So I think that there are a lot of well-meaning business people out there who recognize the need to make something happen. But I think that they’ve been hesitant to be as straightforward as I’d like when it says, this is what a balanced package means. It means that we’ve got some spending cuts; it means that we’ve got some increased revenue; and it means that we’re taking on some of the drivers of our long-term debt and deficits.
“Humanize the Ford brand and put consumers in touch with Ford employees.”
So, let’s make our formula: trust+faith+confidence = assurance, security, self-esteem, self-awareness = results, fruits.
"Polar wander is nothing knew, and it is nothing to worry about," insists Dr. Karla Frankenhoff of the Russian Embassy on Foreign Affars in Krakow. "These people move around all the time. From the time they get up in the morning, until they go to bed at night, they move. Always moving. Move, move, move. Sometimes they move from one room to the next, other times they move from one country to another."
One last pass of the mic, then. Note the dominoes at the end for unintended, retroactive gravitas.
Therefore, O peoples of the earth, because you have slaughtered the innocent and murdered your neighbor… Lo, you have even made for yourselves laws, that all may do their pleasure in unrighteousness and perform evil at their leisure… So then shall I also declare MY Law, and it shall fall hard upon the backs of all nations!
LMAO!
As you sat without motion, atop your pen and paper loom
Woodentops Wheel’s turning UK
Ramp personnel are waiting, yellow rain slickers blowing in the wind, red wands pointing at the almost invisible, water covered lead-in line. The co-pilot starts the APU; we are quick-turning. I can feel the wind pushing on the vertical tail fin as I bring her to a stop at crossed wands and set the brakes... APU is ready to take the electrics; both engine master switches OFF and their hot-sections go cold instantly.
“Yes,” I’d said. “Of course.”
The daily price chart for SPY (S&P500 ETF) is showing a strong price pattern for upward movement of prices. This changed in the last two days because of the price action we had on this ETF, since April 25, 2012.
Doubles disappointments struck both brothers, Markis Kido and Bona Septano at opposite ends of the line-up on the main court Saturday. They were playing in the men’s doubles semi-final matches with their respective partners, Hendra Setiawan and Mohammad Ahsan. Both of the pairs were playing against the Chinese. Markis/Hendra lost to old rivals Cai Yun / Fu Haifeng, 18-21, 15-21 while Mohammad Ahsan / Bona Septano had the upper hand against Chai Biao / Guo Zhendong, but let it slip away in the end and fell 21-18, 11-21, 18-21 to the Malaysia Open champions.
ATM is a connection-oriented, unreliable (does not acknowledge the receipt of cells sent), virtual circuit packet switching technology.
• Food Storage: I added extra oats and wheat to my pantry this month. I want to make sure I don't get too low. I'm now at the point that I can rotate a bag from the co-op, to my freezer, then my freezer to the pantry (in a pail with a gamma seal), and my pantry to actually using it. This is at least a 3 month supply by my estimation. Next would be to go to a year long supply, but I want to shore up some other food areas first!
It is interesting to see that human nature has been consistent over the millenia. The title of Benefactor is still in use in dictatorships of all political stripes. It’s also interesting to note that even though Jesus had taught on this subject before, the 12 were arguing over who was greatest even here, though they had no idea what a momentous occasion this was. We love power and authority, and all the “perks” we assign to them, not really grasping that there is no true authority without commensurate responsibility, and forgetting the ultimate example of Jesus Christ Himself. He was His own best illustration of this point, as He had to point out to the 12. Paul pointed out that all authority, even political, ultimately comes from God. (Romans 13:1) It follows, then, that anyone rightly exercising authority will be submitted to God as the ultimate authority, and not imagine that their authority is intrinsic to themselves. This point is very important, and it caused Jesus to praise the faith of the Roman centurion who recognized it. (Luke 7:1-9) Christians need to realize that Christ’s authority operates through them (Matthew 28:18-20) and so serve with assurance, but always with the attitude of Jesus Himself. (Philippians 2:5-11)
I know that for the most part I’m talking to a wall here. The people who agree with me are dealing with the same issues my husband and I are dealing with, and the people who don’t agree aren’t going to listen to anything I have to say anyway. So I guess in the end all I can say is that its a frustrating situation. I know my husband and I aren’t the only one’s dealing with it, but in this sort of case knowing there are others having the same issue isn’t exactly comforting.
Run by Venuemasters, the Academic Venue Show showcases the wide range of facilities available at academic venues for meetings, conferences and events. Guest speaker Janet Street-Porter will be giving a talk on how to build a career and succeed in business and there are over 50 exhibitors as well as free workshops and seminars.
I NEED: to exercise more.
Sunday!
The exhibition rooms for the 36th also include tableaux of a soldier preparing his K-rations and an Aidman tending to a wounded soldier, a medical tent, a reconstruction of the 36th Infantry Chapel, captured weapons and other material from the Germans and Italians, a trophy Hitler gave to his former commanding officer from World War I, and the Regimental silver of the 142nd Regiment.
In Norway and Finland, no fees apply for domestic and foreign students enrolling at a university. Sweden until recently provided free education to foreign students but changes has been introduced to charge fees to foreign students from outside of the European community. However, domestic students in Sweden still enjoy completely tuition-free college education. Denmark also has universal free education, and provides a monthly stipend, the “Statens Uddannelsesstøtte” or “SU”, to students over 18 years of age. Greece and Argentina provide free education at all levels, including college and university. Even in Serbia, any level of education (from elementary school to university) is absolutely free.
Paper Crafts, CARDS, Take Ten, and Creating Keepsakes magazines with many more publications to come.
Cashews: 9 no
Achieving vaginal BAC is core business of midwifery. It's where the midwife's skill is most needed, and where an experienced midwife is confident and in her element.
this is the only part i think you would have to have a bit of creativity for - you have to measure whatever you want framed (artwork, picture, etc), and make sure that you cut your lines to make a rectangle that would be smaller than your item to be framed. pretty much a no-brainer though, and if you can measure, you can do it
Nicole is celebrating the release of Beyond Molasses Creek with a fabulous "Friendship" Facebook party! She'll be giving away a ton of great stuff (KINDLE TOUCH, some of her own beautiful artwork, a Book Club Prize Pack (10 copies of the book for your small group/book club and a Live Skype Chat with Nicole), and more!
It might be more appropriate to list this as North American Breweries, Inc., who produces, markets and sells both Magic Hat and Pyramid beers. I believe they do business as Magic Hat Brewing Company, however, so as far as I know, the barrel number above represents both breweries' production numbers. I've never had a Magic Hat or Pyramid beer that I particularly enjoyed, though, so in this case I can say that quantity and quality definitely don't go hand in hand.
First part of the series, I am writing about the attractions visited on the first day of the Nikko trip – a trip made up to the mountains to see Ryuji Waterfall, Lake Chuzenji and the Kegon Waterfall, all accessible by a bus taken from the Tobu Nikko Station. (a “how to get around nikko” post will be up later)
Wow, oh wow, you certainly enjoyed our Oh so Cute them last month and it was fabulous to see so many of you join in the fun, thanks to you all for your wonderful entries, we feel honoured to have such wonderfully talented crafters joining us each month.
the abuses hurled !
So what do you think of historical romances? Are they more special than contemp romance in the sense that there's a certain magic to it? Are you in love with the time period, like me? Leave a comment and tell me what you think! Byee! :D
I love to work in my garden -- how about you? Each Spring (when able), my family and I plant a big crop of veggies and fruits, and we work together through the summer and fall to get them to grow. There's just something wonderful about watching something grow from seed to harvest, and of course, nothing tastes better than fresh-picked fruits and veggies! :-)
Small space looking awfully squishy and not quite working.
January 17 - Don Kirshner, recording artist & songwriter's manager (The Monkees), 76
Terry confesses that a few days ago he opened his novel again, and suddenly found a new love for the writing. He doesn’t state a reason for the change of heart, but I’m going to offer my own revelation, and maybe it will fit his also. Perhaps like me, he is afflicted with a Daemon instead of a genius. Or maybe putting a little emotional distance from the work and getting constructive feedback from the writer community was exactly what his muse ordered.
Inori contributes more of her personality to the proceedings:
And the tears flow in secret
Laura (still laughing): Don't cartoon me any more.
Who Will Buy
* At least 8 stuffed animals
Simone Farrow (aka Simone Starr and Mingximengnuo Starr) was the face (and body) of Ed Hardy bikinis during the early 2000s. The company stopped using her in 2006, but in July of that year, the multitude of pictures and videos of her flaunting herself caused a 7.7 earthquake and tsunami near the island of Java that killed some 700 people and injured more than 9,000.
Fast forward 6 years, and her name is a nightmare among teachers. How do I know? My mother was all freaked out about it when she heard she was moving up to second grade. The teacher teaching third grade next year is freaking out about it now. She is ridiculous to handle now. She plays all these pity party tactics that makes a person absolutely sick. She pulls the “I’m white (well, half white) so Chinese sucks and I don’t have to learn” and sits in the back of the classroom under a desk and sulks or plays with her technological devices or whatever she has (why she doesn’t go join a white supremacist group I do not know). Tests? She whines (exactly what I’m doing right now!) about how she didn’t study or something (while everyone seems to have gotten the weekly emails about stuff). And once we start playing games in class she crawls up (literally) to the board and starts commanding other students to do stuff and tries to play; half the time she can’t answer anything and ends up yelling at everyone else like it’s everyone else’s fault that she didn’t study her Chinese to play the games. And on top of that this one other guy has this thing with her (he likes pissing her off and she hates him) so whenever he even looks at her she starts screaming and stuff. And when you tell her know she calls you “unfair,” “idiot,” or she starts bawling about why everyone hates her (I wonder why...). I’ve been patient in the past (when I was little and ended up injuring myself) and patience has dried out (the dirt on the ground is cracking too ;P)
Our friend took pics of the party and she's fixing them up for us (bad lighting). As soon as I get them, I'll post some. In the meantime if you'd like to see more pics, our wonderful friend, Tonya, created a beautiful montage and has it on her blog.
I humbly accept the award mademoissle. Glad you found me worthy and interesting enough to be passing the honor!!
He bowed forward, palms scratched by the rough growth of stubble on his cheeks.
Rum, gin, vanilla Beans, grapefruit zest, ripe guavas, Chinese five spice powder, and a stalk of lemongrass are infused over night and then built into a tasty beer punch the next day with fresh lime juice, citrusy IPA, and sugar. This is our recreation of punch originated by Washington, DC bartender Jon Harris. You have never had anything like it, we promise you.
My self-published book, _____, received the Barnes and Noble Rising Star Award in 2009, placing it in stores on the east coast. My book ______ is being released by _____________ later this year.
Readers, forgive the somewhat misleading title of this post. I didn't really visit the NYC Sewing Machine Museum. In fact, there is no NYC Sewing Machine Museum -- yet.
My lips curve in my most seductive smile
On the subject of ethics, there's good news for practitioners of espionage -- if they happen to be in the United States, that is. If you download thousands of lines of source code from your employer's computer system, you can't be convicted of theft under the National Stolen Property Act since the source code, being intangible, isn't "property" that is capable of being stolen: you can read the ruling of the Second Court of Appeal in USA v Sergei Aleynikov here. A katpat goes to Amanda Harcourt for this link to "Code Not Physical Property, Court Rules in Goldman Sachs Espionage Case", Wired.
15. River Rock and Rhodedendrums in center
Ever since late 2009, we’ve been hearing stories and seeing Telegraph Group releases saying that its star curmudgeon Simon Heffer ‘will be returning to a major new role, following his University sabbatical, during January 2011′. January has come and gone – as has February – and still Heffer has no role. Now, I learn, he has extended his sabbatical.
TODAY IS GOING TO BE A GREAT DAY!! WHY?? I HAVE A CAMPUS WIDE EVENT!!! I am so excited!! PICS TO COME FROM THE EVENT!!
At the end of a meeting, suggest that, for once, it would be nice to conclude with the singing of the national anthem. (Extra points if you actually launch into it yourself.)
Anyway, yesterday I was in the most piss-poor, "I hate everything" mood but everything changed by dinnertime. My friend Warren, a great guy who struck up a conversation with me on a Southwest flight last year and hasn't been able to get rid of me since, is here from Albany and he took us out for a fantastic meal at The Bootlegger. Forget low carbs for a night--this place is worth every gram! The food is always delicious and if you're in town on a Monday night, check out their open mic cabaret. You'll be entertained by a variety of top notch performers, most of them coming straight from their acts on the Strip. You never know who will drop in.
While everyone rushed to his aid- they thought he might have cracked his skull- my father said he just kept sitting at the table eating his pickled herring in cream sauce.
Why does any of this matter? Glamour is a double-edged sword. It pushes ones taste and style upward. It gives a lift. It charms and promises us that elegance and sophistication can be achieved. It can also sow the seeds of dissatisfaction. No one can portion up to Hollywood allure, even though it is often airbrushed and botoxed into faux beautiful. On chance you have to speak up to the professionals who may be a bit smarter, or wealthier, or more experienced and have the courage to say, “Ahem, this Emperor has no clothes.”
Then Elisha commanded. Now sell the bottles. Pay off your debts.
Maybe I should get around to introducing myself. A bit of stats to get going!
The best thing about writing for television is that it’s collaborative. You work with so many smart, caring, funny people. I adore my colleagues.
~ For the BBB "Techniques" challenge I am using the Double Embossing technique.
That’s how Crazy her Set was.
THE Pretoria Magistrate's Court heard yesterday that the investigating officer who was responsible for transporting serial jail escapee Bongani Moyo to and from court was present when he escaped last year.
I learned how to do these by watching videos on one of my favorite Stampin Up demonstrators website. Her name is Tami White and she is awesome. I hope you will check out her site. The link is on the side with the blogs I follow. She has an amazing amount of how to videos. Let me know if you stopped by her site and what you liked best.
Luckily, Pudding Pie brightened up when she got to taste the first cooled down cookie. She pronounced it "not too bad" - and she loved having her fortune read to her.
The disability community’s participation is a key factor in our research. Through interviews (already conducted) and this survey, the project aims to gain a greater understanding of what factors most affect the choices people with disabilities make about which mode of transportation they will use for particular trips.
Exactly. So if it is the way it is simply because you say so, then who are you?
Paul professed to all his listeners that he belonged to God. He had experienced a change of ownership. He had recognised that the purpose of the cross was to purchase a lost human race from the bondage of evil. No one could do it but Jesus Christ. Hear these words from Romans 8:2-3.
She used BLD Digital Stamp:
Hail hail to the good times
Too many people have cowered under pressure and have turned to opiates like drugs, religion, cars, alcohol, same sex relationships and thievery. Guyana has more people living abroad and in every nation and country conceivable, Guyana has faltered from a fledgling republic to a low and lower class society worse than Haiti in the hemisphere. With this new budget, that longing, that craning for tolerance and finding a place at home, is but a short step but a continuous journey to right side and upside the moral and spiritual fibre of the society.
They say, hey, it's only human
All of which is diametrically opposed to what lays behind the initiative that is AlphaBetaMusica.
Unicron.
Yesterday was really bloody exciting! Gallery 3 of The Hepworth Wakefield opened to the public showcasing the new exhibition of post-war British sculpture and painting.
As I have repeated ad-nausium on this blog socialism is dependent on the state, the state on which Wales now depends is the British state; until we throw off the shackles of state control Wales can never be free!
It states that the layout of the Gypsy facility was developed “following a full appraisal of the site and the surrounding area”.
In a large bowl, beat cream with a hand held electric mixer until stiff peaks form. Gently fold the whipped cream into the coconut milk mixture. Pour into the loaf pan and top with coconut. Freeze until firm, 6 hours or overnight. When ready to serve, let the semifreddo sit at room temperature for 20 minutes. Invert on a platter, remove the parchment and top with the sliced mango.
Nevertheless, what is being called for by life is a significant shift in practice, replacing certain mundane, habitual practices with conscious inner practices and, where need be, profound life-changes. Life is beckoning us towards these things and it is helpful to pay greater attention, especially when spending time in nature and when feeling in touch with our own higher nature. Life is encouraging us to recognize the guidance that takes us beyond thought, to listen to the bird-song and the wind through the grasses or the trees; and to feel the heat and light of the sun and the moisture in the air. We are being called to open our higher sense perceptions and to allow the analytical senses to wane somewhat — not to disappear, but not to constantly hold ‘center stage’, as they commonly do amongst the majority of humanity.
It really does make me sad. I enjoyed blogging so much about a year ago this time. It was an outlet for me but it grew to be a chore and something I no longer looked forward to. This blog started during a time that I was married and things were different. My entire life turned around and though I tried to keep the blog going, being a single mom changed everything. I am no longer Supermom.
Twelve muddy snow boots,
Happy Friday! Today I have a couple cards to share with you. The first one was for a sketch challenge at Emma's Paperie using the beautiful "Farmhouse" collection by October Afternoon. For a complete supply list, visit the Emma's Paperie blog here.
E49
The best quote came from Walsh, “I’m not done, and I hope Misty isn’t done yet, either,” Walsh said. “I can’t imagine playing without her.” For our sake let’s hope not…
All you need to do to qualify for the prize draw is to use either a Magnolia or hAnglar & sTanglar stamp on your project. It must be a new project please, no back linking as it’s not fair to those that do go to the trouble of making a new project for the challenge. You can combine our challenge with as many others as you like.
Zooey Deschanel
The very first weekend in November, my mother-in-law graciously agreed to keep out little guy while the hubs and I went to Cincinnati for shopping, dinner with friends and a full night’s sleep. Everything was going pretty well till about 11 that night when I started really and truly, super duper missing our little guy and thought it would be a good idea to look at the 1 billion pictures and movies I have of him on my phone.
the number of people shot dead by the SA policing authorities, also jumped from 281 in 2005-2006 to 521 in 2010 â€“ giving South Africa the dubious distinction of having one of the highest recorded rates of homicides by police officers in the world. By comparison: the United States (overall population of 311-million) had 439 arrest-related homicides by law enforcement personnel in 2006.)
As a child, I was brought up never to disobey doctor's orders. Hence, I wish he'd forbidden me to stop smoking as well, but since that had no bearing on the previous threat to my earthly existence, well...
I was named from a book of African Names. My mom wanted something different, beautiful and with meaning. My brothers name was also choosed from the same book. His name is Jafari. My sister got a scandanavian name, named after a friend of my mom who had a daughter that same year. She reversed the names to Anika Krista.
amazing creations that were placed in our gallery this
Is it the role of morality to protect the weak from the powerful?
Quickly add the cut butternut squash and cut carrots into the cooking mixture and keep stirring around often with the wooden spoon.
Why does religion stir up anger in its people? We see a prime example of this in Acts 22:22. The apostle Paul was coming to the climax of his message to the assembled crowd of Jews in Jerusalem and had just stated that God had called him to be the apostle of the Gentiles.
Romans 5:18).Therefore as by the offence of one judgment came upon all men to condemnation; even so by the righteousness of one the free gift came upon all men unto justification of life.
Each person’s crap-detector is embedded in their value system; if you want to teach the art of crap-detecting, you must help students become aware of their values. After all, Vice President, Spiro Agnew, or his writers, know as much about semantics as anyone in this room. What he is lacking has very little to do with technique, and almost everything to do with values.
With duty and purpose, God’s blue landscape has no doubt.
Hadley was so fun to read about. She had about a thousand problems and was such a complicated young person, but I loved her. She was so much like me, and most teenage girls. And Oliver, he was so funny and caring. I really loved both of these characters, and even the old lady sitting next to them got me. I think that Jennifer E. Smith really knows how to write wonderful characters that are so exaggerated, yet perfectly believeable.
“Two moons and that’s my last word,” she insisted.
Last week she was told she would be induced due to "medical stuff"and we made arrangements on the spot. I was on the night train to Melbourne from Sydney to be at the birth of Tina's baby.
Nothin' seems to fit
The most likely instigator of an anti-Heartland provocation would be someone from among the political activists of the environmental movement, such as the merry pranksters of Greenpeace, who have been known to paw through the garbage cans of climate skeptics looking for evidence of payoffs from the fossil fuel industry (which, contrary to left-wing paranoia, has tended rather to be a generous funder of the climate catastrophe campaign). But shortly after the document dump, Ross Kaminsky, an unpaid senior fellow and former Heartland board member now with the American Spectator, noticed something odd in the digital fingerprint of the “strategy memo.” It had been scanned on an Epson printer/scanner on Monday, February 13, on the West Coast (not in the Midwest, where Heartland is located), just one day before the entire document dump appeared online for the first time. Like the famous little detail of when and how Alger Hiss disposed of his old Ford, this date and location will turn out to be a key piece of evidence unraveling the full story, some of which still remains shrouded.
Every girl loves shoes. No matter what kind of day you’re having you can always count on your shoes to look good. Add a pair of orange shoes to your collection and start wearing them right away.
Whilst in Cartagena we went on a day trip to the Rosario Islands. We learnt about the history of Cartagena’s pirate attacks, and went to a few very picturesque islands where we spent the day snorkelling. Although a lot of the coral was dead, we still saw some very colourful fish. It was definitely a highlight of Colombia for us.
Rubber duckie, I'm awfully fond of -
“That he’s a Catholic in the RUC in 1981 would have been incredibly rare back then,” he says. “The IRA famously had a bounty on Catholic policemen and the RUC was completely distrusted by the Catholic community, so few joined. The force in that era would have been over 90% Protestant. So you’ve got a gifted but conflicted and fractured young man in a very hot-house environment.”
Right before Hsing came to pick up the cake, I realized that I had forgotten to pipe Hello Kitty's whiskers! Oops! I pointed it out to her, and she said she wouldn't have noticed had I not said anything, so hopefully no one else noticed either!
Let me know what you think - and remember that I'm happy to answer questions from the comment trail as well (and those are less likely to get put into a special folder and lost, natch).
Make a magic ring.
Lim also claimed that he had helped Duan to send RM60,000 back to China over the past 18 months.
This was a terrorist act. When an extremist plans and executes a murderous plot against our unarmed soldiers to protest our efforts to counter Islamist fanatics, it's an act of terror. Period.
Archy McNally series by Lawrence Sanders
The reduction of the spicy syrah, the use of the blood, heart, and lungs and the total absence of any butter or cream gave the lean hare just what you want from a first course - a powerful, complex and intense taste that was also light and remarkably fresh, leaving plenty of room for more.........
What do you want to be when you grow up? What an annoying patronising question.
Comfort, the smell of neighbor’s pancakes
I know this is going to sound crazy, but this new pattern of thinking, loving, breathing, seeing, and behaving has actually started to suck the fat of my body and out of my life (fat to me means all the bullshit whether physical or environmental). I feel like every day I see myself changing a little more, and the scale is reflecting too! I remember first establishing NinetyDays2Life (a health support group) in October 2010 with a weight-loss goal in mind, educating the woman that attended on how to “loose” weight.. but was I ever wrong in targeting weight as the issue… it isn’t. As NinetyDays2Life began to evolve, I started to realize that the issue was metaphysical, that the dis-ease inhabited the mind and manifested in the body, and I can tell you that there were so many mixed reviews on much of what I presented in the end. I found that nutrition was more of an art, and that indulgence didn’t signify living a good life. Realistically, our indulgences and wants are what destroy us. As my vision evolved, so did the group dissolve, people were simply not ready, and unfortunately societal norms won. I can tell you that change isn’t easy, it isn’t easy to try and alter thinking, feeling, being – we are what we know.. but we have the power to alter all that..
Proskurowski gathered data on a 2010 North Atlantic expedition, where he and his team collected samples at the surface, plus an additional three or four depths down as far as 100 feet. “Almost every tow we did contained plastic, regardless of the depth,” he said.
your body to atmosphere and truth
The “other guy” on the glacier date was Justin, who was not krazy like Kasey, but he’s definitely in the running for “Douchebag of the Year.” Justin is a professional wrestler in Canada, going by the name “Rated-R.” On the first night, the guys voted Justin the one who was “not there for the right reasons” (meaning he was only there to further his career), but Ali decided to keep him around anyway. Bad move, Ali. Turns out, Justin was not only there for the wrong reasons, he had a girlfriend back home who agreed to let him go on the show so he could become famous (like all those other people who became world famous after going on The Bachelorette). But when Justin’s girlfriend Jessica learned about Justin’s OTHER girlfriend, Jessica decided to cal shenanigans on the whole thing, and informed the show’s producers of the whole mess. Complete with the sappy voice mails he left her while he was “falling in love” with Ali. But that’s not the best part. The best part is when Ali calls him out on it. Big, tough Justin does what any hardcore wrestling guy would do: he runs away. Runs outside, climbs through shrubbery and THROUGH A FOUNTAIN. While wearing an air cast, no less. He finally comes back to talk to Ali, and tries to deny doing anything wrong without actually calling his girlfriend a liar. Doesn’t go well.
“There are other passengers”.
Proverbs 10:22 The blessing of the LORD, it maketh rich, and he addeth no sorrow with it. GOD IS GOOD ALL THE TIME!
This weekend was our PTA's Silent Auction. It's a fancy schmancy event where people are supposed to dress nice, drink wine and spend too much money in front of their kids' friends parents. It's actually quite successful, in that respect. I'm told we made $31K this year; this was the 3rd one we've done and we do better and better every year.
Flying can actually be an even more beautiful experience when you aren't self medicating.
But I saw not the flowers’ God,
Today the awesome Design Divas have some sneak peeks to share with you.
So stop tempting me. And if you don’t stop… then I’ll probably buy you and then play you over Christmas break.
In 2005, on a visit to Temasek House in Kuala Lumpur, Lee pointed out a photograph on the wall and described the picture to her: “This is a picture of you doing the joget.” Her swift retort: “Put it in the furnace.”
-stood on her own!! The first time it happened Pete and I were both standing in the hall while Ellie held on to the gate at the bottom of the stairs. She then was holding on to Pete's leg, then suddenly, she wasn't! It took a few days before I could catch her doing it with the camera, but it finally happened on April 17th.
So, sweet Janelle, this card is for you. We're all sending you one gigantic glittery cyber-hug today! We love you!
Tuesday: 5 – GREAT post-work run with B. My legs were tired and shins and tendon were hurting after the weekend’s 20 miler, but overall it was good to get out while it was still light and warm out. 5 miles felt SO much faster after a 20 mile run! We were booking it too, we finished the run in about 47 minutes.
Looking on the inside out,
In its policy discussion papers the ANC has provided more details about its plans to use Post Bank as state bank and also establish a publishing enterprise and a pharmaceutical company, with the government as a controlling shareholder. A state-owned mining company has been established.
Houston we have a problem! Please be patient - LL
After being obsessed with the taste of that sorrel, I decided to make an asparagus and sorrel soup and spoon it over rice. The only thing that I was disappointed about was that that delicious, lemony zing of the sorrel was somewhat diluted when I blended it up in the soup. I'm thinking that tomorrow night, I'll make a shredded beet and sorrel salad for dinner with a light dressing so I can really taste it.
More importantly, however, the police, etc. want to bring about more ‘community cohesion’. They want us to ‘embrace diversity’. (They also want us to ‘embrace cohesion’ and create ‘community diversity’.) Or at least the big knobs in the police do. The ones at the top. The ones who once admired Tony Blair and the religion of Political Correctness. The ones who don’t want to upset PC MPs and PC councillors. Police leaders like Chris Sims of the West Midlands Police who wrote an article against the English Defence League and told us how nice Unite Against Fascism is. Or the ones who say such things to further their careers or keep themselves in their jobs. They must also be frightened of the Con-Lib alliance keeping an eye on their levels of political correctness.
Babyboy, bring out the Missmas outpits and Christmas dishes. Why save them just for a day, when the season has only just begun?
She then calls me back immediately thereafter, saying, “That’s great… for Monday night. Tonight we’re doing BBQ tofu, and tomorrow we’re doing borsht.”
While Descartes is clearly considering even the most remote possibilities in his method of doubt, all he offers is the claim that such a being could exist. However, this is hardly a solid basis upon which to build the degree of doubt required by Descartes. Ironically, his skepticism undercuts itself-to the degree that I am in a state of doubt, I will also have doubt about the possibility that there could even be such a deceiver. As such, my doubt about the possibility of such a being serves to undermine the greater doubt that is supposed to be generated by this being. In order for the evil demon to generate such a degree of doubt it must be possible for it to exist. However, Descartes does not provide enough support for his claim of its possibility. This shows that Descartes’ evil demon argument fails to warrant the degree of doubt he claims.
(Where are the safe harbour provisions for internet intermediaries in India for copyright infringement cases? Where did they go? Did they ever exist? Image from here)
A microwave! A new microwave, stuck right in there on the new shelf, and I hadn't even noticed! Clint went out and got one! Yayyyy!
extra virgin olive oil, 1/8 cup
1 remembered
told the ghot to fak aff. Worked for me before. I watched this because
Pick a commodity and ask yourself this, what was the price 10 years ago and what is the price now? A McMeal was just under £3, now it's just over. A can of beans and loaf of bread was a few pence cheaper then to now. The price of a pint in a grotty pub has risen over that time by over double.
When we were looking at the house, shortly before my parents made the offer, I remember seeing a tarantula in a terrarium next to the garage door. That, as it turns out, was just a foreshadowing of events to come.
Lots of these I’ve been lucky enough to develop in-house with the BBC, where people do seem to talk to one another and money arrives fairly quickly – apart from one incident where it went to another writer with a similar name, quite possibly the estate of Henry James, whose custodians I think occasionally write confused letters asking why they’re getting Bob The Builder residuals.
Today’s pieces of fluff need a new pair of dark socks (navy or black please)
Got dressed, took a pic.
to the blood-soaked trenches of conflict, a calling.
But first, I simply wish to say hello. Hello, light-workers, light-holders, light-builders, my trusted friends of light that I always love to enlist in my legion of blue.
10. I constantly observe people. I always notice the little things.
The other day after a chat with someone I painted a wee water colour for and she was telling me how much she loved it and appreciated it, which was nice, but It made me realize that all the paintings I had done since I left high school (a wee while ago now) were gifts for other people. It’s nice creating things for others, but I really wanted to do something just for me. Painting for enjoyment alone.
of the same
Having just read Doberman's post on Affirmative Action, I am struck by how noble it sounds! It sounds so grandiose, so positive, it must be good for society. It reminds me of another glowing phrase that did the rounds in the UK and America a few years ago, "compassionate conservatism".
Fun food for game watching.
- 4 tablespoons of sour cream
After studying at QUT, my passion to become a live performer and touring musician is still an option that I can pursue. After talking with Luke Henery, both as a friend and a great influence on how I perform, I have gained confidence and faith in what I am doing and am discovering ways to persevere through the industry politics to follow my passion. His ability and attitude to perform overseas to thousands to come home to a ‘nine to five’ carpentry job is both an example of the state of the industry and the blue collar nature musicians should maintain. The infamous “It’s not what you know, it’s who” cliche is relevant but I feel both attributes are necessary for any success. Through this discussion and my own personal experiences as both a performer and witness to performances and management workings through venue work, I have developed methods of becoming an active and recognizable performer within a local scene.
Dr. Seuss' The Cat in the Hat ... ABC Family ... 12:30 AM
Which might be a good idea, because it's easy for some who have long memories and know how to use search engines.
I consider myself a pretty respectful and courteous guy, especially to strangers and their businesses.
I think this is a much nicer presentation than a paper sack. Don't you?
Both yogurts ended up to be about the same cost at $1.99 for 170g (Chobani) and $1.49 for 142g (PC) at Loblaws, so both are definitely well-priced for an afternoon snack. Or, if you’re like me, a midnight dessert.
Leaving the whole world behind me,
We're going to ask you to help spread the knowledge. We hope our winners will read the books they receive and do a giveaway on their own blogs to pass them along again. Or we will be happy to have them back here to host the giveaway on our blog. We just want the chain to continue.
It was a day that I chose to work from home, opting for the comfort of home against the 50 km commute to office in the harsh summer heat. At about 2 PM, I was deep into the article I was writing when I felt my computer table shaking. I thought I was leaning too much on the table, and pushed my chair back a bit. That was when I noticed my chair shaking too. I got up in a flash without touching the table, and a full-blown panic attack ensued when I noticed the water shaking of its own accord in the bottle on my table top. Being alone in the house did not help one bit.
What is the title of your Script Frenzy project?
So I scrubbed them with TSP, then primed them with Rustoleum Spray Primer (lazy 'eh? lol) THEN I decided to strip and sand the top of ONE of the tables, just to see whether the woodgrain was "pretty enough."
Ezekiel 18:24-30
Q. Boko Haram is just one of the numerous challenges we are facing, we have unemployment, power, corruption, lack of social amenities, bad roads etc, what can be done to address all these?
Fridays:
Major procurement for the month was directed towards a new Component Assembly Array and approximately 70m isk in BPOs for a new Tech2 module that will enter production this month.
Put flour, baking powder, bicarb, nutmeg and sugar in a large bowl. In a jug put egg, buttermilk and have melted butter ready.
What I’m afraid of is what I’m going to do when I’m left to my own vices. What I might do when I’m not at work and passing by the gas station.
However, the first 5 – 10 minutes of the movie is real footage that a group of Japanese captured from a hillside. You watch this water roll in. And roll in. And roll in some more. You think it’s going to stop, but it never does. You listen to these people screaming for their lost family members (because they know that their family members are now under that water somewhere). You watch these people running up the hill to try and get away, only to have them sucked up by the wave. It leaves a mark. It left such a mark on me, I can’t even think about it without getting upset.
Health provider are not permitted to charge and receive payments for causally related medical services from workers’ compensation claimants. If any such payment is made, the payment is not reimbursable. If such a payment is made for a compensable claim, it is illegal and not enforceable.
I love to get to know people and hear their stories and how life in a different country is different than mine.
“In the summer of 2002, a week of heavy rains in Central Texas caused Canyon Lake – the reservoir of the Canyon Dam – to flood over its spillway and down the Guadalupe River Valley in a planned diversion to save the dam from catastrophic failure. The flood, which continued for six weeks, stripped the valley of mesquite, oak trees, and soil; destroyed a bridge; and plucked meter-wide boulders from the ground.”
I habs no problem eckspressing my self from the front end,
Here comes another example of my mom's secret genius and another time when I realized this woman truly has me on a need to know basis for important shit:
1:37 Our train arrives. We ask the conductor how frequently the connecting train to the airport runs from Ain Sabaa. He doesn’t know. SH and I continue to stress. Can we take a taxi from Ain Sabaa to the airport? How much would it cost? Our flight is at 5:00. What if we don’t get there until 4:00? Things do take longer in foreign airports. Yes, they do.
Why is it that my household received several full color flyers encouraging us to re-elect Mathieu Eugene if he is running unopposed? Couldn't the money used to produce and send this flyer have been spent in a more productive way?
“Previous Israeli governments have pledged to demolish the unauthorized settler outposts in the West Bank, but only a handful have been removed,” according to CNN online. In fact, that ‘handful’ are likely to be rebuilt, amongst many more new outposts, now that the new legal precedence is underway.
Stay tune for new post, because I have very fresh mind now after vacation. :D
Stay Crafty!
I found this program where I could learn internet marketing and niche marketing. So I am taking lessons and have had a mentor. It has been very interesting. I have learned and am learning things like what tags do. How to put the tags into a website and what the best tags are. The whole idea is to get a website noticed and highly ranked by Google and other search engines. This will sent traffic to that website.
Last Friday's post about the A-Z Challenge elicited some interesting comments, ranging from 'I hated it last year - never again!' to 'Sign me up now please!'
So on that note, I shall take a few deep cleansing breaths and try to get a few more hours as opposed to taking pictures to finish this post. Do any of you find you have the same issues with coffee or being online?
Speaking as someone who has survived weeks at a time on nothing more than a box of honey comb cereal and a jar of peanut butter because I wasn’t making enough to cover my rent and buy groceries, I can say that this phenomenon is real and needs to be addressed.
Of course, I couldn’t remember what stitches or hook sizes I used on the skirt. Multiple test runs followed before I finally figured it out. For the love. Then came the waist decrease where helpful notes would have been really, y’know, helpful. Stitch three rows. Rip them out. Stitch three rows with a variation. Tear those out, too. I lost count of how many times I attempted that. In the end, it doesn’t exactly match the back piece, but it’s pretty close. At that point, I was willing to accept “pretty close.” Since then, I’ve been agonizing over the bodice. I think we’re going on three weeks now of that same ol’ song of Crochet half of it, then tear it out again. Swing your partner round and round.
For being the loving, wonderful, magnificent God that You are
You know, it's funny... I used to always have music going - whether it be from the Media Player or a CD or internet radio. Now I more frequently listen to music when I'm alone, and now that Steph's home all the time on vacation, I don't listen to music much. Unless you count the sounds emitting from his computer, as he plays Dark Age of Camelot. So it's been a few days since I actually listened to a song.
We boo-hoo about the most ludicrous things.
Listen to Music
This is so for so many plants and for the water that dear Gaia gives you as well for even water has been taken and distorted into the lower dimensional likes of soda and so very many other substances that can be seen as liquid but that are certainly not as healthy as water. What you know as soda is purposefully a lower dimensional substance and is meant to have so very many long term health effects well as the short term health effects that can be noticed.
In the space of just a week, Daniel Wideman, Senior Product Manager of Lulu had appeared twice as the source of persuasion; this time for Dan Gillmor. Whatever about the discussions and negotiations Daniel Wideman had with his Dad, while not a Luddite, but certainly more comfortable with the ballpoint pen and notepad; on the other hand, Gillmor’s finely honed ideas on the media industry and the publication, availability and licensing of his book would have presented its own unique challenges to Wideman Junior and Lulu.
Great Moments in European Political Correctness
Suddenly the hour was up. Great stuff.
James Lynch
Tears form in the corners of my eyes like they always do, every time I read the words he has chosen for me.
So, The Poolboy hotfooted it down to the restaurant. The table had been cleared and re-set. No sign of the retainer. The staff searched through the dirty linen in case it had been cleared with the tablecloth. No luck.
I could keep going but it’s too depressing. To think that our economy is driven by this, that so many people have bought into this, that the “Best Place on Earth” is defined by this. It’s a tragedy. There’s no way this is going to end well. If you’re not scared now, you should be.
I feel this so much – that we are being drawn deeper into the heart of Jesus, going deeper into communion with Him. It almost overwhelms me at times. I feel it with people I love – that as we each draw closer to Jesus individually, we are being drawn closer and closer to one another and built together into His holy dwelling. I feel it in my times with the Lord. I feel it as I go through the day. I feel the presence of the Lord in new, deeper ways. His love is growing and growing. God is having to enlarge my heart to hold it all! Just when I think the love can’t get any bigger, it does! His love truly is higher, deeper, wider, longer than we can possibly imagine.
It took a while to pour as the foam had to be let subside in the too-small branded glass. A hazy orange beer is what eventually emerged under the head. There's a bubblegum mish-mash of fruity aromas, separating on tasting into soft fruit like lychees and nectarines. The sweetness becomes more apparent as it warms, bringing out sticky honey flavours that don't sit well with the busy fizz. This is one to drink cool. From a bigger glass.
All of this made me think of I am Legend (the great book, NOT the comparatively crappy Will Smith movie or the good but very different from the book Charlton Heston movie, or the other one I disliked so much I won't even mention).
BUSINESSES
You amazed me today when you counted past ten , precisely, straight until twenty. Out of the blue. I guess You Tube is good for some things. Counting to 20 at 23 months.
Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Because. Because. Because. Because. Because. For every single choice you make, if you truly examine its circumstance, you can find a preceding cause that made it so. It even extends to our personalities, since our thoughts and worldviews are the result of the sum of our genetics and the experiences that comprise our lifetimes. Thus each moment that occurs, moment to moment, is itself causing predetermined effects for the future that lead us on unfeelingly to our fates. Everything that will ever happen has a predetermined cause, a meaning that was never really our own to assign.
I'm NOT saying "You have to be friends with your child, otherwise you are a bad parent." I'm NOT saying I'm a better mom than you because I parent this way. I'm saying this is how I choose to parent, and I love it. I'm saying it's possible to be friends with your child without disastrous consequences.
Paper is Prima marketing sparkling spring collection.
unrolled a pristine plane across my gritty concrete cage
I’d like to mine a rich seam of hope, ethics, common sense, practicality, peaceful defeat of the enemy, and helpful advice.
The giveaway is open until next Thursday when one winner will receive a new Tempur Multi-Comfort pillow from Furniture Village, makers of furniture, beds and a fabulous range of office furniture.
Last but most certainly not least, our gratitude to everyone who links to us, re-tweets us, recommends us, and otherwise helps us get the word out.
Sandra Bullock and Colin Firth…hands down!
7. Draw a hand on the end of this long oval shape.
The second point, about mastering your mouth, hit me incredibly hard. I really struggle with gossiping and making little comments about people that I don’t even know. I’ve known this about myself for a long time, but I never thought of it at being spiritually immature. But the reality is that it is immature and its something that I’m going to have to really work on.
Just like Moishe in the book I mentioned earlier, I’m praying for the strength to ask those questions. I don’t want to have to pretend that I have all the answers, I don’t want to be afraid to come to God and lay all my heart’s troubles and worries on the table. I want to be open, I want to be true, I want my relationship with Jesus to be raw and honest.
7) Serve with chilli sauce.
My knee still hurts – badly – and I really don’t feel like being patient with my own body. I’m hurt, but right now I need running more than anything. But I have to be patient. I honestly wonder if my knee got worse. I thought for sure by now it would be better. But I can’t sleep without Advil PM and even with it, I wake up in the morning feeling like my knee is tied in a tourniquet. All day it hurts. All day it reminds me – it taunts me, in fact – that I can’t run. When once in my life I relied on running to get me through anything, I’m stuck being patient.
The Angels
Character Dining is one of our fun activities while at Walt Disney World. I love it because, it means no standing in lines for a meet and greet with a character. My kids love it because, most of the time it means several different interactions with each character during our meal. The only drawback, if you have kids that are really into this type of dining experience - there may not be very much "dining" going on. Ava Mae absolutely loved being around all these different characters, so much so, she hardly ever touched her food. Now that you have been warned about the one drawback here are a few of our favorites that we did on this last trip.
He does this by mercilessly destroying her with sharp, pointed, cutting words, breaking her faith and dropping her to the floor, shattered and crying.
Where: Winking Lizard
Click here to watch the Tenebre Trailer:
Our baby lost her first tooth... Had to explain the entire tooth fairy thing.. btw... the tooth fairy leaves $5 now days... I thought it was .25 cents... hmmm
Under the raised chassis at the frotn fo the car are a pair of new turning vanes, not especially clear in the photo, they curve down and outwards, just behind the wishbones.
In addition, the insurance company pays a hefty fees to the agent as an incentive to sell. This may vary from 20% to 60% of the premium paid. The agent also has his family….no? The rest of the amount is invested by the insurance company in stock market and govt/company bonds/fixed deposits. The returns generated from this investment are used for the following:
#1 singles: Chaz Hansen defeated Kyle Szucs (6-0) (6-1)
As the echo of the wedding bells before the blowin’ rain
A fictional mystery review
*Bake at 350° for 16-18 minutes.
These are absolute truths. You do not want to go to a divorce trial, unless there is no alternative, i.e. when it is a last resort.
Yet from you not a peep
the quiet hope that
early Thursday morning. I will be back as soon as I can because
LP; Shanu Olu SOS 166
It may surprise you to learn that I do not, myself, own one of these devices. I do have a mobile number, but anyone who dials it is directed to the phone of a chimpanzee. This chimp screens my calls to save me the bother of telling salesmen and other hucksters to piss off. If I get a legitimate caller, the chimp arranges a time for a return call and lends me his phone for this purpose.
"Why? Why did this happen? What was the reason? What was the motive?" said Jeanette Allen, wife of William Allen, 31.
9.) Continuing Education expenditures from local sales tax for under-graduate, skill certification and post graduate studies for all age students… making our country the most skilled and educated workforce in the world oncemore.
Meanwhile, it was clear that there was a cosy clique comprised of local politicians and property developers along the Costa Blanca, just as there were in Ireland, Italy, Greece and Ireland, which fanned the flames of the approaching credit collapse. The situation got so bad in Spain that English residents started to stand in local elections to oppose the situatation.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The United States has threatened action that could disrupt a French-led satellite maker’s supply chain, spurred by suspicion that it illegally used US know-how or parts in spacecraft launched by Chinese rockets. investigation of …
As a result, he does not live the rest of his earthly life for evil human desires, but rather for the will of God. 1 Peter 4:2
Bread From Heaven: Let’s look at the passage from ACTS.
You became a legend through heart
parents' bedroom to diaper her. When Susan came back
A voice that cries, ‘The tomb in Palestine
I'm probably butchering the story all up since I'm a writer and can't help but embellish the facts. So, here's a link to her post:
This is not the actual trap, because it also refused to cooperate with photographs. But it's a pretty close imitation.
Meatless - This is pretty self explanatory - a meal containing no meat
My two cents: One failure, followed by two huge failures, followed by a correction.
Shield (Abjuration)
But for some reason, I avoid them. I avoid my chores as though they were the black plague. But avoidance is infectious. It spreads around my brain and body, wreaking havoc on all it touches. The guilt of not doing what I should be eats away at my gut, making me think about my chores while I am at work. My brain sends out repetitive reminders of what I should have done last night, exhausting my mind. By the end of the work day, I’m tired of thinking about what I need to do, and am more interested in relaxing… Again.
now it's only such a little while to christmas, and the list of things to do, errands to run, must-not-forgets, is so, so, so long. i wonder whether there is a correlation between increasing age and decreasing prepared-ness. but i bet you are all totally on top of things. right?
I sat on the sofa and looked at Kapua sleeping on the top of the DVD tower on the other side of the room. He opens his eyes, to a slit. We contemplated each other…
All in all, this equates for me to a visual that’s striking, that’s distinct—but for all the wrong reasons. It’s kind of hilariously bad, especially when coupled with the book’s title. My goal, then, has been to reimagine this cover, to solve some of the design problems it presents, to reframe it in a way that highlights both the content of the text and what are, for me, some of its pleasures.
I think I'll have a nice hot shower :D
How wrong I was! In Down Syndrome, now, there is no negative. There is positive, and there is a sense of overwhelming normality. But down syndrome itself doesn’t have any negative consequences. At least, not for us.
Today I have not got a lot planned. My mother is still no well so I have to take care of her. Also have some chores to do if I find the energy to start. Otherwise I guess I will be in some chatroom, looking at videos on YouTube and tweeting a bit. Maybe write another post.
Broiled salmon and asparagus with dinner rolls
Baker
June 9, 2010
For more of the Paris views I promised you in the last post
cook for around 35 mins ( mine took over a hour due to my tin and its still soft in the middle)
It’s fitting that hanging was his method of choice, because of its connotations of capital punishment. It had been used as a method of execution by the Persian Empire even earlier than 400 A.D. and was used to punish common criminals in feudal England, whereas beheading was reserved for people of more noble blood. Ironically, until 1808 in some parts of the world, attempted suicide was punishable by death, and those guilty were killed by hanging. Had that law persevered and my father survived his attempt, the court would have hung him anyway.
MR.Kejriwal receives income tax notice,
“Tomorrow’s May the fourth,” he said.
4 – the Government in the service of the people
So then I’m talking to my brother on the telephone. He answers my call with his name. I tell him who I am but he doesn’t know me at all. It was like I’d looped back to some kind of parallel reality. Another universe. But somehow my going back worked out a whole bunch of issues that needed to be resolved. All very strange. Would have made a good sci-fi story.
That's the easy part. The hard part is getting people to buy and read the book, and that starts now (okay, technically it started about fourteen hours ago, but I did need to sleep...).
With the help of state prosecutors, he crafted the bill to make cyberbullying eligible for prosecution as a hate crime. The Senate bill has 17 co-sponsors, and Mr. Klein said the bill was one of his top priorities for the spring session.
has become me. It will rain so hard
May 1
You can go straight-forward and simple with this masculine card using the green, orange, and tan colors from the range. The simple Je t'aime sentiment from Floriculture makes this card a breeze to put together.
Ok. Here are now the questions that Darci wanted me to answer:
Dare to live from your heart, out loud, outside of your comfort zone!! Your passion is waiting to come ALIVE thru you!!
It won’t be easy. It may not happen the first time. Or even the second time. If you're like me, you may be eager to move on to a different manuscript. You may feel overwhelmed by the revisions. But you're a writer. Everything you have learned so far--everything you will learn by doing this revision--will transfer into that new story eventually, and it will be even stronger by the time you get back to it. Sure you can quit and move on now. But if that first story haunts you, dredge up the energy to go back to it. Find the passion. Accept the delay and the brewing that's required. Accept it and rejoice in it.
There are about 170 references to “models” scattered throughout the 40 page document and Fraser points out that readers may get the impression when it comes to the “biopsychosocial model” that a rigorous and scientific approach has been taken, yet it may be argued that there is no coherent theory whatsoever behind that “model”.
Some interesting stats in this message. The Terry Fox organization
Here's what he had to say about it:
Watch and share the speech that could mark my imprisonment. Here is the Jewish supremacist Jewish Chronicle’s article spouting their same old hasbara.
Finally I came back inside after enjoying my cigarette and I went to bed…or tried to anyways. I had a lot on my mind. So much had happened and I was pretty sure this was only the beginning. I didn’t know what the future held for me. It had definitely been a long day…one which I was extremely glad was over… I slept….
The apparent length (in the direction of movement) of a moving object gets smaller as its speed approaches the speed of light… Since a photon travels always at the speed of light then it will always appear to have no length at all. This is, of course, whilst it is on the move…
This is the fourth in the Art of Research event series, the first of which took place in Helsinki 2005, and the first to be hosted by EMPIRICA, a research group based in the Department of Design, Aalto University’s School of Arts, Design and Architecture, working in co-operation with the university’s Department of Film, Television and Scenography.
9. Problem With Authority prod by Short Term the Crate Worm
1. I may not be able to own one, but I would ride one day on that Super Masculine, yet finest Harley-Davidson.
We anticipate the agreement will result in additional income to artists through reduction of administrative fees and expanded licensing services, and simplify the licensing processes for text and images.
400ml red wine (I used a decent red burgundy – and we drank the other half of the bottle)
Grace can speak with Sammy. She love Sammy as her daughter. Sue felt eerie to this old house. But Sue cannot go out this house because she have not money.
Breathe in the boneyard vapor
The Yakima River, in eastern Washington, is a world-class destination for catch and release trout fishing. Generally speaking, walking the Skyline Ridge Trail and fishing aren't done at the same time.
Size: one size
Step 3: Apply interfacing to the wrong side of 22" X 6 1/2" fabric. On the right side of this piece of the 22" X 6 1/2" fabric length, align the pocket to the bottom edge. Pin and baste the bottom and side edges. You are now ready to mark the crayon holder slots so be sure you've aligned and basted well.
As Congress and the White House squabble over lifting the debt ceiling limit, on April 22nd CNSnews reporrted that “Federal agencies reported improper payments estimated at $125.4 billion in fiscal year 2010, an increase of $16.2 billion from the $109.2 billion estimate in fiscal 2009, the Government Acountability Office said.” Fully 94% of those payments came from “social spending programs, including Medicare and Medicaid.” Maybe making a decent effort to stop wasting money would be a good idea?
Be there at W.A.R 2012 battlegrounds, the main field is at Senator Enage St. cor. Jones St., Tacloban City.
Just like everything in life, our relationship has not always come easy. We have worked hard to reach the point we are at today. One of the toughest times in our relationship was when Richard had to go away for basic training. Being away from each other was absolute torture for both of us. Although this was one of the most difficult times for us, it also made us truly appreciate one another more. It tested our love, devotion, and loyalty to each other. When Richard finally returned home we decided that there was nothing more we wanted than to spend the rest of our lives together. Nine months later, our love child, Alina Pembroke Sann was born.
, and that he wasn’t much for betting,
In a separate bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and nutmeg. Add half to the butter mixture, then add the buttermilk, combining well after each addition. Add the remaining flour mixture and stir until just evenly moistened - the batter will be lumpy.
Bang-less Bob
And so it is, the way it goes. The minute you make a decision to move to Seattle and start a business, Karen Kunc will call and offer you the moon. The minute you come to accept your limitations, the minute those limitations are thrown promptly out the window. The minute you truly believe you have things figured out is the minute you put your cat in the car again and tell her she's going to love Nebraska just as much this time as she did last time she visited. And you tell yourself that, too. Because you will. Because I will. Because this is the moon.
Some of the drugs that may cause decreased absorption are corticosteroids, colchicine, metformin, phenformin, omeprazol, colestipol, cholestyramine, methotrexate, 5-fluorouracil, tricyclic antidepressants, and slow-release potassium.
It was his turn to look confused. “I—I assumed you would no longer wish to associate with me, that knowing the truth you find me offensive now.”
I chose to set most of Shine on Sark for two reasons:
Sadly Manou and Patrice hung up their aprons (well Patrice anyway) and they sold the restaurant. This left the Filles without a permanent meeting place. Other alternatives were tried, other restaurants, going to each other’s houses and bringing a dish, but no permanent solution was found until finally Carole asked if I would like to host the evenings chez moi. And that’s how the Tuesday Night Supper Club began.
Once again she clutched her arms around him and closed her eyes. But this time she didn’t keep them closed for long, just the initial take off. The wind in her hair felt good.
Length: 15¼ miles/8 hours
8/19 Uncasville, CT- Mohegan Sun
Article 7 Manuscripts, originals, lawful publications, copyright registration certificates, certificates issued by a certification institution, contracts by which rights are obtained, as well as other relevant documents, rendered by a party, which involve copyright, may serve as evidence(s) where appropriate.
After a few foreplay more, Yoochun get between Junsu’s legs. Junsu blushing cutely and Yoochun can’t help but kiss those kissable and now swollen lips. Yoochun lift Junsu legs and put it on his shoulder.
Brand: Northern Tool & Equipment
¼ cup KRAFT sun-dried tomato dressing, divided
Today I would like to share with you a really simple card that I created for the Less is More challenge. The challenge was to use one layer include a heart and use minimal embellishments. Well I don't do well with one
-Pokemon
3. Uh-Oh. It looks like Brett Farve has been trying to rest his hands in another center’s crotch.
I've got some cool speaking gigs coming up over the next few months. I'm giving the keynote at a conference about participation and inclusion in Athletics next month. I'm giving the keynote at a Diversity event for the FBI in Washington DC. I'm speaking at a Women's Leadership Conference in PA. The CNN event we did in December is being posted to iTunesU so that'll be available shortly. I'm glad that I've been able to break out of the mold of being type-cast as simply another transwoman with an interesting story or an LGBT "activist" and am able to keep one foot in that space but also to speak to more mainstream groups about topics that are important to me.
“We’d like to talk with the Parks Department with regard to what could be done based on the amount of money that may be available,” Giordano said. He hoped that the first phase of the renovations to the reservoir would “attract more people and hopefully a lot of nature lovers.”
I have really missed blogging but like all of you I have been really busy.
We have a fenced irrigation pond on our property that we no longer use for irrigation.
But Jessica never found interest in Rachel's accomplishments. If it didn't embarrass or depress Rachel, Jessica seemed to have no desire to discuss it.
What it made me think is that often Go Slow and Do Less help me Accomplish a lot More.
3. Octavia Spencer, The Help – The words “eat my shit” are never really friendly, but Octavia Spencer belts them out like a declaration of war (which they are, in a way). “Sassy black woman” can be a stock character but every time I was afraid the character would veer into stereotype, Spencer undercut my expectations and grounded it in real character work.
This is one complicated story that can't be summed up in just a few sentences. I couldn't wait to read "The Forgotten Garden" because I loved Kate Morton's first book, "The House at Riverton." This story, however, just didn't do it for me. It was really long and the last half of the book dragged for me. The switches in time and place were somewhat confusing. There are many characters and I found it hard to keep track of all of them. Nell and Cassandra were my favorites, though, great characters.
He sees a child, holding his mother’s hand,
I love being a megalomaniac. Star City is slowly growing on a table set-up in my living room. The shape is definite; the names of roads and streets are still evolving. I am falling in love with the place and can’t wait to see the characters of the WIP walk about in it.
Next, it was time to mount all of the envelopes. I had to figure out how I wanted to organize the dies...by style, type, size, season, shape, etc.
“Mama. Can I have turkey now?”
After reading two of tomorrow’s articles for COMM506, both to do with networking, I found myself really contemplating the ways in which our world has changed, but also how it tends to stay the same. The tools that we use to maintain our networks and the modes that we network in have altered dramatically over the years, especially following the invention and subsequent growth of the internet and web usage. However, who we choose to keep in our network and how we group ourselves has remained similar to the days of the hunter gather societies.
Bodebrow Strong Scotch Ale Wee Heavy is 8 percent alcohol by volume. The beer won a gold medal at the Mondial de La Bierre in Montreal in 2011. The beer pours a reddish brown with a off white head. There is a nice caramelized malt base to this beer with just a faint hint of smoke in the background. The mouth feel is not as heavy as some other wee heavy Scotch ales on the market.
It is so awesome!
- I'm super excited for baseball season to get started. I'm feeling good about the Reds this season, and I think I'm going to be at a fever pitch for a good amount of the year. It'll be fun times. I'm very excited about Mat Latos.
Blue: Background Pattern Paper, Cardstock & Butterflies
The town of Auxerre has a population of 45,000 and I have to say that we really didn't know much about it at the time. It was on the way to somewhere else and that somewhere else was for a week in Dijon. The town sits overlooking the River Yonne where the department takes it name. It's actually not that far from Paris, only about 170 kms but of course we travelled much further than that to get this far. We were in fact travelling north again. It was an uneventful drive but later that night I had the most wonderful dinner but more about that later.
God, I hope this book wins the Carnegie.
Initially on a 3 month trial, with a view to a permanent position we hope.
Quiniece Sheppard
In summation:
In contrast, using Astro file manager, which also comes pre-loaded on the Acer Iconia Tab A200, was a breeze. Folders loaded up quickly and navigating through the interface was smoother than using the Clear-fi app.
Women who want to continue to breastfeed while going to work use a breast pump regularly during their work day to express their milk, keep their supply high, and provide bottles for their babies to drink while they're at daycare or wherever they are while mom is at work.
"Hi beautiful," Trevor said when Isadora opened the front door. She gave him a warm kiss as greeting, almost melting into his strong arms. Once settled in his rental car, she rattled off the directions without telling him the name of the restaurant.
What discussions have there been amongst the SPL clubs about such a scenario?
I've started using the "notes" feature on my iPhone so that I could remember details of some of the crazy stuff that's been going on in my life lately. Goodness knows that Swiss cheese-brain-pregnant woman is NOT going to remember any details.
“This isn’t ancient history. This happened during our lifetimes.”
If you have any styling questions of your own, feel free to shoot me an email at unusualform (at) gmail (dot) com. Who knows? You may see your own question answered here on the blog.
The interest on Unclaimed Property that my office is holding makes up a large portion of the assets in the Common School Fund. We are currently holding a little more than $391 million in unclaimed property at the State Treasurer’s office; property in the form of abandoned or forgotten funds.
Tip: Follow their lead as far as hours go and take breaks with colleagues to better know them. Not eating with your crew will put a big fat 'outsider' label on your back from day one and hinder your integration. If you don't dig eating with your colleagues every day, try to make it a point to go with them at least once a week so they don't get hard feelings.
I'm wondering if this person really meant to send me two gift cards in two separate packages. But the package has no return address, and I have no idea who this person is and I'm pretty much an emotional puddle at this point.
The 1920's were synonymous with sophistication and decadence;
‘Adrenaline junkies’ seemingly have an endless choice of activities to scare themselves shitless and provide hours of dull after dinner anecdotes to try and impress the ladies. Tip: It doesn’t.
This is part of our Eating Project. To check out where else we’ve eaten in the past 9 months, click here.
Happy Valentine’s day gooners.
your vibration.
Hop Jack IPA: (****) Cascade & Chinook hops we believe; thick mouth feel; bitter (American style); strong hop aromas; bitter, lingering aftertaste; sweet, crisp malt taste.
The clock is ticking down and the zombies are being pushed aside by crocuses, daffodils and the beginning of spring. Lunch was indeed the same as last night’s dinner. Dinner was the last of the crab panang curry with broken up lasagna noodles. Not as good as rounded pasta noodles but I had one and a half boxes of the stuff and have had it forever.
I hope you like these few doodles from my "archives":
Make sure you iron your napkins before, and it helps if they have a light starch on them.
2. Health - There is more to this goal than the obvious eat better, exercise more. I find myself getting sick pretty often - not down and out sick, but I frequently catch colds and almost always have a runny nose. I eat pretty well, exercise regularly and usually get a decent amount of sleep. So, this year I am going to try to see a wellness doctor to try to build my immune system and just be healthier. Oh yeah - I will also try to eat better and exercise more!
eyes cast down, staring at the green-gray
I am doing these two together for a couple reasons. First, as many CiM testers have verified, they look to be essentially the same color, even though the formulas are different. Second, they both have some serious issues that make them unusable for me particularly. These are also the colors I asked Kim to help me with, and she agrees that they are problematic.
‘Just joie de vivre.”
“Sure!” said my brother Joseph, Pete, and I in unison.
Baby is now the size of: An ear of corn and a little over 1 lb.
In keeping with tradition, the Santiago couple invited Imelda Marcos, Heart Evangelista, Edgardo Angara, and Mar Roxas – something old, something new, something borrowed, and something blue.
I have not (yet) needed an icebreaker to get to a Princes Street Hogmanay party, nor have I required heavy artillery to defend myself while there. The gentle warmth of that ocean current ensures the seas off Western Scotland remain a balmy 12 degrees C in the depths of December, and this I know for a fact for I have donned scuba amidst snow flurries on the deck of a fishing trawler in the waters off Oban in the week before Christmas and plunged into the depths just for the sheer hell of it.
A leading South African scientist has warned that gross underinvestment in water management has left it at risk of a cholera outbreak.
What emerged was incredibly beautiful. In my own mind after a pause in the dialogue, I started a conversation with myself.
To help create a clear picture of exactly what your subscribers want from your email campaign, try adding a survey to one (or several) of your upcoming newsletters. Use these tips to make sure you’re getting the most from your questionnaire.
- Paperback (£1995)
Put the tart into the oven, set the timer for 30 minutes and went off to do other things around the house (usual day off stuff...laundry, changing sheets, dishes, catch up on my blog reading, etc.) After what seemed like a good while I went into the kitchen to see how much time was left on the times. What I saw was "End". I guess I never heard the beeper go off! I yanked open the oven door, expecting to see a burnt mess, but the tart didn't look bad at all. I stuck a knife into the center and it came out with some streaks of chocolate. So, I lucked out. Seems a fair number of bakers had to bake their tarts longer than the recipe stated. I guess I did the same, without realizing it. :D
With a major film releasing every week or fortnight, Bollywood fans have something to look forward to. Theatres are still running to packed houses, with no dearth in movie buffs. At the same time, the stadiums too are full, depending on the teams playing. It seems like this year, there’s no confusion amongst the fans – they are having the best of both worlds!
And the fall of dew.
We got in the tent and Addison saw the train... she was in awe. Her sweet little eyes couldn't stay still. She kept saying "Mommy, look! A piggy twain." We got on the train and the entire ride took about 2 minutes, but we rode it twice. I was so worried about her flipping out when we got off, but she did ok. We got her, her very own Priscilla (which sleeps with her to this day in her big girl bed).
For the youngun’s to practice paddling.
Fireflies that danced gaily and lit up a covert stream
It pours an orangey amber (presumably from the annatto?), and the aroma is very clearly cocoa. We didn’t pick up any chillies in the taste, but Brian, Fiona and I all thought it exhibited both M&Ms and Skittles-style fruit flavours. Fiona found it “sour and thin” over all, and I’d agree.
Have feathers of a rainbow.
The new case in U.S. District Court, Northern District of California, is Apple Inc v. Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, et a 12-00630.
Also, we have many tours right now that are less than five people. If a tour doesn't get five people signed up, it will not run. It takes a lot of time to keep everything going smoothly, and it's hard to keep everything straight with a lot of tours with less than five people on them.
Parts I and II of this series of pauses are found on this blog for the Tuesdays March 16 and March 23. They list the 10 posts on the Tarot Suit of Swords, the Tarot Suit of Pentacles, and a few reviews looking at trends in the SFR and PNR fields of Romance.
the simpler country chairs.
guess not. Today will be spent running around like a madwoman preparing for my pup's return from the vet hospital - complete leg reconstruction number four took place yesterday, and bionic dog had to stay overnight - and making a large batch of bone shaped cookies for The Man to say a big thank you for giving my dog a brand new leg via his credit card. And maybe finding some lacy knickers that don't leave large indentations on my thighs with the weight I've gained recently...still, I'll work on those cookies first, I think. (can't tell why this added blubber is creeping up on me...)
I hope they enjoyed terrorizing my family.
Happy Summers to All(Honestly I hate summers but after all its a season so trying to enjoy it)
Right after the mortgage meltdown, it was very difficult to obtain a mortgage. It is still not especially easy, and I find that some buyers have credit scores that either prohibit them from getting a mortgage or make it difficult to get a good rate.
Then the end. Mary thinks it’s Kenny at the door to pick up his left behind t-shirt, but nope. It’s her dad (played by Stephen Lang)! He says he’s in trouble and has come to her. Mary says she’s pictured this moment a million times, but it always ends the same. What is the end? Well he goes in for a hug, but Mary goes in and cuffs him while reading him his rights instead. Wow!
** P.S. I will not be reordering these shirts. I have a very limited stock and will try to
Showy evening primrose is doing a little too well, and I ripped out half of that. Now that he's very established, and in an idea situation, according to the experts, he better be covered in blooms or he's gone this time next year. Too invasive.
Home to leave my troubles in the graveyard
I've been trying to get to the place across the street, TEPATITLAN (put it on a Spelling B) for a few months, but I haven't been in the area. It was a cold rainy Monday (brrrrr) and I'd just come from the dentist.
I want to be the owner of your love.
mighty deliverance!
"HALLMARK ENTERTAINMENT" WESTERN
Stamps: Penguin by Whipper Snapper
AS LOCAL CONDITIONS CAN CAUSE A WIDE VARIATION IN TSUNAMI WAVE
1/2 tbsp olive oil
But strictly speaking there is no real dualism here, because there is a clearly defined hierarchic relationship between the two principles. In itself of course the Receptive is just as important as the Creative, but the attribute of devotion defines the place occupied by this primal power in relation to the Creative. For the Receptive must be activated and led by the Creative; then it is productive of good. Only when it abandons this position and tries to stand as an equal side by side with the Creative, does it become evil. The result then is opposition to and struggle against the Creative, which is productive of evil to both.
Our army foil’d with loss severe, and the sullen remnant retreating,
There’s always going to be another mountain
Number 1 – Steve Gullick
People also obtain a chance an opportunity to discuss regarding these commodities within the forums. This enables manufacturer tend to be sellers to obtain firsthand info and suggestion from clients. Information for example where the things are moreover sold as well as their cost can also be provided.
So I've seen a couple of movies this week.
Exploring other areas of writing, I had an article published in ‘My Child’ magazine where I discussed my imperfect parenting skills, and I also had an article ‘An Unexpected Gift’ published in ‘The Breakthrough Intercessor’ magazine in America, where I wrote about healing prayer.
Well, the Tribe is off to festival and I thought I would share with you the rigors of cloth diapering in the wood.
It is difficult to know how the exact form might come out, but when it is all fulfilled, you will see it is exactly the way it was predicted. If men, however, try to do something before the time when God wants it to be done, then it simply will not work. That was the attempt of Julian the Apostate. He wanted to build the temple to prove that Christ was wrong when He said that one stone would not be left upon another. Julian commanded the Jews to begin building their temple, and they began building. It is a very well-authenticated historical fact, found in several of the early Church historians, that they would build, and at night everything would fall down, and everyone would see balls of fire coming out of the earth. Nowadays historians say they must have been digging oil wells or something. Obviously there was something there preventing this project from going on, and they finally gave up. Then Julian himself was killed, and the whole thing came to nothing The times were not ripe for that to happen, so it could not happen. Of course, today the times are much more ripe for that.
My hearing and tongue are come to me, (a little child taught me,)
﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿Beating myself up about that and my onstage question I just convinced myself that I had no chance in winning let alone getting runner-up. So when it came time for them to announce the winners I was in absolute shock when they announced me for THREE out of the six different awards! THREE! I ended up winning the Kroj competition, the private interview and also the heritage award. I could have won four of the awards as we tied for miss congeaneality but then when we re-voted the other girl won. The newly crowned queen had won only two of the awards and the other girl had won the miss congeneality award.
BusyBusy-talktalk.
I’m so sorry you’re worried about what happens in my bedroom. Your deep concerns make me wonder:
But, there was one other matter that was accomplished yesterday which has needed doing for a while. At PantheaCon–or, rather, in the days before it, a number of things occurred, parts of which had “homework” or tasks to do for the future. One of these was specifically given to me by the goddess Hathor, and I mentioned that (and some others) briefly here. I had completed the homework that Rachel Pollack had given me (also mentioned in that previous post) almost a month ago, and had done the “first part” of the Hathor homework not long after I arrived back from PantheaCon. (Actually, it was in early March, but anyway…) The second part of it, however, was that I had to read/perform what I had written somewhere in nature that was prominent; when I asked if Mt. Erie would be all right, I was told yes. So, I did what was asked of me as part of our peregrinations yesterday. I don’t know if it will “work,” or whether or not it will take a long time to come into its proper effect, but it has been done, and at least that’s something, and will be useful for the future.
The other one was much less smart, but was highly political and great fun to be around.
Genesis 10:10--The label is what attracted me the most, I'll admit it. The beverage description did its part to add to the seduction: "brewed with our chosen specialty malts, hops, brewers yeast and pomegranate juice." Yes, pomegranate juice.I figured, what the heck, I'm a modern Catholic who's hip to the new wave of Jewish-Catholic relations, at least, insofar as it means drinking a beer brewed by "He'brew - The Chosen Beer" company (Schmaltz Brewing Company). The brew is called Genesis 10:10 - which reads, speaking of Nimrod, "The beginning of his kingdom was Babel and Erech and Accad and Calneh, in the land of Shinar." I'm sure the meaning of this verse in correlation to the beer's name becomes clearer and clearer the further into the bottle you get. The color is a deep shade of red. It almost looks like wine if you're not paying attention. A fair bit of lacing, and a nice creamy head tops it off.It's not too bad, but I doubt I'd buy it again. The promised pomegranate flavor is there, but its very subtle, and gets quickly overpowered by the boat-load of hops bitterness. Actually, by "pomegranate" I mean generic fruity-ness; it's not readily distinguishable as pomegranate juice. The malt is pretty overpowering as well, which makes for a slightly bitter aftertaste. Hard to describe this one, frankly, because it keeps changing the more it warms up. The fruit becomes much more pronounced the warmer this beer gets. Very interesting. I would drink it again if someone offered it to me. But I probably wouldn't spend money on it again.
Yet the Parliament has voted already for the ACTA treaty without me knowing!
So yesterday, I stopped eating bread to see if that will help the stomach cramps etc and although they have lessened, they are still prevalant so I’m wondering whether after a week of no bread, I can completely exclude sugar too.
I don’t know how normal people typically respond to grocery ads, but in our house, we treat them like they’re letters from N*Sync-era Justin Timberlake. Or maybe Friends with Benefits JT? We’ll take either. But yes, come Wednesday afternoons, we scurry around the dinner table, searching the papers like treasure maps. To preface this elaborately short story, Judy and I have been experiencing wildly chaotic food cravings ever since we started turning into meatheads. AKA, we’re ravenous. At all times of the day. So you can only imagine what it’s like when we peruse the food-porn. We also have a deeply-seeded problem with too much food inventory. Our fridge and pantry suffer what I can only assume China and India are experiencing population-wise. We hear the cabinets groaning with fatigue as we make an overly extensive shopping list and reluctantly decide to scour through the slums, searching for any usable ingredients.
Just submitted my forms to JAWI Labuan last week and I should be able to collect the approval letter by this Friday. Pray that all goes well for I will need that letter allowing me to marry outside of Labuan for further submission to JAWI KL along with dearest's application. Hoo~~~ Last minute last minute last minute! I should have done this last month! too late!!! ;P
Few, I suspect, if any, would want to live in a country where basic freedoms are not protected with the full force of law.
All items will start showing up in the shop late tonight/early Saturday AM. I'd love to hear your feedback/thoughts on the new look and perhaps your favorite product.
One great demonstration of evidence a psychic can give is to accurately provide the name of a total strangers deceased loved one. As a big fan of the tv shows Sensing Murder, I have been very impressed with the accuracy of psychic Deb Webber who appeared in the Australian and New Zealand versions of the show. She consistently gets accurate information about the victim in the cases, relating to both letters and numbers. When I realised that I was failing to provide this imformation to my sitters, I realised I had to develop a system whereby spirits can point to a certain letter or number to help me spell out their name or date of birth / death. I have only been trying to do this for a few weeks so far and already I incredibly got the first 3 letters of someones name in a reading. I initially had guessed the entire name, but was incorrect. After several wrong guesses, all of which had started with the same 3 letters, I moved on, but could not let it go and came back to it later. The sitter then confirmed that the nick name by which this person was known did in fact start with these 3 letters. I could not have been more thrilled and will continue to develop this aspect of my ability.
Once we left the cafe we went next door to a paper/craft store. I don’t feel like giving the details but it was nice. We were comfortable together. Once we were done there we went down the block to a tuxedo/wedding gown shop. We joked around, made fun, and then left. It was comfortable.
Frickin' poison. How I pray that my son will finally be able to purge that crap out of his body. Synthetic opiate or not, how I long for my son to be free of drugs of any kind. I can only watch, and feel sorrow for what he's going through.
Ghosting is how I got my break in publishing. I was serving my apprenticeship in
Finish off, weave end and pull tight.
May 2012: Savey misses her sister on a rainy afternoon.
Sometimes there's just nothing cool to post so you have to go back in time to when your favorite grinding crusty hardcore band broke up and started a new band called Tragedy. If you haven't heard this, than A) what the fuck, bro?, and B) prepare for a metric shit ton of darkly-hewn melodic d-beat crust on this debut LP, which I still think is their best. How many generic-ass bands all over the world are trying to sound like this now? A zillion? Why even fucking bother?
Well this is my last video of the expansion its a lot later than we would have like but we didn’t get started as a guild until late January so we were far behind the curve. But I hope everyone enjoys it.
- Don't judge me because I sin different than you
I’m in love with this pink roses bouquet dress. How lovely for the holidays? The downside? $118. Sorry, I just don’t have that kind of discretionary cash to spend on an almost three-year old. But a girl can dream, right? (If I knew how to sew, I fancy I could make something similar)
Early Bird admission with $5.00 cash donation to Southeastern Brain Tumor Foundation in honor of Peyton McCormick at 3:30 p.m.
I hope that the first thing you did was to have a conversation with your agent about what is bothering you, to give her a chance to address the problem.
405 E.7th Street
When I pulled OPI Y'all Come Back Hear from my stash and set it next to Kate, they looked quite similar.
Justin R: will you go out with me?
Peter Schiff: I would not hold my gold in the United States. I would be afraid that the U.S. might decide to seize it for an emergency. So if I was Germany, I would ask for all of my gold to be returned from the Fed, and I would buy as much gold as I could in the open market.
Kontiki
There seem to be a never ending litany of 'Beer is bad for you' stories which the press are quite happy to lap up. Even The Independent has given space to an article headed 'Binge drinking is why women can't read maps, say scientists.'
So, don't worry about people from your past,
This week we've been getting ready to go to San Diego for the Good Vibrations Unschooling conference. Holly and I are going, and meeting Kirby at the airport in San Diego on Thursday.
$0-20k a year, reduce to 2% individual, 2% employer (4% total, plus 2.9% for Medicare).
As Projection but the caster's entire mind is actually sent out from his body, leaving the body comatose and helpless (the caster cannot sense anything from his original body, including pain or touch). The projection can fly at a rate of 8", Climb 0 and may freely pass through all solid objects. The caster can see and hear everything through his projection. If the caster wishes the projection may "manifest" taking the form of the caster himself and becoming visible (although not tangible). While manifested the caster may speak or use Powers through the projection although they suffer a multi-action penalty since the projection still demands an action every round to maintain. Powers cast through the projection cost double the normal number of power points. The projection is immune to physical harm but since the caster's mind is truly present at that location it may be targeted by purely mental effects or powers. If the caster's body is killed while projecting then they will die (although they might be more likely to leave a ghost behind).
The following foods shall be included to help you quickly shed the bad fats in the stomach, as reported by the Livestrong.
The future is so full of naps and the fleeting chase for the ultimate personal goal".
After all of the above has been completed, a confirmation e-mail containing a code will be send to you. With this code you can pick up your own ISEEJANEMARY print on the 10th of march 2012 at the Chabot museum in Rotterdam, as well as see yourself as part of the whole.
I sometimes think we as moms should be crowned the "Queens of Delayed Gratification," don't you? It's OK, though, I know full well that I am truly blessed to be a mom and I know someday I won't be this busy and I'll probably miss all the craziness.
Key objective three in the NATM strategic plan is to focus on regulation and legislation. To be successful in the regulatory environment, NATM must be proactive rather than reactive on regulatory issues. Light- and medium-duty trailer manufacturers often find themselves trying to comply with a regulation that was actually intended for cars or light trucks. According to the U.S. Department of Transportation, “Motor vehicle means a vehicle, machine, tractor, trailer, or semitrailer propelled or drawn by mechanical power used on highways…” So the challenge for our government affairs committee is to educate legislators and regulators about the differences between trailers and cars to ensure trailers are not inadvertently included in new regulations that don’t relate to trailer safety.
5. Social Intelligence: Social Intelligence (SI) is measured by your ability to persuade, influence, connect – in short to lead a meaningful life connecting with others and applying your skills to match your values. Defining Social Intelligence is tricky as it encompasses so much of what we express, of our world view, and our interpersonal values. SI is definitely based in people skills. And it’s much bigger as it encompasses our capacity to understand and exude our values in all dimensions of living. We define SI as:
I can remember a time not that long ago when the sport was dominated by athletes from the U.S., Germany, Britain and Russia. In Daegu we are witnessing the rest of the world catch up. France had two men in the 100 final, so did Grenada in the 400 final. Botswana won the women’s 400 for the first time. Brazil the women’s pole vault. The French team appears to be growing, as does the Cuban team – look for both to make a serious impact by meets end. And the biggest little country in the world of track and field just might be Kenya. We often complain about the various problems in the sport, but it seems that diversity isn’t one of them.
Many parallels exist between the dynamics of human intelligence and its machine ‘counterpart,’ artificial intelligence, albeit on different timelines. To survive, they both must evolve. Both humans and computers need energy to function. And therefore they both depend on their environments for life support. Artificial intelligence was designed by humans, so it could be said that humans created computers “in their own image!”
Case in point, a couple of years ago I joined a league with a bunch of people at Gia's former job. I didn't know any of them, but I did it as a favor to her and her friend who ran the league.. Because I didn't know any of them, it was more difficult for me to engage them in trades or what-not. Then I was able to convince one of them to complete a trade with me (it was actually his suggestion) late in May. Like all my trade offers, I thought it would help both of our teams. I'm never one of those guys looking to rip someone off. I hate that. But I hate being accused of it even more. Which is exactly what happened in this case. Not by the guy I was dealing with, but another owner. This league had a veto rule. If half the league vetoed a trade, it wouldn't go through. Initially, this one owner was the only one who vetoed it. Then he started an email protest campaign against it and me, convincing the other owners in the league that I was ripping off the other guy and that it was THE WORST TRADE IN THE HISTORY OF FANTASY BASEBALL!!! I wasn't even the one who initiated the trade in the first place, yet I was the asshole here. So he convinced the rest of the league to nix the trade. Whatever. But at the end of the year, he posted a note on the league message board that we were all saps. The trade he got vetoed was fair...beyond fair. He just didn't want to see it happen for whatever reason. He thought that was real funny that he was able to do that. I told him it made him look like a little bitch. He wasn't happy with that. Whatever. I wasn't re-upping for the next year anyway and Gia was leaving that job. So fuck that guy. Anyway, that's one of the reasons why I don't like being in leagues with people I don't know. Ya know?
He put them on as he crawled into bed. Just before he fell asleep he told me he wanted the goggles off his eyes but on his head still. So he slept in them just like this all night.
"Well.....I'll put something on the jukebox, have a few peanuts, finish up my drink and I'll see!"
3. Whatever happened to PIIPA's 2005 Survey - and to what use will the 2006 Survey be put?
But as a teacher, I think it’s important to tap into that refreshing optimism that breezes through the crisp January air and breathes new energy into weary spirits. It is a chance to clear the clutter of Christmas and set minds and hearts on new goals for the months ahead. Our grade eights, for example, will begin the process of planning graduation and their educational path for high school. Our grade sevens will take on the task of preparing to write their first set of exams– a milestone accomplishment for them. And so the list goes for each classroom. New opportunities, new goals, and new experiences are before us all regardless of the grade.
The finale jumps ahead to Jamie’s basketball game at Tree Hill. The entire cast is in the crowd, cheering him on, including the grown up versions of Lydia, Logan and the twins. In a typical One Tree Hill voiceover, the show once again flashes back to a teenage Nathan shooting a basketball, Haley watching Lucas’s game and Brooke cheering with Peyton. The last line Is from an old episode. It couldn’t have ended better.
That is loneliness
The most expensive doll in existence is called L’Oiseleur, which means the Bird Trainer. Measures four-foot tall and is a automated figure, dressed in renaissance clothing that plays the flute and also carries a sword and holds a pair of birds that sing. What adds to the doll’s value is the fact that it doesn’t need batteries or motors but works by a system of cogs and gears. It is worth noting that this doll took more than 15,000 hours to build out of 2,340 polished steel parts. The original budget was a paltry $400,000, but costs for precious materials, dressmakers, sculptors, jewelers, wig-makers, and other specialists spiraled out of control. To raise the money, Bailly sold more than a hundred 19th century automatons he’d collected over 40 years. Now, he’s looking for one good buyer
I had an issue with the character of Detective Thayer. First of all, he was a complete (*&$@*&. And as far as I know, police officers wouldn't treat witnesses that weren't suspects like garbage. If they were being interrogated as a suspect, sure, but these were just kids. And I know it's just my personal opinion, but I didn't care for the way the police were portrayed in this novel. I feel it was just used as a plot device so the book could end the way it did. And I would share that with you, but no spoilers, so...I just felt it was a cheap way out.
Thanks to everyone for playing this week. Join us next Wednesday for another exciting edition of Pause Ponder and Pun.
My broken pieces
I am, thankfully, proficient at all other bathroom requirements. 'Nough said about that!
One woman who I have worked with on a volunteer basis for a few years recently responded to a message I sent her. In her response, she asked about my family. I told her about Michael and about the recent death of my dad. A week has gone by and she hasn't responded, even though I've seen posts of hers on Facebook.
The last paragraph of the paper is equally disappointing, raising a question that should be so obvious to any philosopher as to not even need asking. I’ll just quote the last three sentences:
But if there's anything really "romántica" about Chavez's fourth, it's probably the second movement. The first violins languidly offer the same melody the English horns started the whole symphony with, but they use it to kick off a luscious, polyphonic rhapsody for all the strings:
FujiFilm has been applied to people who are looking for style, portability, and in order to facilitate the use of the digital camera. If you fit the description, like Fuji Z1.
-dismissal of 50,000 public employees in 2012
Last weekend I visited this market for a variety of reasons – including buying some “new” secondhand clothes to revamp my wardrobe. As I wandered through the market I came across these two different petty traders; because each of these individuals had something that I may need at some point, I had a good entry point for an in-depth interaction with each of them, to understand what they do. During my interactions, I observed a huge business potential based on the high number of people who visit Owino market every day. I also realized that for someone to tap into this opportunity, they must have sufficient capital. Most petty traders do not have adequate capital and can not turn to formal financial institutions because they do not meet current requirements to access credit.
"Through hypnotism, of course," he answered. "I could turn the mind of a subject back through the deep strata of instinct bequeathed to him by his ancestors, inducing him to relive them as if they were a part of his own experience, until we had discovered whether there was or was not an Atlantean layer. Why, we might even settle the mooted question of whether mental traits can be inherited!"
“Not from her point of view.”
Bridesmaid's rhinestone tanks
Shredded lettuce
Qualities: Cold, Dry
My thoughts now:
In the real world, away from the gilded environs of the City, the tragedy is that tens of thousands of jobs have gone. Crucial skills have been lost — probably for good. And the strategic heart of British manufacturing has been ripped out, which affects our ability to climb out of recession.
When you want to love
Today, he didn’t have a nightmare again. Yoochun wake up with confuse.
being the "model" when Talia was showing us the lay of the land,
And you know I love you
Write a comedy story involving at least 2 out of the following:
From my piece last month - Time We All Took the Self from Self-Publishing. This is a large enough chunk from it, but in light of this posting and its context – I believe it to be highly relevant:
How have you spent your morning?
My parents never really gave me "the talk". When I was probably around ten years old, they gave me a few books. I remember my dad suggesting that me and my mom read them together, and I hated that idea. I was mortified at the thought. Those books sat around growing dust for quite awhile, but eventually, I read them. By myself.
When we arrive at the top of the giant bowel above the stark emerald-coloured lake the wind is biting. Sophie and I opt to take the steep, hour-long descent to the bottom of the volcanic crater.
A: Two. One to change it and another to tell the press about the experience.
But lucky for me Jay is very playful and is quite content to be indoors playing rugby or chasing the cat (which is great for me and him, but not so good for the cat).
All my papers are from the Basic Grey PB&J 6x6 pad. Sentiment is from the SSD Grunge set. Rolled flower was cut with an MFT die. Pearls are all SU. My "scallops" are left-over suede-paper Quatrefoils from making this background on my Silhouette. I have a pile of them on my desk:
On the needles, well, what can I say? The pink scarf is growing slowly, a few repeats each night. I have cast on the Multnomah and then stopped, to be picked up again tomorrow on my train ride between bases. The crochet mega blanket - well that is as was. I did finish the garter stitch cardigan from last time, blogged about earlier in the last post I think? And the socks - they are still hiding in their project bag.
p.s. we would like to thank our customers who allowed us to film them today and apologize for any inconvenience the taping created.
33. Despise You - Extinction By Design
Yield: 10 servings
Some are arrested for ‘being witnesses to other incidents, one was arrested for crimen injuria’which he denies took place. What they all have in common is that they were put in holding cells with large crowds of hardened black criminals who then preceded to gang-rape them. Some of these men also reported that the black police egged these rapists on to rape them… to ‘teach the white man a lesson’.
- Black pipe cleaner
Beautiful card, love the soft pink, black, and white together. For more details about this card please visit Diana's blog.
See Jason Jones’s home promotion in Sedan Kansas this coming Saturday
Fortunately, that was also the only blog post I ever published on that WordPress site since I moved back to Blogger after all the frustrations. Even so, I still went into a frenzy trying to remove the blog.
Then, I split them into groups, gave them chart paper and markers, and let them 'draw' two things to compare from the slips of paper in my hands. (The group below got shirt and pants, which in hindsight was pretty difficult- but they did great!)
Mommy loves you! You are Mommy's little valentine.. I wish you were here so I could give you so many kisses. You're too little for the chocolate kind, although I bet your sweet little teeth that are growing would chomp on them happily! Yes you would baby, you would think chocolate was so sweet and yummy! You would have to settle just for Mommy kisses though. Gram bought you a pink teddy bear for Valentine's Day. She bought the same one for your cousins Will and Aaron in the brown color. I put your K Bib on the bear and I've been snuggling with it on the couch all week. I bought you a little pink puppy since pink puppies make us think of you. Then I found a Mommy pink puppy and a Daddy brown puppy with a pink heart and I just had to have the family of 3 puppies! Daddy fussed at Mommy and said we had too many puppies! But then he bought another one for Mommy anyway since he knows I love anything that reminds me of our little princess.. that's YOU! The most beautiful little pink princess. I wish I could set you up between all your pink puppies for a picture. You would be six months old and just sitting up by yourself~! If you fell, it would be ok because you would land on the pink puppies and they are soft like clouds in heaven! Are you six months old where you are, baby girl? Or are you a newborn baby forever and ever? Remember Katie, Mommy doesn't understand what it's like where you are. You will have to tell me sometime.
My mother was born in 1932 to Tiny Fitzhough Cartwright. Granma Tiny
So this is my New Beginning, I intend to mark my existence in the Internet, I see many doing this, I want to be part of the people that need to say something. 2012 year for change, lets make it happen. LOVE PEACE AND HAPPINESS TO ALL!!!
In the commotion, Mini seizes the opportunity and forces Viren to kidnap her and makes him drive them off in the waiting vehicle. The spunky Mini makes a deal with Viren that he will follow her instructions and will demand a ransom of Rs 10 lakh from her father. He can then have his Rs 60,000 and she will keep the rest as she does not want to go back home and get married. While the ransom letter goes to Mini’s father, the couple enter into someone’s home and try to make ends meet. In the process, they fall in love and are happy being with each other. The story takes a twist when Mini’s fiance Sunny along with her father comes to pay the ransom amount but actually fools them and starts firing, hoping to take Mini back. Suddenly, Mini and Viren are kidnapped by another person and taken away to the Chowdhary’s haveli.
Kira’s and L’s arc was the best! Everything about it was just so awesome. I loved the fact that they were both sworn enemies and their only and best friend. The arcs after this do not even come close to how good this was. The part where Kira revealed his plan (when he lost his memory) was like wow. that was genius. The only part that I disliked was the ending. Not that it wasn’t good but I wanted the opposite of what happened. But you can’t have everything.
Hi, everyone. Today's post comes to you with the sponsorship of Bleugh, God of Making People's Eyeballs Fall Out, who has been gleefully tormenting me since Tuesday. I've managed to keep my peepers in my skull thus far, but it was touch and go a few times.
My question is this, how or why would a 10 year old know that he didn’t have a birth certificat and that it would cost £3.50 (?) for a repalcement.
“It sounds like an airplane going by,” says Fox. It has been detected in the Atlantic as well as the Pacific, but always from the south, indicating an Antarctic origin.
If you haven't ever gotten to see the Laughing Stock Company, here is one version of this skit.
Graham Masterton – Rug
all the details are also on the Unity Blog today.
You licked my wounds
Winds are two twenty at fifteen gusting thirty; cleared for take-off runway two six right...
Bill and Victoria, her parents, are obviously committed to raising awareness about and funding research for SMA and helping families who are torn apart by this horrible disease, but to understand the significance of their offer to help us in this cause is to understand something fundamentally beautiful about the human spirit that I think is forever forged out of being the parent of a child who is disabled.
Lyrical content can vary from the mundane subjects of work, love and break up themes that all pop and country music spews out, to the far more personal subjects of poverty, rising above oppression to a state of freedom and being treated like shit by city dwellers the moment they open their mouths when they come to Bangkok to seek a better life.
It's going to be a busy winter. I have my holiday concert on November 27th, and all the December harp events that I love, PLUS I'll be writing. Writing and writing and writing. I'm a little shy about sharing details of my story project, but maybe as it all forms and flows, I'll overcome my shyness and take you on part of the journey with me.
MASH-TUN WASH OFF - 'At present there is no proper wash-off for cleaning out bottom of mash tuns after false bottom plates are taken up, all washings having to be brushed through the 4" wort draw-off cock.' This is very unsatisfactory, and I have recommended the cutting of one 9" hole in each mash-tun and same to be fitted with plug.'
Looking for locomotives
And then the boys come back from sea, they have a piss-up in the factory and they try to gang-rape her. In the song to the Steersman they're egging him on, as their leader, to do the deed. Remember that nostalgic first song he had in act 1? Everything now is inside-out and upside-down. The ghost ship chorus - beamed in by amplification from somewhere offstage (a bit of a pity soundwise) comes to Senta's aid and scares everyone off, but the event pushes her over the edge and, exhausted and already dead within, she breaks a beer bottle and stabs herself with it. She is destroyed by the society in which she lives. Jonathan Kent shows us the death of a soul.
In case you have a friend who needs encouraging in the same way mine does today, here is the verse digi that I made to use on my card. Just right-click on it to save it to your computer, and you should be able to print and use it like any other digi. :-)
The hat was still (by some miracle) on my head and I still had my shoes and the packet in one hand and, grasped firmly in my other hand, was my now very wet and very dead cell phone.
Salt Lake City 06 May 2012
Well, even if they’re a little broken, that’s alright
England’s incidents of smallpox after vaccination rose steadily from five percent in the beginning to 95% by 1895. There was even a serious epidemic around 1872, one year after smallpox vaccinations were decreed mandatory in the UK. The mortality rate among smallpox victims also shot up five fold around that time.
What are your plans after graduation?
There are many reasons to buy various publicly traded companies — but what they report in their balance sheets ain’t one of them.
This would mean that an average 49% of the three constitutional bodies say spending cuts while 51% want higher taxes. This would translate to $590.891 billion in spending cuts and $615.009 billion in new taxes (in annual terms). If you do the math, that would result in $3.138109 trillion revenue and $3.138109 trillion spending - a balanced budget.
Now get to hopping....
Saturday evening we went to a fun birthday for our friend and we had a nice time!
S: I have a minidisc recorder, and I like to make sounds longer and reverse them. I also lived in Sweden from two to nine years old. This was before the internet, so I used to record tapes and send them to my grandparents back in Iceland. Like, “Hello, Grandma. I’m playing!” Now I’ve put a lot of those tapes on CD. I used a clip from them at the beginning of the first song, “Good Morning Scarecrow.” My mom is asking me to sing and I’m saying “Nei, ég get ekki sungid!” (No, I can’t sing!) and then I count the song off “einn, tveir, thrír…” (one, two, three…).
Despite all my prayers and supplications, it was apparent early this morning that Northwest Arkansas' first snow event of the year was not going to me much of a snow event at all. The grass and the cars were covered, but the snow melted almost instantly on the parking lot. The weatherman was nonchalant about the whole thing: "You might take it easy on bridges and overpasses." Rogers was having school. Springdale was having school. Nothing indicated that attempting to drive to work would be any more suicidal than it is on any other day. It would not be a significant snow event.
low-income women despite a new state rule that bans affiliates of abortion providers, a U.S. appeals court ruled on
There were three others guys from a cleaning crew. One must have said something because the four stopped. spoke to him and stayed near him even when the cleaning guy backed up.
I wrote this blog entry a while ago and then I somehow forgot about it :/ I'm sorry my blog is so boring at the moment. My life is boring since I moved to my home town *cough* leper colony *cough* but I hope it gets better now that University started! YAY education ^^
The west and its banking elite have nothing left to plunder other than middle class pension funds and incomes, so it is relying on countries in the east and south in order to refill its sadly diminishing coffers.
If members of the far left, Unite against Fascism and others think that the EDL is ‘really a fascist and racist group’, then what should we care what these people think about it? The fact is if in the EDL’s announcements, publicity, etc. it does not make fascist or racist comments, then who is the Socialist Workers Party/UAF alliance to tell us ‘what it really believes’?
A notebook is another good thing to wear. It is possible to write and take notes about things you have seen.
Lovers all around me falling in love
A good shake of cayenne pepper
In all, this was a nicely paced episode of Game of Thrones; there was still more than enough going on to move the story forward, but nuance was not lost in a sea of dialogue. Each of the players grows stronger by the week, and the Lannister hold on the throne is slowly slipping. War is definitely coming, although it is not entirely clear who will be on whose side when the battle finally starts, and this is what makes Game of Thrones so fascinating and compelling to watch.
*Eat less processed foods
C is for Cathedral; I walk past one almost every day that is near where I live. It’s only a five minute walk away from my front door. You can even see it from my bedroom window. I was going to take a picture and post it on this post but my camera is really bad and it doesn’t show up well.
Ruth: I've used papers and image from Pretty Sweet - she's been coloured with Promarkers and liquid pearls and I've added swirls with seed beads!
He likes to shake people.
Crowded House Wheather with you NZ
And you’ll get the fruit of love, we call it matrimony.
To use:
the arrogant no of pretention and prominent petty apathy
Seemed to be laden in her meagreness,
clinging to each other
As we carry our precious cargo home enthusiastic sharing ensues. Ideas about egg dishes, soups, salads, savory meats rubbed with herbs are cheerily blurted. Senses stimulated with the sights, sounds, smells, textures, and tastes of the edibles enrich our food experience even as they will soon invigorate our bodies.
N: I just had one too. It was terrible, isn’t it?! Especially when my scalp was ripped off my head! It was so painful!! (＞。☆) I thought I would die! Then the new scalp was glued onto my head! Felt horrible!!! (/;ﾟﾛﾟ)/ Then I was tied up with a big rubber band for days!!! And….blah blah blah…..
He should leave politics within the perimeters of the political front and not politicize issues and bringing it to the doorsteps of the education arena.
This year the band released its seventh studio album, Hardcore Will Never Die, But You Will, and with it reclaims more of the positive critical reviews it had more readily received with earlier efforts. In support of the new record, Mogwai’s current tour of the western and southern parts of the U.S. included a stop at a full-capacity Mayan Theatre in Los Angeles, where its droney, pulsating electronic-synth set spanned the band’s many albums to the obvious delight of many Angeleno fans.
I had an adventure.
Holy entering of God
When you blame the victim, it is like making them relive the entire situation over and over again. When a person takes on blame that doesn’t belong to them, it adds pressure and trauma that brings their healing out of remission and into a maliciously aggressive state in rebellion; furthering attack.
Location 5, Clientele 3, Beer Selection 2, Ambience 3, Service 3
Fast forward a few hours - I'm leaving the hair salon and give Justin a call to say I'm on my way home - should I get something to eat or did he not eat as well? Very casually he tells me to just come home and we'll figure something out.
After the cupcakes cool, get your big girl panties on and make the icing.
Katie, I don’t know if you know this but all of our videos, except for the ones that feature giraffe sex as the center screenshot, are watched by nearly three times more women than men.
mightn’t never again find a woman whom you love as much as her.” He followed my advice and moved, temporarily, to Sweden. By accident, her family home was next door to the summer home of the Tranströmer’s, and before long Eva and Jim had become good friends with Tomas and Monica.
We can’t wait for you to come back and visit us Katie!
I will make an attempt to answer this question without succumbing to sub judice.
But you stop, you turn, you look and laugh at me
but Bill just grabbed a crownie and walked back to his seat.
for pizza and fun......and she is gonna do
I’ve been asked a few times why water efficient shower heads, or flow regulation devices, aren’t suitable for electric showers. There are two main reasons.
07- Cento Mani e Cento Occhi 6.54
This is one of the most popular classics of Yucatecan cooking and if you've ever sampled this soup of chicken, spices and bunches of sweet local limes, you'd know why. It's always served with fried tortilla strips for added crunch. Soups are actually invigorating in tropical climates, which is why this dish is a mainstay.
1 corresponding
Wow, there certainly were some out of the box projects the last two weeks. Our April Fool's Theme had everybody scrambling for ideas but I think they all did a great job.
Alright, people who are subscribing to my blog have noticed some strange blog-updates on this page yesterday and earlier today. And this is one of the examples where the problem is in-between the screen and the chair. And I am totally debit to that, which actually makes a nice new subject, but not only that, also a nice introduction to another blog I run.
The Carlton Avenue bridge between Pacific Street and Atlantic Avenue was supposed to be closed from November 2006 through July 2007; it hasn't been closed yet.
First and foremost here, note that Coulson has to be asked the question three times before finally caving in and suggesting the highly unlikely: that he not only didn’t know Whittamore, he didn’t even hear his name until things hit the fan. And yet, note how well briefed he is on what other newspapers were doing: ‘I think I am correct in saying the What price privacy now? report, or possibly it was the second report, detailed a number of reporters. It also published a league table and I think the News of the World was fifth in that league table and The Observer, from memory, was ninth.’
“I know Singaporeans now feel there are too many foreigners, but Singapore also need foreigners at the same time,” he added.
"That ye may know what is the hope of his calling..." Ephesians 1:18
Author- E.L James
The firs come marching, two by two,
BRC is also participating in the 1Malaysia menu for breakfast and lunch.
7. Basketball analyst: "He dribbles a lot and the opposition doesn't like it. In fact you can see it all over their faces."
1. Combine the quinoa, eggs, salt, chives, shallots, Parmesan, and garlic in a medium bowl. Stir to blend. Mix in the bread crumbs and stir gently until evenly incorporated. Let sit for 5 minutes. Form the mixture into six evenly sized patties, about 3-4 inches in diameter.
19So when the Lord your God has given you rest from all who are against you on every side, in the land which the Lord your God is giving you for your heritage, see to it that the memory of Amalek is cut off from the earth; keep this in mind.
This is the same Erdogan who is till denying the genocide of the Armenians after almost one hundred years, and who personifies like no one else this Turkish grand delusion.
Late yesterday afternoon the sirens from our emergency crews went crazy. Now, to be honest, lately it seems that the fire and police departments have been running crazy anyway, but last night was especially wild. We didn't know what was happening, but we could hear the sirens heading up near the Junior High--but knowing school was out for the day, I just hoped everything would be fine wherever they ended up.
Which of these benefits do you agree with?
“Just the weekly.” He answers.
Both Krugman and Reich offer the same “economic” shtick over and over again: Borrow more money. Spend more money. Print more money. Repeat ad infinitum until the next national-level collapse and/or revolution.
Add some certainty to your auto insurance bill with ERIE Rate Lock. Give us a call at Burdick Insurance Agency today, and let’s talk about whether ERIE Rate Lock makes sense for you.
Put carrots in crock pot ( I used my smaller one) with other ingredients. Stir and cook on low until they are tender. I let mine cook for about 4.5-5 hours but I really think the could have cooked a bit longer. Next time I cook them, I think I will slice them first.
Multiple GRAMMY® and Dove Award-winning singer and songwriter RANDY TRAVIS will release his first holiday DVD, CHRISTMAS ON THE PECOS, November 4 from IMAGE ENTERTAINMENT. The new special for the whole family includes live performances shot at the historic Carlsbad Caverns in Carlsbad, New Mexico plus homespun stories and a look at Carlsbad’s beautiful “River of Lights” Christmas tradition. Totaling over 79 minutes, the DVD also has additional exclusive footage of the breathtaking locales including the Carlsbad Caverns and a “making-of” featurette. The DVD is highlighted by spectacular footage of RANDY performing “Silent Night” and “Rock Of Ages” in a cavern 850 feet underground.
into my life
The interest rates on student loans is ridiculous….criminal actually, as are some of the stringent laws associated with student loan repayment.
From the very beginning, too, organisers made the audacious decision to operate not only by direct democracy, without leaders, but by consensus. The first decision ensured that there would be no formal leadership structure that could be co-opted or coerced; the second, that no majority could bend a minority to its will, but that all crucial decisions had to be made by general consent. American anarchists have long considered consensus process (a tradition that has emerged from a confluence of feminism, anarchism and spiritual traditions like the Quakers) crucial for the reason that it is the only form of decision-making that could operate without coercive enforcement – since if a majority does not have the means to compel a minority to obey its dictates, all decisions will, of necessity, have to be made by general consent.
Ecwid shopping cart is FREE and easily plugs into social networking sites so you can have a shopping cart on your art blog, photography blog, soap making blog or FB page, etc.. The sewing shop - SewMrsP.com - utilizes this shopping cart. At some time I will add it to my social networking but am too busy with setting up the new shops (older brain takes longer to apply new apps). Get a shopping cart set up on your site in time for holiday shopping.
Lastly the hubs used his skill saw to cut out the holes.. and thats it.. our very own bean bag toss game!
Max Payne 3 TV ads are all over the place, I live in NYC and buses roll by at regular intervals with Max’s face on the side and I think there are a few billboards in the city proper I’ve yet to see (hey, I’m up in the Bronx and don’t get into the city as much as I’d like to). Rockstar always seems to make the best use of advertising for its products than just about any publisher. Using actual in-game graphics, building a sense of tension and urgency through clever editing and yes, selling the fact that this is going to be a pretty violent game geared to adults makes me respect these guys with every new release.
Big Shot, Swirly Sizzlit Decorative Strip, Beautiful Wings Embosslit Die, White Baker's Twine
The J&B Met was certainly ‘Made Different‘ this year, with ensembles created from pure imagination showcasing South Africa’s unique talent and incomparable fashion. With the race well underway and many poised to bet on their lucky horse, Jeannie D took our breath away wearing a simple, elegant and timeless dress by Kluk CGDT. Adding a dash of colour, Jo-Ann Strauss, wearing a gorgeous Stefania Morland dress, dazzled. Wearing a whimsical fascinator, Jennifer Su selected the perfect pair of red Dolce & Gabbana sunglasses from Sunglass Hut to compliment her stunning dress by House Of Fashion as she joined Jo-Ann Strauss, Janez Vermeiren, Cindy Nell, Ryan Harrison and Natalie Becker at the Sungless Hut Inner Circle luxury marquee, where all things luxury was on the menu.
Unfortunately I didn't take any true 'before' photos, so picture a 70's man cave complete with half-stucco, half-wood paneled walls, a giant vinyl bar (maroon), lots of mirrors and no light. It was bad.
I have three happy family reports to share with you all. First, Sissy (Juliet) has new ears, she can hear again! Here she is with her Papa before the surgery to clean everything out, get rid of those nasty adenoids and insert the tubes in her ears. Great job Sis!
Only one question, Lead: How much time do you have over Haiphong harbor? How much F-105 gun camera film have you reviewed? How well do you know Jacksel Broughton? How have you demonstrated your bravery and where?
Tony Blair became Prime Minister on 2 May 1997 and by 1 May 1999, he had met Rupert Murdoch 7 times:
I'm a bit of a dick. I admit it. It's in my nature. I began as a nanotechnology experiment in a parallel universe that kind of went bad. Long story short -- I sucked up the entire place into a ball of gray, hyper-intelligent goo... and then I started creating stuff on my own. Basically your entire universe is one of thousands where I am conducting an experiment into the nature of consciousness. Blah, blah, blah -- I know. I bore myself. Anyhoo, the experiment finished up a few billion years ago, and I just... never got around to shutting the whole thing down. You're kind of like a bit of science fair bread mold left out too long in the fridge. Sorry if that's harsh. But I figured I'd be honest.
Washington – It’s been mentioned a couple of times that to qualify a song does not have to be about a state. It only needs to have its name in the title. Washington lends itself to this because there is also a president and a famous city with the same name. A bunch of songs use Washington, but I went with one about the park in New York City that is named after the president. Not very stately, I reckon. “Washington Square” is an instrumental recorded by The Village Stompers.
"Steel Town" - 3:08
So what I've been doing for breakfast lately goes like this--
Other than that, my life is too quiet. I'm bored. So I need to think of some new activities to start, some new things to do... Hopefully I'll come up with some things soon, before I go entirely out of my mind! ;-)
HIRING SUMMER INTERN
Missing Etta James. See you again stomping gospel R&B one of these days in Heavenly Heaven. Bon Voyage and party up. May all that love you lacked in childhood surround you for the next 30,000 years in the Human Realm.
Many have been asking what the next steps are with a new play after the world premiere. In most cases, the playwright learns a lot from that first production and makes changes afterwards. This new version of the script is then sent out to other theatres in hopes of a second production. Something that is rare in Canadian theatre. A world premiere has a certain cache but second productions are very difficult to secure. Ideally after the premiere you can also get the script published, which opens it up to other markets including the possibilities of it being studied in classrooms and read by theatre lovers who may never have the opportunity to see the show. With a piece as large as EDEN, a second production in Winnipeg or a tour of this production are not likely to happen. That means that the odds are this will be the only chance for Winnipeg audiences to experience the show!
5. Yakima Red
God’s grace showered on us,
Oranges are also very good headache fighters. If we drink at least one liter of orange decoct everyday, we will notice an improvement in the brain’s blood circulation, acting on the central nervous system directly and this may reduce the sensation of pain.
Three of them already cam to Paris, Will was the only one who never come. So, we took him to THE places. Unfortunately, I miss one picture, or video.
After Abu Ghraib, the only way to win Iraq is to turn on pacification, with whole villages going up in smoke and scores of dead women and children.
"As an experience, it was interesting working with someone who is just so creative. He writes continuously and is always looking for things and seems very connected to nature. When we were down on the rocks filming, he was going off between takes and exploring. His mind wants to take stuff on board every time and at every turn over, we got a new take on everything. The scene with the dove flying away after he kisses it was the first one we did. It was like a magic moment that made the hair on the back of the neck stand up. You knew you'd witnessed something quite good."Director Ove described the spots as surreal visual interpretations of Perry's words. For example, Perry told Ove he meditates while in his tub, so one spot finds him speaking from within his tub in a variety of locations, representing the dub originators mental travels.
I almost drop my glasses at his whisper. It isn’t unusual for a criminal to deny their crimes, but for some reason Mr. Davis looks genuine when he said that. I cough gently into my fist and shake my head slowly.
waters of Lake Superior, the only brother in a family of murderous mermaids. To survive, Calder and his sisters prey on humans, killing them to absorb their energy. But this summer the underwater clan targets Jason Hancock out of pure revenge. They blame Hancock for their mother's death and have been waiting a long time for him to return to his family's homestead on the lake. Hancock has a fear of water, so to lure him in, Calder sets out to seduce Hancock's daughter, Lily. Easy enough—especially as Calder has lots of practice using his irresistable good looks and charm on ususpecting girls. Only this time Calder screws everything up: he falls for Lily—just as Lily starts to suspect that there's more to the monsters-in-the-lake legends than she ever imagined. And
Children tend to flop onto the ground and shout, scream or cry. Quite often, they will display violent behaviour such as hitting or kicking.
But just wait until 2012. I've got big plans brewing. I'm hanging out in Canada with my family until after Christmas. But on my birthday, December 27th, I'm packing my bags again. Here's a clue:
I have a fairly small waist and often find that elastic belts are too loose. If the elastic pulls free of the buckle, it is simple enough to cut the elastic, seal the ends with a flame, and rethread it through the buckle. However, that solution doesn’t work when the elastic is fused to the buckle.
Anyway, I just wanted you to know that I will never forget that look on your face. Ever.
So I have made a card with corresponding box ( these roses are bulky!!) using this weeks sketch from
Space – It is not just physical and fixed, it can be modified, is an abstraction, but there are physical aspects to it. Types of space include local, global, utobian, heterotopia, aural and visual. One idea is that space doesn’t exist until something happens in it.
So the story of the Shift unfolds every day now, and we can choose to participate, not from a fearful place, but from a foundation of knowledge, expectation, and even excitement. Each of us is a significant player in this story, with an essential role to play. So the only question to ask yourself is: how do I choose to play?
Van Draanan also addressed some current issues - health care coverage, drunk driving, and special needs students - that make the story even more appealing. And, she does it by appealing to readers over a wide swath of grades. I could see a sixth grader enjoying this story as much as a sophomore.
Some favourites:
Plans for Prom 2012, are being finalized at many of our local high schools. Prom should be a time of fun-dancing, laughter, and a celebration of friendships! But, it is also a very dangerous time.
So I have to admit that the recent class action lawsuit against Nutella seems kind of ridiculous to me. The makers of Nutella, Ferrero, settled for three million dollars. Anyone who purchased Nutella between 2008-2012 can jump on the bandwagon and make up to $20 for being "misled" by the advertising.
I know there are many famous and talented Hungarians; Bartók, Liszt, Houdini and Zsa Zsa Gabor. I’ve googled them. There’s lots more, too, but I can’t find the right accents on my laptop to be able to write their names properly.
This was genuinely refreshing television.
1041 D-III/13/1989. “Capital Punishment Reconsidered.” Clarence Darrow Memorial Meeting, Jackson Park and the Museum of Science and Industry, Chicago, Illinois.
I even let him try on one of the fascinators, although in all honesty he was more interested in dribbling on it, and as he doesn’t yet have much hair there wasn’t a great deal to fasten it to.
“Charles Phillips saw smoke coming from the transformer in his backyard one morning last November. When he went out to inspect the damage, he said he saw a CenterPoint Energy contractor at his meter box with a fire extinguisher. He told me it had caught on fire, Phillips said.”
If we look back at the Academy of Change and their goals to force regime change and cause chaos in countries, notice that they dont want a religious leader because religion gets in the way with politics. The best example is Qatar. The leaders in Qatar arent muslims at all because if they really were, then they would NOT trade with Israel and would NOT turn against their muslim brothers using media as a major weapon. Dont forget that Qatar’s arab spring already happened years ago when the current emir exiled his own father from the country. None of his actions come any where close to what muslims stand for. Lets also not forget about the recently leaked telephone call of the Qatari Prime Minister wanting regime change in Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. Its all part of the plan here. Convincing the media that Bahrain’s terrorists arent looking for reforms is completely pointless. We all know that the opposition’s goals are far beyond that and with what has been discussed above, if you still believe you can make a difference and stand up against this world wide threat, then you have joined the other sleepy Arabs who cant seem to wake up and face reality because sooner or later the middle east will be a thing of the past, along with fake human rights you believed truly exists. The only rights you have as a human is being alive right now and the truly peaceful ones are the souls who have passed on to the other side.
What's really unnerving/irritating is that due to Heston's presenting style, it's almost as if he knows how underwhelmed I am, instead opting to look slightly to the right, away from the camera. As if he's talking to his "real" audience just over my shoulder, ones not populated by nay-sayers and stick-in-the-muds. I'm being ignored by Heston because he hates me, and would rather make singing soufflés and exploding loafs for the likes of Caroline Ferraday and Jenny Falconer. That bald fiend. By the end of the programme you're left feeling cheated and confused. There goes an hour of your time, on a load of balls, not just any balls, but Heston The Cock's Balls.
Shotgun loadings are far more variable than handgun or rifle loads, generally because shotguns are used for a broader range of activities than other firearms; and also because shotguns will properly and accurately function with a broader range of ammunition, while rifles and handguns (and semi-automatic shotguns for that matter) need to operate in a fairly narrow range of mass and velocity to function both reliably and accurately.
Six-foot planks of Eucalyptus and Poplar were placed in the fermenter and allowed to age with the beer for six weeks. The Eucalyptus wood lends notes of chocolate, balanced with a hint of toffee and smoky dryness from the Yellow Poplar.
1-15 ounce can diced tomatoes
yaḥ sa mām eti pāṇḍava
2. Water, water, water...check. I've downed 2 16.9 oz bottles so far. When I go potty, the water will take at least 4 pounds with it to the drain.
I really believe that The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a better choice, ultimately, even if it was a little long, and the weird framework surrounding Hurricane Katrina was…well.. weird. Brad Pitt gave my favorite of his performances. Cate Blanchett was equally excellent. The story was appropriately sweeping, the effects were always effective and never too showy. There were parts of great emotion, and humor, and pathos.
The contribution that publishers make – coordinating editors, formatting, and posting on websites – is now a service that authors can pay for, rather than a bargaining chip that could be worth yielding copyright for. So authors making their work available as open access pay publishers a fee to do so, and the publisher does not own the resulting work. On the CITE blog they report on an initiative lead by NACS Media Solutions (National Association of College Stores) to help college stores grow their custom content businesses (CITE):
Here we are ready for the show to start!
Anyway, I heard that Mrs.Romney was on Fox & Friends this morning, and she was not too pleased about Hilary Rosen calling her out for never having a real job. Wngnuts are trying their best to manufacturer a scandal, and Hilary Rosen will be taking the New Black Panther's place for the next few weeks.
The other good thing about the software is that it allows me to 'Mute' the audio sound, otherwise you will be hearing lots of giggling, some nonsensical exchange of languages among the boys, and the constant "Is it done, is it done yet? When can I stop (taking the video)?!" and things like "Yummy! yummy!...mummy, mummy, I know what you are making! You are making muffins, right?! I can smell muffins!" ????!!!
Really???!!!!
The resulting live recorded album was released in July of that year. Sadly, only a couple of months later lead guitarist Duane Allman was killed in a motorcycle crash near his home in Macon, Georgia. A year later, another member of the band, bassist Berry Oakley died the same way, less than a mile from the spot where Duane had crashed.
While the book reads with a gentle flow, much like those 18th and 19th century classics that Lin adores, it manages to fascinate. I rooted for Casey all along, and I recognized those hallmarks of growing up in your twenties with a sad twitch: meeting the first love at a wedding after you've broken up, and he's there with his fiancee, or not understanding how to deal with a relationship in which things are going terribly wrong.
The event has many exciting competitions, including the National Chef of Wales competition and the prestigious Battle for the Dragon, contested between Italy, Germany and of course Wales. I was attending on the day that Germany were competing.
Drop cookie dough by spoonfuls onto prepared cookie sheet and bake for 8-10 min.
solitude and those pensive thoughts which attend it, after much loss and more labour, I suddenly fell asleep. Here then the day was no sooner born but strangled. I was reduced to a night of a more deep tincture than that which I had formerly spent. My fancy placed me in a region of inexpressible obscurity, and—as I thought—more than natural, but without any terrors. I was in a firm, even temper and, though without encouragements, not only resolute but well pleased. I moved every way for discoveries but was still entertained with darkness and silence; and I thought myself translated to the land of desolation” (Thomas Vaughn, Works of Thomas Vaughn, 243).
1-1/8 cups warm water
The two cards I am showing you today are cards I made for a couple of challenges at Stamp TV. This card is for the challenge this week: Heavy Metal The card above uses the embossing foil technique. What an easy, yet impressive technique! You can see a video of this technique here:
I wouldn't be seeing shy little Barbara.
Though it was fast I found myself very wrapped up in the action. I liked the survival aspects of it all. It was a lot of emotion very quickly, but this served to enhance (or excuse) the insta-love. I mean if a huge Scottish warrior saves you and your 4 week old nephew from certain death in a plane crash, then from being frozen on a mountain top in Maine, I might fall a little in love too. Especially if his kisses were as good as Grace claims.
"We've talked about it," McKeever said. "We sell a lot of craft beer."
I asked why? So he says they’ll keep getting stuck, and you’ll need to keep living with it or put something there so they can’t get stuck. So I shoved paper towels up there so they can’t go up there anymore So i feel really bad…but he got stuck twice in under half an hour. So they need to move, unless they pull out the paper towels. But i closed the blinds so I can’t see anymore. I feel terrible, but they need to stop getting stuck………………….
Upon further inspection (and setting up a ton of have-a-heart traps all throughout our house) we found out that the creature that crawled up my shirt was... a MOLE.
The short article (see below) lists some impressive accomplishments for Great Lakes rehabilitation, including successes in Cootes Paradise. I have chosen a few highlights that we should consider when addressing local issues, like parking lots and roads in former wetlands:
This I actually finished, although not until just last week. I have all of my requests submitted, and I have back up plans for most of the months in case things don't work out the way that I want. Although maybe this is really just 95% done...I do have a few more pieces of paperwork that I need to submit.
Yep… Bacon. Bacon! A whole damn plate! And I will usually drink my dinner. And according to all of them nutrition experts, I would take a dirt nap like thirty years prior. But each year will come and go, and I will still be there. Ha! And they will keep dyin’. And I will wonder if God forgot about me.
Two weeks later I pulled Justin into the fray at bottling time. I still remember taking a sample of the fresh brew, putting it to my lips, taking a long pull, and wondering how uncarbonated, room temperature beer could be so tasty. Justin had the same epiphany. Two pints later (each), we started bottling. I'm pretty sure we were about 8 beers light by the end of bottling.
the kind that we would just walk by
I had wanted to watch Lady and the Tramp with the kids. I made us spaghetti and meatballs for dinner and thought, "How cute would Lady and the Tramp be, to go with our spaghetti!" You know, that whole scene where the dogs share the noodle and end up kissing. It seemed like a good love story to watch with the kids. But the store didn't have it! GASP! Sigh. Sadness.
Tourists, 2006, could be an updated Caspar David Friedrich. Like Friedrich’s Walk at Dusk, 1830, at the Getty, we find monks on a walk in the woods. They find an ancient ruin, seemingly set up on a hill like a zoo exhibit, protected by a fence. The imagination has a field day here. The little monks are interested and one could assume reverent in their pursuit, but they are seem thwarted. The ruin has entered the museum; it has been removed of its ritual, the aura is gone.
yes, tis true people I am back....it's been a good while but now with a new job its time to start putting some posts up again. Today I am posting about one of my favorite German Breweries distributed out here in lovely Colorado.
Life is carrying on, but there's the beginnings of a change in the air. Many of the same people who enthusiastically welcomed the invasion now want the troops to leave so that Grenada can begin to pick up the pieces and work out where to go from here.
Maybe I’ll do a little more on the topic of transmuting another time, since the Duracell analogy seems somehow severely lacking. Anyway, once I came to find myself a trasmuter, I felt understandably empty. “Ok, I’m turning different substances from one form into another.” I thought to myself. “I could just as easily do that as a dandelion. But here I am with an awareness of suffering, of pain, of my inevitable cessation of experiencing. Something created me like this when I could just as easily be a blade of grass blissfully unaware of the deer eating me?” You see, it had firmly been fixed into my mind by that point in time that given the very limited consciousness I found myself possessing, it seemed inconceivable that the rest of the whole of everything didn’t possess a consciousness more all inclusive and bigger than mine, and since I originally came from it, I figured it must have created me consciously. I admit, I was unhealthily egocentric back then. I’d like to think my ego, while not necessarily any smaller, is at least healthier now. Now of course it’s obvious to me that creation is fairly law-conformable and that the influence of consciousness effects those creations only after the fact and in relation to the specific effect of law that happened to result in that being. But I was young then. So the question finally took to my brain, “So, if I’m here ‘transmuting,’ which I could just as easily have done as an oak tree, what is my potential as a transmuter of the type I find myself, and what’s more, why is such a consciousness of mine existent to begin with? Especially if God is all loving and merciful as I keep hearing even from those who don’t seem to be living based on a fairytale they’ve heard 2000 times too many?” I wanted to know what my potential was, and why I was made to be aware of pain and death if there was a consciousness behind deciding I feel that pain and death.
I was also a guest at the wedding so the day was a little different for me – I got to let my hair down alongside everyone else! Family and friends shared in the fun at Rissons restaurant before many more joined a huge party at Strathaven Golf Club until the wee small hours. Some of you might not remember how good a night you had – believe me you had a belter! You danced, you sang (brilliantly Calum!), and you made sure Geraldine and Stewart had the most memorable day imaginable! Well done to everyone for putting on such a show, the food, the music, the atmosphere all contributed to a day to remember.
1999- Garrison Hearst: Broke his ankle and missed two full seasons.
enough between Scott being notified of the GWR and BER’s plans on the twelfth, and the agreement’s completion on the nineteenth, for accurate forecasts to be formulated. This is not to say LSWR decision-makers had absolutely no idea of the potential revenues and costs of taking over the line, and the proposal for the LSWR to operate between Wimborne and Templecombe was deemed objectionable because Scott recognised the region’s poor revenue generating potential. But this analysis was not systematic, and based on ‘gut-feeling’ and experience.
This month I chose to work with the new Simple Stories "Fabulous" line. I really love its bright colors, fun patterns and slightly distressed edges. For this layout I combine a couple of patterned papers with a set of Shabby Chic Crafts' woodgrain tags and Maya Road wooden butterflies.
Level 10: MP Cost: 20, jumps for a certain distance.
Many have sought refuge in cheaper housing supplied by the urban sprawl communities built on prime farmland - the richest in the nation - that encircle Toronto and Vancouver, forever destroying the agricultural benefits that land provided. This means greater commute times to work which translates into less leisure time for Canadians as they spend more time away from home stuck in gridlock traffic. The connection between Toronto having the worst traffic in North America and it being the Canadian city that receives the bulk of immigrants should be obvious to even the most casual observer. And this is to say nothing of the polluted air generated by so many idling cars and the health effects it has on those who live in the city.
F. Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby (again)
What is your actual objective? When you prepare a sermon, keep your goal in mind as your prepare. Otherwise you are just trying to waffle a bunch of one-liners here and there to try and cover your lack of preparation. If someone was to come to you at the end of your message and say, with all that information, what am I supposed to do? What would be your response? The objective?
I’ve been thinking about that ever since. Stop trying so hard. Where else do I push to hard in my life? Right. Everywhere. I pretty much go all or nothing on most things I do. Sometimes this makes me really good at things – like my diet right now. It also makes me a hard worker, a dedicated student, and a good friend. It also means that I burn out. Fast.
Always apply a base coat on your eyes just as you do to the rest of your face. Loose power works or you can apply your foundation to the eye area. It gives a nice even palette to work with.
Ah well, I guess we’ll have to wait for more plentiful times. And in the meantime, make do with Nottingham’s great coffee shop and tea rooms…Video to follow soon, and reviews of the venues uploaded to our website in the coming days. www.fancyacuppa.co.uk
Is you front door painted a look at me color? If it is I would love to see it!
But then there are a lot of Wedding Photographers out there who are little more than a bloke with a big camera. They might have the equipment, but they have precious little in the way of an artistic eye and produce nothing more than snaps. Unfortunately the same can be said of a lot of Portrait Photographers too.
To get yourself some teeth. He did, I was there.
The answer my friend is blowing in the wind,
The fun thing about the unpredictable inventory is that it lends itself to creative cooking... which I love. Remember that I am a recipe rebel? It's always so much fun when the cashier hands you your receipt and tells you how much you saved. My goal is to save as much as I spend. This was a tremendous haul. I saved almost 2/3 more than what I paid! I still purchase most of my grains, sweeteners, nuts and seeds from the co-op that comes by truck once a month (I posted about it here) and I usually purchase the bread that I keep in the freezer (for no bake times) at the Franz bread outlet. Between these three resources the only time I hit another grocery store is when the weekly coupons are worth my time.
For all 3, I just used supplies from my stash, PP, some butterflies, used Glossy accents some Ribbon, some glue, lace flower and that is about it, I did not use any dies or such this time around.
Johanes Kepler explained the curve and the line as the signature of the All-Divine. These are the two forms that the child entering First Grade is introduced to and all the delightful possibilities that stretch from these.
Yes, Pump It Up is a great place to have a children's birthday party, but it will set you back $250. Parties at free locations can be just as fun.
I started this quilt for a friend shortly before Christmas and finished it on the 31st of December, so it's been done for awhile. Last night I gave it to a sweet friend as a belated birthday gift (she LOVED it!), so I can finally blog about it!
I know, I kind of peed a little there too. Totally acceptable.
44. Because of its effects on vitamin and mineral absorption, caffeine increases the likelihood of birth defects.
Thursday we reviewed counting by 2s, 5s, and 10s. We used this counting ladder sheet. It turned out to be a little challenging for my kids, but doing it as a whole class helped. I'm sorry I don't remember where I found this page. If it's yours please let me know so I can give you credit.
I was talking about home brewing Pale Ales earlier today. I think it's a lot easier to brew a Porter or a Stout, because they're so full of flavour regardless, from the flavourful malts used. I think it's much harder to produce a good light % Pale Ale well, that has something more about it, these days. A little darker than expected. The aroma is all about the citrus fruits, grass and fresh hay topped off with loads of sherbet. It's slightly thin on the mouthfeel, but it has a nice, refreshing, depth of flavour which is similar to the aromas. Dry with a nice lasting bitterness.
Remember this formula is exactly how the imagination gets sparked. Odd, isn't it? Creativity is only partly the ability to be disciplined and responsible to the Muse, to sit ourselves in the chair and write. It's also about keeping the imagination ever seeking the new and different to spark from.
Drowning in guilt and denial, Avery runs straight into the alluring arms of Liam Cullen, who has all the proper credentials to satisfy her pretentious family. Desperate to escape her past and find an easy path to happiness, Avery finds herself falling in love with Liam. But something is preventing her from giving herself completely to him. Could she still be in love with Finley? Or is there something about Liam that she just can't ignore?
Here’s the distinction: What follows But is the author’s main point. What follows though is a subordinate point.(a) I would follow you anywhere in the world you’d care to go. But I don’t trust you.
I liked this one. It may not be in my top ten but I liked it. It was not too much of typical mystery (except for the Agatha Christie type gathering at the end that made the murder do something desperate). I liked Emma, the local island celebrity mystery writer who helps Annie. But most of all I liked that it was a mystery that didn’t center too much on blood and gore, graphic sex, or lots of foul language. I guess this is what they call a cozy mystery and I can see why they have become popular. I would recommend this to anyone who likes a good mystery that is not too drawn out.
Mattias had reserved an area of the kitchen for us to try his wares. First up was a selection of handmade breads, including a delicious roll that had swirls of pesto running through it, breadsticks, Sardinian crispbread, dipping oils and balsamic. This accompanied a stunning selection of antipasti that showcased a variety of Italian meats including Parma ham and Bresaola, and a delicious Gorgonzola dolce cheese, plus a selection of olives, sunblush tomatoes, and balsamic onions that made me see onions in a whole new light – I never knew it was possible for them to taste so sweet in their ‘whole’ form without being caramelised! This was all served with a refreshing glass of Prosecco.
However, all this raging productivity also means I have been buying and using a lot of materials. What was that saying again?..
We've been hard at work getting our vegetable garden started in the backyard. In the meantime, we put in a couple of small raised beds right off the back patio for herbs. I wanted a fun way to label the herbs and I have seen lots of people use jewelry stamps on old spoons for garden markers. When I searched around the internet, it seemed like most people were flattening out the spoon before stamping and a few people had done the same on forks.
1 reappeared
The year is 1999. It's summer. I am nine years old. And after seeing the trailer for this new, quirky superhero flick, I go to the theaters to see this little film. Little did I know what would occur after the viewing of this film. A tradition, still kept to this day, of my cousins and I camping out in their backyard while running an extension cord back up to the house in order to watch this film on VHS, and later, DVD on a mini 11" by 8" television. Ahh, sweet memories of youth. Is it too soon to start reminiscing? I think not.
I hope everyone is having a good week. We are supposed to have a cold, rainy day tomorrow so I am making home made chili and corn bread. Can you say Yummmmmmmmmmmm????!?!?!?!?!!!
As long as it is free, people in this country just shovel it in to there pie holes, and then they act like gourmands.
7. King Tut - Steve Martin
As someone who has lived with chronic pain for over 4 years now, I'm always open to trying new products to help with pain relief. This product really does help to soothe sore muscles - something I honestly was a bit skeptical about.
I’ll start saying ‘yes’ to every prompting I feel from your Spirit within my sphere of influence instead of saying ‘no.’
France and Britain punch Germany. Austria punches Russia. Germany punches Britain and France with one hand and Russia with the other.
1. Murad Active Radiance Serum with Resilient-C™ Complex
The descriptions of Paris are lovely, and though I have been to France, I didn’t get the chance to see Paris. It is a beautiful country and the author portays Paris beautifully. I have to make sure I get to go back and visit Paris. There have been books that have made me giggle here and there, but this book has me laughing so foten. It was such a fun read and I look forward to her other novels. This story will remind you of what it’s like to fall in love.
There is nothing a man can do to be justified. “In thy sight shall no flesh be justified.”
I find it interesting looking at Gardenias and Orchids. Seeing the difference in thinkness from other flowers like Roses and Tulips.
A school administrator sitting next to me during the screening said his students opted to get rid of pop and snacks in their school, and replace them with healthier options. His quandary was to convince the school board that spending dollars on healthy food for school lunches is not taking away dollars spent on the classroom experience. One need only understand the connection between good nutrition, behavior and the brain to know that dollars spent on healthy food will enhance the classroom experience. What about growing food as part of the curriculum? It touches on health, nutrition, agronomy science, math, home economics – well everything, really.
06. If I hadn’t gone through this process now, I probably would be graduating with a Chemistry degree and heading off to some miserable PhD program (no offense, science friends). I never would have realized how much I like working with people, how much I like psychology, how much I want to really work with and help others either through psych or doing social work. And now that I know that, there’s a lot of incentive to keep doing well so I can make it happen.
So throughout those years, I sort of lost touch with what was happening in the prog rock scene. The mix of heavy metal and prog is evident to me these days, though as I’m not much of a heavy metal fan, I don’t really follow the scene. I’ve enjoyed watching the odd Dream Theatre DVD and find them fascinating, however, not what I would choose to listen to these days.
Finally, I shall next catch up and see CC when she comes to my appointment with Dr N at the end of the month, in the meantime I am monitoring my moods and have been for some months with Moodscope. I still feel medication is a possible option for me to stop the lows I experience but I am concerned over weight gain!
On the right, the results from the recipe in Cookwise. This one involved heating the egg yolks and sugar over a very low heat until they start to thicken, then plunging the pan in cold water before moving the mixture into the food processor. The process took one hour and was that short (!) only because I got fed up with how long the heating was taking and turned up the burner briefly. (After this, I took a second look at the recipe I’d rejected as too high maintenance from the 1914 edition of Fannie Merrill Farmer’s Booking Cooking School Cook Book and, apart from the hand whipping aspect, it suddenly seemed a lot less labor and time intensive.) This mayo tasted the closest to Hellmann’s, and I’m suspecting the reason is a combination of the sugar and my using vinegar instead of lemon juice.
"It's Cyco Eva man you know who I be/
granted myself three wishes and started this major transition
knowing that your parents and your grandparents are there
Rights conferred
I was inspired by this wreath.
Now, despite the peppy ring to the phrase, this is not exactly solid theology! As Thalia put it, “If only they had used the root spero (hope) instead of spiro (breathe)!”
Bobby Clark, 54
Pictures from the top:
But despite the lush and nurturing variety of Pi’s world, there are broad political changes afoot in India, and when Pi is sixteen his parents decide that the family needs to escape to a better life. Choosing to move to Canada, they close the zoo, pack their belongings, and board a Japanese cargo ship called the Tsimtsum. Travelling with them are many of their animals, bound for zoos in North America. However, they have only just begun their journey when the ship sinks, taking the dreams of the Patel family down with it. Only Pi survives, cast adrift in a lifeboat with the unlikeliest of travelling companions: a zebra, an orang-utan, a hyena, and a 450-pound Royal Bengal tiger named Richard Parker.
So here's the poll of the week question - - What do you think about small talk during a tanda?
In a month where people had to come to terms with police raids on media houses, Integrity Commission meltdowns, suspicious crop duster rentals from an underperforming Commissioner of Police, the murder toll climbing to 64 in 59 days, strike actions from unions, protest action from citizens about poor roads and facilities, the Prime Minister and her deck of Jokers delivered speeches that were beyond inappropriate. They were tasteless, full of sound and fury and nothing more.
the femininity in a man that's hidden, and the man in a
Beyond all else, any evidence which could prove the make believe to be the lie it is must be erased and become what might be termed a “non-fact”.
This week we were finishing up our discussion on insects. We read a story called Insects.
Germinal by Émile Zola
Although Disney is constrained by the fact that big-name Marvel superheroes such as Spider-Man are already locked up in long-term deals with rival movie studios, Disney has had a history of successfully turning unknown talent such as Miley Cyrus, the actress behind “Hannah Montana,” into multibillion-dollar enterprises.
Beachside Properties Inc. has applied for Town Planning permission to change the use of 92 acres, and hosting the public meeting is one of the conditions the Town Planning Department sets for considering such applications.
Let us grant all that; we are generous souls. What then remains that all sides and parties agree upon — that involves neither actual nor implied misunderstandings?
We are not male.
There are three left ventricular assist devices presently available: Thoratec, the HeartMate, and Novacor.
At 11am we are being picked up by three Italians: Toni, Guido and his girlfriend, none of them speaking English. Since Logan was talking about a four-wheel drive adventure, we expected a 4WD but instead they arrive in a black Golf IV. They take us up to Scanno where we are supposed to leave our Globetrotter and then jump into the car with them. We have no idea where we are going; we can’t even ask them because they don’t understand us and I really don’t like this.
Another thing that comes with the child prodigy territory is the responsibility of cultivating your child’s insane talent. You have to give your son the best teachers in the country. You have to give him the best tools available. You don’t want to be the parents who squandered a rare once-in-a-generation skillset.
Me: Figures on a Beach.
Note: Because we are sponsored weekly by wonderful businesses who have graciously donated products and in the interest of fairness to all participants, any entries that do not follow our simple guidelines will not be eligible for the weekly prizes. Thanks for understanding and playing along!
Margaret’s poetry is a lot like her art. Death always seems to be stalking around in it. But evidently this man caused her to feel confined and suffocated. In this one attribute, my sister and I can really relate to each other. While our taste in men has always been totally different, we both have always needed a lot of space and freedom in order to keep some measure of sanity. We don’t enjoy feeling like a possession of someone else. Men hurt us a lot when we were very young, and it’s still hard to cope with those feelings.
Our institution will soon be in transition to Microsoft Office 2010, and I have been reading Microsoft TechNet, which mentions that Silverlight as recommended installation to view the following and for use in Office 2010 as a whole:
Where was Kamla born?
The next two weeks before they pick up our belongs will be spent cleaning out our current home, reorganizing a few closets, and decluttering. Good thing we just held a garage sale in our neighborhood and go rid of a lot of items.
I LOVE to be alone so I can paint, read, blog....whatever. But after a few days, I start to get very down and that is when I have to grab that cup of coffee, sit on the screened in porch and reevaluate my week. Hmmm......perhaps being a hermit is not necessarilly a positive thing. I need to see friends. I need to be around positive people who care about me. Even if they are not so positive at the moment. I need to get out of my own head and see some real, live people!
Henry Grimes Bass
1/3 c flour
Anyhow, I spent quite a bit of time last night poring over training plans and calendars and race schedules trying to sort out how my running will go over the next few months. I'm signed up for all kinds of great races in the coming months - it is my Dream Year of Racing after all! - so I wanted to make sure I knew how I'd be bridging between each of them. I don't wanna just coast, but I don't wanna burn out either. What I finally put together looks pretty good I think.
Strange that I treat my body just like it were debris.
A perfect storm of good weather, publicity and holiday spirits led to an ENORMOUS crowd at Pierrepont Playground's Spring Egg Hunt Saturday morning in Brooklyn Heights.
Try not to file bankruptcy if at all possible. It can adversely affect your credit for up to 10 years. Although it sounds like an easy way to get rid of debt, it will affect your life for a significant amount of time. Once bankruptcy has been filed, it could permanently halt your chances of ever obtaining credit again in the future.
Review by Cathleijne Filippo-Kokkeel
I do relish Labour choosing a new leader, getting rid of tired, dead wood, and trying to build a party to reflect a ‘future fair for all’ and which has a long hard look at geopolitics to see whether we really need to play policeman with America in the future, whether we need to continue, long term, in getting involved in long protracted and expensive military engagements overseas when policy might be better focused and directed on our own defence and relations with Europe and the Commonwealth. Why… we may even be able to negotiate a sensible solution with Argentina on the Falklands to ensure the islanders are free and all benefit should oil be found?! Good grief…. that sort of thinking won’t do at all… Sun readers will be coughing into their cornflakes at that idea.
When we walk on ocean, and jump up the peaks,
Do they see a world of possibilities?
Rustic Cream, Enchanted Evening, & Simply Chartreuse cardstock
Event Name
Because you’re true
There is, indeed, life after rice cakes- the first food turned to by newly minted celiacs. Naturally gluten-free foods such as quinoa, polenta, rice, Thai rice noodles and Mexican white corn tortillas have become favorite staples in our pantry. Potatoes are thankfully gluten-free. Brown rice and quinoa pastas offer nutritious alternatives to standard semolina spaghetti, cous cous and macaroni.
7. If your dream has become a nightmare, it’s time for a new one.
“My soul has painted like the wings of butterflies,
Coloring: Crayola Twistable w/ Sansodor Solvent
Another fact is that in such a complex system, “preserving” environments or ecosystems is impossible. We simply cannot keep the planet or any part of it in any kind of time capsule and expect that it will stay unchanged. Furthermore, the notion of restoring something “back to normal” is fundamentally flawed. Our planet is so dynamic that we cannot define what “normal” is in the first place. Besides, once something has been changed and the unending chain of environmental and ecological interdependencies has been affected, it is foolish to imagine that we can reverse all of that. Definitely not with our present level of understanding of the world.
I went with an empty plastic jar I had set aside for recycling - didn't want to use my glass canning jars - anything breakable, Oggie is sure to break it and I didn't want to be dealing with broken glass.
Step 4. Fill in the face parts with thinned black icing. Then create a stem with thinned green icing.
Exhibit A 3
The overarching (pun intended) trend we’re seeing on all the runways, from New York to Paris, London to Milan, is the continued return of the strong brow. Granted, there is still the odd designer who is having the makeup artist bleach the brows (so very 2010) or thin them for a “vintage” look, but they are a shrinking minority.
Holly: YES of course there will be cameos. Remember Bach from Starbucks in DBAW? He was actually supposed to be in TMAS, but my editor didn’t want me to introduce such a vivid character so late in the book (he would have been the one to give Miranda the Cornish tour in the last chapter). Anyway, his little brother is going to be a major character in this third novel, and Bach might just be dating a certain someone from TMAS…more connections to be determined…
Heck, I think all the fabric designers should have their names in that book because it would have made the book better in general!
did you all have a lovely weekend?
the “Cooking Channel” is scheduled to film interior scenes at Flushing Avenue between Spencer Street and Walworth Street.
Paris: Oh, I make sure I'm protected. I use citronella.
Sorry, moving on. Let me give you an example. I typically go for a cig at 4:30pm. I leave work at 5:30pm. Yesterday, I walked downstairs and some know-it-all security man said this to me, “Have a great night!” You can imagine the pain that I felt, knowing that I had another hour to complete at my wretched day job before I could be released into the wild. He then added insult to injury, after I scowled at him, by saying, “Smile!” If you want to be murdered by me, you should ask me to smile. If you want to be murdered by me and shipped to your parents, you should tell me that smoking is bad for me. Needless to say, that particular security guard is dead.
Thank you to all of you who played along with us this week and for those of you who are still playing along on your own :) I can't wait to see what loveliness that awaits for us at the end of this challenge!
“For country and western, please dial one. For easy listening, two. For classical, dial three…”
"Beauty and the Beast" (Beauty and the Beast) (Alan Menken and Howard Ashman)
too! This looks like a pen and fits into your pocket
An equinox marks the first division, and then at equal distances two further divisions are made. These three divisions of the ecliptic per tropical event represent three steps of Vishnu, “Tri-vikrama.”
Look, people, these health nazis do not care about the facts. They make them up to suit their agenda. If you keep sticking to "just the facts, ma'am," no matter how true those facts are, you are going to lose every single battle, because they aren't playing by the rules of fairness and evidence. It is really time to change tactics, and you can disagree with me all you like and say we need to be civilised and such, but we will not win if we do not change. It is time to go on the attack with a equal or greater amount of sensationalism along with actual facts.
Tommie Dean, Trustee
To add to my excitement, the gentle curves of Lausanne have spurred several very fast 200’s – most notably in 2006 when the 200 exploded back into prominence as Xavier Carter (19.63), Tyson Gay (19.70), Usain Bolt (19.88) and Wallace Spearmon (19.90) took the event back into the 19.6/19.7 realm after the sport went 10 years without a time under 19.70. Since then this track has seen nothing but sterling marks with Gay (19.78, ‘07), and Bolt (19.63, ‘08 & 19.59, ‘09) taking advantage of the wide bend. Even as far back as 1996, Ato Boldon had run 19.85 here.
When you home looks warm and inviting from the curbside, then buyers want to see more. It’ll get more people to actually walk inside to take a look.
bursts between two ships,
Pillars of Truth (Kiribati)
Writer
Even Little Ugh, who inadvertently detests soup because of me enjoyed it, the Mr. BM loved it too!
In short, marriage should be understood as a task, requiring planning by both partners, as well as study, skills and a will. You’re not picking a man, you’re picking a plan, the plan that you think will help God the most. And there is absolutely no need to resort to sex or alcohol or anything order to discuss these things. What actually works on me is writing me a good long essay about anything. Because marriage is more about communication and relationships than anything else. You can have intimacy without alcohol just by turning the conversation to topics that matter and writing about them.
Myth 3: Poinsettias are toxic.
Come on out to a body-reforming, calorie-blasting out-door fitness class, for people like you, who want to get slim and have so much energy that it should be criminal, and who believe that fitness should be more than just sweat, it’s got to be fun and results oriented!
For the first time since meeting this fiery woman, he was intrigued. Here was a strong, intelligent woman, and for an older woman, she was no Doris. As a matter of fact, she was very attractive and under any other circumstances he would not be attracted to. Most women succumbed to his touch, his good looks, and his charm. Not this little vixen. She could be a royal pain in the derriere to any man who took interest. Except, Camille du Bassin possessed a quality he wanted to explore and more than her blood. Attention shifted to the pulsing vein in her neck. “No, don’t flatter yourself, sweetheart.”
We went to Cassiobury Park in Watford for a picnic and had a great time there, never realised we had such a good park close to us. Max went on the mini train, bouncy castle, had a paddle in the paddling pools and had a great walk. Shattered is how we all feel !
“They threw me down on the ground and kicked me in the side multiple times before they dragged me on the tar road,” said a traumatised Mr Grundlingh.
I have also contemplated started Turbo Fire instead of C25K and Bodyrock. Turbo Fire is 20 weeks. So, that would put me getting done in September. I feel like I need to push myself to see results that I want. I would also like to do P90X but maybe after Turbo Fire. I love Bodyrock too. UGH!!!! I’ll have to think about it over the weekend.
I am back, it is the new year, I am making black eyed peas and rice, collards and cornbread for dinner and for good luck in the new year. Tomorrow I clean the house and make some soups for work next week. Slowly I'll recover from the super fun trip to the winter wonderland and get back into the swing of gardening in the city.
on dung-covered mound;
I feel like such an asshole and part of the problem is that I have almost always put my kids ahead of my wife. If I get a chance to do it again, I promise that I will put my first energy into my wife and our relationship and my secondary energy into the kids. I love my kids dearly and probably got married so I could be a dad. It was my heart’s desire (more so than being a husband) so today I reap those fields that I have planted.
Sarah Connolly (mezzo-soprano)
After weeks of prodding, I accepted an invitation to play trivia with my boss and some of his family tonight. As is the case with all other things, trivia is different in the ‘burbs. As soon as I heard the team names I was taken aback. In my neighborhood, trivia team names are badges of honor (or at least of decadence). Team names in Dunwoody are “The Parents”. In the EAV we were the “Prom Night Dumpster Babies” – in Dunwoody tonight, my team name was the “Diablos”. Though catchy, it’s not edgy is it? “Stephen Hawking’s Football Boots” was
I hate how she plants insecurities in my head and makes me question the things I hold dear in my life and then fuck everything up and then how I end up ranting like this when I am sure there are worse parents out there and how I feel like I should just suck it up. I fucking hate the way she makes me feel like shit, like I’m failing as an adult.
I really can’t contain myself. I feel this obsessive need to blog every time something good happens to me, and guess what preppies? That decision has changed again. Right when you think I’m one way? One thing?
I bought this dress on sale from Classic Clothing (I know, again!!) but I needed the tights to complete the look. I finally found the tights the other day but they only had them in size 3x-4x - but they seem to work alright. There is a rather generous gusset/rump in them that thankfully isn't seen!
I think I mentioned before that I really like Transferware, and that I managed to find a huge set of it last July while I was in Milwaukee. I brought it home in February and we are happily eating off of it everyday.
It's June.
1365 **D-XII/4/2000. “A Clarification Clarified.” Memorandum to the Faculty, Loyola University of Chicago School of Law, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(5), above, pp. 122-29.)
(my photo, The Creators Project)
Looking forward, content to shun
Homework- Give each student a Moses and the Laws of God Take Home Sheet for their parents to go over with them to review what we have done in class. Parents need to help their child fill this out and bring back to class the following week. Students that complete their homework and bring it back to class will be able to play Homeworkopoly. Each Sunday the students make a mini story book and/or story wheel in class. Students need to read these to their parents (or the parents read to them) the mini book and/or story wheel for homework.
With heaven standing open, what does John see? John sees Jesus riding on a white horse. What was the message this gave to the followers of the dragon and the beast? That Jesus, not the beast, not the dragon, was triumphant. That they were backing the wrong rider. Remember the picture of Babylon, the harlot, in Revelation 17? She was pictured as a woman riding the dragon. This woman used riches and money and materialism to seduce and allure people to follow the dragon. She was so successful that kings and peoples followed her. But now they all find out they backed the wrong rider – it is Jesus Who is on the white horse of victory.
A girl's night in. A boy's night out. Concepts of complete cuntitude, of comprehensive cockness. Why must we be divided so? Why must we be so divided? Yeah, yeah, yeah, we're familiar with Gimme's fake feminist schtick. But I have more. Check this shit out. They're getting "the girls 'round." Not the women, despite the fact that this all appears to be aimed at grown ups. The girls. And just so's you know, there's nothing better than not having to worry about bad chat up lines. Personally I can think of one or two things better than that and none of them involve worry or women and no me. But yes, it's a girl's night in. Yes, it's for the kind of people who like "baking up a storm", who love "gossiping all night long", who like to "dress down in PJs and watch the X-Factor". Who bitch about their best friend when they go to the toilet. Who cry when they hear their best friend bitching about them through the toilet door. Who wake up on a Sunday with traces of their farting, belching still drunk boyfriend's vomit on their PJs from when he came in arseholed after a lad's night out and tried to rape them, but lacking an erection, threw up on them instead.
ERSEA/Family and Community Specialist
I took me four hours to get ready...but I think the result was worth all that time. This is what I looked like!
Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds Into my arms AUS
Harriet shone with positive energy and told me she loves her job because she loves to travel. When she drives a taxi she gets to meet people with all kinds of different backgrounds - and that's the thing she really loves about travelling; it’s meeting people.
Brain.
* Meet up with blogger friends for Mums Tea Party
13. Band Introductions
passing by streets of celestial calm
30. The total population is around 5.2 million, around 8.5 per cent of the UK’s population.
Anton gave a slow, mischievous grin. “You would not find me.”
The film is more message than joke, and so it ends with the barber - and his (in)famous sermon to the masses in the name of peace and love. Some critics, such as Ebert, say this ruins the film - basically turning it into a mouthpiece for Chaplin's personal political beliefs. (Other people, like zany Slovenian philosopher Slavoj Žižek, note the interesting parallels between Hynkel and the barber in how they sway the masses.) Our take was much more meek, partly because we were feeling a little emotionally bruised by the end of this film, and earnest pleas for justice and humanity were a welcome respite from all the preceding fictional and non-fictional insanity.
The Colorado Water Conservation Board’s mission today is the same as when written in 1937; 75 years later the CWCB mission statement is: Conserve, develop, protect and manage Colorado’s water for present and future generations.
Carrying a gun on you in plain visible sight is asking for trouble. First of all, Children. A child walking by and seeing it will become intrigued immediately. It will become a nation of Gun carrying rogues. Who needs that?
declaring I finally have purpose.
We knew our parents were dying. That the humans were dying out, as a life form. That with time, the humans on their isolated worlds would fragment into separate countries. And those countries would break down into separate states, then separate kingdoms, then separate cities. And eventually, into towns, then villages. They they would become tribal again. And then, even their tribal structure would break down.
Incidentally, vintage fashion is quite acceptable, and I’ll amend the rules to reflect this. Keep in mind that Oscar is 84 years old this year. People were walking the red carpet long before it became so important to fashion critics. Witness this small retrospective of past Academy Awards ceremonies:
Everything I used here was from the Sunshine kit that I bought from Scrapbook Steals, of course, my favourite place to buy my My Minds Eye collections from! Only thing I added was a tiny bit of white Bazzill basics cardstock. The text was printed onto some Sunshine paper from a 6x6 pad I bought previously from Scrapbook Steals.
09. The Returner
What do you want to experience or achieve in your life? Who do you want to be? How do you hope to portray yourself to the world?
Once a dream did weave a shade
M is for marriage: 11/20/2004
Finally, after a lot of campaigning, organising, lobbying and discussion, money was finally scraped together and made available from various sources to begin work on making it a usable resource once again.
For me, that has meant walking away from a sink full of dishes, and a mess of a living room. Ignoring the computer and to do list.
Jesus said the money changers in this temple will not stand
My savory bacon stuffing
In order for Article 82(1) to apply, Samsung Electronics GmbH would need to be considered a subsidiary of Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd (South Korea). This seems not to be the case. Due to the plaintiff's headquarters being situated in California, Article 82(2) could not be applied either.
I am so happy to have a rabbit around again.
I can't wait to see what everyone comes up with for these colors, so please join in the challenge and be sure you leave some love for the other DT members with their gorgeous creations!
What he found, which has been corroborated by other experts interviewed by AlterNet, is an astounding amount of vulnerably stored spent fuel, also known as irradiated fuel, at the Fukushima Daiichi site. His immediate focus is on the fuel stored in the damaged unit 4′s pool, which contains the single largest inventory of highly radioactive spent fuel of any of the pools in the damaged reactors.
of dark dark dark
Almost all these cell phones are the most suitable combination of style in addition to features. Like every most recent cellular phones, Motorola mobile phones will be offered using specifications including 3G, smooth in addition to large display screen, Bluetooth, GPRS ,EDGE ,USB, High Mega-pixel camera, tunes participant, video tutorial poker player, social network webpages connections together with a great deal additional.
Cidney, the Domestic Goddess
Me *with attitude*: ”Umm, are you just gonna let yourself in?”
I am not kidding. Absolute & total silence.
Welcome back crafters...thankyou to everyone who entered our Shabby Chic challenge and they were all stunners...as always our winner is randomly chosen and this week its detje please e mail me at linniepink@googlemail.com with your choice of two free sheets.
His proposed action, though in itself stood to injure no one, was presented as if it were a heinous crime (sections of the media are now demanding that he “repent”). In stark contrast, Islamic intolerance is relatively commonplace, and its victims are many and far-flung. But it is either ignored or semi-excused by references to Iraq and Afghanistan.
Over the past several days I have seen Occupy Norfolk grow exponentially. The movement is still in it’s infancy however the Facebook Group Occupy Norfolk has doubled in size going from 500 members to over 1000 in one day. They plan on marching October 6th. Where will you be that day? If you are one of the 99% and live in the Hampton Road area I urge you to join us.
I do enjoy gardening. Gardening is obviously is an extension of my food obsession. You should not get the impression that I have a clue as to what I am doing in the garden only that I love the feel of my hands in the dirt, and that gardening is therapeutic. More importantly, the idea that the food that we grow is brought directly from our dirt to my family or friends table is a soulful experience. I am hooked.
Remember that your substrate is part of the equation. Some materials, like this pulp newsprint paper, darken and increase in chroma with exposure to sunlight.
T: wait, are you gonna sing again?
And if you want to wait and read THE NEAR WITCH first, don't worry! Cole's story will stay up on Disney*Hyperion's website, and if it ever comes down, Victoria will carve out a space for it on her own site. It will always be available somewhere, and it will always be free.
Actor Richard Wilson (One Foot In the Grave, Doctor Who ‘The Empty Child’) presented the writer Hugh Hughes with the award for Best Scripted Comedy Drama for Floating.
Find Design Diva on Twitter:
When it threatens
Using a knife or a mandolin, slice apples as thin as possible. Lay them side by side on a baking sheet, being careful not to overlap, lest you want conjoined chips.
Below are a list of resources you can use to study the Titanic, but don't stop there. It's important to learn dates and facts, but as trainers of our children's character and mentors in their relationship with God there is also a great opportunity to take the lessons deeper into our children's heart.
And though I thought today would be better. And it was. For exactly three hours. And then MB said that he was thinking about going to have a drink with a friend after work today. And then I became that psychopath that I was about the unfolded laundry that one time. And I thought to myself, “Who does he think he is? Beer is not an option! We have six weeks left and I’ll be damned if that jerk gets to drink beer while I sit here and patiently wait to pop this damn kid out. Without so much as a cigarette! Are you kidding me?!” And then I got angry that he had had the audacity to suggest such a thing. And then I got depressed that he wanted to leave and hang out with his friend while I am creating LIFE in my BODY and can barely lift my fat ass from the couch! And you can probably (especially if you are or have been pregnant) see where this is going to end up…where I am hysterically sobbing and snotting all over the place wondering if this child will ever come and if I will ever feel like a normal person again. And if MB will even come home from work today because, after all, I am a complete lunatic and why would he want to be with a lunatic? Even if this lunatic is cooking his kid! You ladies know the drill…I don’t need to go any further.
The panther is one of the animal kingdom’s most dangerous predators and, were the team from Charlotte made up of giant panthers, they would’ve easily overcome the giant men. However, the New Yorkers used their superior size to literally step all over the cats, opening their new state-of-the-art stadium with a resounding victory.
3-4 tbls goats cheese (optional)
2 – 3 Tbsp water
For 25¢ the chicken comes out, pecks on a tic-tac-toe board, earning a treat each turn, and the human walks away with a cool postcard, win or lose. (caveat: I know this kind of Conditioned Response training not always the ideal situation for a chicken, few of those honestly exist, not even in my back yard. So I make my backyard and my tic-tac-toe training as loving and as friendly as I possibly can as a flawed human being who has no recollection of ever being a chicken, backyard or otherwise)
We arrived slightly late and walked from the pier, past the Lomprayah office searching for a beige Fortuna and our host, Pip who had kindly agreed to pick us up. We found the car and dumped our things and waited for the owner to arrive. Fortunately he didn’t as it was the wrong car, and as I set off in search of Pip, he arrived from the other pier on foot. Warmly welcoming us, he went to get the car and we were off to the villa, via Tesco for provisions.
Beautiful baby daughter - " when you're old and demented you can live with me, well older and more demented. I mean all I have to do is give you a cup of tea and a plant to water and you'll be dead happy"
in the power of Your Spirit. Thank You for the privilege of bringing
Another type of escape that Kaplan et al. describe is from mental effort. The opportunity to rest the mind and truly relax is a primary intention many of us have when planning vacations.
“But oh my god, where are your tiaras? Oh come on, didn’t they tell you had to wear a tiara. But like, you should have known that. Okay, so tell me, like when can you wear a tiara?” says Cabot, herself sporting a sparkly tiara on her head.
"Al. Three burritos? You know, those things have, like, eleven-hundred calories each," I told him. "You're going to explode. Get out of my cubicle."
No matter how fierce the exasperation and disgust which Aaron directs towards the Republic's treatment of Native Americans in Scalped, he never resorts to idealising the citizens of the Reservation. Of course, his point is that even the best of women and men can and most likely will be corrupted to a lesser or greater degree by degrading and grindingly difficult situations, so any casting of his predominantly Native American characters as shiningly innocent and noble proletarians would hardly help his case. Yet a great many of his characters are given moments which humanise them and suggest that, were the world just constituted in a fairer and more humane fashion, they'd most likely be far better people than they've ended up. This process doesn't mean that Aaron and Guera ever expect us to side with the likes of the ultimately reprehensible Red Crow, but by the same token, it's impossible not to empathise with his awareness that he's committed a host of the most terrible crimes. Time and time again, Aaron presents us with characters who it'd be easy to portray as threatening and irredeemable outsiders. Dino and his friends drinking away the day in a landscape of beer cans, wrecked cars and crows, for example, have their ruined lives represented in a way which emphasises the waste of their potential without it ever being suggested that they've chosen the existence which they're self-medicating their way through.
- Teal patterned background paper
Interviewee:”Yes.”
Talk unbelief, and you’ll have unbelief; but talk faith, and you’ll have faith. According to the seed sown will be the harvest.
Who cares about family legacies/history through photography – and who doesn’t?
STEVIE MACK RADIO – Skye Delamey
I grew up in Chattanooga, where I worked as pediatric RN. In 1978 I married Ray Simmons and moved to Atlanta. My husband and I have five children. Together we homeschooled them through high school. I taught basic reading and writing. Ray taught advanced writing and critical thinking. When we began homeschooling, few people did it. Neighbors often asked me if it was legal, but our kids did well in college. Several earned advanced degrees.
A two mile trip marked this bikes maiden voyage yesterday, and I was very pleased with how it performed. Other than a front brake and seat adjustment, there was nothing else I needed to tweak. During the overhaul, I completely disassembled the rear wheel hub for cleaning and repacking of the bearings. I had worries in the back of my mind about how the gears would shift, but they functioned perfectly, needing no further adjustment.
I warm myself in your sunshine within your presence.
Ok, as you can see this kitchen is from Segreto Finishes. It is my new most favorite. I love so many things about it. Again, a black La Cornue stove, oils and vinegar nearby, that great window over the sink, the mellow color of the cabinets, island and ceiling, and those industrial-restoration-hardware- looking stools. The lighting, the glass-doored refrigerator, the shelving with the copper pots - all great.
Courtesy: Skysports
8. Do not straighten your hair with a clothes iron. C'mon, this was so over in the 70s. We have straightening irons that won't damage your hair for this now. Look in the hair care isle.
Loving? Too much.
Another important line (in my opinion) was "We will make every effort to work with Ministers in Cardiff to achieve what is best for Wales". Her PPS takes exactly the same view, and thinks this a good line to finish on.
I find it a lot easier to make bento for myself. I eat most food, so I have free reign of whatever ingredient I want, and in whatever portion I want.
Here is my most recent attempt to explain to students my conception of a naturalistic explanation of culture. I’m using the word “umbworld” (a back formation from an Old English word) to emphasize that the human environment is both physical/ecological and social (as is actually true of all social species).
Free book Fridays during May — spread the word!
All the flowers and crochets are from Prima. The white bird is from Prima as well. The pearls have been made with Pearl Maker Pastel Lilac. Lace from a LSS, yellow ribbon was a gift from a friend. Most papers have been distressed with Distress Ink Dusty Concord.
I'm also happy he hasn't been very sick or fussy. I'm know I'm probably jinxing it, but Ian's such a perfect angel 95% of the time. Yes, he demands to be constantly plugged in most of the day (I checked the little log on my iPod and was shocked to see that I spend between 5 and 9 hours nursing throughout the day, depending on if he's going through a growth spurt, tanking up for the night, or just feeling lonely or insecure). But other than the constant feeding, he's pretty much a mellow baby.
For today's randomness, have a comic:
"No," Jason smiled, the heart-melting begun afresh, and held out the paper I'd grabbed from my table. "You dropped this, and I thought you might..."
Changing Hands Bookstore
Jacket (RW & Co., consignment), top (Hama Hama by Smoking Lily), skirt (OptionElle, consignment), boots (Hispanitas, consignment), belt (swap from Ruth), studded cuff (vintage 80s), cuff (Guess, thrifted).
1/ (mon) plaid shirt by Etoile by Isabel Marant, burgundy pants by Zara, leopard coat by Gryphon and tan suede slingback bow flats by Carven
We grow sometimes in one dimension, and not in another; unevenly.
Primary school years in Scotland.
Steve was working late, the kids were in bed, and Diane decided to take a nice shower to color the anomalous grey streak she had developed from the stress of the ordeal. Afterwards, she was lounging in bed with a rather seductive over-shirt and panties. Suddenly, havoc ensued in the children’s bedroom; and Carol Anne was soon to be sucked up in the closet (again!). I think the Victorians had it right with wardrobes! Oh wait; there are lions and witches in there! Everyone should just have cedar chests! Jesus!
As per longer working hours…..you going to the union with that Tim? Because trust me, the minute you talking longer working hours, then you are talking a renegotiation of people’s terms of employment and that’s something you, the TSC and the union have to discuss….asking for people’s feedback at a meeting is you being a bacchanalist and raising a red herring…..what happen, you find we too focused on Vidwattie Newton the Travelling Assistant Nurse?
Goals against: 50
is Glamorous Review number six of the eight so far.
kill 2 birds with one stone
brown sugar/jaggery - 1 tsp
what do you think you will be doing in 10 years?
We use them for holding homeschool papers and books. Purple is for my reference papers, pink is for Annaliese's weekly papers, blue is for Bryce's and Christopher is only two so for now his holds any papers I want to use in the future for any of the kids.
"We decided to pull over the Audi and switched on our sirens and lights," Odendaal said.
Have you enjoyed the poetry this month? The mini-essays? Are you merely grateful that it’s all over? Whichever, why not take a little pocket change – or a lot! – and donate to MSF.
Let the water you drink today drown the fat girl inside of you. Let that girl scream in agony as she tries reach out for a chicken sandwich with her little sausage fingers. Silence her! She does not control you any longer. Now repeat after me. Food is for the weak! Food is for the weak!
We still have to plant out the green/spring Onions we started by seed but for now we’re just letting the Rain soak in.
Total weight lost: -2
My mouth doing as it pleases
"First, it's fast – there's almost no line. That's because they're not looking for liquids, they're not looking at your shoes. They're not looking for everything they look for in North America. They just look at you," said Sela. "Even today with the heightened security in North America, they will check your items to death. But they will never look at you, at how you behave. They will never look into your eyes ... and that's how you figure out the bad guys from the good guys."
*And when I say ‘masculinity,’ I pretty much mean ‘post-war American stereotypical masculinity’
I don’t have a copy but a quick scrutiny of the contents suggests this as a thoughtful mix of the new and the over-familiar-but-that-doesn’t-make-’em-bad. Wasn’t the original radio ‘Man In Black’ the super-creepy Valentine Dyall of City Of The Dead/ The Haunting fame? I’m sure Day At The Dentist’s has been favourably remarked on Vault Mk. I and I can vouch for the all round superbness Stephen Gallagher’s superlative The Horn.
Here are the guidelines for the Liebster Blog Award
The movements are not formally aligned, but the relatively new English Defence League - which warns that Islamic fundamentalism will soon engulf Britain - is seeking guidance and inspiration from some US figures taking a similar stance.
I was also approached from time to time by other micro's, most of whom I was happy to deal with on an infrequent basis, although I did find it annoying when pestered with phone calls by certain breweries trying to persuade me to take another firkin of their beer, particularly when I had only
Jen and Janette: Before you go...do you think we could get a hug and kiss? Just on the cheek.
MJ: You describe yourself as a workaholic, where do you think that mentality comes from?
It's a good thing because a member of our group was late and only found us because I was sitting outside drawing while everyone was inside that courtyard.
Today, I’m looking to pick your brain. Here is the question:
Are you a poker player?
RATH: Yeah, and that’s the case because we all are on our separate path, this season. That being said, we do have scenes where we come together and try to rebuild.
How to Indy Crawl(and get a sweet limited run pint glass) :
greenthumb. . . parsnip
According to the opinion by Circuit Judge Gajarsa,
Shoutouts to Mark, Bastard, Al, B&B from ABFTS, Lord Phrozen, and someone else, I forget who.
If I was asked to choose the sexiest man alive, it would be:
“I’m sorry but I have to do that.”With smile, his father says.
Well folks...I tried to avoid it...but I just can't keep up anymore! With an almost 3 year old and a baby on the way (arriving SO shortly), the blog is really suffering and it makes me terribly sad! So I am looking for a blog contributor or two! Who would like to write for The Mommy Goods? This is a really hard decision for me, because this blog is another of my babies, but I just cannot keep up the amount of posts that I need to and so I am hoping that one of you lovely mamas would like to help me out! I will of course still be around and will be doing my series on newborn diapering after baby J comes, but I just cannot keep up with the blog on my own and give it the attention (and you guys the information) that I feel it deserves!
It was sad having to say good-bye to Rich. I truly hope this won't be the last time we ever see him. Please keep him in your prayers that he and Sue will be able to find a neurologist with a heart that will put Rich's welfare first instead of his pocketbook.
Thea Devine here, a rabid Mahjong Titans fan. I play it endlessly, I’m fascinated by it, I love it. But what I never expected was that I would go crazy nuts over physics games. You know — the cut, slice, dice, collide and explode things kind of games. Oh my goodness — your basic hopeless-at-math, barely-passed-algebra, don’t even talk to me about geometry, calculus. trigonometry or physics student madly in love with and intensively absorbed by physics games.
Repeat.
I stamped the inside of the card and the matching envelope using the coordinating "Delicate Doilies" stamp set and Pool Party ink. It's so soft and just really lovely.
At first it seemed as though Nasim and Kristen were reprising their characters form the corn syrup commercial. Is this, like, the tenth sketch this season about cell phone penis pictures? B
We then sauntered over to Broadway Brewery just down the street. Several of us enjoyed Broadway's Winter Warmer while other's raided Broadway's nice bottle and guest tap list. We weren't there for long as we had other stops to make.
I've never had alcohol, tried drugs or even touched a cigarette. None of these things.
Placing a glass order (I need all the basics)
Here is some inspiration from the fabulous Pixies:
Pork Chops with Orange Dijon Sauce
Oh charming, I’m sure. And this is supposed to make me feel better?
‘Get down at once, Richard,’ she snapped. ‘You’re going to kill yourself.’
Then one of them opened his eyes. And screamed.
The husband, an older gentleman, had a sunburned face. Needless to say, he was stunned when he found me standing before him, crowbar in hand. My swing was accurate and resulted in a bleeding forehead. He went down fast and easy. The woman, also sunburned, had bleached hair, exaggerated by the roots.
We ended up getting my dad an “Al Pack.” It was a bunch of his favorite things because the man is impossible to shop for. Paul’s assessment of the dilemma as we were shopping: “He literally doesn’t do anything for fun. He drinks beer while watering the grass. That’s it. Well, the “Al Pack” contained a sleeveless t-shirt (oxymoron alert), beef jerky, peanut M&Ms, the movie Hanna, and a 12-pack of Bud Light Platinum. After he rummaged through it, he thanked us. I said, “I hope you like it, you’re so hard to shop for.” “Yeah, he said, I just come home, pop open a beer, then water the grass.” He’s a simple guy. I think you can see, though, that he had a pretty great birthday even without breaking into the goodies.
How was my performance at U Bowl? Not too excellent but not too shabby either. By fluke, I managed to get some strikes and spares!
-Knitting a sweater specifically to run in is not high on my priority list. Socks are high on my priority list. Knee-high socks are even higher on my priority list. If I really got going, I can see semi-accidentally knitting a pair of woolen running tights. I need an all-wool winter running outfit. Mis-matching, of course.
12.5 gram gelatin sheet (you add 5 more gram it need bit more firm)
More on this weekend getaway to come…
はち：昨日の夜飲んじゃったからない。仏教って飲酒ＯＫなの？
So confident was I that my fellow campers would be well prepared, I didn’t bother to take survival rations or a first aid kit. Had there been a crisis, I couldn’t have wished for a better bunch of people to be with. There were experts many fields, including:
I can say that this blog has prepared me for this project in more than one way. Yet, at least with the blog I don't have to go back and check for editing. I can just write what I think and let it be what it is. So if you see mistakes in this post, please excuse them. I promise the book will be better.
It's soon to be rectified, though. My latest batch of "Sherpa Porter" should be pouring by this weekend. Not that it's very light...it'll finish at about 6.5%ABV. I did pick up the grain for a simple American Pale Ale, the other day. I'll see if I can find the time to brew it on Sunday afternoon. I haven't brewed an APA in a while. I need a good "session ale" at home, so I don't have to buy a commercial version.
A motive is broken on its foundry of essence
My original plan was to use this card base found on Birthday Bash sized to 5.06 inches. I added an owl at 1.82 inches and the circle image at 2.76 inches from Happy Graduation. I welded 2012 using numbers from Birthday Bash.
Last night's Bachelor finale was actually really special for me...because I got to watch it some of my best friends from college...in New York!
Tex was not feeling up to par on Sunday (he fell and wrenched his knee pretty badly and it was swollen) and we said he could stay home and rest if he watched a sermon while we were gone. When we got back from church he excitedly shared how good the Christian: It's Not What You Think series from Andy Stanley is and asked if we'd watch it so we could talk about it.
Griffin isn’t good at a ton of things. “Quitting” appears to fall into that category.
The interviewees make it clear that Goodman had a certain charm about him that made people want to sit up and listen. Paul Goodman Changed My Life doesn’t have that same spark, or that “certain something” that makes us want to take notice. It’s a solid documentary, no doubt, but it’s less accessible to those who don’t already know Goodman coming in. Paul Goodman Changed My Life is a good place to start one’s education of Goodman, but it ultimately leaves a lot for the viewer to figure out on their own.
First off, I hate flying. Hate it. I am so thankful the trip from Oakland to LA was just about 2 hours or so. It’s not just the whole I-am-thousands-of-feet-off-the-ground-and-could-potentially-plummet-to-my-death-at-any-moment train of thought, it’s also the recycled air, the germs, the strangers who won’t share the damn arm rest, the inability to stretch my legs, plus sitting in the MIDDLE seat instead of an aisle seat as I prefer (since hubby is so tall and really needs the aisle seat).
This is not something that we’re just doing to grow government. We’re doing this because this is what the best minds tell us needs to be done. — President Barack Obama, House Democratic retreat in Williamsburg, Va., pressing for passage of his stimulus plan, February 2009
Just as we are uniting in the physical as an evolved (human) race populating the third planet from our orbiting sun, we are uniting in consciousness to become a single (Group Mind) unit which in the few days remaining of the last Great Cycle is preparing itself to ascend, to become Superconsciousness or Overmind as we return to Source.
I am at day for of my 30/30/30 challenge. And today's page is all about frustration, in more ways than one. I am sort of having one of those days, where I feel like I'm really isolated. The problem with any kind of career where you work alone, is that sometimes you feel really alone. And the thing is, is that a lot of the people in my life really don't get what I do. For the most part, I'm ok with that. Or I should say, I've accepted the fact that part of being an artist means that a lot of the time you're on the outside. So I decided to work out my frustration on my journal page.
Keith and the case of the missing wonga
with the new dough,
I learned that when she was walking into the University across Hyde Park, she was attacked. I asked who attacked her. “Just kids”, she replied. I felt she was being somewhat evasive. When I put it to her that she had been mugged by a gang of feral blacks she replied: “Yes, yes, but I’m not racist”. It turned out that the same girl had been badly beaten up by three big black girls in London some six weeks prior to the attack in Leeds. Note her inability psychologically to defend herself. It was if she felt guilty about what had happened. Here is another example. A student came to see me. She told me that she was not up to lessons. I asked why. On the day before she had arrived back in Leeds from London. Just outside the immediate precinct of Leeds Station she stopped to phone her mother to let her know that she had arrived. While on the phone she was punched in the face by a black mugger who stole her mobile phone. She related this incident quite calmly. When I pointed out to her that a lethal response would have been entirely appropriate had she been armed, she wandered off into a mini-tirade about “racism”. The truly alarming thing about these two incidents is not the physical assaults on two innocent young women – bad enough - but the utterly disturbing reaction of the victims themselves to what had befallen them: no healthy, normal and rational desire to see the perpetrators of these attacks punished just utter fear that any remarks that were in anyway critical of the attackers would be construed as “racism”. Relentless multicultural brainwashing in our primary and secondary education sectors is responsible.
As varied a group of filmmakers as Quentin Tarantino, Robert Bruno Forzani, Fred Dekker, Scott Glosserman, Eli Roth, Fred Dekker and Jason Eisener. You can even include Martin Scorsese in this mix if you consider, as I do, Shutter Island to be his tribute to Val Lewton.
McQueen once stated that: “Birds in flight fascinate me… I try and transpose the beauty of a bird to women”. He understood the importance of plumage – or perhaps even of dressage. He also recognized the capacity clothes hold to both inspire and disturb. There is a sense behind every crafted corset, behind every padded hip, behind every bead and stitch of embroidery, that there was an intelligent, highly imaginative thought process. McQueen’s collections were not merely a grouping of dresses, but a narrative. His designs told stories. They weren't always pleasant or pretty ones, but the depth and unpredictability was what distinguished him from many of his peers. Tales can be gruesome or scary, but it's the manner of telling that distinguishes the good from the memorably great. McQueen ‘told’ his collections with such talent and craft – a master tailor and storyteller.
1. I ran my River Rock ink pad over the inside cover of my Patchwork embossing folder, inserted my white card stock panel and embossed it. This colors the background of the embossed panel and not the pushed up parts (clean the ink off your folder as soon as you emboss the paper).
It was the first Christmas Stupid and I were together, and we were in Satans Playground, Wal*Mart. At Christmas time. We were standing in line at the checkout, next to a display of blow-up shit you plunk in your front yard. There was a blow-up display of a reindeer without a red nose, wearing a scarf and hat. Stupid's daughter, Smartass, asked which of the reindeer that was. After running through the list, and having them all rejected, I leaned down.
If you don’t like the track, you’ve probably never felt that rush when you think you might have hit the trifecta. And then the board posts the unofficial numbers, you wait through a photo finish, and you realize, damn right, you hit the tri. If you don’t know that rush, then don’t roll your eyes at the track.
I could have chosen to have enjoyed the glory, and it was exquisitely tempting. But I felt to carry on at Kingsmeadow, an approx. 80 minute trans-transpontine journey rather than the hop, skip & a jump to Dulwich Hamlet’s Champion Hill, would be to play my small role in the contemporary capitalist logic of consumption that was itself the breeding ground of the madcap move to Milton Keynes.
I can't even look at her without wondering the following:
I have 80 pictures left to be imported from my show over the weekend. I can't wait to see the photos. I am resting before I have to leave again in half and hour. And then I will be back. And then I will write.
It sat out in my garage for a week or so while I decided what to do with it. I finally settled on a pretty blue color from Benjamin Moore (Santa Monica Blue) Yes, I primed the whole thing as I wanted to be sure to cover up those terrible gray "inlays". I also removed the hardware, filled the holes on the doors with wood filler and sanded it all down. I used an oil based paint on this piece as I wanted a durable surface since I planned to use it for serving, etc. Once it was all painted, I also did 2 coats of matte poly to harden it further.
aromatic warmth
18- intervista & radio credits 5.09
As a casual games machine, this isn’t a bad device at all, and the comfy rubber grip on the back means it won’t slip from your hands during an intense session.
they live, burning as brands there.
The first sip seems tart, and then warms into a more sweeter flavor, almost a sticky consistency, but finished quite dry. This is probably a "thick" beer for most of you. The Husband liked it, but said he'd never drink more than one. I loved it, but I don't know if I would have many more than one at a time either.
04. Just Right
He actually asked for a zucchini bread birthday cake. So there was something healthy in it, right? We make zucchini bread with regularity in the summer and instead of bread we make cupcakes. The kids love them. The recipe for that, if you're interested, is here in a post from last year.
The majesty of a tree,
The Creative Intersection: The first question that springs to mind is what is it like now that Rachel (Jensen) is leaving the band?
Good news that the government are going to allow all pubs to open until 1 am on the Friday and Saturday of the Diamond Jubilee weekend, without having to go through the rigmarole of applying for a special licence. However, not everyone is happy:
22C Founders Black Biscuit 10.5%
Story and photos by Tim Worden
“How come all of the jurisdictions put under emergency management are majority African American? Has anybody noticed that?” asked Rep. John Conyers (D), who has represented Detroit for 47 years.
Two-and-a-half years ago I quit working at an upscale Japanese steakhouse to move abroad. I thought I would never wait tables again, and that was fine with me. And for a while I avoided it. But, now I find myself here again, working in an upscale BBQ restaurant (the concept seems to work somehow. Apparently rich people like barbecue too, only they like a $45 bottle of Sauvignon Blanc to go with their brisket).
Ronny Meyes: Guitar (tracks 11, 12)
"Scheduled" is an important word here: The trustees make calculations of future costs and benefits based on various scenarios of how the economy might play out over the years. Initial benefits for a new retiree are calculated on a wage base. The thing is, over time, wages tend to rise a bit faster than inflation. Which means projected - that is, "scheduled" - initial benefits also rise a bit faster than inflation. The bottom line is that 75% of scheduled benefits in 2033 will provide about the same standard of living as current benefits do today.
1st Place: $10,000
WE LOVE THEM.
I thank GOD for giving me this child (I had a miracle survivor story for this baby) and she is a healthy always baby..
Apparently, wearing pajama's inside out and backward, stashing a spoon under the pillow and doing an actual dance is not enough to make sure the weatherman/woman's predicted snowfall guarantees a snow day. Adding an orange in a hat and placing it in the freezer, well, that is the clencher....
Cat Woman: iPhone.
Destroyed by UMNO
I have been using my "plaid stash" to make some fun mittens....I am going to do a "Use what I have" tutorial about this soon....because the cuffs and lining are made of old sweaters!
Now you’re just somebody that I used to know
“The Trilateral Commission is intended to be the vehicle for multinational consolidation of the commercial and banking interests by seizing control of the political government of the United States. The Trilateral Commission represents a skillful, coordinated effort to seize control and consolidate the four centers of power–Political, Monetary, Intellectual, and Ecclesiastical.” – U.S. Senator Barry Goldwater, his book “No Apologies”, 1964
I was only trying to impress some girl. It was either the slight paunch or coughing up of cigarette smoke!
How To Help Reduce Stress At Work
SB: Boy, I hardly know where to start, Lord. I have so many questions! Just based on what you said, never mind what I had on my piece of paper here. Perhaps we can just pick up the readers on a—pardon me, the listeners—on a number of scores.
And God said, I will create a companion for you that will be with you and who will be a reflection of my love for you, so that you will love me even when you cannot see me. Regardless of how selfish or childish or unlovable you may be, this new companion will accept you as you are and will love you as I do, in spite of yourselves.’
“Well, I just don’t understand why you’d assign me TOFU. I mean, TOFU? Do I look like a woman who would use TOFU as my safe word? Jesus.”
Without fail, here is how it works out. You stumble out of your pigloo (I assume that is where you sleep because that is where I do), I yell at you to not forget about me. You turn on that weird noise box so you can here NPR tell you about traffic and weather. I scream and scream and you say "just a minute buddy", like I'm your fucking friend. Then you give me that half hearted handfull of hay, not caring if there is even a single puffy grass top in the mix. Then you go about what it is your people do. Before you leave, I yell again to let you know that you have not met my needs properly and you have the fucking audacity to say such things as "yes buddy, I know, but I have to go to work to keep you in hay." As IF you keep me in hay!? That shit is scarce as I have to rely on your meager handfulls.
Addressing this subject, Pope Benedict XVI recently said, “The pursuit of a diagnosis and of a therapy represents the most scientifically correct approach to the question of infertility, but also that which is most respectful of the integral humanity of the subjects involved. In fact, the union of the man and woman in that community of life that is matrimony constitutes the only dignified ‘place’ in which a new human being, which is always a gift, may be called into existence.”
I love the nose on this. It's like what I imagine it would be like to stick your head into a peat bog, smoky, earthy and a tad sweet (okay maybe a bog wouldn't be sweet, I don't know). The palate is at once sweet and smoky but that's about it. It has a lot less complexity than the nose and there is a bit of a chemical element which lasts through to the finish. A drop of water, though, does a lot to bring out some of those more earthy flavors I was missing from the nose and adds a more multi-dimensional quality, bringing in some of that earthiness and even a more distinct wine note, so I'd recommend this one with water (something I rarely find myself saying).
When I get acquainted with people and they tell me they are living immorally, I may ask, “Do you believe in God and that you must answer to Him? Or do you think we are accidents of nature with no more meaning than an insect, and that it doesn’t matter how we live?” When they express some belief in God (and almost everyone does), I’ll gently share with them what He has said about about their conduct. Many times this opens the door to present the good news of salvation.
But next year, this time? You can fully expect that I'm going to be planning one of those "HOLYSHITI'MTURNING40" trips/events that I am going to NEED my girls for.
