Here is one of the many reasons knives are one of the best things around:
The energy outside the Chicago Theatre was CRAZY! The fans were beyond ready. Once we were allowed inside, I made a beeline to purchase a program and tee shirt. I was escorted to my seat by a friendly upbeat usher who told me I was in for quite a show. My seat was on the main floor in perfect view of the stage, I got settled, chatted with some people nearby; saw a few friends, and spent time texting and checking Twitter. Mindless Behavior, a tween group took to the stage. They were good but definitely not for my demographic. I was eager (very) for them to get through their set. They were cute and energetic but I can only take so much auto-tune.
This week has been busy. Remember that story I started that was supposed to be the next short short in the City of Free Reads section on this blog? Well, it is now a short novel and I finished it yesterday. I wrote the ending on the first full draft that is. Now I have to edit and design a cover, and come up with a new title. The old tentative title no longer fits the story. I like this story and I love how it just took off and really flourished into what it is now.
I had to pivot completely by cutting our print publication and redeveloping our online presence along with our media kit and editorial and sales systems. Our print business model did not have the growth potential that we could experience online. We’ve already proven that by moving online, we have surpassed our reach in print.
Above: See? Totally doing it.
2pm is a fucked up time to be Rose. Why? That's around the time each day when my body goes fucking nuts. Either hunger or temperature. Some days I'll go from zero to HOLY SHIT GET FOOD IN ME NOW I'M SO HUNGRY I MIGHT PASS OUT. While my stomach is still mostly full from lunch.
Direct Debits
My son (the picky one) brought this chicken recipe home during his December break. It was his new favorite and he wanted me to make it. I obliged. It is now a favorite of the whole family. We liked it so much that I made a couple of big batches of the spice mix to have around since we'll be eating so much of it! A friend made it for Curtis at school, but they got it from C. Perez, as it was posted on Allrecipes.com. I made a couple of changes, such as adding honey to the sauce to balance the acidity, and slicing the chicken breast halves in half so they are not so thick, and therefore cook through easier. I will give you the recipe as I've tweaked it. For the record, Curtis likes it done with the thick chicken breasts, and I suggest if you choose to keep the breast intact like that, that after browning them on each side, finish them for 10 minutes in a 400 degree oven, so they cook all the way through.
If I prove to be a success of any measure, I'm going to have on the order of about 100 seedlings, so if you're in the Silicon Valley and want a possibly obstinate yet productive tomato plant, just say the word. Then cross your fingers as hard as you've ever crossed anything before.
Recently Microsoft Windows asked if I wanted to try out their new Nokia Lumia 900 Windows Phone (which just got a rave review from the New York Times). As someone who had a half-broken flip phone (seriously) until a few months ago, I'm still geeking out on how I can read blogs while sitting in the back of a taxi. The Nokia Lumia 900 is supposed to be the best phone for social media, so I really wanted to try it out. As you know, I very, very rarely do sponsored posts, but I thought this would be awesome. So, to try it out, I challenged the phone to help Toby and me put together this little food guide...
-Ideas for play.
5:10- My alarm goes off and I roll out of bed, brush my teeth, brush my hair and get dressed for Jazzercise. I love getting my workout in early, mainly because it's my only option! If I don't get up and go, I will not get a workout in for the day. I love Jazzercise because I get my cardio and strength all done in one hour. And as a former dancer, getting up before the sun to shake it is perfect!
So...Julee let us know that, we've extended our Wishing for Spring Sale through April 4! Be sure to check out all the spring stamps and dies that are on sale for 15% off!
flashbulb
Do you think you're more of an introvert or an extrovert?
Bundle of Joy (1956) ... TCM ... 2 AM
One can almost set a clock by the habits of field mice. Last week my van had telltale signs of mouse invasion. Bits of insulation covered the passenger side floor and I knew that it was time to open the glove box, remove the cabin air filter, and clean out the messy remnants of the evening. Out also came the mousetraps, one set on the battery under the hood, and the other placed on the passenger side floor.
Misrepresentations and False Statements to Court and Opposing Counsel
This fortnight over at The Southern Girls Challenge we want to see your girls projects in the spotlight. We have 4 awesome sponsors so make sure and linkup to be in to win :)
Nick: “Soooo…either cheeseburger or nuggets?”
The Illinois Democrat spent much of last week refuting unfounded reports that he had been educated in a madrassa, or radical Islamic school, when he lived in Indonesia as a boy.
I’m a Cojean addict. I like lunching at this clean little chain that makes good soup, salads and pressed sandwiches. I like going by myself and reading whatever French fashion or travel magazine is on hand and having my sandwich toasté and taking my little mid-day break.
I have received a significant amount of feedback from family members and others that have encouraged me to keep writing, both for my own catharsis and because the raw honesty of my writing has helped some. I never hoped that I would reach the point where I was asked to keep writing, but I am flattered that I have.
really, everything be gone- we're starting over on this one
a) Psychology
I bring this up because, now that I am writing almost daily, I have become hyper aware of writing by other author's. I read a variety of books, including many children's novels (see, there, I said novels instead of saying books again). I keep noticing that words show up twice in many paragraphs. They show up twice in many sentences even. It is almost painful to my ears to hear such, but since I am seeing it in some of the best authors (all sorts of examples in Harry Potter), perhaps this isn't a general rule of writing. For some reason, I thought it was.
William DeVaughn: Blood Is Thicker Than Water
Fields became a “Tramp Juggler” at some risk. Many such characters already existed, such as Nat Willis, The “Happy Tramp” and tramp juggler James Harrigan. His make-up was grotesque and clownish in the early years. By 1898 he was billed as W.C. Fields. In that year he married Hattie Hughes, a chorus girl who became his stage assistant. In 1899 he made his debut at Miner’s Bowery Theatre. He then embarked on a tour with Irwin’s Burlesquers. At this stage he was already getting great reviews. He had tons of amazing patter from the first, delivered in a voice not unlike the one we know from films and radio. He not only a really good juggler but really funny, and this helped put him over with audiences and with bookers.
The second soap I did was a second look at coffee soap....there are no fragrances in this soap at all...but still gives off a light scent with the coffee grounds and coffee butter.
Yellow.
Your Votes
Stand up America and fight for OUR country, not someone else’s country!
Hoping to get back to the swing of things shortly. Till next time. Keep crafting.
Architect: Simos Vamvakidis
They glared at GDA. He stopped at the stop sign, and got upset at their dirty look. I was about to stop! Why are they looking at me that way?
**Holy first world problem, Batman!
Charlotte is now six months old and wiggling pretty much anywhere she wants to go (which usually involves her getting stuck under or between one or more pieces of furniture).
1. Save Your Good Lovin' For Me
If you could get some advice from any writer, past or present, who would it be?
I Live pretty far south globally, really any more south is Tasmania and then the Antarctic. I would say "Up in" for most places "Up in Brisbane they have floods" "Up in Darwin they have too many crocs" "Up in Japan they love fish" that kind of thing. I can pretty much defer to to "Up in" all the time, but I still say "Over in Perth"
Underneath cloudless skies and basking in the desirable 80-degree May sunlight, a flock of singletrackers were coming and going from all directions like a swarm of ants in and around their nest—in this case, the famed Book Cliffs. Here in Fruita is one of Colorado’s best mountain bike trail systems with difficulty levels for all riders. A new route was today’s destination—the Pumptrack Trail, or PBR (pumps, berns and rollers) for short.
In a bowl beat the yolks along with the yogurt and lemon. When the food is ready, remove the pan from heat and take a lug of the foods liquid.
The Role of the Physician’s Assistant
Last day to enter is Saturday, February 18th, by midnight EST.
Hat tip to Starbuck, the Vader apologist—yes, that Vader, the one who caused millions of voices to suddenly cry out in terror and then suddenly silenced them—for this post on host nation legitimacy which reminded me about the two best pages in Counterinsurgency.
So get out all your Christmas papers, embellishments, stamps, digi images, ribbons etc and make a start on your Christmas cards . . . you know that us crafters never have enough time at Christmas to get everything done! Here's what the DT came up with and some of the DT have used some of our sponsors Christmas images in their projects . .
Thirty minutes later, after the cheers settled down, we received an email of what we thought was the most beautiful baby girl in this entire world...
Beyond your beauty
We love camping. The sheep go quiet and are replaced by insect sounds. Once it is fully dark, the sheep have another spell of moving around before they and we settle down for rather a cold night.
You can expect to gain extensive, practical, hands-on experience in a canoe into the north dakota authors and you will hear and see many bird species. Birding trails come in many varieties. Some are more developed than others, and some residences are left. The white church with grayed wood is especially photogenic. Arena is 180 miles from Fargo.
It’s an all-too-common trap to fall into. We make our spirituality an abstract concept with no bearing on our conduct in the real-world. This way, we don’t have to take any risks and we feel safe knowing that we fit in with the crowd pretty well. But Twilight’s magical talent is for naught when it does nothing for the honor of her friends and her town. Trixie’s reign is ushered in by Twilight’s own fear.
It was nearly 2pm and the crowd was waiting patiently along Jalan Tun Perak, as we could not move forward. Shouts of “Bersih” and “Bangun Rakyat” could be heard as well as renditions of “Negara Ku”. I was at the Masjid Jamek station when I heard a popping sound and realised that tear gas canisters had been fired. Chaos ensued. The crowd was not aware that Ambiga had given instructions for the rally to disperse as we were far away and as such, the actions of the police caught everyone by surprise!
Phoebe Cates – Linda Barrett
I love people.
Although maybe a good wife is also supposed to put it back together instead of watching her husband spend five minutes trying to figure out the puzzle. But by saving the day and fixing his blender, I can get him to load the dishwasher.
CBS and CNN have run stories on this now, and the book's link temporarily went down during those broadcasts. The link and book are back now. And I'm more disgusted by Amazon every second.
Admittedly these are just two examples. And the awards can’t be all things to all people, nor should it be. But its flailing about for relevance betrays its roots in the monoculture. We’ve seen other institutions transition into the 21st century without sacrificing their core values. (I would argue Saturday Night Live and NPR as two examples.)
we'll start filling the jar again.' He always let me drop
Things improved in the gritty '70s and '80s - perhaps due to unemployment and the declining quality of smack. Chile, in particular, was a noble and often practical campaign against a squalid dictatorship, despite being tainted in Wales by Dafydd Iwan's neverending "Cân Victor Jara".
perform your daily duties and even exercises as they are rich in
Makes enough to generously fill and frost one two- or four-layer cake.
Today, I was browsing Amazon on my phone and I found a copy for twenty bucks. I snapped it up in a blind panic.
“I, too, am happy after all,” Moore said while wrapping up her speech.
So I yelp and am pulled through the air. I land with a thump across his lap.
‘No, that was definitely second,’ she said. ‘And it was a close second. I voted for yours to win…’
Beginning 1 May, Stampin’ Up! is offering a fully customizable Starter Kit for new recruits at a new lower price of $99! This will give you the perfect start to your businesses--your way!
But they are still there Mr Prime Minister
Fri, 6pm: Yay! I’m leaving work! To go have drinks at Rosa Bonheur! Because summer has arrived! Yay!
It was Ishiguro who said that, in a radio broadcast some years ago, and no writer ever put it better. But why should we seek that musing solitude? What is the point of creative writing?
We still had lots of time to kill, so we decided to head on over to the Sears Tower (sorry, I refuse to call it the Willis Tower). I've been to it before (when it was still known as the Sears Tower), but they hadn't built the walkout ledges yet when I was there so this was a new experience.
*Note – when looking for bread, make sure you get a softer loaf. If it’s already on the hard side it’s just going to get harder in the oven and make it more difficult to eat and may even burn a little bit.
12 West 27th Street between 6th Avenue and Broadway, 6th Floor
I’d love to say that you could taste the shellfish juice in the hot dogs but you really couldn’t aside from them being a little saltier. Oh well, I would still do it again.
Important tip!
Now, again, I’m all about giving grace to people, but there comes a point when it crosses into foolishness. We try to write in more rules and more regulations to deal with the problem, but we’re really only writing our way around the problem and never actually dealing with it. We only complicate the problem by making more laws that essentially say the same thing.
Secondly, entrance to the tour is in timed slots and the studio has very sensibly limited the amount of people who can enter the tour at any one time (and I hope they continue to do this in the future as I believe it is the key to its success). This means that although there are several people looking at the same exhibits as you, there aren’t huge queues, (even the queue for the broomstick and flying car green screen photographs wasn’t as bad as queuing to get into Ollivander’s Wand Shop in Florida (and didn’t involve standing in blazing sunshine for over an hour) or so many people milling around that you can’t see or photograph the exhibits properly, as was also the case in
The Meiji period (1868-1912) was a period of dynamic intercultural exchange and economic expansion in Japan, which is clearly reflected in Yoshitoshi's work. Depictions of steam locomotives and European dress show a new cultural landscape, and his compositions bristle with hyper energy, distinctive shading and perspective. Other subjects include demons, ghosts, warriors, supernatural animals, popular Kabuki actors and well-known beauties, which have contributed to his ongoing popularity.
So, what’s your dream?
I've been rereading (and listening to) Eckhart Tolle's
Binayak Sen’s wife, Ilena expressed her disappointment at today’s court order. She told NDTV, “We will fight it out and try and file a petition in the Supreme court.”
"it's mommy's." Scully simply replies.
“Documents corroborate that the U.S. government paid journalists to write articles defaming the five anti-terrorist Cubans in the mass media during the trial, violating the rights of the accused to an impartial trial.”
The ritual is that you have to target the young and hip. Why? Um, because...well, that's what we always do...and anyway, um...I'm a media planner and I'm young and hip, and all my friends are young and hip... and um....
This means no Troll Cave this weekend. If you still want to be trolled, try some 4chan or something, I heard there might be some trolls over there. I'll be back sometimes next week, that is if I don't crash my car driving through crazy mountain passes, get smothered in my sleep by my roommate the first night, or worse, have my computer get broken in the move. See you!
Payment can be made via PayPal (all spiders) and/or Bank Transfer (AUS only). Spider Matrix pays in any of the following currencies: Australian, US and Euro.
Today IslandWood targets approximately two-thirds of its students from schools on free and reduced lunch programs for its School Overnight Program. Proceeds from other IslandWood programs and special events help support these efforts by providing scholarships for those who need financial assistance. It is our goal to allow all children to be able to have an IslandWood experience.
We took the van and started scouting the town looking for a cool alley, but it looked like Chico has no alleys :(
2. Leave a comment on this blog post by the end of Sunday, 5/20/12. Hop over to Clotheshorse, take a look at the premier issue of their e-mag, and let us know which pattern is your favorite? And, let them know what you think. Do you like the patterns? Is there anything you would like to see in an upcoming issue?
Donna: "Shut up! I love being on my own! I'm free and I'm single and it's great!"
I warn you, if you make these eggs you're bound to love them and they will become a "go to" recipe when you want something simple to cook and beautiful in both taste and look!
I was reading an interesting article today about the slow (very slow) maturation of the "Generation Y". While the generational definitions are rather fluid, and I guess I would fall somewhere in between Gen X and Gen Y, I think that my allegiance (and outlook on life) would fall more in line with Gen Y.
*If you want to do this inside... HERE'S HOW...Have your cookie sheet ready with the bakers parchment and set your paper onto the sheet. Brush both sides of your paper that you are wanting to age. You don't want it to puddle. If it does... dab with paper towel.
The fate of more of the wastewater is unknown because of industry lobbying. In 2009, when regulators tried to strengthen oversight of the industry’s methods for disposing of its waste, the Marcellus Shale Coalition staunchly opposed the effort. (See: Drilling Down:Wastewater Recycling No Cure-All in Gas Process, By Ian Urbina, March 1, 2011.)
So now it is your turn. Have you ever re-grouted tile or hired someone to do it? Now for an ever better question, would you take out the old tile and start fresh? Do tell.
“Slow food aims to be everything fast food is not.”
For the border, police and military are being told t expect great civil unrest when the U.S. dollar collapses, since the peso’s worth is based on the dollar. A new financial system and re-evaluation of the dollar is expected to take 1-2 weeks to go into effect after the mass arrests and restructuring of financial and political infrastructure occurs. The border closure is expected to last at least 72 hours but no longer than one week.
The beauty of these portfolios is that they are all made using a single piece of latigo leather and are secured with two hand-hammered copper rivets, thus no glue or stitches were used. Each portfolio is cut, burnished, folded, stamped, riveted and oiled, one at a time, entirely by hand and built in-house in L.A.. Given that they are made from premium leather, the leather will soften over time and continuous use will give it a nice patina. They are available in various sizes, though the standard size, priced at about $150, is designed to fit a stack of letter-size paper. Other sizes include an extra large portfolio that can fit a 17″ MacBook pro, a smaller iPad-size folio and a small folio that’ll fit a book. You can also contact the designer directly for a custom order.
The characters also are getting a makeover. While most of the specifics are still top secret, Lee says he worked with both staff and freelance artists to redesign costumes in a contemporary way as well as alter the physicality of many heroes and villains to modernize the DC Universe.
She breaks
In fact, Sammy's so hard to resist that he's got his own series coming up next year, which begins with DEVIL WITHOUT A CAUSE in May 2011. (I wish I could show you the cover, but I'm not allowed to yet.) You can, however, read a bit more about the Devil's Bargain series by visiting HERE, the "In The Works" section of my website. While you're there, poke around a little, and learn more about the world of Nicki Styx, including a virtual visit to her vintage clothing store, Handbags and Gladrags.
Her hand around my waist was weak …
Cop: Well if you need to go to the hospital there are plenty of taxis sitting right here, pointing to my cab, why didn't you just hop into one of those?
Her theory lies in that I was in fact the love child of two circus freak performers and as such I was so hideous that even they didn’t want me. Trooper Bob and Nurse Meme being the giving loving people they were overlooked my hideousness and instead graciously took me into their home.
White belt: Forever 21
Then shall the Age of Light be unfolded
Weight: 217- down 7lbs!!! It took me MONTHS on Weight Watchers to even come close to that.
You used sex instead of affection. You measured your self worth by your genitalia. You were a coward
Have your child walk up and say, "I want to play." Coach your child to sound and look positive and friendly, not whiny or aggressive.
4 withdrew
Self:Did you take a piece????????
Something that is really causing much alarm is the fact that people don't want to send their kids for music lessons any more. They all have various reasons: No time, or it's a waste of time, too expensive, the kids have too many extra mural activites, too much homework, no time to practise....I can write down at least ten more excuses, 'cause that's what they are. Lame excuses. I do realize that in some cases it's true and I can understand that not all want to learn an instrument. The losers are the children and their children, for the value of playing a musical instrument is greatly under-estimated!
655 *D-XI/27/1973. “Impeachment: Playing With Fire.” Breckenridge House, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1973(10), above.)
When all had become silent in the house, he crept outside, and to a nearby well. He filled a jar with water and, after removing his robe, poured the water over himself. He did this several times more. When he re-entered the house, and his bed, he slept soundly………
And please don't forget that we would love some snow!!!
in my head i am a balls out kind of person. i vent. i go off. i call people out on their totally fucktardiness. i am a badass mofo. in my head. in person i nod politely or hold my tongue (except of course w/ my family). maybe i should clarify...
Sort of like Mean Girl's Mean.
You're out of luck
Salt - 2 tspns
encouraging and listening and assisting... Because I Know My Boy and
Anyway, if you fancy going on over to my post for Spoonflower click here. I'll tell you about how we made some block print fabric and I have instructions for the Ipad sleeve I made with it.
The more I saw this cover the more I actually started to like it. I love how we still have the city in the background and reflected at the bottom so it shows the dystopian theme of the book and I really love that you have Tris on there looking back at the city.
Most of the Abnegation leaders, Tris's parents, and Will are...dead.
Yes the Dutch Clover is really starting to pop out here now. It has been up and blooming in some spots for a week or more but the new nectar producing blooms are finally pushing through in enough numbers to get the working girl's attention.
This is why I blog.
In Tower Hamlets (one of the poorest areas in the UK), the charity Shelter calculates that the annual earnings a tenant needs to make renting a flat affordable are £67,669. It’s a figure I find difficult to read out loud without lisping, let alone conceive of earning myself. It’s not achievable – in fact, it makes me feel like I’m going a bit mad. And it highlights the ever-lurking threat of homelessness – that slow slide over a year from being made redundant, to being priced out of your shared flat, to carrying your rucksack between friends’ futons, and then, after a clipped conversation in their little blue kitchen, sitting on a bench at dawn with nowhere to go.
Man’s desire and babe’s desire, I’ll twine them in, I’ll put in life,
But I digress…
Pounds to lose - 43.5 pounds
This is a film that proves how well movies can adapt books. It helps that Murakami worked on the script but Miike uses all of the techniques open to film-makers to actually craft a film much more subtle than the source novel and able to affect viewers in a variety of way.
The first thing was the election of Ratzinger as Pope. I don't recognized Ratzinger as the Pope, even though he is. So since he has sat on the throne of St. Peter, I am technically not in communion with the church, and therefore I haven't taken communion at services.
Also, don't forget about our Affiliate promotion going on through the end of January--FREE vinyl for affiliates:
Since the Pacific Grove lighthouse is near 17 mile drive (gorgeous dive if you've never been there) and the Pebble Beach Golf Course, I decided to add Mark's Finest Papers, a Heinrich Company's set called New Pines to add some dimension and give the whole framed image a "woodland" feel to it. Here's a close up so you can see all of the dimension inside the frame.
One man came on the bus and he looked at the seat beside me. He bowed as greeting to me, so I did it back to him. We didn’t speak anything to each other. I thought he looked like to one of my friends.
As the sidepods are so slim and there being no low level exhausts, there is a wide expanse of exposed floor. The diffuser sweeps outwards and there is a generous cut out around the rear wheels. The centre section of the diffuser often termed the boat tail is exposed to the airflow. Suggesting the rear impact structure is raised clear fo the floor. This is in contrast to Red Bulls preferred practice of a low rear crash structure. The lowered section probably allows airflow over the floor to pass through the starter motor hole to aid airflow passing up under the diffuser.
Stone Roses: Sugar Spun Sister - from my desert island album. One of the most compelling reasons for ALBUMS not just iTunes. Every note in this album is there for a reason, and listening it to all the way through, in order, is how it's meant to sound.
What is YOUR purpose while you are on this planet?
As a non-traditional college student—or 25-year plan-ee—I used to think I possessed the viewpoint of a learned veteran of life. At least the first 40 odd years of said life. Instead, it turns out that even though I’m old enough to be addressed as “Mom” by the majority of my peers (and several of my professors!) on campus, I learned I will forever be adding to my inventory of life experience. Because fortunately for me, it is possible to teach an old dog new tricks.
Nintendo gamers have much to look forward to in the coming months. While 2011 was almost completely barren for Nintendo’s home console, 2012 has promise. In one month, E3 2012 will officially kick off. Most gamers would testify that this marks the most exciting period of the year, flourishing with news and video footage of the most anticipated titles. Microsoft will impress the audience with Master Chief’s return in Halo 4. Sony has already announced a slew of first-party titles, such as Playstation All-Stars Battle Royale and The Last of Us, in addition to several surprises for the early Vita adopters. Some of these deserve an article all to themselves, but the show-stopper this year will certainly be the Nintendo Wii U.
Insurgent starts where Divergent left off, with Tris riding a train to Amity headquarters with adrenaline pumping through her. This was a little hard for me to like at first, because I forgot a lot of what had happened in Divergent and there wasn't any real back story. But thankfully I went to Down The Rabbit Hole's Happily Ever Endings page and read what happened in Divergent. So thank you, Happily Ever Endings team! With the story fresh in my mind I was able to sit down and simply enjoy the ride!
A closed door swings open...and Wynne Fischer enters an elegant bondage club for those who crave extremes of forbidden sensation. Within the walls of Twilight, ultramale temptation comes in threes: the muscular brothers Rolf and Dierk, and the mysterious Master Zane. Dominance is in their blood and the natural submissiveness of the inexperienced Wynne arouses the men beyond belief. Baring herself body and soul at their command, their captive is about to satisfy her most hidden desires as she explores the dark side of sexual passion...
Joining the Quixotic Paperie Design Team on this hop we have the fantastic Susana's Custom Art & Card Design Design Team! Susana is a good friend of Elaine's and SCACD has become like an international sister store to Quixotic Paperie! We're collaborating on some crafty adventures, and this is hopefully the first of many!
Last weekend, we visited the mall that was the last place I visited before the hospital. The nurse had called and told me our room was ready, hours ahead of schedule, and I panicked, asking for just a few more hours. I needed to find something for her to wear. A completely ridiculous task, in retrospect, since she never wore the little yellow dress we bought for her. They don't make dresses for babies that small, for babies who don't live. But still, I had to buy her something, for whatever reason.
I love noodles. Love. I believe food tastes better with certain moods and certain weather. Food is like wine and to maximize enjoyment food should be paired to season and mood. Nothing beats noodle soup on a cold day whose air is heavy with un-fallen rain. And if I happen to have had a wee too much to drink the night before the salty broth of noodle soup is a tonic.
Level 24: MP Cost: 50, Duration: 720 seconds, All Stats: +12%.
THINKPROGRESS: Do you stand by your view that GOP is beyond hope?
Bon appetit!!
“Smoking remains one of the biggest causes of ill health in Sheffield. The presence of illegal tobacco, which is considerably cheaper than legal tobacco, makes it easier for children to smoke, discourages smokers from quitting and encourages them to smoke more”.
The county's move to expand its lab comes as city leaders look at plans to spin off Houston's troubled crime lab. Mayor Annise Parker has proposed removing the city's crime lab from the Houston Police Department and placing it under an appointed board.
to take it and turn it into home.
I want to thank Adele for letting me be a guest blogger on her fantastic blog! I love her blog and all of her great ideas. My name is Jullee and I blog over at The Grubery. I am the Mom to two amazing little girls age 4 and 18 months, and I am learning to cook amazing meals one dish at a time. Before my oldest was born my husband and I ate out constantly. Then when my first daughter came we started eating out less and I started to cook a bit. When my youngest came along I decided that it was time to get the cooking show on the road. I am truly learning to love cooking a delicious meal for my family. I have become much more daring and sure of myself in the kitchen.
DREAMS LIST
There’s no business like show business. Everything about it is appealing. And of course, nowhere can you get that happy feeling.
So, I’m not entirely sure where this recipe originated. I was given it by my mother in law, who was given it by a co-worker who got it from someone (I think it was originally one of The Pioneer Woman’s recipes). Wherever it came from (and if someone can affirm or deny the origins, please let me know) it is delicious, and a great slap-together dessert when you’ve got a sweet tooth.
When I worked on the newsdesk at The Independent I dealt with dozens of reports every day. It's difficult to pick out individual stories, nearly twenty years later. The murder of Stephen Lawrence is an exception.
This past weekend was my first Saturday in many weeks that I did not have to get up early for class. Although it was great to be able to sleep in and enjoy the feeling of being lazy on a Saturday morning, I felt as though I was missing something. Yes, I miss the fun and my new friends of my public speaking class.
Monday, I came into my office and my hair immediately stood on end. It was even colder than it was the week before. The thermostat was on 55! 55! That's crazy! I immediately panicked and ran over to the fish bowl and sure enough...Platelet was dead. He FROZE to death! Poor little fishy. I'm getting a little misty just typing about it.
I do like it used on the lips but it doesn't last as well as a lipstick, it's too dry because it isn't waxy . So I suggest using it with a touch of balm over the top. There is nothing as satisfying as getting an exact match between lip and cheek colour so it is worth pursuing (these small things make me happy).
Travis Why does it always rain on me UK
Pop on over to Shay's new pad, (she's been redecorating over the Christmas break), and see lots more favourites for the first week of 2012.
fate of the jailed American Alan Gross (ph) who tells me he feels as
Bennett tried to stop him as he went by, and when Linden didn’t even turn his head at the sound of his name, he glared at the now-silent students for several seconds. They all watched Linden’s retreat, some of them looking upset, and others just puzzled. But the chatter was already starting back up as Bennett reached their table and stood over Katie.
Personally, I'd be very uncomfortable sitting in a restaurant that was being disassembled around me! I'd feel like I was in the way and out of place, like I didn't belong and needed to get out.
In case of emergency, make S’ morres!
This is but a taster of the complete guide that comes with the latest edition of my book, 'A Town Like Paris'.
The seller is a development company whose loans have been transferred to NAMA, Shieldpoint 22 Limited controlled by developers Eugene Larkin and John Flynn and the property has been on the market reportedly for more than a year. It is understood that NAMA paid just GBP 18m (€21.2m) for the AIB loan on the property, meaning that NAMA should be able to book a profit of some €8m on the transaction, which will be just over 1% of its projected operating profit – that is, profit before impairments – of €600m in 2011. The buyer is not known at this stage, nor is the face value of the loans but it is believed it is over GBP 25m, with the site being originally purchased for GBP 40m in the mid-2000s which indicates an eye-watering loss of nearly 40% for the developers.
Dec. 5: I WANT OLD CHRISTMAS BACK (Memories of a simpler Christmas and Old-Fashioned Christmas paintings)
‘His wrinkled face becomes a mask riven by anguish, as if contrcted from the fissured and desolated landscape below.’
Yaoh
Hmmm. Perhaps it's time to take the focus off singlets and address the issue of pants. Before I run into real problems.
palette, exceptional craftsmanship and use of natural materials such as calico and linen. Yet there is something distinctly modern, and even cinematic, about Yuka's approach to production and presentation. Her designs mix sexuality with innocence, recalling early collections by Tao for Comme des Garcons, while the dark undertones of the narrative that holds the collection together reminded me of a Haruki Murakami novel.
and things like that to add layers and texture and interest to my booth.
- complete set with door, bonnette, wheels, stereng with hon, fuel hole with cap and just missing its key
60g Cooking Oil
There wasn’t one. A) I feel no need to console such a trivial woman. B) Pretty sure I emailed her three hours earlier telling her we would gladly reduce her rent increase by over half to accommodate her. Clearly that was unappreciated and unnoticed given that there was no mention of it anywhere in her ranting email.
a huge Piggy Bank she must have gotten at a boutique
You should know that I’ve learned everything I ever want to know about the streets from The First 48, and a few colorful characters I’ve encountered on life’s journey. The cats who get caught up in shemminy sham in the show’s featured cities are but a sampling of the derelicts that probably lurk in the nooks and crannies of all cities. And it seems the constant is this: it never occurs to said derelicts that the principles to which they adhere, and the loyalties they display are probably the reason the popos showed up at their mama’s door in the first place.
The Bible says in John 10:10
Number of trojans, worms, viruses, and other types of malicious code identified by Internet security company Symantec in a recent report. A total of 5,060,187 bot-infected computers, which can be remotely controlled to send out spam, were running in late 2007. The Sophos Internet security firm discovered a new infected Web page every 4.5 seconds, on average.
But I'm also extremely loyal and compassionate and playful. Won't that be enough? It's been 22 years of this and if it hasn't changed now, it won't be changing anytime soon.
I’ll magic meself invisible,
On the platform of an old railway station I enter a dream
Tucker played piano and sang burlesque and vaudeville tunes, at first in blackface. She later said that this was at the insistence of theatre managers, who said she was “too fat and ugly” to be accepted by an audience in any other context. She even sang songs that acknowledged her weight, such as “Nobody Loves a Fat Girl, But Oh How a Fat Girl Can Love”.
Pearls, Swarovski crystals - lavendar
First the FAIR:
After completing my walk for the day, I am rethinking going kayaking tomorrow, it was a bit on the cool side, and Ludington will be even cooler yet since it is so much farther north, and on Lake Michigan. If I’m going to drive that far, I want it to be as close to perfect as I can get. Besides, there is more wildlife here at my apartment complex than I can handle anyway. I took 277 photos today, a lot of them bad, some are for the weekly challenge, and there will be at least a few posted here. Not only did I have to sort through all of them, I had to do some bird identification to make sure I saw what I thought I saw. Yup, one of those kinds of days. Oh, and I only did one lap, plus hung out in the new swamp for a while.
And like the finest drills, it finally broke.
- In January the Party launched Operation Fightback in response to regular abuses of our democratic fights by the media and political establishment. A large number of politically correct outrages have been reversed, cultural parades have been reinstated, persecution at the hands of local authorities has been dealt with and reversed, newspapers have scrapped, withdrawn or retracted smear stories and anti-BNP celebrities and other public figures have been held to account for their incitements. Operation Fightback is to be expanded after the Euro Elections to cope with the increased number of attacks on the Party.
Angry shouts of agreement started.
“ Her inspection of the bedroom finished, she walked down the staircase into the coolness of the stone-flagged hallway. A large collection of sun-hats hung on pegs in the entrance hall, bowls were filled with dried lavender and a huge pottery jar was crammed with walking-sticks, some of which had ornate silver handles. By the time she reached the front door of the house, she knew, it had to be hers for the summer. If it had a secret she would do her best to discover it and she was not going to miss the trail across the Mountains of the Moon to what was undoubtedly the greatest small picture in the world.”
Getting Ready: Center a rack in the oven and preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line an 8 inch square baking pan with foil. Butter the foil and place the pan on a baking sheet.
There have been a number of times when I’ve been sitting in traffic & seen this sticker on a car. The underlying thought is obvious enough – a real life is spent accumulating stuff. It doesn’t matter that the toys are I suppose, as long as they’re the latest, smallest, fastest…
My dear and precious husband was in England for a conference at the beginning of December and sweet cherub that he is, went to a yarn shop and bought me some yarn! Now, until recently, the said cherub, still referred to my knitting as "sewing" ...proudly telling people that I am "...really good at sewing..."...so you'll understand that he has no concept about what yarns are and which brands / blends are desirable, never mind color and quantity ...
Behold, I stand at the door and knock.
So lately there have been a lot of posts about blogging fatigue, twitter promotion overload (here and here), and the state of blogging in general. Also, many bloggers seem to have hit the overwhelmed point and are either thinking of stopping altogether or doing some major readjusting. And as I read through these posts, I often found myself nodding my head because I share many of the sentiments.
“The LORD shall fight for you, and ye shall hold your peace.” Exodus 14:14 KJV
Emma’s real problems only became apparent after she received the MMR vaccination at 13 months. Up until this age Emma had been developing normally, she was beginning to walk, talk, was alert and was reaching all her developmental milestones. After the MMR however, Emma became very sick indeed after an extremely bad reaction. By this time Ms X was beginning to connect the dots and was waking up to the realization that it was the vaccinations that were causing her daughters problems. Sadly it was too late for little Emma. The damage was done.
What it comes down to for me is all-embracing amusement and replayability. What acceptable is a fifty hour bold if a lot of of it is the aloft old affair for thirty of them? If there's annihilation larboard to do afterwards I'm accomplished added than epitomize from the start, the advance had bigger be abbreviate and memorable. One hundred hours of gameplay? If it doesn't accept a non-linear or aberration story, I'm not interested, because I'll apparently overlook what's happened afore I'm center through it anyway.
"Suburban storm ya bastard", shouts a voice which I know to be Joe Strummers.
Still, I’ve come to think that the most important force driving all these something-for-nothing fantasies is a subtler and more pervasive thing: the faith in progress that is the established but unmentionable religion of the modern industrial world. The belief in perpetual progress embodies exactly the same kind of grand narrative as speculative bubbles and apocalyptic prophecies: such everyday realities as diminishing returns and limits to growth are brushed aside by the conviction that the future must, by some irrevocable law of existence, always be shinier than the past. That’s what motivates the people who pop up on this and every other peak oil-related blog to insist that we can keep on powering our SUVs and Blackberries forever by building thorium reactors or harnessing zero point energy or turning the state of Nevada into one vast algae farm. It’s not incidental, either, that the vast majority of these people aren’t actually doing anything to make these dayreams happen; as with the rest of the something-for-nothing fantasies, reasons to do nothing have an important role in the payoff.
I've run this system in a couple of game sessions and it has worked pretty well. If you give it a try with your group, let me know how it turned out.
Add your text.
Sometimes my prayers are answered.
Much to my surprise and delight it was chosen as one of the hight lights of the week on Tangie Baxter's Art Journal Caravan blog. You can see it here along with the other pages that were chosen this week.
The drugs will be burned, and the weapons will be destroyed or returned if the owners claim them.
As a teenager, I read an article in Psychology Today about the importance of creativity and imagination. Studies show that people who are realists have trouble coping when suffering comes into their lives. They fall apart. But imaginative people can enter their fantasy world when things go badly, and they are not as susceptible to total breakdowns. I believe this is one of the reasons that I have been so resilient.
That said there were some real stand outs in this year's line up:
She goes to the funeral parlor and cries for being just a few days late. Se Na arrives in black but doesn’t look sad at all. Se Na wonders who the crying girl at the altar is and tenses up when she realize its Park Ha. Fortunately for Se Na, Park Ha doesn’t remember anything due to a car accident. She doesn’t remember nor recognize Se Na. Good for you, Se Na. Good for you – at least for NOW.
In every corner of Minnesota and hundreds of places in between, you’ll find those 407 small-town post offices where window service is likely to be trimmed. The Minnesota list fills slightly more than eight pages on a 260-page document that includes some 13,000 post offices across the U.S. To read that list, click here.
Water Kefir Grains - You can buy a tbsp of these dehydrated from www.culturesforhealth.com for $16 + shipping. It takes awhile to activate these grains. If you're in Oklahoma, please come get 2 Tbsp of grains from me for $5. They multiply and will last forever if you take care of them. It's such an easy step you can take to make your family healthier. It takes 1 Tbsp of grains to make 1 quart of water kefir.
The Vast Majority Refuse To Repent and Believe In The Gospel
Fast-casual concept Zoës Kitchen should open four new locations in 2012, according to an announcement. The Birmingham, Ala.-based restaurant group currently has three locations in Georgia, including two in Buckhead and one in Columbus.
Not a very good photo, but the cupcake itself turned out yummy. I was too lazy to make the batter from scratch, so I used a box of cake mix. It took a little longer to bake than it recommended on the box, but it was worth it! =)
Janette: Boxers or Briefs?
Me: And what's wrong with how I fold, Sheldon? Remember I worked at Macy's over Christmas a few years ago and folded shirts professionally.
Mostly, I enjoy the freedoms that have allowed me to raise this lovely family of mine.
Here I go again…
I did not find myself dazzled. I don't buy the statement that anybody can wear his clothes. Really? The old, the poor, the really fat?
As I've noted elsewhere, Reichert also pushes Calvin's date of birth forward from 1982 to 2009. She pretty much had to do this, because if she had stuck to Asimov's original timeline, she would have wound up writing an alternate history novel set in an alternate 2008, rather than a science fiction novel set in the future.
Besides, when was the last time Patty Ol’ Rice managed a game for the Arsenal…..that’s the £500,000 question in Who Want’s To Be a Millionaire.
Realizing this, she stiffly began walking down the sidewalk, her boyfriend following meekly not making eye contact with anything but his apple. As she drew closer, in her hand I could see one remaining lemon she was planning on taking home.
just eat your carrots someone might say
Advertising.
Lavishly illustrated with images, That’s Life is a visual feast packed with explanatory diagrams and photography. Scientific ideas that might seem intimidating in a textbook are stripped to the bare bones, brought to life, and made fun and accessible to help children understand how the world around them works, and their place in it.
And to what advantage do I have
A member of the People’s Assembly shall represent the whole people, and his/her commission may not be defined by a restriction or condition, and shall exercise duties under the guidance of hi/hers honor and conscience.
the heartbreaking conclusion, the entire novel
It wasn’t pretty. It may not even have been recognizable as a somersault to anyone who didn’t know that’s what I was doing. But I did it, and I didn’t end up in the ER, and I proved that I wasn’t too weak/scared/old to do it.
Perhaps one road to world peace is that everyone, everywhere has access to the internet.
“It’s very hard work and we still have a lot to do. What is being rescued here is human beings, rather than bricks and mortar,” said Millán, the city conservator.
That aside, we're getting Dollar Dreadful together, our quarterly e-publication, and are really excited by it. There's so much unexposed talent out in the ether, and we're wicked stoked to bring some of those people further into the darkness.
Obviously I accept not had time to column abundant lately. I haven't had time to do abundant of anything, in actuality — except work, that is — let abandoned gaming. I accept an anytime growing excess of amateur I've yet to play or finish. The hosts of Joystiq Podcast referred to this as a "Shelf of Shame." Hearing this appellation got me thinking, what amateur do I own that accept been sitting on my Shelf of Shame?
I know that right now a lot of family can''t afford the Christmas that they want for their family, I'll admit that I am one of those people.
I always doubt my messages when they first arrive.
Now we turn to a reader that owns a Centurion "Equipe" and wrote in with many interesting details. First, photos of his bike which is completely original with the exception of the brake hoods and tires:
In one way I am hopeful we may have found a reason, other than depression, for feeling like crap so often. But I am fearful for the many tests I am sure will be ordered and the costs of them too. But I’m not obsessing, just trying to gather information to make good decisons. I did cry a little at first, I’m scared. But I know I will handle whatever this is too.
Of course, I may be a complete and utter prat who is completely untrustworthy…and that people are best staying away….
On some days the girls band together and before Moki, they never slept in the same area.
Overall Impression: From government organizations, to battles in WW2, and evil teddies. This book is surely an entertaining mixture.
I'm a smart girl.
So I pushed. Against the gnats. Against better judgment.
Warm cookies and cold milk are good for you.
Gov. Bill Ritter of Colorado signed into law an outrageous bill that, in the name of providing “equality” for homosexuals and transgenders, that actually allows men to use women’s restrooms—right alongside women and little girls. The new law starts with civil penalties of up to $5,000 for any business whose beliefs and practices run contrary to the promotion of homosexuals, bisexuals, transgenders . . . or anyone who is perceived as such. But then it goes a step further by threatening criminal penalties of up to a year in prison. This frightening aspect makes one ask: If the privacy of innocent children isn’t enough to derail the homosexual activists’ agenda, what is?
minutes. Remove from oven. Reduce heat to 150C. Let cool 15 minutes. Carefully transfer to
Now if only Chanel eyeshadow quads would improve their formula, I’d be all over them in a heartbeat =P
It begins with John Applefeller, the annual last-place finisher in the celebrated event that every July draws hundreds of international dessert chefs to compete for the coveted Silver Spoon (and to compete against Sylvester S. Sweet, the self-proclaimed King of Dessert, who always wins).
I really don't know where to start. I cannot believe how much happened in this novel. I would be reading at later points in the book, and realise what Katniss was talking about happened earlier in Mockingjay, not in another book. Seriously, so much goes on, and it spans quite a period of time, I'm amazed it all fit in one book. And as you would hope for the finale in such a spectacular series, there is action and suspense like you wouldn't believe! And there is no way I can really talk about any of it without spoiling the story, because it starts right from the beginning.
The pub will also be bringing over brews from Odell’s, Brooklyn, Blue Moon, Sierra Nevada , Left Hand and Stone. The White Horse is hoping to repeat the success of last year's similarly themed event. Timed to celebrate Independence Day, the fest kicks off on Friday July 2 and will carry on throughout the weekend.
The card with Hope, Belle and Alex standing amidst tulips is "Tulip Party"
The Baltimore Police Department is taking part in a program to develop and test new technology that could significantly cut DNA analysis time, reports the Baltimore Sun. The National Institute of Justice is putting $1 million toward the project. Police will partner with researchers from Yale University and a North Carolina-based company to develop technology that would enable crime lab workers to identify and test smaller samples in a much shorter time.
Dogs: Want one, have a cat instead.
When It Comes to You I've No More Dreams to Lose by The Lazy Cowgirls
To the frustration of local African malaria specialists, the Cubans have frequently bypassed the technical experts and their demands for detailed data proving the impact of larvicides.
However the pre made variety are rather awesome. If you’re on a budget look for the value packs and store specials to help you build up your collection or try making your own.
I am SICK SICK SICK of the mental health services. They’ve stuck me on Lamictal which seems to be doing sweet F*** All except knock me that little bit more mental. My skin is crawling, my thoughts are transient and I can’t seem, to quell the wanderlust within me.
I went into World Market last week, and found my match! It's called the Triton High Back Chair, and it's in the color called "Wheat." I love that it mimics a wingback, but it's modern at the same time. It's pretty comfy, too!
I ended up going with a map of Paris hand marked by Maggie with her favorite places.
1162 **D-IV/10/1993. “Some Presuppositions of the Judiciary Act of 1789.” Law Panels, Annual Convention, American Culture Association, New Orleans, Louisiana. (Incorporated in Item C-2003(1), above, pp. 511-19.)
See, in Jesus’ sufferings He was seeking us. And when we suffer, Jesus is telling us to seek Him. Seek Him, be in fellowship like Him; pray like Him, obey like Him and know that Christ has born our iniquities for us. He lost His glory, His place in heaven and was forsaken by His Father to suffer and endure for us so that we might have glory, a place in heaven and the affirmation of God the Father.
Just recently, Graham Hawkes tracked down a group of hammerhead sharks. Along for the ride on his Deepflight Super Falcon at the time was an investor named Tom Perkins, a potential client. “We were literally stalking them from below,” Hawkes says. “It felt like flying in liquid sky.”
plastic brain spread wide
Quivering with antici ...
I wanted to get new tables for my basement, but I knew I wanted them to be funky and like nothing anyone else has. I was at DI, and found two of these for $10! $5 each!!! I still needed tops for them, and again, I was at DI, and found the glass tops on another table for $10 each. I painted them from a weird dingy cream to a chartreuse yellowy-green. I LOVE THEM! I say, "them." I haven't brought the other table in yet, as I don't know what I am going to put on it. It is still clogging up the garage.
Now I'll be the first to admit I was not keen on this week's challenge, flowers have always seemed really hard to me. But I figured if I used the KEEP IT SIMPLE STUPID approach I'd be ok. So I took my gorgeous Picture Polish Jade, made some cute green tips and then with my black striper, some pink and white polish and some dotters I got down to business and did some Cherry Blossom Nail Art. I like it and think it's cute - basic but effective!
“Other units are watching the highway and exits for the Cadillac and the bus. I’m sorry about waking up the child, but it’s necessary.”
I’ve just been having them EVERY NIGHT.
Nor have I any other employment:
In fact, Dogu-chan, is in many ways a direct spoof of "Cutie Honey."
The name of the dish refers to the beautiful veil-like quality of the bamboo pith, somewhat see through where you can sort of make out what's inside but you can't see it clearly, you just sort of see a shadow of it. The name is supposed to poetically evoke the shadow of a beautiful woman glimpsed through a veil or thin curtain - in a romantic, not creepy way - get your dirty minds out of the gutter.
The Underworld Trilogy has been a perfect example of popcorn entertainment ever since its inception. After sitting through each of the movie I felt that One more movie and they would over do the franchise but every time I was proved wrong owing to some exhilarating action sequences and acceptable storyline. Even the performances kept getting better and better with time. So when I heard of this fourth installment I had mixed feelings about it. Half of my heart felt it would be another belter but the rest of it said that this could just be that installment where they go the full Monty. The biggest suspense now for me was to see which half was right.
"Nerd!"
On a sad note, I learned this weekend that the player who ran Adthar and then Olaf is pulling out of the group. He's nearly 14 now and academic pressures are mounting so there just wasn't enough time for him to give a full Saturday to the group. We wished him well and I offered any materials or support he needed if he was interested in setting up a gaming group amongst his contemporaries.
“Why were you talking to that cop?” the attacker asked in a harsh voice.
We're hard at work on some really exciting projects and can't wait to finish them up so we can ship them off to the printers.
...But back to this Tova girlfriend of his. She will look and smell like a flower child, braids in her hair, leather sandals on her aforementioned biggish feet, she will wear some kind of woven hippie purse. Eau de Patchouli will waft from her unshaven armpits. But her peacenik look will confuse me, because she will actually HATE PEACE. She will do things like call Palestinians "animals." She will be loudly thankful for the support the US gives Israel, which allows the Jewish State to amass one hell of a motherfucking Defense Force.
After spending a good chunk of time in the church we went into town for our shopping, enjoying cones of hot chips to warm our cold fingers, before getting the bus back home. Once home and warmed up we finished our pudding mix, which is now resting ready for steaming tomorrow:
I was reintroduced to The Boss at other moments while growing up, and fortunately got better, more thoughtful exposure, at the hands of Jim and Laura, my parents’ closest friends, who followed his tours all over the U.S.
If the data which THEMIS and SOHO are now contemplating becomes crystallized – if the beauty seen in a crop circle last summer becomes a reality: if we have a CME or a particle storm equal to or more powerful than that single event of last July 7th, Earth is in for a rocky ride.
I: Non allegro ~ II: Andante con moto (Tempo di valse) ~ III: Lento assai - Allegro vivace - Lento assai. Come prima - Allegro vivace
Today my son lost his job. I've been trying to wrap my head around that all day. I wish that I could take away any pain in his life. He's had enough already, losing his sister. But he's 24 years old, and things happen. This is through no fault of his own, but the laws being what they are, who knows if he'll get unemployment. I know the people he's been working for, and there is truly no way to please them. So life goes on, that much we know, those of us who have been around the block a time or three.
Also they don't have pics of their paper/card colours on their website, so you don't really know what colours you are going to get delivered to you or what weights they will be etc. Last time I just asked for assorted colours (I bought 2 boxes of white and 2 coloured to make up for the postage lol), but most of it was colours that I would never use and I ended up giving them to the kids to draw on.
Ia Orana Maria
I like to dice these ends up and fry them with onions and garlic, the beginnings of either a hearty chowder or in this case a delicious pasta dish. I'll swap out lean prosciutto, whenever these bacon ends are unavailable.
It’s really important to me to make sure the voice behind the novels is authentic – teens seem to be able to smell when an author doesn’t believe in their characters and I wouldn’t want to disappoint them. Besides, that lippy teenager isn’t so far away – she’s still part of me.
I did my research on different places in the city that have a note worthy egg cream. I also made sure I knew what I was getting. You see, ask for a New York egg cream and you get a different drink from a Brooklyn egg cream. New York is vanilla flavored and Brooklyn is chocolate flavored. There is a Bronx egg cream, strawberry, and I've heard of a San Fransisco egg cream, which is hazelnut.
Oh boy, totally scaring me now. Is it true though -- did they really say the transition from 8th to 9th grade is the third most traumatic experience for them?
win Nigerian music’s biggest TV
Is it simply their suffering? Their prayers? Or something else? Something greater?
But they came. They dragged theirselves out of bed, and they combed their hairs and warmed their cars, and they mucked on over, today, to fix up our Soldier Babies.
Interestingly, the women all caught my sense of humor in that same response and laughed. He did not. Guys......
It is somehow so refreshing to be at last in a relationship with a man who is so relaxed in his own skin and who makes me feel safe and secure. I have realized today in retrospect that all the men I was ever seriously involved with - however great they all were - never really knew what they wanted - with their own life or with me.
The vegetable garden has produced a moderate amount for us, beans were good as always, and we did get to pick some tomatoes for the first time in a few years, even without a lot of spraying. A lot of spaghetti squash, a fairly typical serve of zucchinis, some celery, a couple of eggplants and a range of other odds and ends such as cucumbers and chillis to round it out.
The science of Marxism explains not only how they think, their philosophical foundations and the materialist basis for their ideologies but shows how due to their subjectivity they remain blind to the consequences of their method. Their ideologies are invariably expressions of the radical petty bourgeoisie and the labor aristocracy which feel the crushing weight of capitalism’s collapse but seek to maintain their privileges and to avoid the coming to power of the working class and the most oppressed and marginalized peoples both here and internationally. Note the absence of anti-imperialist demands or even mention of the current spate of attacks on Gaza or the Zionist colonialist plans to build 1000 more homes in East Jerusalem.
Gregory H. Stanton is the founder (1999) and president of Genocide Watch, the founder (1981) and director of the Cambodian Genocide Project, and the founder (1999) and Chair of the International Campaign to End Genocide. From 2007 to 2009 he was the President of the International Association of Genocide Scholars.
One of them, BFM- Brasserie des Franches-Montagne, occupies 10 of the top 20 twenty ratings for Swiss beers on Ratebeer, a position resembling that of Nøgne Ø in Norway. The decent beers of the Trois Dames brewery of the nearby Vaud canton do not reach that high only because they are generally rated by too few people. Both give a successful Swiss twist to beer styles originating in Belgium and beyond.
17. Do you drink alcohol?
More travel news for this week: my brother Patrick booked a ticket to come and visit me in Hong Kong for two weeks! Yay! We’re hoping to plan a trip to Thailand together and then he’ll fly with me back to Chicago.
I'm also trying to finish up my MBA application. I have to get my GPA from my bachelor's degree. I can't remember it. I also have to upload a recent copy of my resume and get two recommendations. Wish me luck!
And if our memories start to scatter into the wind
lipless kiss
Higgs bosons, if they exist, do not last long enough to show up directly in the subatomic debris of these collisions. Discovery relies on observing the particles into which Higgs bosons disintegrate, rather than detecting them directly. But the mass of the Higgs itself is unknown, leaving much uncertainty about the best place to look for decay particles.
A special day for our family and another perfect day in all our lives.
I don't know how many times I told Derek he could leave me, but he refused. Probably equivalent to the number of times he responded to a spectator that shouted "Looking good" with the response "Feeling good" which was equivalent to the number of times I considered punching him in the gut. Actually, I'm totally kidding. Besides my wonky hip, the rest of me was actually feeling fine. Yes, I was freezing and soaked, and that made things miserable... but other than that hip, my body was still fully functioning and I was still enjoying my time out there.
UPDATE: Attention all current juniors! Woodard Photographic will be at our school on Tuesday, April 24 for an assembly at 10:00 to share exciting information about your upcoming senior portraits! During this time, they will be giving away a lot of fun stuff, including FREE portrait sessions and much more! Be sure to join the fun on the 24th as we officially kick off your senior year and meet our school’s very own 2013 representatives.
For some mid-life crisis suffering guys, adventure comes in the form of a fast sports car. The thrill of going down an open highway with the accelerator pushed to the floorboard brings back carefree teenage days when their highest priority was getting a cheerleader with big boobies into the backseat of his car. Speaking personally for myself, while at one time I did own, what was to me, a very special sports car I was far more into slowly cruising Ocean Boulevard of Myrtle Beach, South Carolina checking out the young ladies. For reasons I cannot really explain the second I went five miles over the speed limit every fat deputy sheriff and fanatical highway patrolman in Georgetown county would be on my tail flashing their blue lights. Anyone who has to pay car insurance would know speeding tickets have a way of severely cutting into a person’s spending money. Since spending money for me is a still a hard thing for me to come by, I still relish taking life slowly.
Yellow Swans, Going PlacesThe best swan song (pun intended) of the year (sorry, SCG)
… The most worthy calling in life is that in which man can serve best his fellow man. … The noblest aim in life is to strive to live to make other lives better and happier. ― David O. McKay
While trying to decide what to do with them all, we've been nibbling on them throughout the day. Hey, it's not very often you have fresh cherries under your nose. Might as well enjoy them!
Have a wonderful holiday weekend everyone! I will see you back here on Tuesday.
The buildings abutting Teardrop Park are 23- or 24-story buildings. The ten Atlantic Yards buildings abutting the landscaped greenspace will all be substantially that height and mostly considerably taller. In descending order of currently planed height, they will be the equivalent of; 46 stories, 41 stories, 39 stories, 31 stories, 28 stories, 28 stories, 24 stories, 21 stories, 20 stories, and 18 stories. In addition, the non-abutting buildings just across the street, will add a towering presence and cast substantial shadows, especially at the end of the day. In descending order of currently planed height, they will be the equivalent of; 51 stories (previously 60), 51 stories, 32 stories, and 29 stories (previously 42), and 27 stories. (There is another 25-story building somewhat further West across another street.)
And I relocate on boughs of hope,
The European Union and the European Council plan to destroy our identity: “Cultural policy must avoid the popular distinction between ‘them’ and ‘us’, even mentioning ‘the other’ , as this opens the gate for imposing collective identity on the individual.” Yet they impose the collective identity “European” on all the diverse nations of Europe!
Hello and welcome back to Second Chance to Live my friend. I am happy to see that you decided to stop by to visit with me. Several months ago I wrote an article, Second Chance to Live — My Presence has been My Absence in which I explained why I had been in the hospital from August 17 – September 1 and unable to answer email and contribute to Second Chance to Live during that time period. My hospitalization had been a result of a sinus infection that developed into an orbital cellulitus.
When I posted about The Dead Zone, I mentioned that it was the first book to introduce the town of Castle Rock, and that all of the books that King writes about Castle Rock take place in the same “universe”. Cujo is the second book to feature Castle Rock (the main events of the story occur in Castle Rock this time, rather than just a side story). King establishes the “universe sharing” right off the bat too. The first paragraph of Cujo is actually a recap of the Castle Rock events from The Dead Zone (as in “Once upon a time there was a bad man in Castle Rock named Frank Dodd” – those aren’t the exact words, but I don’t have the book on me at the moment, but you should get the idea). The recap reminds us of Frank Dodd and gives us a rundown of all the girls he murdered. We are then reminded that Johnny Smith came to town and stopped him. We then find out that the story of Frank Dodd has stuck around and Frank has become a sort of boogeyman to the local children (as in, be a good little boy/girl or Frank Dodd will come and murder you in your sleep). Many, many times throughout the book the characters either make reference to or have remembrances about Frank Dodd.
What a wonderful treasure.
He did not advocate taking over all white businesses: “We just want a fair share. If we don’t do it (nationalisation), we will always stay poor. The Oppenheimers don’t need to worry because we only want 60% of Anglo American’s money.”
They have not died!
Her last words….her last breath.
For me, yes. The concepts and themes are horrific even if they are dealt with in a detached manner. Horror movies, as I've said before, are deeply personable. One person who I saw it with was not scared by it while I found myself hiding my eyes and bracing for a scare, which to me means it's working on a horror level... For instance when Dana and Marty are in the underground jail for the demons, ghosts etc I was well freaked out when Pseudo-Pinhead just stared at Dana. Eerie as fuck that was. It wasn't nearly as traumatic as The Woman In Black for me, but it worked.
Another round of surveys done, we piled into the car. Normally my Tanzanian supervisor took the window seat, punching data into his iPad, the window open to let in air, me smooshed between him and a Norwegian scientist. The professor, that veritable old gentleman, always took the front seat, and the other students and ministry employees crammed in the back. This time, however, I took the window seat. I was eager to catch pictures of the people of town, albeit surreptitiously. What I really wanted to catch was a picture of the Masai who from time-to-time walked down the street, talking into their cellphones. I wanted visual proof of the incongruity that is the Western mental picture of Africa and the reality of Tanzania.
If you phone a publishing company and ask the name of the commissioning editor for the list you are interested in, you may or may not be given it. I've been refused the email address of a commissioning editor by a telephone-answering Hitler. Even when I told her I'd already published more than 50 books of the same type, she was reluctant to give it to me. Funny way to run a business, employing staff to make it difficult for the buyers to acquire the product they sell. But then, publishing is a funny business.
Lassie: Bark. Bark. Bark.
The Birkie was actually held yesterday, but since this isn't "Saturday in my City" I have saved the story for today.
The bell jingled as the door opened behind her. She glanced in the mirror, over her shoulder, where a hulking silhouette filled the shop’s doorway. There was something familiar in the set of the man’s broad shoulders, in the slow way he reached up and removed his hat.
Finally there's that weedy Brown Ale. Which is about 10º weaker than a typical Brown Ale of the 1930's. It looks more like one from the austerity years of the 1940's. It, too, is surprisingly highly attenuated.
When Occupy Wall Street set up camp in the middle of September 2011, Americans were reminded of the collective power of citizens. American history is rich with movements of the people that created change; the Boston Tea Party, the Montgomery Bus Boycott and the Occupy camps across the country, all involved citizens coming together with a common desire to participate in shaping the future of this country. The Tea Party sparked the American Revolution, the Bus Boycott lead to the fight for civil rights, and the Occupy movement has focused the national discourse on economic and social inequalities. Throughout history, change in our democracy has been achieved through community organizing and direct action.
What big change have you decided to make recently? What have you done to take the first step towards it?
And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger; because there was no room for them in the inn.
and the accompanying letters suggest there is something
The museum was an interesting place but it was very hot wandering about as nearly everything was displayed outside and the current temperature is about 36c/96F. Some of the aircraft were beautifully restored, others in a sorry state, but overall a very unique museum – especially because they have grouped together different variants of the same types of Soviet built Mikoyan Gurevich (MiG) fighter aircraft they have operated i.e. the MiG-17 “Fresco”, MiG-19 “Farmer” and MiG-21 “Fishbed” (I have never seen this before).
Usually by November we are looking at mild sunny days with the occasional day of rain and wind----but this year it has been the other way around.
Image: Wednesday "Sara" Addams (Sassy Studio Designs) colored in marker and colored pencil
For nearly a hundred years, the state of Utah has played host to a number of Hollywood films, from potboilers on lean budgets to some of the most memorable films ever made, including Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Searchers, Footloose, and Planet of the Apes.
The soft murmur of other readers, explaining in vain why this book.
poet gone
I counted from top to bottom, (skipping my comment) to place in random order, then with a click of a button, the computer decided and we have the top 5 that will be sent a cookbook to keep and one to share with a friend!
The next group is an off shoot of the bicycle, and that is the motor scooter. This little idea goes back many many years especially in Europe where the streets are very narrow and the parking is also very limited. These very economical vehicles car carry large amounts of baggage with some creative thinking as well as being able to scoot you down the road at 40 mph. This is my personal mode of transportation for my 10 mile round trip to work on Wednesday thru Sunday at the Rum Bar. I spend approximately $5.00 a week on gasoline and I get to ride with the breezes in my face and the cool comfort of the open air every where I go around the island.
–Adam Swensen
1. With the yellow marker, draw a dot by pressing the brush straight down.
He looked at me, shrugged:
The Saders brought home sweet Melanie less than a year ago and are headed back across the ocean to get Charity. Oh to see Charity out of that crib and in the arms of her Mama will be sweet to see indeed!!
including 3 new ones for the Imagine and finally for me a pirate cartridge. Go over to cricut.com and have a look the handbooks are up.
Here is problem that I have encountered…..I LOVE protein, however – I find that I also just eat protein! I need to add colours to my diet, fresh veggies and fruits. Ive been working on my garden we have been having unbelievable weather in Canada and it looks like we are going to have an early summer – and it might be a brutal hot summer. We made it through the winter with less snow that ever! My husband shoveled once! So I have been itching to get this garden in since February when the weather was beautiful!! Its almost that time but we are still getting frost in the morning! I have turned the soil and getting ready for the compost to rake in!
I had asked that question of Pastor Fred, too, and he had replied that he had never seen anyone struggle as much as I had, but he assured me that God knew what He was doing and at some point the struggle would end. (Think the book of Job here because it is similar in that the Fallen One was allowed to attack Job for a period of time, but then the Most High God stopped the attack and restored Job.)
As I went out to skate I realized I'd done it again! I'd blamed the
Change for barn
Also in this process we have been getting repetitive signs that we may have been ignoring or putting on hold – these are to give up any kind of addiction or negative habits / patterns /behavioural tendencies, as they rob you of your heart’s true desires. Your heart yearns for love and peace, yet the toxins in your body (whether physical, emotional or mental) are polluting and blocking the flow and are dis-allowing the good to come in. You can ask Archangel Raphael to pour his copious healing green light over you. Bathe in this green essence and feel the healing beginning to occur. Clear yourself of toxins to cleanse and purify you and also ‘bring you back to earth’ in a more natural state, grounded, pure, and clear. Set the intention to be clearer vessel and to honour your heart’s true desires.
Yesterday we had the design context, the key terminology, some D&D history and an introduction to the setting; today we look at the pdf proper, and the very special ruleset.
But let's say you've practised abstinence. It's your wedding night, and high time for a thorough seeing-too. For God knows how long you've both restricted yourselves, and now your rules allow for...well, anything, I guess. Where do you start?
I bought this top from Primark yesterday or today depending what time they say this was posted! You may of seen the navy and white collared version on here a week or so ago.. yes I'm addicted to peter pan collars or well any collars really and at the moment Primark have some seriously lovely tops in at the moment I've bought 4 already and there is another one I'm definitely getting my hands on if my store ever have it in my size! The locket was a gift off someone before I left for uni and the cardigan is my old faithful from Dorothy Perkins I've had it for years but I still wear it all the time even though its becoming holey.
But I also ADORE the darker stamps. Tiddly Inks have got the best gothic and steampunk characters! I am beginning to broaden my horizons here. I luuuuuurrrrve the mysterious, almost sad and whimsical feel to them! More on SteamPunk later but first, gotta showcase this beauty:
Cover Art: Janek Matysiak
- Think fetch is an outside-only game? Think again. Like the regular Chuck-It, it features a long handle that lets you pick up the ball and throw it again and again without bending or touching the slobber on the ball. The soft bouncy “donut”-shaped ball is gentle on surroundings such as furniture and easy for your dog to carry around in his mouth. The bright coloring also makes it great for dogs with poor eyesight.
Well this week saw my bi - monthly class again (held every other Monday) and we made some lovely cards. They were a Star Card and a Pyramid card. I have seen them a few times on the internet and not sure where I saw them first.
Video: "Señor Burns" by Tito Puente on The Simpsons
4. You reach your last day full of pain at the realization that you never took any bold risks and so you never received any bright rewards.
It's being a while since I started thinking of this,of how different Mtf and FtM are,like,I know how is the feeling of hating your body and thinking that you should have been born in the other gender,but still is very hard to try to think of how is like to want to be a guy,or hating to be a girl.It's funny,because if is hard to me to understand,it must be really hard to cisgender people to get it too,and it's even worst because they don't have the feeling of wrong body.
I've coloured Tilda with promarkers and flexmarkers, sentiment is Pink Petticoat, flowers and 'gems on a wire' thingy are from Wild Orchid Crafts. I found my bow maker while I was looking for something else, so I had a go at a double bow, and added a charm from my stash - I've got LOADS of charms but hardly ever think to use them. Butterflies cut with Kars punches and everything else is from The Stamp Basket.
The preceding paragraphs were written shortly after February 28, 1993, when the Waco massacre occurred. One would have to be blind not to see the many losses of liberty that have occurred since then. The following article will explain how and why we are losing our constitution.
2. Gratitude: It’s no secret that I believe gratitude is important and there isn’t a moment that goes by during the day when I do not say ‘thank you’ to one of my children for whatever they are doing. It is literally at the end of nearly every sentence I speak to them and most other people I come in contact with. When you approach a person or situation from a state of gratitude, like love, you acknowledge and validate the individual or experience as having value and purpose.
If you think of it please pray for us. Reliving this is very difficult. The enemy loves putting negative thougths in our heads, making us question why we are doing this to ourselves. But we know we are doing exactly what God has told us to do. We are living our Genesis 5020.
The second is failure to apply the lessons of admitted mistakes. To its credit, the Government has admitted the failings of outcomes-based education but the ANC nevertheless plans to forge ahead with a national health system without considering the State's capacity constraints.
Despite all this turmoil, the man in the center of the photo, Humphrey Bogart, was doing all right. Still a major star, he had recently finished work on The Caine Mutiny , where he played the ball-busting, and ball-twiddling, Captain Queeg. His last great iconic performance, he would soon be nominated for an Oscar, though he would lose to the man who, a few years earlier, had lost to him, Marlon Brando. Could Bogart have stayed a major star all the way into the 1960s? We'll never know. See that cigarette in his hand? Kind of fits his tough guy image, huh? In three years he'd be dead of throat cancer.
5) Jimmy Greenhoff. I just loved the guy. He was my own ‘Roy of the Rovers’. I actually shed tears when we sold him.
Melt chocolate chips, butterscotch chips, and peanut butter over low heat until smooth.
KARACHI – The police and Rangers conducted joint search operations in different localities of the city on Tuesday and arrested seven suspects, also recovering arms from their possession.
The midway was crowded and I was the man
And not the great I was.
a perfectly damaged adam
I’ve come to the conclusion that sharing is connecting. And disconnecting is depression. And that’s why I have this blog.
I can start a run on this trail with brains full of nonsense and, by the end of my run (which is short - only 4-6 miles depending on the day and how my hip and knee feel) I have actual coherence.
"Shamokin" recounts how one night on tour the band played a sold-out show in front of thousands on a bill with The English Beat; the next, they were performing for a handful of punk rock kids in this poverty-stricken, no future ghost town of a coal town near Scranton, PA (even though the mines have been closed for years, a funeral pyre-like fire still rages in one of them a mile underground). "Shamokin" is the post-WWII 1950s American dream/teenage rockstar fantasy gone bust. The American manufacturing industries that once employed millions and allowed them to provide a decent and secure middle-class way of life for their families abandonded them in favor of cheap, benefits-free Third-world labor--devastating countless communities in the US its wake (how un-patriotic can you get?). Likewise, the music business, indie or major, essentially has been rendered obsolete by the terrible advent of file sharing--how can you earn a living as a full-time musician if your fans expect to download your music for free and can't tear themselves away from their computer, smartphone, or TV screens to pay a couple of bucks see you play a gig? "Shamokin" is the heart, soul, and conscience of Bigger Thomas wrapped up in one tune: what do you do when you can't do what you love to live?
Urabe’s refrain is “I don’t need friends”, but after what happens in P.E., perhaps a better way to phrase it is “it’s best if I don’t have too many friends,” after Oka gets her wounds. Being friends means sometimes sharing feelings and sometimes pain; in this case, literal physical ailments – which is a crazy supernatural power that the series presents in a surprisingly low-key manner. Both Urabe and Oka (and Tsubaki for that matter) simply accept that this is how drool works. What surprised us most of all was Oka using a drool test to determine how far Urabe’s gotten with Tsubaki, proving that Urabe isn’t the only one who can administer such a test.
It’s hard to believe that the 138th running of the Kentucky Derby is less than a week away. Last year, I was fortunate enough to tab longshot Animal Kingdom as the winner, before I stubbed my toe in the Preakness and Belmont. The year before, I swept the Triple Crown, including the cold trifecta in the Belmont Stakes. Let’s see if we can get another streak going next Saturday.
“The new record feels like a great combination of everything we've done as a band up to this point,” explains Lambert. “It has catchier hooks, bigger breakdowns, as well as bringing back all of the gang vocals, and gang singing, varied styles of screaming, and it has a faster more punk influenced vibe in a lot of places that we're really excited about. We all grew up as kids listening to pop punk as well as hardcore and metal so it feels right having the faster paced and more intense feel in the new songs, while as the same time adding even catchier and more pop oriented choruses.”
Maybe we should take a moment and breathe. Stop trying to push God into our box and let Him take things at His own pace. There’s no need to rush perfection. Let Him take care of everything.
Right, now all that's out of the way, I've been holding this in all blog, and I need to get it out: EEEHEEHEEHEEHEE I'M PUBLISHED WAHOOOOOO!
Its best to get away from the city now and meet thousand year old villagers and really try to understand why the issue is more complicated than a simple man caused ecological disaster, than simply 'feudalism.' To drink at the fountain of their wisdom.
Today i was thinking about that feeling you get when you are so psyched about something and you can hardly wait for it and it's the only thing you can think about. And you get so caught up in your illusions of what it's gonna be that the truth only ends up disappointing.
Abney said he considers himself blessed because he only suffered a black eye in the attack and inhaled smoke. He left the Cole in February 2001 and now is stationed at a command in Norfolk.
Bentley
The kids were a little dismayed at these rag tag chickens. Eww mom look.
Environmental Stewardship and Sustainability Office Intern
I have a "fun money" account and for the past couple of years I've been setting aside my birthday and holiday money with the intention of buying something fun and frivolous. I've been toying with the idea of getting an e-reader. Do I need an e-reader? No, absolutely not. I have hundreds of books sitting on my shelves, waiting to be read/reread, not to mention the easy access I have to thousands of library books at library branches all across the county. But again, the money is for something fun and frivolous, which to me, an e-reader is.
-Afraid we couldn’t handle the emotion aspects of the child leaving
1 Some people who were there at that time told Jesus about certain Galileans. Pilate had mixed their blood with their sacrifices.
When talking to others, our visual appearance has greater impact than our tone of voice. Surprisingly, what words we use matter less than how we use them.
In that confusion, desperate parents prescribed anything they thought would better their children, from random drugs to shroud local herbs.
2 Sweet Sue, Just You
The journey to Deal was lovely, it was approx 93 miles of lovely countryside and some more chilled white wine!
M.S: Writing about a German immigrant in Minnesota in the early 20th century was almost an autobiography in reverse--as though I were writing in a dark, inverted mirror. In fact, I was a Minnesota-born expat living in Germany in the late 20th century, pouring my sense of transcultural alienation and wondering where "home" really was into Kathrin's story. In my day to day life, I was the foreigner with the funny accent.
2. The foreign national’s work in the field during the past year did, and the foreign national’s intended work in the United States will, require exceptional ability.
There's nothing like a good breakfast the morning after a late night band recording session. A Sausage and Egg McMuffin is nothing like a good breakfast, but all the same it tastes just right.
and in this stocking you must put -
C. “What was your name again?”
Since we’re here forevermore.
Wear a pretty flower, it is a treat.
Analysis of “tradecraft” in above clip: Sarah = (“the mark”) woman kissing Todd = (“green cap kitty”) —theater of operation = (“box”) — players arrive w/mark, get into position, await signals– green cap kitty in place (left screen) — cameraman in place w/perfectly framed shot of “box”– distraction team in place along sidelines as cheering crowd– grab man (last to enter box) rides behind Todd, gets off machine, for “grab n blind” —pulls Sarah into his large, tall frame; she’s literally in the dark as he keeps her back toward top of box, while “tongue-swap” is in play. Todd enters box, rides past Sarah to center frame (no kiss) awaits green cap kitty approach–Ops split box in half – acting as human shields/barricades, ensuring Sarah fixed at bottom of “box.”–they even have back-up “hand-off” men, just in case “grab man” let’s go too early; ck out guy in orange vest at halfway point of box, and guy at left posing as photographer…Ops distract Sarah, oblivious to Todd/green cap kitty’s tongue swap. Listen as cameraman provides voice over, gleefully announcing –”Todd’s getting that!”– laugh track provided by extras– green cap kitty takes mocking look towards Sarah at bottom of “box” after tongue swapping ends — Towards end of clip, you actually see “radio man” (in contact w/”grab man”) walk past camera w/earpiece in plain sight (called a glory shot). Todd’s “Kiss-N-Diss” film closes w/green cap kitty visibly exited fr (7sec) kiss (tongue hanging out her mouth)– cameraman ends film w/sarcastic quip “hugs for Sarah“– pans up to finish line for clip ending…well done! Last voice heard on clip is Sarah’s exclaiming “Piper…!” – serious mocking/ridicule here – Todd displays full control of Alaskan Kitty (Artic Cat) riding past his checkered flag waving wife/daughter, to tongue swap green cap kitty w/so many Alaskans in on joke. Todd Palin shout out to his Masonic Bros. on Global Management Team…”I’ve got the Kitty under control…ready for roll out”…
If you are an organization such as a nonprofit, community-based organization, or public entity visit www.probonopro.org to learn more about how APBP can help you meet your mission by adding professional capacity and support.
Apr 08 2011 15:03
Learning Outcomes: 6
Main Engine Cutoff. Second stage separation. Second stage burn started.
Henry V – 1
I'll have orders in one hour, once the Council is out of session.
I remember this book being thoroughly shocking when I was teenager, filled with sex and ongoing incest. From an adult and parental perspective, the abuse and neglect seem more shocking to me now. The "constant" sex is, in reality, one brief scene that is not described in detail.
Reuters had an interesting article about the undertow that is dragging new home owners underwater if they borrowed with low down payment loans guaranteed by the FHA.
Rdio comes in second for playlist creation ease of use. You can create a playlist right on the playlist page with a search box that allows you to click on the return list to add a song to the list, but the MOG way of creating playlists is just better. You can even play a song from the search results to verify you’ve got the right version.
Are we sure today isn’t a Monday?
Could you please talk about your involvement with the DIY punk community, how you got involved in it and how it affects your lives (putting out your music, going on tours and playing shows, etc)
If you could invite some book characters or authors to dinner, who would you choose and why?
The story: last spring, Sara came to a Prima Vox rehearsal laughing and telling us that she'd just seen an ad in the shopper for Goats for Sale: $5. I couldn't help thinking "The Five-Dollar Goat" would be a great title for an Irish jig. But we were set to rehearse magnificats and psalms and Hildegard chants that day, and the drones and the harmonies pushed the idea of the jig to the back recesses of my mind.
The Rio payload, on the other hand, was uniform and round... each and every one. Also noticed, the wad in the Rio load seemed built to higher standards. This was evidenced by the powder flakes that had migrated into the shot on the S&B loads, but not on the RIO shells.
In recent days, I’ve had several interesting conversations about female friendships. And after seeing so many friends in New York, it’s made me appreciate those old bonds and what they mean to me more than ever.
Ronnen
We had a fun morning with Lucky Charms cereal and green milk. Kiddo was pretty sure it would taste awful, but was delighted to learn the flavor did not change. I haven't yet told her that um..something else will change color in about 4 hours..we will cross the bridge later..
Step 1. At the end of the last post, you had finished the knit row, and you now need to turn your work around. At this point in time, you will always be working from the right side of your stitches to the left, ie the stitches are transferred from the left hand needle onto the right hand needle, as you have knitted or purled.
and jade intermingling,
“I know many things.” The centaur said, in his calculated tone. “I know of your purpose here, I know of your past and of what is to come.”
But what truly kept nagging me as the film wore on was the question of why I was supposed to be thrilled by the police stomping out these nondescript people in this building. I wouldn't call it fascistic, per se, certainly not in the way that, say, The Elite Squad is (this is perhaps the one area where the film's lack of story works; if it had even a whisper of one it would likely be in support of this police brutality). There is something, though, unsettling about how gleefully the film moves into a brawl, especially given that the first building resident the audience meets is a decent, meek man just trying to get medicine to his wife. How many others like him are caught in the crossfire of this raid?
The next day, Sookie is invited to a secret sex party organized by Mike Spencer. Afraid to go alone, Sookie asks Eric to accompany her as Bill is out of town. At the sex party, Sookie is surprised to see her friend Tara and her fiancé, Eggs, and learns that Mike and Tom Hardaway murdered Lafayette. The party is interrupted when Bill, Andy Bellefleur, Sam (collie form) and the maenad gather in front of the house. The maenad enjoys the drunkenness and lust of the party participants and eventually kills them all, except for Tara. Bill and Eric burn the house, and Eric glamors Tara so that she will be unable to remember what happened at the sex party.
6. Christ (5:05)
* You’ve based Kat’s adventures in Regency England. Are you a fan of books from that time and did they help inspire the story?
Owning a 5D Mark III or any FF D-SLR won’t actually make you professional. It will just indicate that you’ve passed the test in learning photography as your passion. (Sooner enough, I’ll own that 5D Mark III, whether it has articulate LCD or not, but it’s really different if the LCD’s only articulated, though! Nobody touches my future camera. It’s my future boyfriend! HAHAHA!)
As I have previously held no particular view over the ancient lineage claims for Witchcraft, Wicca and Paganism in Great Britain, and their authenticity or lack thereof, and because I have followed a largely intuitive path similar perhaps to that of a Hedge-Druid in my relative independence of groups and traditions as regards my own awareness of Pagan and nature reverencing issues and of what I shall term Supernature and its apprehension in daily life, I have found this volume to be informative, enjoyable and unexpectedly provocative. That there ensues some degree of partisan prejudice was almost to be expected, as the wider public may still hold various oppositional perspectives based on an until recently dominant Christian cultural ideology and its ensuing misinformation against Paganism and Witchcraft in particular. That such views should apparently inform an objective academic in his choice of how to handle his subject matter is not a question that I am well enough equipped to consider. I would surmise however by saying that I have learned a lot by reading this work, both within the tome itself and further by becoming aware of sensible and informed dissent without.
“God Dammit START!” I screeched. It started. I whirled around and sped off. Someone cursed.
Double-damn! Why couldn't I have been in the audience the day before, when apparently the guests were oh-so-handsome Frenchmen François Cluzet, Guillaume Canet, and -- yup -- Dominique de Villepin? Coulda woulda shoulda.
like the fine scars of unknown wounds,
I decided to stamp 3 images and colored them. I was going to pop the eggshell but I just decide to leave it , instead add a flower ribbon and used the mini brads. I thought it was kind of cute.
Be a wizard or a vampire?
My next blog will be aobut my girls....Just FYI!!
I have my perfect haircut.
Now, you don't even have to do the translation.
Is jealous of all self-murther!
10 Kickstart to Freedom 4:36
I am also so very thankful for my mom and for all that she has done for me and for her love for me. She has been there for me through it all. I'm so grateful to my Heavenly Father for my mom.
Jamie at Waterhalo is the winner. I was going to get creative with cats or a monkey or something to determine the winner randomly, but some people freak out about stuff like that, so I picked the most boring option ever.
at Musician's Institute Hollywood, CA.
Later, when I came to know Jesus Christ, I began to act in another fashion. I began to realize that it wasn’t just about me, it was about her. I believe that the Holy Spirit was producing AGAPE in me. Were the other loves still there? Yes!
“If they can come, they can come,” he said. “If not, I can at least lay out the outline of what we're going to be doing.”
‘Indeed. Irish tyres hissing slick on the sweat of the German tax-payer, who will tell you that he has paid for every last yard of straight road built here in the last forty years. You know,’ she said, ‘there have always been those who turned their back on Brussels and Frankfurt, and not everyone who professes to ourselves alone is a Sticky or a Shinner. But I could never understand that. I quite liked the idea that Herr Fritz was spreading around his Marshall Plan largesse to buy himself some badly needed friends.’ She shrugged. Her voice gone dead and cold, as if she spoke from inside a tomb. ‘Perhaps I was wrong. Herr Shylock has returned demanding his pound of flesh, and it appears he is charging blood debt rates. Straight roads, certainly, and more suicides in the last year than died in traffic accidents.’
Grazing over plates of deep-fried shrimp, nacho chips and 2-bite brownies bares a rather vibrant red light to me! Bring appies and dishes to your friend’s potluck that you know you will feel good about eating. Definitely enjoy a few tasty treats while at the party but just remember tip #13!!
Thanks to everyone who tuned in to last month’s show! It’s archived for your listening pleasure. Next week the polls will be up for voting on Hottie 2012. An update on last year’s hotties will be included.
Capital B is right!!
Exploring hands encounter no defence; 240
1. Dr. Hagelin: Last week, Maharishi declared that, in truth, there is no difference between the unmanifest Unified Field and its manifest expressions in the universe: “Between the unmanifest and the manifest, there is nothing; it is the same thing.” Maharishi also said this unified reality of life is explained in the Nyaya Sutras of the Vedic literature: “Nyaya is the lamp at the door; the outside and the inside meet at the door.” My question for Maharishi is this: If there is no difference between the outside and the inside, ultimately, then what is the door that stands between them?
American Pale Ales like Southern Star’s Pine Belt are quite popular and are an adaptation of English pale ales to reflect local ingredients native to America, often without heavy hopping and a less caramel flavor than their English counterparts. Southern Star’s Co-founders Dave Fougeron and Brian Hutchins began production of their first signature brew in March of this year from their 10,000 foot warehouse in Conroe. Southern Star Brewing Company is the one of the only microbreweries in the state of Texas to package their craft beer in a can.
Change who I forever am in You
Ever have one of those moments where your mind just goes blank? And the rest of you goes blank? No other thought existed in my head except for the "I have to listen to that song". So I found it on Spotify. And I played it. It took me back to a time when a certain French Canadian boy introduced me to such music. I still know the lyrics to this song. And I don't speak french :)
Brandon and I continue to learn more about each other every day. After over 8 years together, that is pretty incredible! One thing we have seemingly had to relearn after having Brayden is the way we talk to each other in front of others. We like to joke a lot, make fun of each other's misfortunes throughout the days for a good laugh, and its not all the time either. We tend to pick on each other, especially to cheer the other one up if they have had a rough day, but sometimes this can get taken the wrong way by others if they aren't around us 24/7.
suggestion that this is a matter for negotiation. Alan Gross is
½ cup chopped sweet pickle
Anyway, after a second call to Mr. Propane Man in the late afternoon, he finally filled the tank.
We will attack with our pen
Skydiving seems only to exist to answer the question: ‘What does crapping your pants at 30,000 feet feel like?’
In another generation, America may well face what Africa is now experiencing -- invasions of private land by the "have-nots;" the decline in health care quality; roads and buildings in disrepair; the banishment of your history from the education of the young; the revolutionization of your justice system.
OK, next bit of news...
The police do nothing except hide the truth for fear of breaching the dictates of political correctness, and the case of Charlene was handled so incompetently by the police and the CPS that the scum who murdered her were acquited AND THEN GIVEN £250,000 BY THE COURTS AS COMPENSATION FOR BEING KEPT ON REMAND.
I remember the first time I watched “Mulan.” It was at my best friend’s eighth birthday back in 1998. Even now, it’s one of my favorite movies. Sure it’s adorable and funny, but I think the movie sends out a strong message to young women: you can be your own hero. You don’t need someone’s permission to play with the big boys. You can defeat any enemy on your own. And you certainly don’t have to wait for a handsome prince to rescue you.
That's what girls are made of
The ocean in Egypt is warm and clean. The skies above are blue.
I’ve made some good thrift store finds. Some things I’m super excited about upcycling. My family doesn’t love my finds. They just don’t see the potential. Bummer. But the good news is they like the finished products. My challenge is just to get to the finished product part. I’ve written before about not being a closer. Its not my strong suit, but small projects are a lot easier to finish. And I love seeing my progress.
Roadsaw - S/T (Clear Blue 180gr Vinyl)
One day, a snake charmer visited a government clinic with his sick wife. After a little wait, the government doctor gave the patient a consultation. The snake charmer expected free medicines but the doctor gave him only a prescription. “Buy the medicines from a pharmacy,” he told the poor snake charmer.
And notice in the above photo that Miss Weißbierknigge is not shaking your pint just to get a bigger tip. She's demonstrating how to get the yeast out of the bottom of the bottle, because it makes a big difference in the taste and if you do it right, your head will look like this:
Alright, new start: “There’s no escape. I’m God’s lonely man.” Wait, wrong movie again, right? No–Scorsese decided to borrow from his other film, Taxi Driver, and put some of that post-war psychotic veteran storyline into this film. Clever, Scorsese, very clever. At least you can copy off yourself–then it’s not considered cheating…right? (Some teachers will dispute this by saying “Submitting the same paper twice is cheating, even if you wrote it yourself.”)
Mark's Home Brew Shop, Maitland Rd, Islington
How did you know?
Believe me... 13.1 miles is no MINI..
At about 3:30p we boarded the boats again and traveled to Tortuguero Village. You are given an hour and a half to explore on your own then board the boat or leave at your leisure and walk the beach back to the lodge. After this, I promise my complaining will end. Tortuguero Village exists, as it is now, for tourists. Surprise, surprise. It was like getting off a cruise ship and directed to the ‘local’ shops peddling ‘handmade’ goods really mass produced by little children somewhere. I know that’s incredibly cynical, and most-likely ignorant, but that is how I felt. I felt stared at and stereotyped. The village is beautiful, though. A thin strip of land, now an island because of a past earthquake, lush and abundant with life.
“How could I be so blind?” Fortunatus said.
Speaking of upholstery, I wanted to thank Modenus for featuring a before and after of my Boston Townhouse Living Room project on their website today. This was a project that included several upholstered pieces. The sofa was a Dapha for Baker Furniture with Stroheim & Romann fabric (both to the trade), the arm chairs were Mitchell Gold + Bob Williams (retail) with a Robert Allen washable velvet (COM to the trade) and the side chairs were Restoration Hardware in their own velvet (all retail). I point this out because I think it's a good lesson in using varied resources to achieve the best results on a project. Retail store furniture can often be covered in COM (Customer's Own Fabric) or COL (Customer's Own Leather), so never hesitate to ask. It may be more expensive, but to get exactly what you want, it's worth it.
"12 years".
Last year we watched "High Noon" after a fascinating introduction to the film. This year we saw "Stagecoach" after hearing an original ode to John Wayne, composed and recited by Larry Maurice.
Your thoughts are always appreciated.
The weather has been glorious the last few days and looks to continue that way all week! I am giddy with excitement to get out in my garden this week and enjoy the rare, warm March weather!!
I had one shot to kill the last centurion before losing. I had to get a 7 or an 8 (on an 8-sided die). Brent used a card to lower the difficulty by 2, so I’d have to get a 5.
I've been waiting for Merrick and Alissa's story to come out. Merrick is my favorite hero so far. Exceedingly deadly and dangerously romantic.
Or if I believe other than you, at least pause before you correct my view.
“There must be one candidate for one seat in the seven constituencies allocated to SUPP and that candidate must come from SUPP,” he said.
A few years ago the British company »Tower of London« treated the GK community with the release of a classic Jeff Yeagher sculpt: »Mr. Hyde« from the Paramount Pictures version of »Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde« from 1931. Fredric March scored an Academy award as »Best actor« in 1932 for his dual performance as the troubled scientist and his brutish alter ego.
The sigla found in NA27/UBS4 Greek New Testament is one of the hardest things for the general public to wrap their head around. It’s very similar to talking to your doctor. Still, Textual Criticism: There’s just no escaping it.
This is one of the longest books in single volume that I have read. It was released with lot of hype in 1993. To some extent it lived up to the expectation but still it was a very long book. I remember having struggled to get it from library for reading. The story of “A Suitable Boy” is about a mother’s search for a suitable bridegroom for her daughter Lata’s marriage. Lata is young and vulnerable and ready to fall in love and not get influenced by her mother’s choices. At the same time, there are pressures of society and culture. But with that central story the book is also a commentary on post Independence India.
Third, philosophy could not possibly have come to exist without philosophers having an interest in the universe. That is philosophy basically started as an attempt to do science.
I made the mistake of wearing a stern look inspired by Sean Connery (James Bond) in my teenage years, falsely thinking it would make me appear more macho.
LABOUR: Caravan pie. Pasty pasty pasty pie pie sausage roll pie pasty pie pie. VAT VAT
Mr Tata said that things are different in his native India. "If you are in a crisis, if it means working to midnight, you would do it. "The worker in JLR seems to be willing to do that; the management is not," he said.
My newest collection is appropriately named the “Express Yourself Series". This collection comes from deep within my imagination, my love of art, personal insecurities and the need to become a better and happier person. I think that art should be an expression of who we are and the things that are important to us so I have created these designs to allow myself and others to say what is often on our minds. Most of the new sentiments in this series are my own original thoughts, and feelings. They are meant to be uplifting, and encouraging to those that need to believe in themselves more (something I have always struggled with).
The weather has been so nice since last weekend, I organized a picnic (for real this time) in Meridian Hill/Malcolm X Park today.
Planning Gardens- Preparing for Antique Shows of 2012, and a new grandson was born on Christmas Eve so for sure lots of family time.
I’ve had futures so many times, so many plans. Is this my addiction? Striving for any faint crumble of solid mass to hold onto in this feeble life we all have? Every time I try to get anywhere, I always get behind the point where I started. I know it can’t just be me that’s this fucking “cursed”, but fuck. It gets old after the third time. Well Mr. Madman, you’re on try number seven.
~Terry
To date I have lost 12 pounds and dropped a size. YAHOOOOO!!! The weight loss has been slow (in my opinion), but my chances of keeping it off are greater according to statistics if I lose approximately 1 pound a week, rather than rush things along with a faster weight loss.
I picture invitations going back and forth that sound something like this:
After years of good loyal service it is with sadness that I have sold my 18 year old, much loved, VW Cabriolet. The only car I have ever liked so much that I kept it for so long, even taking to Canada and back! Most cars only last about a year before they get sold on.
Today, in the workshop, I caught her smell, faint, sharp, metallic, unmistakable. It is the smell of metal-polish - she must have been doing the silver that day. I was so happy when I identified it! Anything seemed possible. It even seemed that someday I might wake up and see, coming forward from the darkened room into the frame of that doorway which is always in my mind now, a child, a girl, one whom I will recognise at once, without the shadow of a doubt. However, when I read that quote to John just now, he snorted, and I must say that in view of Freddie's earlier comments about certainty, that without the shadow of a doubt possibly has an ironic ring.
I tell all this not to elicit pity, but to illustrate why even the years I spent unschooling, living free and following my passions and sleeping and eating exactly when I felt like it, were also filled with pain and depression and a very real sense that the world didn't want me around to sully its reputation. The world told me that I was a leech and a sinner, and that my mom, who is perhaps the gentlest person in the world, should be locked up somewhere. I heard subtle and not-so-subtle messages coming from everywhere saying I shouldn't have been born. My suicidal ideation came not from the sense that I wanted to die, but from the sense that I did not deserve to live. My mom could tell me over and over that I was fine just like I was, but she couldn't get the whole world to shut up and leave me alone. The fact that she didn't add to the chorus of disapproval was immensely helpful, but she couldn't silence it. She didn't have that power.
collection kit of their choosing.
The same reference to this spiritual ‘food” is also found on the New Testament of John, where Master Christ Jesus confirms the significance of the spiritual dew as the main source of divine inspiration and spiritual transformation. Only the “crystalline and pure” minds can apprehend this gift and replicate the benefit to the rest of the body.
1 clapped
He's currently pinned to my design board patiently watching over the studio because life has gotten in the way of rug hooking lately. I'll get back to him eventually!
God blesses those who are merciful,
What are the dangers? How do you overcome them?
NO, I DON’T MEAN WORKING OUT.
Special thanks to Daniel Mourek of the Greenways International (Nadace Paternerstvi) for providing background and information on cycling in Prague. He is also a member of the Commission of Bicycle Transport for Prague City Council. http://www.nadacepartnerstvi.cz/english/
“Jake had been heading out of the building and toward the gym…still pretending to himself like it had never happened…when he saw Daisy Cavanaugh for the first time ever in school. He saw her down the hall.
Day two: Got up, prayed, did some exercises, saw my husband still in bed, and decided to snuggle (after all, he does need my love to keep him warm). Fell back asleep. Blah.
05 Sim Sala Bim
“The clients must then draw money and give it to the metro police officers or face being arrested for driving while drunk,” explained Crous. He confirmed that Roux and a friend were at his club on Friday morning.
I try to get them to talk about their lives and their world - instead of just repeating the lines about shoppes, prices and places in their textbooks. The last 2 assignments I gave: write a story about yourself and your day.
Our second part of our engagement session was at a random baseball field. I LOVEEEEE baseball so I wanted to incorporate that somehow into our engagement photos. I think they came out GREAT!! Dana really captured us having a good time..
The written word can be read in a variety of interpretations according to one’s belief and principles. Unfortunately, when malice was intended when one writes to hoodwink readers who are not that bright, confusion reigns.
Yesterday's post about RAKs got me to thinking. The purpose of these challenges are to leave your descendants with more information about you: your likes/dislikes, your hopes/dreams, your everyday life. More importantly, though, we want to show our future generations WHO we are/were as people. To know the true me (and you) so that they can have a better understanding of us.
“Because of that one phone call, she is now no longer an irrelevant part of my past and I think all the perceived irrelevant things we see, do or sometimes think have some sort of impact, even if its just….. ‘just’….. on our character.”
smiling
Too many things to do, too many emotions, not enough working out, and not enough blogging. I need to balance everything out!
BADGE OF COURAGE
The system here is a bit different than the U.S. Many of these types of exams will take place directly at the doctor’s office. Here you go to an exam center where they do it all onsite. At least that was what was in store for me.
they aren't so fundamental are they?
On occasions when one or more of the processes of sexual development diverge from the norm, the various facets of our biological and psychological sexual identity may not be in full agreement and may even strongly disagree.
But as I was preparing the dish, something was missing. Something green. I knew I had to make this healthier than just a cheese and potato dish. So I added 2 boxes of chopped spinach to the middle layer. That was not only a healthy addition but a delicious one.
Make sure to leave a comment and let me know what are your Easter Plans this year and you will be entered into a draw for a RAK, become a follower of my blog and you will get another entry into the draw.
To simplify things, a root was created to streamline the treat of connections- bluetooth.
“It was intended as a failsafe by my brethren, but we soon discovered there were those among us who wished to use our inventions for selfish purposes. The benevolent of us destroyed the Doorways to prevent them from falling into idle hands. All save one. When Illmatar fell, I knew the Citadel would be next. To ensure the plague and the Trespasser would not gain entrance to the Summit, I invoked the power of the Doorway to conceal the entrance and hid it within the mechanism. It will only open at your behest.”
Despite the closest store on campus being down several flights of stairs and a large hill which is required to climb to return and enjoy our ice cold goodness, me and my roommates go down almost every night to buy drinks. It's worth it, since they sell half gallon jugs of orange juice, just enough to quenche my thirst for one anime marathon. Or for at least an hour or two. (That's why I bought more.)
7. Principles and integrity. A good life ends with a feeling of integrity — that the person has lived up to his or her dream. Yet many forces in our society conspire to compromise our principles in favor of the “bottom line”. How do children learn to abide by principles? How do adults manage to do it?
As the ferry pulls up to Muff Island *juvenile giggle*, Skip and Arch get into an argument about Stretch. Arch angrily informs Skip that he doesn't want to play anymore, then whips the knife at Skip. It lands in Skip's stomach, and he staggers backwards into the water. Nan's horrified scream gets the attention of the deckhand(HA! I thought of the word!), who dives into the cold water to rescue Skip. Then Rob jumps in as well. As they search under water for the body, Skip himself pops up, revealing that the switchblade was a fake.
Many other online retailers besides Amazon have sent me multiple packages instead of only one. But if you use Shipito, you can always upgrade your free service plan to Virtual Mailbox to enable package consolidation if you need it.
When she looked around her empty room,
Everyone’s Just So So Special; Robert Shearman (Big Finish)
You seem to love conversation, especially the verbal duels between your protagonists and their snarky subordinates, such as Henghis Hapthorn and his integrators, and Chesney and his demon in The Damned Busters. Is that something you enjoy about your own books?
You Team Member: “When you say you need it for business can you tell me more?”
The concentration near the center shows that Vela was in the sensitive region of the LAT field during much of that period.
Both of our boys love doing puzzles. For some reason we have stored our puzzles in our TV cabinet and not in the IKEA Expedit, with the rest of the toys. I think it is probably because it's something they like doing sitting on the carpet. As you can imagine though keeping 20 or so puzzles organised and tidy is a challenge AND has been done very poorly in our household to date.
What I've learned from the EDL is that a great diversity of opinion can be a good thing (which is ironic given that the criticism that is often levelled at the EDL often focuses around the claim that we are fascists or racists).
So there it is. Lessons we can learn from the Trash Man. Keep your mind open and look for learning opportunities in non-traditional settings. The world has a lot to teach us ……if we are willing to listen.
Good morning- and Happy Earth Day! This post is coming to you via Auto Post as I am out of town :). Just wanted to make sure I was able to share with you my DT work for Creative Scrappers, sketch #205 which is being unveiled today!
When the real competitors to a product are identified, it often points the way to a change in the marketing approach so that the product can compete more effectively.
Still waiting on Blogger to post my scheduled posts.
Changing with Ran - Amulet Heart
“red rover, red rover, send Tiffany right over”. Y’all remember that game? If you broke
A bit frosty around the edges! Actually, we fared pretty well last night. The thermometer on the porch was reading 29F this morning when I got up at 5:40 am. A tad bit chilly after the 80 degree temps we've been having recently. Amazingly, while a few things got nipped around the edges (mainly in the herb garden) most everything looks to have survived pretty well. The apple blossoms look OK but it's hard to tell. The strawberries already have buds on them but I don't think they're developed enough to have taken much damage. Still, we've got some cold nights ahead early next week so we'll see how we come through.
‘”Is it lawful to pay the taxes to Caesar or not? Should we pay or should we not pay?” The question itself is illuminating. As the text tells us, they were trying to use Jesus’ own words to trap him. If they put this question, then, it was because it was already being debated. Jesus had the reputation of being hostile to Caesar.’
and the little story
The store’s no-messing strap line, ‘It’s all about the bread’ will not disappoint carb fans with a passion for the doughy-stuff.
From the YouTube blurb:Giuseppina is a 1960 short documentary film produced by James Hill. It won the Academy Award for Documentary Short Subject. Production of the film was sponsored by the British Petroleum company (BP), which also distributes the film. The BP webpage summarizes the film as, "set at an Italian petrol station where various characters pass through on their onward journey, while entertaining and playing with the attendant's daughter, Giuseppina."
If suspected perjured evidence results in an acquittal, then a prosecution might be brought, although this would need to be more than an attempt to re-try the original case by other means.
So, jot a note of each event with date or baby's age
A couple of years ago while searching for comforting words to offer a friend I examined that saying more closely. I asked myself, so what if someone is strong enough to endure, does that knowledge or belief really make it easier? Does it take away the pain? Does that mean that stronger people are destined to endure more difficult trials simply because they are stronger? How is that fair? Who would want to be stronger if only to endure more pain? Suddenly this saying meant to bring comfort seemed to be doing the opposite.
Yes, it’s gotten to that point. God, Jesus Christ are all given special place on the radio, television and social media sites where I supposedly stay in close contact with friends and family. Their logos and slogans are everywhere. I don’t see or hear an awful lot of Vishnu, Shiva or Allah in my little corner of the world but I’m quite sure they are amply promoted outside my limited confines.
Hmm. Later.
A week later I received an email, asking if I would be interested in a full time position at an
These ETs appear to be the same people who appeared in ancient civilizations around the world and were labeled as “gods” or “angels.”
Now this family is looking at $3,000,000 plus in doctor bills. Not to mention commuting two hours one way to the children’s hospital, and meals on the road and so on.
I used to live in Eastern Washington and can tell you that most of central and eastern Washington is a dry, hot, dusty, sparsely populated……… pit……. but in a scenic sort of way. (Just like 2/3 of my state of Oregon) Whereas the “Pit” areas of central and eastern Oregon are not thriving with wineries because not much besides tumbleweeds will grow in that dry desert climate, the Columbia Valley area of Washington is exploding with wineries, because of one feature…. the Columbia River.
Fourth, another clear indication that the Church herself intends for the teaching of Leo XIII to be considered to be a principle that should be applied broadly, comes in its application to the six days of creation. The Pontifical Biblical Commission, which was a magisterial office at the time, issued this statement in 1909 concerning the language of Genesis 1 – language that clearly hearkens to Leo XIII’s Providentissimus Deus:
It's not particularly important, except to me, as I'm excited about making a venue for myself to continue to explore why I find this manga/anime worldl so fascinating. Some of it might bleed over here, but only if it has a direct bearing on my novels (and, yes, manga has had an impact on no less than four of my five completed novels).
“In a peacetime training circumstance, we want to operate at as low of risk is prudent for the level of training we get out of a mission,” he said. “When we go into combat, risk goes up, but the reason to assume that risk goes up as well.
ch9 dc in each ch, continue in a spiral until work is 2cm. for the last round work (dc,tr) in each dc. sl st into 1st dc fasten off
sparse 1/2 tsp salt
You have just finished a tough workout at the gym and are looking for a drink to satisfy your thirst. You begin to reach for a Gatorade when you see a cold bottle of chocolate milk calling your name. Chocolate milk provides a nutritious amount of carbohydrates and protein to replenish your muscles.
So from this we see that Epaphroditus came from Philippi and brought with him an offering of money to help Paul in this time of physical need. Doubtless there were others, for from Acts 21:14 there were many along the way who were praying for him.
I was able to get some information about Peter today, from another family who has adopted from his orphanage. Peter has been on Reece's Rainbow his entire life. Not one inquiry has ever been made about him.
Nevaeh loves..
In other words, the Exchange will not necessarily be limited to a minority of the population – potentially, 100% of the population not covered by Medicare or Medicaid could get access to the Exchange, and thus the public option. However, as I’ve pointed out, what this means is that the progressive community will need to mount an employer campaign to move people onto the Exchange, and then onto the Public Option. Luckily, the American labor movement knows how to do employer campaigns – that’s what Justice for Janitors was all about – and thus has the potential to push their own employers to move their health care plan onto the Exchange and the Public Option through the normal process of contract negotiation, potentially dramatically improving the “competitiveness” of unionized firms against their non-union competitors. The issue, as I’ve shown elsewhere, is that this will require a fair split between workers and management of the labor savings this involves.
It is also important that we look at our infrastructure to improve the quality of English instruction. How many public elementary and high school have audio-visual room and speech laboratories? How many of them have libraries? How many of them have teachers who are specialist in reading or literature?
Fearon c.v. – continued 7
ANGEL FACE Dir: Otto Preminger, USA, 1952, 91 mins. Cast: Robert Mitchum, Jean Simmons, Mona Freeman.
Salvo at Galeb looks like a caricature of Enoch Powell…
Here is the first shirred blouse I ever made. I really LOVED this one, even though it's not quite perfect. The straps are proportioned correctly, but a bit too short. You can see the side of the bodice folding over a little bit. I also started the first row of shirring a little too low. It ruffles out a bit too much for my taste. So, again, not perfect.
Quote - "So long as the people do not care to exercise their freedom, those who wish you tyrannize will do so; for tyrants are active and ardent, and will devote themselves in the name of any number of gods, religious and otherwise, to put shackles on sleeping men." Voltarine de Cleyre
The music that we all now know as industrial dates back to the ’70s and originates from Germany and the United Kingdom. So, when it comes to the industrial, aggrotech, and even electronic rock scene, Germans know their shit.
AAM: Yes, you can think that. Yes.
To be perfectly honest readers, there really is no good reason to cheat. It is an unjustifiable action performed by people who clearly don’t care about the people they could hurt. If you love someone, are truly happy with them, then you would never feel the need to go elsewhere. If you feel yourself drifting towards other sexual partners, you need to re-evaluate your relationship, because the chances are you shouldn’t be in it anymore. So the next time you feel the urge to cheat, assess the ramifications and decide if it’s really worth it.
A Leap Of Faith.
X- Make sure you don't Pick New Template. If you do, and then actually pick a new template the design that you have will disappear!
This bilingual post belongs to the May Aotearoa Affair blog carnival - a web initiative of Kiwi and German writers and artists. It's inspired by the theme "All things Bi" and explores the similarity of English and German words in a visual and poetic approach.
And now on to the post that I had originally planned....
their meeting, which took place between March 31 and
I'm considering giving up joy pockets for good, we don't have that many participants really. I will likely do something related, but over at my personal blog, or extend senses shared.....
I’m pretty much done. I hope this post has been informative to those of you who have made it this far. It’s certainly helped me to clarify a few points in my own mind. I’m still not sure whether Schieber’s argument is a good one — and I’m still trying to imagine how Craig might respond to it (suggestions below please). Nevertheless, I do have two concluding observations that might stimulate some conversation, even if they don’t address all significant points arising from the preceding dialectic.
Hats off to DC Thompson for pulling out all the stops on this relaunch (and in the middle of a recession too). I really hope they pick up a large new readership. My excuse it that I'm buying them for my son to read when he's old enough, but I guess we'll have to see what happens when he really is old enough! (perhaps I'd better buy 2 copies?!)
Copyright 2012 Anonymous. All rights reserved
Maybe it was because the children were related in different ways that made them so different. Arguments flourished amongst the children. Yet there were never any real fights, and they got along whenever Summer was watching. Travis found Summer’s ability to raise a house full of children who behaved in the manner children should, attractive and enticing. “A woman in change of her own life and in total control of her children is the kind of woman, I want raising my children”, Travis thought to himself, as he decided to hitch his wagon to Summer’s skirt tail.
Everything isn't what it seemed and the glittery things aren't as pretty up close..
The girls decided to take us to Aden's amusement park, Seera Fun World. It was just one example of the generosity and hospitality we experienced in Yemen.
1 advantages
It’s where locals from Barcelona come to be tourisits. He said he’s been maybe four times and we had mentioned he was going, all of his friends were extremely jealous. However I could easily figure out why this place was nestled deep in Catalan hearts with only one visit under my belt.
Bust out…
Today I went to orientation for my new job, except not really. The orientation was for all new employees of the hospital system without being specific to anyone's job. I can see the advantage of covering general information that applies to everyone like benefits and safety. I could do without the extensive examination of the over-long mission statement. Plus there's the fact that I just went through the same orientation a year ago. I didn't sleep well the night before, so I was a little irritable when I arrived. Here are some notes I made:
Standard Industries Limited has submitted to the Exchange the Standalone Financial Results for the period ended March 31,2012.
For a couple of years, there was no furry face waiting for me to put some food out, though I continued to put a little out each night, just in case. Finally, in the Summer of 2009, a half-grown black and white tuxedo cat found the food and started coming, almost every day. I can't tell whether it's a he or a she, but, for some reason, I think of it as a him. He scares me in the Winter, because he doesn't come around for long periods of time, but, then, I'll see his tracks in the snow, or catch a fleeting glimpse of him. I think he can't make it, through the deep snow, and I worry that he will starve, before he can get back to the food.
I'm so proud....
I suggested that the students stick to primary colours rather than using their earthy siennas or umbers. Also, paper white, in varying amounts, was reserved in each of the studies below.
“So that meant that half the number of fishermen were catching just as many fish. Which is hard to explain except that there must’ve been more fish out in the lake.”
Enjoy the tour!!! Each blog also is holding a contest for a free pdf file of my book. So make sure you go and enter :)
I'm hoping I'll actually add posts there regularly now! :-P
In the 1930s he joined the Victor Young orchestra and thereby got many offers to appear on radio shows, including Al Jolson’s Lifebuoy Program, Burns and Allen, and Bing Crosby’s Kraft Music Hall.
I have 2. One of my favorite characters is Gran. She just has this way of knowing things and knowing what Heven needs to hear. My sisters are that for me and sometimes you just need to hear that everything is going to be okay, even if it isn't. It's the line that helps us through the mire of crap we have to wade to in order to find the freaking fun. Or whatever. LOL!
The Great Orme brewery, based in the Conwy Valley, have been going since 2005, and I believe they sell quite well in North Wales, but this is however the first time I've seen their beer outside a festival.
The representative of ‘Save the Children’ made several recommendations to get rid of the said curse.
So I ended it! I talked over my options with my doctor, and he encouraged me to give an IUD – either in copper form, or the Mirena which is a plastic version with fewer side effects and lower possibility of pregnancy – a chance to do the job for me. I chose the Mirena because, even though it only lasts 5 years compared to the copper version’s 10, it gives me an even better chance of keeping from getting pregnant than the Pill ever did, and there’s a strong chance that after a few months, periods will completely stop all together for me. Which is my whole goal. There’s just no point to me having them at all. They’re annoyances that simply piss me off to have at this point in my life.
Even though I have written about all three bands before here is a brief run down of what the bands are like. Casa Negro played loud, bombastic post punk that is a lot like Shellac, Karp and GodheadSilo. Knox Overstreet were an awesome indie/emo band that meshed together the influences of Garden Variety,Superchunk, Afghan Whigs, the Replacements, Big Star, etc to create truly great rock music. The Lord Humongous played screamy hardcore that was a blend of all the best elements of Scapegrace, The Last Crime, Rorschach, "My War" era Black Flag, and Slint.
But, we’d rather find the remote and turn on the TV. Why? Because it’s painless and it probably involves less change. Instead of making changes, we can just stare and watch, and find entertainment in the idea of change, without actually having the discomforts of making change. Sometimes the remote feels safer. The book is less invasive. A stranger is easier to agree with my rationale. But does it really help when things get sticky?
~ Bella
When I’m afraid or worried I am unconsciously looking for what is wrong. If I don’t catch this, I’ll start attracting those energies and will end up having a rough ride instead of a relaxing journey. Fear, concern, or worry are all contracting, small energies. They are self-centered to the extreme, and are good indicators that I have forgotten that there is a huge, benevolent, Loving force running in, through and around me (and everyone else) and the only thing that I need to do to feel a part of it is to drop the negative thoughts and look for the love, connection and happy coincidences; to allow myself to be swept along by the arms of Love and to enjoy the trip!
*If roles were reversed and a leftist was making this argument, you’d probably be called a “homophobe” at this point. How dare you make homosexuals pay for something they don’t need!
cubanos (Cuban Five) by Cuban Children Theater Company La Colmenita, in
Throughout the week, what little free time I had was spent focused on the Spurs. They closed the season on a 10-game winning streak, or 38-7 in their last 45, depending on how you want to look at things. In fact, if you subtract the two losses suffered on the road to Portland and Utah when Coach Gregg Popovich sat Tim Duncan, Tony Parker, and Manu Ginobili, the Spurs could have finished the season on a 40-5 tear. The first playoff game, Sunday’s cruise-control victory over Utah, provided these delightful moments: Ginobili 1 and Ginobili 2.
Kenyan muslim and other says is he a British
This paragraph replaces a previous, somewhat more upbeat, conclusion to this post.
However, here is a video courtesy of Youtube and Econsultancy that discusses common website mistakes:
When the recital was over, I went back to Sneed, grabbed some food, and then joined Andrew in the room. The Jason Segel movie Forgetting Sarah Marshall was on, which I hadn’t seen before, so we watched for a while before I hopped in the shower and then got ready for our choir concert on Saturday night. This concert wasn’t just us Matador Singers, though. It was all of the choirs combined together, so there were lots of us up there singing together. We sang along with the orchestra/band combo, which was really cool. We sang Mozart’s Requiem, which was really super awesome. The extra rehearsals leading up to the concert were awful, but I really enjoyed the performance itself.
A short time after entering the museum, I stopped under a re-creation of a lynching tree with several other visitors of various racial and age groups to watch a short video that showed numerous examples of violence against African Americans while three mannequins (a man, a woman, and a child) stood in the display case next to me outfitted in Ku Klux Klan outfits. I had seen these types of films before, but not in this context. I was honestly moved almost to tears by the sadness and disgust that I felt as I watched the video and am convinced that the only reason I didn’t shed any tears was because I was equally angry that people can be so vile and hateful because of a person’s skin color. As the video ended, I looked around at the rest of the crowd and recognized varied looks of sadness, anger, and stunned disbelief. After taking a moment to compose myself, I turned my attention to the aforementioned KKK display and was moved to sadness and anger all over again. The display talked about the role of women, men, and children in white supremacist organizations like the KKK, and I found it quite fitting that this trio that looked like a family stands together looking out at the lynching tree seeing as I learned about how lynchings were family social gatherings. Are you kidding me? How messed up is that? I guess I shouldn’t have been surprised since children have to learn to hate from somebody. Why wouldn’t it be a family tradition to practice and celebrate racist violence?
JeffJew: But the department prevented me from commenting on the skin on the forums. Now they think I’m…
As thou art to this hour was Richard then
Disc 2B (October 2nd 1995) Yoyogi Olympic Pool, Tokyo, Japan
The smooth-type spaces mentioned in the second paragraph and the patron’s psycho-geographical maps, revisited from the perspective of control society, now appear programmed so as to prohibit a truly free motion, like the striated gives way to a smooth that itself reproduces striation, or some combination of the two. On the cruise ship there is a passage between smooth and striated space that seems linked to control; as Deleuze writes (if we imagine consumerism as a sort of religion): “Thus the great imperial religions need a smooth space like the desert, but only in order to give it a law that is opposed to the nomos in every way, and converts the absolute” (A Thousand Plateaus, 495). If, in the case of cruise ships, the smooth space is planned by the forces that striate, forces who, according to Adorno, basically employ the cruise to reproduce conditions of capitalism, what does that say about the still potentially productive experiences of the travelers?
To the police’s favourite dives.
Wedding anniversary’s are a different story!!! It is really a big deal to us! We have come a LONG LONG way and we have grown so much with each other. We have made huge changes and sacrifices for this life and our family!!
Walking down the road
I feel the difference the next day.
One of my favorite things about working at the J is our once a month staff Shabbat in the Q Street Lobby. We gather together at the end of the afternoon to say prayers, sing some songs and eat challah spread high with Nutella.
Done
Tour time!
So there you have it, top 3 not to difficult to implement ways of getting noticed.
A slim red head was staring at me
Today I bring you one of my favorites..I love making baby cards. I've also decided this will be my sort of tradition. It started with Baby Jack and his card here. I've since decided to make a card with the baby's name on it for the parents, or the baby book, or whatever.
I also want to do a bit of self-promotion, if you’ll forgive me. I’m blogging more regularly at mollyspringwrites.wordpress.com about my original writing process and my experiences as a YA librarian, if you want to check that out.
This is my go to under eye concealer! I use it everyday. The highlighting side is good but it can be a little bit glittery. I don't have awful under eye concealers so I don't have to have a lot of coverage therefore this is perfect! Its more on the sheer side but not as sheer as the tone correcting concealer from elf. I love this though! Its extremely brightening!
i was so happy to receive the most amazing box of all the newest lines being released now.
Article 4. Where an applicant files an application for design, the application shall submit a brief description of such design otherwise, the applcation will not be accepted; in making the brief description of a design, the Precautions for Brief Description of Designs released on October, 2009 may be taken as reference.
First, I just want to say that this news package did a really good job giving us the facts about the incident, while telling us the story of how it happened. I also like how towards the conclusion of the package the reporter shows the viewer what lighting an aerosol can’s spray stream looks like. I think it paints a more vivid picture of how badly the incident could have turned out.
I would like to enter it at:
Thou wouldst be found deep drown'd in Doon!
“I have decided to catch a Heffalump.”"
I'm pretty sure that I've always said I don't want to be like my mom. I remember being in college and pushing the microwave buttons with my knuckle like my mom does (she has nails, I do not). I stopped mid-push. What was I doing? From then on I knew it was all over. My mother? When did I become like my mother? I was going to be my own person and I did not want to turn into my mother.
Hello, and happy Friday!
Trials are the "gym" for my faith. As my faith grows stronger I can withstand, endure, and persevere. There is something greater -- beyond any joy or pleasure or comfort in this world -- eternity with Christ.
The Congressional hearing into America’s gold reserves has been very revealing this week; but perhaps the most revealing statistic is the audited value of what’s in there.
Before you know it, not only are there MORE weeds than the farmer started off with, but ALL of them are resistant to his preferred herbicide. Also to be taken into consideration, most weeds are angiosperms meaning they flower and their seeds are mobile. Be they blown on the wind or carried by an animal, the seeds move. Nearby "foreign" populations of pigweed get transported into the farmer's field. Of the transplants some of them too will become resistant to the herbicide, exacerbating the problem. So too, do the resistant pigweeds transplant into the "foreign" populations taking their genetic advantage with them.
"Brown Sugar" by The Rolling Stones
J: A case of wine. Lord knows they'll need it to survive the first year ;)
I have another 60 of the new plastic ones to do up now, but I am not sure how the coloring will be, but I suspect that the claws will be the same coloring also. Same with the armor, however the skin will probably come out a bit lighter. They are on the table at the moment, and just waiting to get some paint.
WALLOP! I right-hooked the doors of my agency open.
He carefully lifts your pants cuff and peeks at the area you indicate. He barks orders, “I need scissors, bandages, and meds.”
Prayer is the simplest form of speech
In his dreams he has a plan
What makes this the most feminist film of the year is not just its portrayal of how Corinne’s faith infuses everything about her life and enriches her friendships, but how hard it is when she begins to lose that faith and her previous closeness to God. Instead, she begins to notice all the inequities in her life — the minister’s wife who wants to correct her behavior or dress; her husband’s insistence on wifely submission; her lack of other things that might fill the gap left by God and give her life meaning; the emptiness of her community’s anodyne promises of glory in exchange for obedience. At last: a film about Christianity that can be feminist, too.
04 Sycamore 06:55
Something freaking about myself would be that I like a AMAZING GIRL WHO IS PERFECTLY IN EVERYWAY AND LOVES FROGS
I took a small break while writing this post to write a short story; it’s definitely boosted my mood a bit. Lord knows how much I love writing…
Please prayerfully consider joining us as we turn to God for revival, in our own hearts and in our beloved country. If you decide to join us, please alert your readers so that they can come along side us in prayer also.
“Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts. Broad, wholesome, charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little corner of the earth all one's lifetime.” -Mark Twain
I love this image, Big girl pants available here, as it so reminds me of my girls dressing up in my own clothes at the end of the day when i get into the shower, they try on my clothes and i just love watching them prounce around, lol.
We designed stationery for two tablescapes - Rustic Charm and Island Chic. Each table had its own endearing qualities.
I can't thank you enough for joining me for BLD 22.
Last week I talked about the truth, and how the truth is one of the building blocks of our lives. This is the predominant theme that runs through Jude. As Jude looks to close the letter, he adds what is called an ‘Exhortation to Believers’; basically Jude is trying to help prepare the believers for their necessary struggles as a consequence for living in the truth.[1]
Step 1: Prepare everything first! Chop all your veggies, season your meat, cook your noodles, and set everything out that you will need. I used steak seasoning, salt, pepper, and cayenne pepper to season my meat.
I think the lesson is that just because a politician says one thing, it doesn’t mean that they’re going to do it. How can we trust our government then? I think there is something seriously flawed in our political, no societal, system today when liberties are taken away, politicians aren’t called out on their lying, and the media controls how we think so that we don’t even pay attention or care. Wake up, America.
On one of our first camping trips, I learned a very powerful lesson about children. The concept of “Because,” is very important to them.
Ahem, moving on. So, do you see that sweet-looking boy in the picture? The one who is being kissed by a kitten. The one who’s shirt has a picture of a moose, and states “Moose Valuable Player”, and is possibly the nicest boy on the planet? Well, that boy has a super power. Now, for all of you superhero aficionados out there who are worried that I shouldn’t be discussing someone’s super powers, relax. I doubt very much that he has the ability to use this particular power for the purposes of saving innocent people from the clutches of doom. If, someday down the road, my discussing his powers in this venue prohibits deeds of a good and noble nature, I apologize.
The first step is to order yourself a good serving of Vodka (this in itself is hard, the vodka menu is the size of a tome and makes your eyes glaze before the first drop even hits your lips). The honey-infused variety is a favourite, as well as ‘The Chosen One’ and ‘goldwasser’. Slip it down quickly and get yourself a cocktail – a simple Moscow Mule will tide you through to the main courses without worry.
Work is great, same as usual. Payday this Friday yay!
I run to catch up with the guys. No way I’m staying around to find out what he thinks. No way he’s coming after me. Besides, somebody needs to call an ambulance.
different labels to describe the same type of experience, an experience that we all seem to crave. These timeless moments align us with the truisms of who we are. They unify us with the world on which we spin. And they provide our souls with deep evidence that outside of the obvious mortal limitations we have on this planet, the perception of time is completely subjective, and just as it
The ransoms the large shipping companies are willing to pay to secure the release of their vessels and crews totals tens of millions of dollars, money that most certainly is used to further perpetuate piracy, secure weapons and ammunition, fast boats, GPS, satellite radios and so on. This in itself merely encourages the pirates. Besides, how much of this money is passed on to radical terrorist groups?
They work. Needless to say. Going to enhance just a big but I don't think too much.
The coroner calls it an accidental drowning, but Roger has a funny feeling about it. Something’s not right here. So he looks deeper, going so far as to inspect the body himself, and what he finds is shocking. On the back of her neck is a piece of carefully placed synthetic skin, meant to blend in with her real skin. He rips it off to find a small pin prick.
through the bleached bones of a white buffalo.
Checkmate! Have YOU met your match? You have until FRIDAY, October 29th to enter your creation and throw your hat (or should I say, crown?) in the ring for this awesome PAPER MANIAC prize this week! We'll announce the winner here in Wonderland during our next challenge!
The edger punch I used is from Martha Stewart, 'Doily Lace'. The swirl is a Creatable from Marianne Design, LR0116.
Randomness is something that I am increasingly allowing in my work. This is not always easy, because I tend to want to control the way my paint gets on the paper or canvas. I want to control the outcome, but somewhere on the way I miss – or discard – a lot of great accidents that my materials might produce. As a way of forcing myself to allow randomness more frequently in my work, I started with a new daily project: making things out of random prompts. There is quite a challenge in this for me: about half of the prompts I wrote are related to themes or materials that I almost always avoid… because I’m not good in them, because I don’t like them, because I find them too difficult – or just because I never thought of using them before.
So.. today is all about the funnest part of writing, the work you do before you write.
A photo was taken of Ansar Dine fighters as Stockly was handed over to Burkinabe forces:
The takeaway: Denial almost always makes consumers believe others’ disability risk is higher than their own. However, consumers who knew someone who had experienced a disability rated their own risk as higher.
Oh love in love
Let us assume that it can be fairly said that priests and religious rely on the faithful. Can we say that, in terms of the social life of a community, that they "give nothing in return"? In terms of the priests, can one truly say that baptising our children, offering the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, presiding at weddings, and otherwise tending to the spiritual welfare of the people, nothing? Certainly no Catholic would claim such a thing -- I shall assume then that Mr. "Vetus Ordo" meant that priests and religious are economic parasites only, and hence the claim that if 1/4 of the population were to devote their lives to Christ in this way, it would result in an "economic nightmare" because they give back nothing financially while relying on or even exploiting the faithful for any monetary income.
12. They Call Him "W" So He Can Spell It
And finally, when it ultimately gets into operational service, the LCA may not be as advanced as other fighters out there, but so what of it? The tremendous experience and knowledge our scientists have gained from developing the LCA will serve as a stepping stone to something even more advanced the next time around. If our defence labs never undertook the project, they wouldn't be able to build it even now, let alone move on the something better.
I’d been shooting the whole morning and just when I thought I’d love a cup of tea and some hot cross buns, my husband surprised me with these. He’d made the dough secretly while I was sleeping in the morning and then baked them while I was shooting!
3 T cornstarch
My 7 AM AA meeting yesterday was on the topic, 'Judging Others', and it got me to thinking how frequently I do just that. I can look across a crowded room, spot someone's eyes looking at another Peep. Immediately I know what they each are thinking, and I make a mental judgment decision-call of their behavior, past, present and future.
Since Anna broke his heart, Rick has moved on – or so he thinks. Out in Australia, he’s worked hard to build a successful career – and a solid wall around his feelings.
I stroked my door one more time
Living out fantasies with you,
As I deal with the emotions connected with this case I am thankful, once again, that I am in a position to protect, nurture and listen to young children. It does not take away the suffering of those directly involved in the Etan Patz case but his story has helped shape my own. I hope his family gets some closure soon.
"Which nuts do you like?", I asked.
This is such an easy way to include a gift card. I simply used a piece of card stock and scored it to fit the gift card dimensions. I then popped up the "Congratulations" sentiment stamp with Stampin' Dimensionals and have it placed so that the flap of the "envelope" is held in place. Fun, huh?
We count the hours and figure that the bus is going to arrive in Chipata at around 3am. We asked before we bought the tickets what that would mean for us. We were assured that the bus would stop and wait at the station until light, because there were lots of other passengers in the same situation. So, we are cramped on this awful bus (hungry and thirst, but too scared to put anything into our bodies). All I could do was hope that we wouldn't crash, and that if we did, it wouldn't be a painful death (I'm not being that dramatic). The bus stopped tons of times and people got off. By the time we got to our stop, it was just the 2 of us getting off and only a few other passengers left. We asked what time the bus was leaving "Now-Now" we were told. WTF, it's supposed to stay here till light! Nope, it was leaving now for the Malawian border. Shit Shit Shit. Lies! All LIES! It's 3am and we are in a dark bus station. NOT GOOD. So, Brittni got in the face of the driver and made him go talk to another bus driver. One that was actually staying until it got light. We looked in and there were about 10 women chilling, waiting for day. So, we got on that bus and slept until about 6am.
(Take that as promise or as threat),
Whether or not your site is optimized for mobile browsers, you can be sure that users will be accessing it from their phones and tablets. WebDriver makes it easy to write automated tests that ensure your site works correctly when viewed from the Android browser. We’ll walk you through some basics about WebDriver and look at it in action.
He (I presume it is a he) goes on to provide the basis of his motivation for debunking Adriana’s murder list, by stating that:, “this list swallows in more and more unwitting minds and poisons them into race based hatred. I take comfort in knowing if the names of my dead loved ones were being used for such a ugly and divisive purpose I would not appreciate it.”
“Don’t fuck this up Simon. Your story’s right here. Take it.” I said.
Scoop batter into greased or paper cup lined muffin cups. Bake for about 20 minutes or until puffed and springy to the touch. Cool then remove from cups.
In the same week, a friend who has donated grass clippings for 10 years shared a letter received from the RDN, threatening legal action if he continues to bring grass clippings to Compassion Farm.
Lacking in self-confidence, I was afraid of seeing the light.
Just check out these cards by DT Pops!
What comes out of my mouth is... "Hi. WHO are you?"
Many of us are sick and tired of the vicious cycle of Philippine politics. We elect new officials because we want change. We want election because we want change; and the people we have just elected are not satisfactory. This will be repeated and seems never ends.
The short answer is that I’m not ok.
Am I still afraid of falling from heights? Ya. I suppose. But whenever I feel afraid of something, I think about the 90 seconds or so I spent strapped in a rollercoaster car 866 feet above the Las Vegas Strip.
Meatball Sandwich on whole grain bun
How will I fix it?
There are classics, pulled out and played again and again when I’m alone. There are low budget sequels...
I've never had a green thumb. Yellow maybe, but definitely not green. So when it came to replanting and landscaping our front "yard," I wasn't so sure how it was going to go. The trick was... slow and steady.
Update: and just as I start making jokes about STDs, I lay eyes on this. I dunno that this untreatable gonorrhea business is particularly new, though. We've had untreatable STDs - from the ugly-embarrassing (herpes) to the lethal (AIDS) for decades. But we really, really need new antibiotics, and the morons in charge are too busy harassing the drug companies to be bothered with things like public hygiene.
Leading from my research into anarcho-primitivism the previous day, I did some research on various groups and organizations that seek to save the planet. The most extreme, and also most fascinating, of these is the Earth Liberation Front, or ELF. Deemed by the US government as one of the top American based homeland security threats. Despite that, they have yet to cause a single death, or even injury. They have, however, destroyed hundreds of millions of dollars worth of property, in the name of saving the environment (some targets have been: Mansions that put wetlands in danger, a ski resort that planed to cut down hundreds more trees, and similar things). Although I'm in no way in favour of blowing stuff up, I can understand with the world we live in how easy it is to get discouraged, and to feel that bringing it all down, piece by piece, is the only way left to go.
A man in tight jeans and beads played a guitar and sang off key.
Monday 1st - Forest Meeting.
And he moved the ninth string from his harp crying out and saying: Glorious things are spoken of you O city of God (Ps. 87:3).
“The audience was struck by the many similarities in their perspectives,” Venkata says. “Both Dr. West and Radhanath Swami spoke about the idea that love has a private face and a public face. The private face can be expressed as devotion, full of intimacy and tenderness. And the public face, Maharaja said, is manifested as compassion, while Dr. West commented that it can manifest as justice. So a theme that emerged strongly in the discussion was that as people who are aspiring to be servants of God, we have a responsibility to express that love and live out that faith in the world around us.”
Debbie - Diamond White Size 6
If you think all this sounds Hellish, you’re dead right. If you think this doesn’t sound fun… you might be right. Certainly there’s a lot here that’s interesting, but you might be doubtful as to whether it makes a good game.
*that's Colby, by the way. he has a penchant for sitting where he shouldn't and looking at the camera when you're not taking a picture of him specifically...*
as a missionary. He got really used to the way things were here in
There is a God......
marigold suede bag (gifted)
Chrissie and Dana checked out early to get some medicine so I decided to walk around the centre of Manchester to get some breakfast and do a little shopping / sightseeing. I found a trendy little cafe bar near Piccadilly that did a full breakfast and coffee (with free refills – and it was starbucks coffee!) for £4.00. What a bargain.
She thinks we can take the measurements
One of the explanations for the low wing ride height on the RB6 are suggested to be the splitter is allowing lower ride height by deflecting. Certainly trackside images suggest the Red Bull and the Ferrari are running significantly more rake in the set up at speed (i.e. nose down). Other teams suggest that this level of rake and low front wing ride height cannot be achieved with normal rear ride heights. But do not suggest how the car may be able to run that low. But the inference is that the splitter is in someway deflecting to allow this. I’ve not seen the detail of Red Bulls splitter mounting, but I doubt they are able to deflect the splitter without any obvious compliance in its mounting or undue wear to the skid blocks.
We had a good chat with him at the interval and joked about the Tyne, Wear and Tees. He being a Teessider and me a Wearsider (also know as a Makkem). 'Typical Makkem', he smiled as he signed a songbook for me that I hadn't paid for yet and turned out to be the only one not for sale because it had a glass-bottom watermark on the cover. He cleared it with his wife and authenticated it by placing his own glass over the mark. He recognised me as a Makkem as we each have our own distinct identity and dialect even though the rest of the country think we all sound the same.
folds taste smooth, and Rosehip-
Photographs and stories will appear in the near future, but at present I'm looking forward to the return of the Dillster, who has been for a fortnight's sojourn with the lemurs in Madagascar. I've asked her to look out for, and photograph, my all time favourite insect- the giraffe necked weevil (!) and now I'm on tenterhooks to see whether she's pulled it off. I'm guessing not, but the long suffering one seldom fails to surprise me.
The hall laughed at me and the lecturer shook his head sadly before continuing. ‘An equiatic bind is a unit of measurement for weighing time. Time weighs different things in different situations. If you have an hour at work with nothing to do then the time passes more slowly and is therefore heavier and is worth more equiatic binds. If you have an hour at work and tons of tasks the do the time will pass quicker and be therefore lighter and worth less binds.’
Every advance offers assorted shortcuts, and you’ll get affluence of affairs to boost, grind, or burst down from aerial heights during anniversary lap. Passing over accession arrows or assuming tricks as you barrage off of jump ramps will admission your speed, admitting alive into rocks, trees, and added obstacles will apathetic you down. You and your opponents can aswell achieve use of six altered gnarly weapons to arrest anniversary other. They’re the accepted arrangement of turbos, shields, rockets, homing missiles, amphibian mines, and blinding muck every bold like this has, except that they all attending like angle breed that penguins adeptness appointment out on the attainable sea. Weapon boxes are abounding on every course, which the CPU uses liberally, so anniversary hunt offers an alive mix of high-flying advance changes and gut-wrenching wipeouts. The CPU aswell seems to be able to put up a acceptable claiming afterwards resorting to rubber-band tactics. On the whole, the architecture is solid even admitting there’s annihilation actuality that hasn’t already been done in agnate games.
To be shallow is not a sign of being wicked, nor is shallowness a sign that there are no deeps: the ocean has a shore. The shallow amenities of life, eating and drinking, walking and talking, are all ordained by God. These are the things in which Our Lord lived. He lived in them as the Son of God, and He said that “the disciple is not above his Master.”
Out where the river broke
my mind may be torn in disarray
Make no mistake, Anders Breivik would kill us all if he believed it would “defeat” Islam. He would lay down the lives of our wives and children and smile smugly whilst declaring himself a saint. He has become what he most fears. A psychotic religious nut job determined to defend the “great truth”against the “great satan” regardless of the cost. Somewhere, deep in a cave in the Tora Bora mountains of Afghanistan, a mad mullah is smiling at his creation- a worthy adversary to the swivel eyed Jihadists who relish the spilling of blood and carnage of body parts in the name of their religion.
If you don't know the connotations of 'vespers', Vespertine sounds like a precious stone or some medieval craft of glasswork. "I was thinking hibernation and frozen things," says Björk. "The album is frozen, like crystals. It's a winter album." Her best yet, it reminds me of the jackfrost wonderland of Cocteau Twins circa 'In The Gold Dust Rush', of the bejewelled coldness of Siouxsie & The Banshees circa A Kiss In The Dreamhouse. The glittering sound fits the album's idea of inner riches, the treasure people keep hidden inside.
Propaganda P machinery D
Idoma ethnic group! The
He will bring hope where there has only been despair.
Combine apples, carrots and walnuts. Blend sour cream, lemon juice, powdered sugar, salt and
I found this very cute patriotic print at Joann's Fabrics last week. Make sure to get on Joann Fabric's mailing list. The coupons you receive are well worth it.
"WHAT?! People actually read what's on my page?"
It's raining cats and dogs and I wouldn't be surprised if it started raining turds soon, meaning, everyone is stuck indoors just like I have to be. Usually I don't care about these sorts of things and don't think twice how the weather will affect other peoples day but since I have to stay home virtually all day and being bored out of my skull I started thinking about just that.
I feel blessed with every story, photo, and connection, and I am more prone, lately, to being jarred into waxing about long lost memories. Jarred, I tell you! Frugalmom's photo sent me racing to the keyboard with all of this!
Brouwerij Bosteels Pauwel Kwak
The days were stretching into an unnavigable maze of ennui. He spent most of his time walking the pedestrian rich streets of Shedsug Capital under the shadow of Crepuscular Hi and ticking off the times he saw the girl/woman standing on walkways, lingering on the green spaces below trees or crouching over flower beds. Frank stayed away from the business district and stuck to the less traveled avenues, eschewing the raw hustle of the city's workforce that was stampeding itself through the day. He rarely went back to the rented room, but occasionally he needed to synthesize more of the brew he subscribed to and sleep. A few hours rest was all he ever needed. As the days grew longer in tedium, he tended to tune out, turn off, and just evaporate into his general surroundings.
My life was all about my people. I had people. I don’t know what the hell that means, or who we were, but I was surrounded by brothers, cousins, extended family all around. Our hair was dark, our skin was white, the men wore undershirts and dark pants all the same shade of beige, gray, black. I walked through the dim city streets, grit crackling under my boots, sooty fire escapes overhead, fear in my heart. Still, I wanted to fight, like an alley cat that bristles before it is cornered and devoured by a pack of wild dogs. I wanted to fight because it was my in my blood, and because pride helped obscure the reality of my inevitable doom.
Blending stumps that you can get at any art supply store.
So we have eight lovely, underrated beauties from Zoya! Zoya has kindly offered one lucky winner their choice of any three of these polishes!! You have Bailey, Brizia, Coco, Flowie, Gaia, Pasha, Raine & Sasha to choose from. This prize can only be shipped within the continental US shipping, no P.O. boxes.
Oh and before I forget, the main theme for Matilda, "When I'm With You, I'm Feelin' Good", is sung by Pat Boone and his daughter Debby Boone, two of the Seventies' most wholesome, squeaky clean and neatly-pressed white people ever. THAT oughta keep the curious away.
Thankfully, the "Sunshine" Law is in full effect in Florida, so we will be able to see this trial play itself out in HD.
ALEX BRUMMER: Facebook lavishing $1bn on picture-sharing application Instagram is astonishing deal 10/04/12
I wrote a month ago all about the "Final Leg" of our 3 1/2 year adventure. I explained very rationally why it was time to go home We were headed to La Paz like it was the barn at the end of a long day. We have lots of reasons to go home - a growing teen and lessening money being two of the chief ones, but there are a few others. I jokingly mentioned the possibility of pulling a Crazy Ivan and asked for any bettors. I did. You should have taken the bet.
Diesel Fish
And on Good Friday Jesus wasn’t dragged to the cross, or forced into the wolf’s den. Jesus boldly walked up to the wolf. Jesus followed the wolf home without fear or hesitation. He approached the wolf without weapons, without defenses, and without armies. Jesus sought out the wolf on his home territory, stood right in his face, and essentially said……give me your best shot. Do your worst. I dare you. I can take it.
ABSTRACT Building upon the existing work of Michael Bull and others on the everyday prac- tices of mobile music, this article draws upon contemporary work on active and information dense urban spaces to begin to shape opportunities for a research agenda for mobile music that incorporates the technological and informational infrastructures within which it occurs.
broken. It was
3/4 cup non-dairy milk mixed with 3/4 Tbsp. apple cider vinegar or lemon juice
* I came home to a noisy house but there was pizza. And soon the two noisiest (Jesse and his friend), cleared out for Boy Scouts, and now my house is so quiet.
Unlimited: (5GBP – approx 7.50AUD) Unlimited gets rid of the adverts and adds a radio option as well as giving you the option to use it abroad.
LOPEZ: Yes, Wolf, our question now comes from Jennifer Coryn (ph) she is a — the Executive Director of the Hispanic Leadership Network, our cosponsor and she is the spouse of a Marine Corps Gunnery Sargent and I believe, Jennifer, your question has to do with the future?
Still interested? Good, because so was I (sometimes I have the sensibilities of a twelve year old boy), and I ended up reading the book in three sittings.
5 TBSP flour
It was clear that we were going to miss, by a mile, our connecting flight because of passport control, baggage pick up, and customs. I walked/ran NYC style to the USAirways counter to get there first (a very good move, BTW, maybe) to get on the first flight to Los Angeles. The ticket agents announce that they’ve made provisions for all of us, except, of course, they hadn’t.
Today was my third transition day, third day with a “real food” meal. Tonight I had halibut and asparagus. And realized how simple my life was on product! With the Optifast products, they are mostly ready to eat. Since I used the ready-to-drink shake, I just needed ice (others drank them right from the box). Bars, simple. Soup, just needed hot water. Easy to consume every three hours.
It is the first Friday night of the Fringe and the streets are sweltering in a high fever. There is an ugly confrontation outside C on Chambers Street, with a bouncer and an indignant thug staring each other down and lots of people edging forward to watch. One wants to retreat to the cool of the theatre, where everybody is middle-aged and sensible, but I have chosen to see Eva O’Connor‘s play “My Best Friend Drowned in a Swimming Pool,” and the audience are very young – about my age, in fact – and this play evokes their fashionably cynical world of hard drugs and empty sex. The evening is so hot that drowning in a swimming pool would almost be pleasant, but this play is more keen on the horrendous drowning than that inviting pool.
Attendance is limited to 15.
...we can continue on with more cerebral subjects. Speaking of cerebral, on one of our breaks during the class, I sat there, not saying a word (shocking, I know), waiting for the other students to say how much they hated the class. They were mostly British, so hatred was not forthcoming. (I imagine the same thing might happen in Canada.) But one of the students, comparing the first famous writer who spoke to us (Sarah Hall) to the second (Adam Foulds) said, "Adam is a little more cerebral than Sarah." This is an excellent example of a literary rhetorical effect called, understatement.
The screening will include a Q & A with Gold, and Donald Shea, the police officer who arrested Sutton in Brooklyn in 1952 (and who was recently featured in the New York Post for this accomplishment) may also be in attendance.
11/8 - Ft. Lauderdale - Revolution
I didn't like that channel.
kiss you kiss you
It took us this long to understand this, yet the Apostle Paul wrote nearly 2000 years ago, the exact same thing. Wives respect your husband. Husbands love your wife as you love yourself. The two of you are really one, and should be dedicated to securing happiness for each other. It’s an arrangement made in Heaven. Enjoy.
In walked my past
Okay, most days...if I'm honest with myself, and with you... I will have to admit. There are many days when I question my ability. My course. My resolve to being the best wife and mother I can possibly be.
That picture has changed significantly. Now Heller's approval rating (not the exact same thing as the favorability we were measuring earlier in the year but pretty similar) is just 38% with 35% of voters disapproving of him. Independents still like him but only narrowly, breaking down 41/32 in their support for him. His appeal to Democrats has pretty much evaporated- their opinions of him now break down 12/59.
Kuroyukihime, then, gives him an installer to a program called “Brain Burst.” (Terrible name, in my opinion.) People can only attain this power by installing the program successfully, and as such, only a few people have that power to do so. They call themselves, the “Burst Linkers.” (Good name. :p) In the Accelerated World, it is created by the multiple social cameras as a 3D imagery reconstructed from footages. The thought process is accelerated by a thousand times faster. Thus, a second in the real world is equal to 1000 seconds in the accelerated world (16 minutes and 40 seconds). With this power, they make it possible by getting the bully off the school, getting not only Haruyuki from the punch, but also Kuroyukihime, a person looked up by everyone in the school.
I discovered the easiest way to find these emails was to do two searches using "notification" and "notifications" in the "Search Email" tab on GMail. Hundreds and yes, thousands of emails appeared when I did that! You can quickly scan to be sure there isn't something you want to keep (as other notifications may appear there that you want to keep), but it was very fast and easy to clear when I realized it half-way through my Clearing Day.
It has been awhile since my last post, I even missed last Friday's Fab Five. Please accept my dear apologies, this time of year is hectic for us all! I have been getting my kiddos geared up for state testing so I haven't had much time for blogging. We have been going over testing strategies, practicing, and learning the last of our math concepts for the year. I'm feeling pretty confident and crossing my fingers they do well :) I'm also two weeks away from my big brother getting married! On top of testing and all the end of year responsibilities teachers have.... I'm fulfilling my bridesmaid duties. We will also be taking her out for a fun bachelorette party this weekend!! Anyways..don't want to bore you so here is my Fab Five, a combination from this week and last :)
Right on time, at 6:20, Jim Devor, the Chair of CEC 15, began the meeting. He introduced the members of the panel, about 14 people from the SLT teams, CCSE, CCHS, SUNY and the DOE, as well as the Brooklyn High School Superintendent. The SUNY representative made a statement. The DOE Deputy
Not receiving an immediate response, I punch the transmit button again, and yell “This is Ruth, ah fuck, contact left!” The two Ghillie-suited blobs disappear and reappear from my sight momentarily as they bob and weave around the cars.
Alright. Just to be clear, I’ll now root for the Texas Rangers but I still don’t believe in the designated hitter rule.
Since having children, it has been harder to go on mission trips the way I did in the past. My parents, now that they have finished raising children, annually go on medical missions to Cambodia, or China or other impoverished nations, but with three children in tow I cannot. However, there are those who can, and there are those people who go in my place, and this summer, one of my close friends CY, will go to Haiti to provide some relief there. She is the reason that I actually write this post, for she is hungry to help the people of Haiti. She wondered if perhaps I might be able to do something through my blog to help those hungry in Haiti and once she asked me, I knew I had to take action.
Of the Sun Glitters remix, frontman Tobias Wilner says “Our song “Lost” has been melted down and re-sculpted by Luxembourg-based beat-maker Sun Glitters. In some ways, his hot & heavy, soft-focus club sleepwalker remix keeps the original structure and beauty of our song, but it’s still lushy and dreamy with Sara Savery's (People Press Play) vocal in front. Sometimes when you get a remix back, you think ‘they totally destroyed my song,’ and sometimes it's just perfect. When I got this remix back from Sun Glitters I felt that something unexpected and beautiful happened to our music."
"There would be no recognition of the complementarity of male and female or that marriage is intended for the procreation and education of children," they wrote.
04. Lucky For You
My fellow lodger over here in the sunny borough of CroyDon is such a lazy git. She’s a teacher, so I suppose I can’t expect anything else.
“We are all born for love, it is the principle of existence and its only end.” (Benjamin Disraeli)
But happen it did. Ergo, Europe is no longer democratic. One cannot have partial freedom of expression. It is all or nothing, pace Voltaire. It is the primary function of a democracy and without it no society can be called democratic.
On the ride home, I came to the conclusion that I didn’t have anything against this girl, and I decided that we should call a truce, after all why couldn’t we like each other? She readily agreed, and that was the beginning of the longest friendship I have had in my life.
We found that there were plenty of photo opportunities here, even if some folk did try and hog(warts) the models for far too long, but we never felt rushed.
The 12 remaining children were then given injections of 25 mcg. of LSD and then days later were each given 100 mcg. of LSD once a week. Bender’s report states: “Then it was increased gradually to twice and three times a week as no untoward side-effects were noticed…. Finally, it was given daily and this continued for six weeks until the time of this report.”
Angostura Bitters
What is so great about KATW is that they are family-oriented. They encourage children to come on the trips so they can see that they have an abundance of “things” at home when others don’t even have food to eat. The most touching story I heard was while we were in Guatemala. In Guatemala we worked very closely with an organization called Potter’s House. Potter’s House works closely with the children of Guatemala City that reside close to the dump and are children of “scavengers” or people who attain their livelihood from scavenging anything they can out of the dump. I have never seen poverty like that. The story was about a woman who was saying how it was a “good” day when she could scavenge fruit or vegetables for her children to eat. I lost it. I can’t believe that was the woman’s reality. The scavengers have it down to a science, they even know when all the fast food restaurants send over their trash. A lot of injuries occur in the dump due to the mass amount of people that scavenge, people get debilitating injuries that sometimes leave them forced to send their eldest children out to the dump or with an injury that they can’t ever afford to fix.
A guy got off of the plane and when we were outside he told me that he had cried on the plane. He, too, had an entire row on the plane to himself. He thought it was going to be the end. It was the first time ever that I thought to myself that I wished someone was sitting next to me on the plane so that I would have had someone’s hand to hold. I wished him luck in life…just in case we never cross paths ever again.
4. Check your supplies: make sure you have plenty of food.
I was searching for a sighting of the man that I would be
A bigger smile spread across her lips, but she kept her eyes closed. They had played this game for many years. He tried to get her to laugh and she tried to stay asleep.
YES sister, I do qualify.
Total change of subject but I am out of conditioner (which sparked this post). Am I the only one who runs out of conditioner before shampoo? I seem to end up with lots of bottles of shampoo but never enough conditioner. Do you buy just new conditioner or both?
What does Creme Brie L’Extra taste like? This cheese is smooth, creamy and very mild. It leans more towards processed cheese than Brie paste. Brie is mild to begin with, but this is the mildest Brie I have yet to try. The good news is – no rind in there. Although brie rind is edible I see a lot of people avoiding it.
My first year at CalArts, I made a short animated film where I gave every object a lot of squash and stretch. Every object was bouncy and pliable. It was a lot of fun to animate (Early animated cartoons were often this way too - in early Mickey Mouse cartoons, Mickey could easily stretch out the tail of an airplane and make it longer. An airplane or a car was animated as though it was made out of the same material as a cow's udder or an animal's tongue).
Do you have to be struggling with your debts to benefit from a debt solution?
She looked like her mommy. Soft brown curls. Sweet lips. Bright blue eyes. Genetics were wonderful.
With budget cuts pending, it is feared that the 'thin blue line' could be further eroded.
Photo & Illustration Submission Guidelines
There's certainly no crime.
emotions choking me, I dropped the coins into the jar. I
22. Unschoolers learn about diversity in the world and accept other ways of life because they've never been bullied or ridiculed.
How about that? Easy, eh?
Great fun to do!
Jenny was right, painting the ceiling as well as the walls draws your eyes up wards and gives the illusion of a taller room. Hmmm, I might have to try this trick in the kitchen and living room.
Star stared at him with a disbelieving look. He was ready to risk his life in an attempt to rescue anyone who might be still alive down there.
And I’d give up forever to touch you, ’cause I know that you feel me somehow.
We also put some fresh pork sausage in our smokehouse,
The recipe said to add all ingredients, stir and then cook for about 3 hours and continue to stir.... occasionally! Easy peasy!
As it gushes over a rock,
My daughter had her acting final yesterday for college, and said it went awesome! She loves it where she is, and I am so thankful. She is taking some summer classes, which start May 14, so won't be able to come home, but we are heading out there as soon as my school year is over. Yay!
I know I did not cover everything the true depth and value of the music industry but today I will look at the music industries ability to enter the cocoon of gaming and film and emerge a single art form a beautiful butterfly! How can music be used in film and game? Can the three be merged into a single art form? Tune in later today for a look at musics impact on the other three pillars of the entertainment arts and our ability to meld them into one!
cassandra has received quit a bit of gushing over on ravelry and i’ve seen some brilliant finished projects in the CAL. everyone is delighted, quite rightly, with their cassandras, which is marvy, but me, i’m just not feeling the love for this shawl. it is beautiful and flowy and unique and classic, but shucks, i just don’t see myself ever wearing it. i’ll have to chalk my tango shawl up to a good crocheting experience (and maybe a needed reminder that my inner voice is never wrong). i hope that tango finds a good home where it will be loved and appreciated and oft-worn, which is the very least every good (and toilsome) shawl deserves.
He used it as a moment to admit, through his Locust Valley Lock Jaw and clenched teeth, that he, too, was wearing "men's slimming garments" under his tux.
front and back covers of your book and one that is just a bit smaller than the spine.
A 10 month marathon including lack of sleep, in many cases missed lunches, and being pulled a million directions. Don't we realize that we have just trekked across a desert in some ways as we worked hard? Probably without much encouragement. Without much help. Not whining about it -but teaching can be a pretty lonely trek.
Things only get worse as he turns to his new masterpiece, Welcome to Thonnet: a tale about a 17-year-old schoolboy who is (as he confesses coyly) perhaps a little like himself. The hero's name, Jay Giving, rhymes uncomfortably with Ray Living: he is a kind of pornographic Mary-Sue, a character invented by the author as a wish-fulfilment fantasy. Eventually it becomes clear that Living is a convicted paedophile, who is violating the terms of his parole.
Please, read the poem below, a serious post.
Bunny: Vermillion, Rose pink, Baby pink (and Sandstone and Light fawn for it's tummy)
Rating 1/10
In 1961, Cline joined the cast of the Grand Ole Opry, realizing a lifelong dream. She became one of the Opry’s biggest stars, and is believed to be the only person granted membership by asking.
I left my Garmin at home today, so I don’t know what my time was, but that’s OK. I’m really liking running how I feel like running without the anxiety induced by checking my watch every five seconds to see if I’m keeping pace.
To accompany the screening, the earliest surviving film about the disaster was shown beforehand. ‘In Nacht Und Eis’ is a short silent film released immediately after the real event in late 1212. This was accompanied by a wonderful live piano performance and the vibrantly colour-tinted print was pin-sharp (Remarkable for a film a century old) but sadly the acting wasn’t. The wild gestures used by the characters (The first Officer in particular) as they gaze terrified at the sight of a small lump of polystyrene floating in a pond (Meant to represent the towering iceberg) elicited howls of laughter from the audience!
Security experts agree that our security agencies are beginning to slice the sect. I am confident that soon, the more organized, more sophisticated operations of Boko Haram will gradually diminish. However, security agencies must be advised never to undermine the threat of lone Boko Haram Jihadists. They must proactively lookout for fresh extremist tactics such as book bombs and letter bombs, method Indonesian terrorist cells now use.
3. I make $_________ in commission per sale (this can vary…feel free to average)
What a change from 1949 and 1953 when Mapai (Labour) and Mapam had an absolute majority of the Knesset and Mapai, under David Ben-Gurion deliberately allied with the National Religious Party in order that the Zionist left couldn’t rule alone.
My Thanksgiving:
At the moment I think the mother fox is shopping at Sainsbury's superstore, which is only a five minute walk from where David and his wife Michelle live. Perhaps she has access to the big bins outside the store? While I was at David's house last week, for his birthday celebration, I saw a baby fox cub pulling a rather large bone into the den.
After his time with London Greenpeace, Lambert moved to backroom stuff, overseeing officers deployed in other groups. He put Jim Boyling into those well-known terrorists Reclaim The Streets.
Sitting in my cubicle listening to the guy as he explained to our receptionist all about phallic symbols (yes, he went there).
And Misubishi did have to rename its “Pajero” model after it found out that the word they should have used was “Pájaro” and the slight orthographic error was a huge blunder in meaning. (Look it up – this is a family friendly blog!)
Western democracy, we've been told for centuries, is based on the notion of contract. And for Arabs?
a wonderful husband who helps me not freak out so much, keeps me calm,
I Could sleep until noon,
Invite them to coffee (virtual or otherwise--gchat is a great coffeehouse). Email them. Tell them what you really think of them (people love to hear that you think they are awesome). Be honest. Be respectful. Comment on their blogs. Read their manuscripts.
Something tells me that we’ll all have the sense to go to sleep at a reasonable hour tonight. Except maybe Joann, who is still traveling back to California. I’d stay up in solidarity with my dear sister, but…um…I have to make sure my pillow is properly broken in because it’s not gotten much use this past week. Yeah…that’s the ticket. Good stewardship of my pillow.
Legalized same-sex marriage exists in just eight states and the District of Columbia. In purely political terms, the swing states Obama needs for reelection—Ohio, Virginia, Colorado, and Florida—have all banned gay marriage. Now add North Carolina.
A few weeks ago their appeal against the bypass was rejected and rightfully so, why does the vocal minority always have to get their way when the vast majority are in favour of something? It doesn't seem to matter how wrong you are, if you shout your opinion as loudly as possible you'll always win. Now, if I'd gone to the effort to go to court over something and I'd lost, I'd take the hint and call it a day. Of course, that's too simple. Willy and co are to make a second appeal against the bypass.
Earlier during the weekend, I asked Madison who my favorite girl was. She squinted her eyes and pointed at Lynnette. I laughed. “Okay,” I said. “Who’s my favorite princess?” I asked. She smiled wide and tapped her own nose twice.
And is there minimum acceptable Customer Satisfaction numbers…required for continued employment??
Enjoy your week, and remember to love yourself, because YOU are amazing xxx
their opponent being at their knees before the fatal swing. The obvious result is that the opponent is in a vulnerable position, but also it plays into the bugbear’s need to show their dominance. For some, this is more important than the actual kill. Many of their attacks are geared to putting their enemies on
Good day!
& plain
Hello! Angela Fehr here, wondering if you are seeing any spring flowers in your neck of the woods? We are still waiting on the first blades of grass around my hometown and I'm hungry for colour!
If there are perhaps some areas where you can still see the caning shining through, I stretched the fabric and sewed it in place to cover these up. Since I still have to tackle the front, I can take some pictures on the attaching technique. I assure you, its nothing that you can't handle. The most sewing I've ever done consisted of girl scout crafts in the 3rd grade and this turned out pretty okay! Neat!
I left the original post that appeared above the original closed bank list intact below, because it contains some valuable information that has not changed. Please read it and use the links to check your own bank’s ratings. Know that these ratings can change, so check your bank out periodically. Nothing is more endearing than to find out your bank is seized and you can’t access your checking account to pay your bills until some government yahoo says you can.
The weather has been very wet lately, and the forecast was unsettled and changing by the hour. It generally included rain, though! I was kind of unsettled myself, deciding whether or not to spend the money on a half-day visit to a place I’d wanted to see for years.
First to go were the clocks
Will continue with the cycling and eating sensibly and just try and stay health and fit and let my body sort itself out into a shape it's comfortable with.
Fallacy number 7 – “We are well known and highly regarded”
As well as writing picture book scripts, Dawn writes educational readers for the international market. One of Dawn’s previous picture books, Why Do Dogs Sniff Bottoms?, won the Children’s Choice award in 2003, and was accredited as a NZ Booksellers Gold Bestseller in 2005.
Howl in the air
The seaweed is always greener
-Blend the egg whites till frothy and then beat the egg yolks separately.
This Abecedarian April challenge is forcing me to pour over my collection of dictionaries and history books in search of “new” old words that are no longer being used, at least to my knowledge. It completely cabobbles me why some of these words have been archived. Words such as croodle, which means to snuggle up to one’s mother like chicks under the hen’s wing. I mean, how sweet is that? What mother wouldn’t pull her baby close and whisper, “Come croodle with me, my wee sweet potato pie.” What about clamberskull? I mean, this word says exactly what it means: Strong drink that clambers to the skull. Need I say more?
~Original by Brie.
I want to start a universal way to signify sarcasm when something is typed.
(4) NAMA land and development assets may not perform in accordance with residential and commercial indices. Development land in Ireland is reportedly down 75-90% from peak whereas commercial prices are down 59% and residential is down 36%.
David Goodier - Bass Guitar, Glockenspiel, Backing Vocals
Aaaaaaannnnddd--- rinse and repeat. Basically. I also straighten up, and Bug helps me. In this case, "helps" means "reach into the dishwasher a lot while repeatedly asking for fruit snacks" but hey, we take what we can get.
judicial system enforces the payment of your fees. This is conclusive
Through it all, veiled by disorienting media distractions and political legerdemain, we find ourselves buffeted and bound by the predicament of paradigm lost…that constitutes the onset of the unraveling of the present order.
From where I ascended the summit I would have to cover some distance to arrive at my perch. Walking over the giant slab rock I noticed two large black birds hovering over me at some altitude while riding the current of wind keeping them aloft. They must have noticed me as they started to descend. The birds were alternately keeping station and descending to a lower plateau getting lower and closer to me. I wondered, are these my spirit guides? As I was waking over the crater top the birds were maintaing a constant bearing and collision course as if they intended to land on my shoulder or on the top of my head. As the birds were descending they started looking bigger and bigger. They were close enough for me to identify them and reminded me of Edgar Allen Poe’s raven, but much bigger and not, definitely not, sitting on a perch in his study. I thought that they were ravens but I never in my life believed they were this big. Their wingspan was wider than I was tall. Being born and raised in the urban East Coast I never before saw ravens and I never before saw any birds this big. And these big birds were coming closer and looking bigger as I was crossing the open summit walking atop that big slab of a rock to my intended perch. Were these my spirit guides, I wondered aloud.
-“ I don’t love puzzles ,they make me feel stupid.”
I am here to tell you that money most certainly does not buy happiness. It buys choices, as the saying goes, but you can have a whole pocket full of cash and a whole array of choices and still be having an absolutely suck time.
Malchus hugged the woman, “it’s nice to see you too, Mary.”
Thanks STARS for sending out this important, truthful message.
I then got onto the Penguin Graduate programme. It was an eighteen month programme where I got to work in lots of different parts of the business – marketing, publicity, sales, a stint in the Penguin US office as well as children and adult editorial. Because I got to work in so many different parts of the business I was absolutely sure that I wanted to work in children’s editorial at the end of the programme.
Guide my every stroke.
The “..good works” spoken of here are those works through which Jesus continues His ministry in us and through us for the Glory of the Father and the benefit of the community (cf., Acts 10:38). As His adopted children, then, we form the Body of Christ and, thus, are also the Father’s representatives or envoys in world to continue the ministry of His Son so that the Glory of the Father’s love may be manifested through us to all humanity.
Industrial Property Office
I wasn’t looking forward to the drive tomorrow as it would be a long one. Tomorrow was also going to be the last night in the camper for Michelle and Jacob. The plan was to get to Greymouth for them to get the Trans Scenic Train to Christchurch where they would stay until Saturday. Aaron and I were to continue South to Mount Cook and the Franz Jospeh Glacier and meet up with them later on in the week. Aaron is a good traveller and sitting in the front would help enormously. Michelle and Jacob had had enough of camping and wanted to relax in a more comfortable environment for the remainder of the trip. The adults also need peace badly, without the two boys fighting continually, the only way was to split them up, so we did. As Michelle quite rightly said, she wanted the last memories of this trip to be a happy one, where we were all happy to see each other, even if it was due to a premeditated absence.
I have really enjoyed finally getting to read the run of Jack Kirby's post-apocalyptic comic book series KAMANDI. It reeks of the 1970s and is repeatedly clunky in its storytelling in a way the only Kirby could make endearing, but its pure energy and constant forward momentum is a blast. I'm loving ever mad issue!
And especially for Brenda of Butlers Abroad, here's a shot of the other worktop showing the Cuttlebug is out and I've been doing a bit of embossing too. The scissors are the ones I keep for cutting anything with glue on it and they are there waiting to be cleaned.
I thank You, God, that You have promised that when I call upon You, You will listen to me. So, Lord, I pray that You will begin this very day to set that hope and that future in motion.
Makes you wonder exactly what Duff and Phelps are doing over at Ibrox to justify the fees of several hundred pounds per hour per person they have been racking up since February 14, doesn’t it?
I implore you to join the ranks of these titans of history by pardoning Marek W, the penitent young man who languishes in prison for a thoughtless prank at the expense of your webpage.
At a Sanford City Council meeting Monday, which turned into a public forum on the Trayvon shooting, Rev Al Sharpton gave city leaders a petition with 2 million signatures of people calling for Zimmerman to be locked up.
Last week, the political news scene had one of its regular (and increasingly frequent) nervous breakdowns over the Shirley Sherrod non-scandal scandal. It was another example of news media not doing its homework and politicians and pundits racing to judgement without the facts in an effort to beat the pace of the news cycle.
I'll be blogging from Italy for the rest of the week. Ciao!
Worst / best thing about being a writer?
And don't get me started on the eye creams. They have their own drawer.
There’s nothing dreamy about the house they eventually find: a ditch-side shack on the outskirts of the city. There’s no mountains in the distance, only smokestacks; when the Tramp sits down to dinner, his chair collapses—we think, until we realize it’s the floor that’s given way. The Gamin serves him stolen food. Luckily, the factory’s hiring.
To be honest, I don’t think God tells us how long we should keep believing. It’s funny, but God doesn’t seem to exist in our small minded understanding of time. His word says one day is like a thousand years in His eyes (2 Peter 3:8). So how long is long enough for God? It certainly isn’t according to our time table. So that means that we believe until we receive. Did God speak? If so, continue to have faith in what He said and be patient about it. It might be 1 day, it might be 50 years. But the strength of your faith is determined on your ability to keep believing in what He promised until He answers.
09 Big Apple 03:36
I'll check it out when its out and if its good I play and buy, if it isn't I won't.
Veterinarians hate to give pet owners bad news. People today have a greater emotional attachment to their pets than in the past, and dogs and cats have moved from the farm and the backyard to being house pets. Not only do our four-legged companions sleep in the bedroom, many sleep in our beds.
The Cape's overall plot is super over the top, expecting you to suspend your disbelief farther than you might be comfortable with. The concept of keeping a secret identity in a digital age is a tough one. Don't know how Superman continues to do it.. but maybe you just have to let go in order to have fun sometimes (ex: those who picked apart the plot of Tron: Legacy and couldn't just enjoy the ride). Once you can have a sense of humor and let go, you open yourself up to more fun experiences. This goes for life in general. (Or you can just pretend everyone knows Vince is the Cape and they are just playing along to make him happy, it's also very funny that way.)
Escaping
The coffee table retails at $1395. I can't wait to see how we will all be inspired and how recreate this look.
Good and Goodness.
As David Haye and Dereck Chisora turned a press conference centred around a boxing match into the precise opposite, consternation and confusion reigned amongst the boxing elite.
The key to the crunchy crisp skin is this secret ingredients...corn starch. What a valuable lesson I have learned from the Living Magazine! This is such a simple roast chicken that anyone can prepare. All you need to do is to wash and clean the whole chicken (believe it or not, this is a task that I took a while to pick up the courage to do!), pat it real dry, inside out, and rub some butter all over the skin, including under the skin. Butter will help the chicken to brown evenly. The next thing is to rub a combination of salt, pepper and corn starch all over the chicken, including the cavity and of course under the skin to add flavour to the meat. I like to add in some dried mixed herbs as I love the smell of the herbs when the chicken is roasting. It is perfectly all right to leave it out or you could do with some fresh rosemary (finely chopped). I don't truss the chicken as I don't know how to do it, plus, I think it is not an absolute must. The last step is to place it in a roasting pan (preferably one that comes with a rack, to encourage even browning) and leave it to the oven to the finish the job as it is not necessary to baste the chicken. In about an hour's time, you will be rewarded with a golden crispy chicken, not forgetting the inviting aroma of the roast chicken...I feel so proud for myself as I am very certain my neighbours could smell it and would probably think their neighbour must be a good cook!
-”Oh ya Allah ! are you going to ask for divorce?What happened?
2. Link to this post on your blog and leave a comment with a link to your post.
Thank you, Jasline and Kajal !!
You should in no circumstances become a double texter! There are some instances where it is okay to double text though. If you have an iphone, blackberry, or some other type of smartphone (and let’s face it – that’s everyone), then double texting becomes okay. HOWEVER you must send the texts straight after each other. This is okay because your texts are in the same thought and you’re using texting as an instant messaging service. If you wait for too long in between messages, then it just seems lame and like you have been thinking about them and waiting for a response.
meeelk = milk
The instructions on the poly say to sand in between coats (which I skipped on the nightstands out of laziness), but this time I did as instructed, but just to the top of the dresser to make sure the finish was as smooth as possible.
But emotionally? In the middle of the night when I can't sleep? Do I regret passing on a book that someone else sold for a lot of money or that is now on the bestseller list? Well, what do you think? OF COURSE I REGRET IT.
First of all, let me repeat that I am at a lost of words at how much I loved the show. I enjoyed it a lot and still have a hangover!!!! So.. forgive me if I won’t be able to give a detailed review.
My question is.....a normal baby is a handful...imagine a mother who probably is still struggling with alcohol addition trying to be reunited with her child that has FAS? How will she cope.
Discarded flyers litter the Square beyond them, punctuated by knots of protesters, the homeless roused from a night in a nearby doorway and the tide of working folk looking resolutely past it all as they rush to get to their job on time and try desperately to maintain their version of normality.
and to end this all on a brighter note, that kid I have a crush on, Keith, yea he’s talking to me more and more now :3 I really like him. he gets my mind off things.
That's it! . . . my day at The Huntington Library, Art Collections and Botanical Gardens. Thanks for reading along and I hope you enjoyed the tour. I thoroughly enjoyed my visit and plan to go back soon. Because the most important thing I learned on this day at The Huntington is this: what a luxury it is to have such a beautiful place so close to home. I realize that I take for granted all of the wonderful places I have nearby to see and experience and learn from. I take for granted that these places will still be there when I get around to going. Do you do the same thing? Put off for another day the beauty and history that's in your own backyard? Tell me about a great place near you that you've put off for later. And, tell me, when will "later" be? I hope for each of us, later comes very soon.
To be totally honest I think that album gets a bum rap by reviewers too...I was a cat that wasn't around listening to "People's Instinctive Travels..." and "The Low End Theory" when they first dropped. I had to go back and re-trace those albums after hearing ATCQ's later releases (sorry, I'm still kinda young) and even though I missed out on a lot of magic, I will always maintain that "The Love Movement" can stand up with their older work...
“Well then?” I said, vexed. “Why are you locking it.”
***Just a small little aside added much later - Blogger seems to be eating the comments being left but please do leave them because I think I'm getting them on email notification. Well I've seen a couple so far! I have no idea what's going on with my blog though!***
In the early days of the 1870s and 80s, before the trains came in, Coney Island wasn’t a place for day trippers. The two attractions were a) the enormous resort hotels, like the Manhattan Beach, the Brighton Beach and the Oriental, where families would stay for their vacations by the sea. And b) several racetracks, where people would come bet on horses, which I conclude – without making any value judgments – explains the nearby presence of many wild saloons. And in the early days of Coney Island, variety performers would entertain in these two kinds of venues: the very genteel hotels and the very wild saloons.
So stay tuned!
Press (optional)
“I’m looking for answers,” Camping said, adding that meant frequent prayer and consultations with friends.
These are the questions that keep the parents and grandparents of disabled adult children up at night. Fortunately, through a special needs trust our clients can make sure that their adult disabled child or grandchild will receive an inheritance that is managed by a trustworthy individual in a way that will not disqualify that child from supplemental security income, medicaid, adult day programs or residential placement.
Crouched on the floor, waiting by the door, I pondered other storms I've been through. Real storms. Life storms. The ones that shake you and throw you and toss you about.
At my kids’ last dental appointment it was confirmed that my eight and nine year old boys are each missing two adult teeth. I was advised to bring them to an orthodontist to come up with a long-term plan. That plan could mean multiple tooth-pullings and braces or tooth implants and braces.
or a 13-inch All Clad Stainless Steel Braiser, which is the same as the All Clad Paella Pan with a domed rather than flat lid. If you get this pan, I recommend you buy the flat lid separately, which makes it very versatile.
Photo: “HiroC and OnoD are happy in the end”?!
She stood there frozen in her little black hipster outfit, 500 dollar skinny black jeans and 500 dollar haircut caught stealing fruit from an old lady and not sure what to do or what was about to happen to her. I took the opportunity to continued on with my speech. "Those lemons belong to a little old lady. She planted that tree and comes out every morning to pick one to use in her tea. She gives them to her grandchildren and neighbors as gifts. And now you are breaking off half the tree so you can have some of her lemons. I am pretty sure she did not plant that tree for you to walk by today and fuck it up. What's the MATTER with you?"
I was never exiled
It lulls a bit in the third act, so to speak. The death of Phil Davies more or less made me want to put the book down and be down with it. Not all of the characters are winners, either. Of particular disappointment to me were the hero and heroine of the book. John Chandagnac, who becomes the pirate Jack Shandy, is a French puppeteer heading to the Caribbean to confront the uncle who stole his birthright. A nice enough back story, but the execution of the character is lackluster and he seems like just another wooden hero, not unlike the marionettes he uses in his trade. Even his use of his puppeteer skills and his rise to a position of leadership and heroic piracy are too pedestrian for what is an otherwise astounding setting. His revenge quest, which shifts to become a lover's quest, has perhaps the most uninteresting ending I've read in a long, long time. This is a shame, since had Powers not set up such a great story idea so rich with fantasy it would have been a great ending.
Under my feet. After the event
First off, the weight measurements for the recipes are off in the first printing of this book. I usually weigh my ingredients thought that the measurements looked a little off but gave the book the benefit of the doubt and made the Lemon Shortbread cookies per the instructions. My cookies ended up spreading all over the baking sheet and looked nothing like the shortbread cookies from the store. Later I found out that there was errata for the book. I understand that things happen and many books have a small number of errata. However, this one seemed to have more than normal and the mistakes are big ones. I mean, if the weight measurements are off then it means that every recipe is off. If you have a first printing, please do yourself a favor and download the errata here before making anything in this book. I have been told that the next printing of the book will have this mistakes fixed and Amazon is even sending me a copy free of charge.
I have been pondering and writing down some habits I would like to work on to aid in keeping me healthy. I am a grandmother now and I am not getting any younger so I would like to establish some easy daily rituals that will keep me energized and moving throughout my day.
I spoke to a company in East Acton called FX Rentals who specialise in this sort of work (they were recently given the task of transferring a newly discovered Beatles acetate). They told me they would bake the tapes for a day or two, and then play them to see what (if anything) was on them. Retrieval of any music would be £50 per hour (per hour of music, not per hour of work... it could take them many hours to restore an hours worth of music, but it will still only cost £50).
The course was well made, but could have used a port-a-john between the arctic enema and the death march. I had to use my sock in the woods! TMI; I know; lol but you had to know!
Liverpool Crown Court was told the victim was forced to have sex with 21
On the 20th April 1653, Cromwell dismissed the Rump Parliament and locked the doors of the Commons. Before doing so, he angrily berated the MPs, marching up and down the chamber in a bate. The apocryphal report of his diatribe, written some good 70 years later, goes like this:
The thing most people don’t understand is just how much the chaotic environment can degrade network speed. For people who care to test their cellular network, downlink speeds of 1 to 3 Mbps appear reasonable if somewhat disappointing. After all, that’s only 10-30% of the capability of a 3G network. Unfortunately, the reality is that a combination of factors can combine to degrade network performance to speeds closer to 1-3% of the capability. Interference and noise introduce errors, which in turn force the network to use less efficient modulation schemes and can drastically reduce the network speed. An accurate test of network speed will reflect this reality.
However, the book is really written for younger children than the Laura audience. Betsy and Tacy and five and have bossy older sisters who are seven. The two help each other through difficulties, such as the death of Tacy’s baby sister and fears on the first day of school, but they also make a new friend by the end of the book through their adventuresome play. It’s a heartwarming book and the first in a series, so we may need to find out what else Mrs. Lovelace has written. I know there are societies in her memory and that she based the books off of her own childhood experiences, something I am always a sucker for since sitting at my grandmother’s knee and finding her own childhood escapades to be captivating.
A lot of people are fuming over spoilers released on the internet, but in reality, most of the “leaked” information is common knowledge to anyone who has seen the prerequisite films (and I do recommend that you see these films before watching the Avengers, as the film makes many references back to circumstances in those movies and not seeing them could leave you a little lost). If you have not seen these films, Avengers does make a a few spoken mentions of the important details, but if you’re not paying attention, well then it just sucks to be you. Moving on, the film begins with the appearance of the norse god Loki (Tom Hiddleson) at S.H.E.I.L.D. headquarters where he manages to steal a mystical cube of infinite power. Terrified at the possible outcome of this situation, Nick Fury (Samuel L Jackson) contacts the world’s greatest special people including S.H.E.I.L.D. agents Black Widow (Scarlette Johannson) and Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner), Genius billionaire playboy philanthropist Tony Stark aka Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.), Genetic physicist Bruce banner aka The Hulk (Mark Ruffalo), Recently defrosted World War 2 super soldier steve Rogers aka Captain America(Chris Evens) and Norse god of thunder Thor (Chris Hemsworth). The group has issues with agreeing on methods, means, or even personalities, but as Loki’s army marches on Earth, they have very little time to find a way to work together and stop him.
St. Mark's reflected the changes that swept through Greenwich Village during the 20th century, with experimental and sometimes scandalous church activities, from hypnotism, modern dance and even a trippy foray into psychedelic Christian rock.
And another kind of shadow is creeping over the dustlands.
When I started thinking about all this, it quickly became clear to me that the best model to follow is definitely the Catholic one. I mean, let’s face it, they’ve been around for nearly two thousand years now, which means that their product and business model must have a lot going for them. And they’ve got a couple of features which are just begging for on-line development.
Weatherby George Dupree
She went through a lot of husbands. they always died, it seems.
Where to start from?
And I certainly have to respect the human dignity of the terrorists’ nondangerous neighbors – who are not a threat. We always talk about “innocents,” but “innocence” is not the issue here. The issue here is whether they are dangerous. So the correct translation is “non-dangerous.”
Little did I know that with all the good things organic comes with, as far as no pesticides go, comes little baby spiders I have been nourishing to life. I came home from my weekend away to find my plants suffering from too much water and little white baby spiders crawling in their dirt. I panicked and didn’t know what to do, I called my dad and he suggested spraying the dirt with hairspray to kill the spiders that were crawling.
All tracks: by Round House.
Steve Lamb - Bass
When Jill asked us to raise Katie in her absence, Jenny and I didn't need to think it over. We looked at each other and we just knew that there was no other choice. We had known Katie since the day she was born, and she was already like an extension of our family. Jill told us there was nobody else in the world she would trust to give Katie the kind of love she deserved; the kind of love she would need to survive her loss. You can't fix a heart that's broken like that. You just have to be there and let her live through it, and let her know that you're there and that she'll always be safe and loved. One of the hardest things in the world is to watch a child you love suffer through something you can't fix, and we were terrified that we wouldn't be able to do it.
grind them through a meatgrinder, before I spit em out
Branches of cherry blossoms.
more mommy time. for crafting, for cleaning, for exercising, for cooking, for mommy stuff..
He intended to walk to his aunt’s home and kill her also, but after hearing his grandmother’s last words, decided to call 911, the affidavit said.
I Googled around and found the Wikipedia entry on the song (voice of Ernest P. Worrell: "Now there's your problem, Vern ..."), which verified what Dylan had said: " ... a 1956 song written by Preston Foster and first recorded by Ann Cole, but popularized by Muddy Waters in 1957."
Though not without injury nor considerable exhaustion from such an exceedingly long fight, the party at long last slew and destroyed the last of the undead and unexpected arrivals to the field and found themselves faced with the smoking and smoldering ruin of the firebase ahead. The bunker which Pandora had discovered would doubtless contain what the party sought for their patron alongside further untold discoveries–but for the moment, the party halted to regroup and re-assess before they would continue on…
That year, my mother and her friends were discussing the beauty of Finland. The TV screen glittered with the lights and the movement of the crowds. They talked of ice cliffs and choppy blue-grey seas at the crowd said "Ten!" It was so close to the new year!
A. Age:26
Reason why there were so many in the month of March was cuz I had to squeeze them in before April because of the A to Z! (Yay!!!) Otherwise they wouldn't have been so close together. So sorry for making you chase me all around the internet lately. But I REALLY appreciate everyone who has followed me to those blogs. Really, it means a lot. :D
5. Just because you're lying in bed awake doesn't mean you want to be alert to the outside world.
"so that no one can buy or sell unless he has the mark, that is, the name of the beast or the number of its name. This calls for wisdom: let the one who has understanding calculate the number of the beast" ~Revelation 13:11-18
Despite a negative malaria test, the decision was made to start him on quinine injections. Quinine is sa lifesaving, but extremely harsh drug. It can have terrible side effects--one of which is deafness--and is usually reserved for emergency cases. I hated that we had to give that to tiny Joseph, but there was nothing I could do.
Those Who Have Risen (Master CD)
Him hath God exalted with his right hand to be a Prince and a Saviour, for to give repentance to Israel, and forgiveness of sins. Acts 5:31 (KJV)
Which leaves us with Chris Bell, whose hey-over-here campaign tells you everything you need to know about the Democratic party in Texas these days.
Ticked off.
I remain eternally grateful for this kid. He's smart, witty, funny. And that's at four! I could get all mushy now, recalling Oscar's birth, how I caught him, delivered him into my own hands, how that moment forever changed everything, how in that moment I knew that being his mom was the most important thing I would ever do. I can still remember the way he felt, warm and slimy and like home.
We have never experienced white racism as a couple, only intolerance from blacks. All of our friends comment about how annoying it is that we still like each other so much, and that our children are so well adjusted and sociable. We still have date night on Tuesdays and leave the kids on our anniversary to travel to a far off place. My mother-in-law teases that we are always talking about each other fondly and she makes fun of us. But she still denounces our marriage. I don’t blame her. She wants her grandchildren to look like her. I have realized that that is normal for everyone.
Life does have its twists and turns and challenges. If we run away from them we miss the lesson. I am definitely here to learn so that I can grow and be a better person and more genuine to who I am everyday.
Today the time will be 11 seconds after the 11th minute of the 11 hour on the 11th day of the 11 month in the 11th year of this century and millennium = 11:11:11 on 11/11/11.
I'm wearing my denim skirt that basically hasn't been off my person since Christmas and a dress as a shirt. This dress was from George at Asda and I bought it in my normal size which is a 20 but its pretty huge on me so I have to awkwardly tuck it in but I love it all the same. I have a bit of an obsession with polka dots and this has two different sizes on so its a winner in my book! Leggings are the usual Matalan and my shoes are Primark wide fit I've gone through two pairs of these now but I love them so much and they obviously match everything! My scarf is vintage from a charity shop which I wore to just tie in the beigey colours with my jacket. I just thought I'd also add a very much wind and rain swept picture of my face into the post because I virtually went make up free today bar maybe some powder to de-shine myself slightly.
Enter the Punky Monkey, created by Joaquin Simo of New York’s Death & Company, to shake me out of our cocktail doldrums. Jeff Berry laid out the drink in his Beachbum Berry Remixed. At the bar, Berry reports that it’s on the menu as the Kerala. Regardless of the name, it’s a great little cocktail that relies on not just bourbon, but — in an uncommon and, in some quarters, controversial move — bourbon and rum in the same glass.
Our wrath come after Russia’s wrath and our wrath be the worst.
“It’s okay,” he replied, moving to the computer desk while she chattered, following along behind him.
You may start out with a goal and a plan for your community. Things may change as your community members evolve their relationships. However, members determine how the conversation and the community develop and grow, or die. Since one of the main principles of community is that the community is in charge, you may need to hold the reins very loosely. Remember, a mob is also a type of community. Online, passions can spike instantly, and people have the tools to express themselves immediately. See a good example of what can happen on the influential Techcrunch blog.[5] Co-Founder Michael Arrington provoked an angry response when he questioned a journalist on a video blog, resulting in a mob of angry people wishing him ill on the social site FriendFeed.Depending on your community, and how it evolves, you may need to worry about mob rule. Anonymous blog commenting is one of the ways social media can get out of control. We classify the people who comment on a blog post as a form of community, although others disagree. The posters often comment on each others’ posts, and things can get out of hand and way off topic. What is your responsibility in this case? If you are too heavy-handed in ensuring posts are on-topic and polite, users can revolt, or simply leave.
It wasn't long before Constantijn was promoted to the next level in the New World Order hierarchy. Earlier this year, the young prince was appointed senior advisor to the private office of European Commissioner for the Digital Agenda, Ms Neelie Kroes.
He excuses himself to go to the restroom to defecate. He uses toilet paper to wipe his beautiful natural rectum. He understands that God created him naked. And God said that it was good. If he smells he smells what can he say? It is how God made him. He dismisses the notion that sin is in the world. He discards any thought that perhaps his nakedness is not what God wills for him.
Instead, Jesus counsels to sit in the lowest place. That way, the host will come along and say “Friend, go up higher”. So instead of shame, brought about trying to sit in the best place, you will receive glory among those who sit at the table with you.
“…hoarding all the valuables they could find,” Rucks says, referring to the fragments of the old world – also your currency – and fruit, just like the Kid.
full-room shots of nearly my entire house (except for my kids' rooms and the bathrooms).
Good beer is something that needs to be savoured. There is something about the pace of modern life generally (or maybe it's my life in particular) that is somehow not conducive to really stopping and enjoying a beer. Either there are pressures of life intruding into a special beer moment, or, and perhaps this is a crueller irony, there is so much great beer available that you feel hurried to drink what you have in front of you so you can move on to the next rarity.
Peeling leeches the size of pencils off my legs was nothing compared to this, he thought. Time for it to be over. In his line of work, booze made for bad business.
Genuine Windows 7 Home Premium (64-Bit),
4Who shall not fear thee, O Lord, and glorify thy name? for thou only art holy: for all nations shall come and worship before thee; for thy judgments are made manifest.
(Note: My Garmin measured this course as a little long. There were a lot of turns and even though I tried to run the tangents it didn't always work.)
In addition--and this seemed a bit mean to me, but I did it because the errant monk recommends it--I stopped stepping over him when he was lying in my way, and instead made him get up, every single time. According to the monk, stepping over a dog is not a big deal to us, but it is full of significance to the dog: it tells him that we consider him superior. I would not have adopted this so readily had it not been that every German Shepherd we have ever owned has adored my husband, who has neither fed nor played with nor trained them, but who has always made them get up when they were in his way.
It smiles it’s blinding face
Listed below are ten unhelpful (and borderline hateful) things people usually say to those of us struggling with infertility. I personally have heard each and every one of these. I have also included what I wanted to respond with and what I actually said.
I first heard the name John Demjanjuk in 1985 when Israel sought his extradition as a war criminal. Survivors of the Nazi holocaust had recognized Demjanjuk as Ivan the Terrible, an infamous prison guard who acted with singular cruelty against Jewish prisoners at Sobibor and Treblinka.
We had some stunning entries again, our thanks to all of you for joining in the fun, choosing our favourites was as difficult as ever but we have now whittled them down and first the winner of the great prize from Sir Stampalot...........................
‘At the eastern extremity of the Cairn Hill which forms the south-east boundary of the parish, south of Harperrig, there is a hollow slope or declivity, known by the name of the Caldstane Slap, through which pass, lies the drove road most commonly frequented by dealers in sheep and cattle between the Scotch and English markets. This road is passable also for travellers on horseback during the summer months. But, in order to obtain a more easy and direct communication, it is gratifying to learn that our southern neighbours have already formed and nearly completed this road to within a very short distance of the boundary of this parish; and it is to be hoped that the proprietors of the Calder district will find it their interest to imitate their good example, by finishing this line of road as far as this parish extends’. (Sommers, Account of the parish of Mid Calder, 4.)
This is a beer that I could somehow see my self sailing the seven seas with an eye patch and a peg leg with. Not in my top 10, but still good. Let me explain...
Check out this article. Share this information with your teens and pre-teens. These tragedies do happen in our community.
4. This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook. You understand that you are providing your information to the Annotated Horror Blog and not to Facebook. The information you provide will only be used to notify you if you win the contest.
I feel like I would be so much more motivated in life, if I knew that this was where I was supposed to be. Sometimes I wonder what would have been, could have been, if just one choice or one mistake had not occurred.
A Nighty.
Knowing God is all I know. I would not want anyone else carrying me when tragedy hits....
There is a mountain of evidence that is piling high against Lake that puts him directly in the frame of being Breivik’s English ‘mentor’ which includes factual evidence linking them both yet no action has been taken against him.
When we get saved many thoughts and realizations go on In the new birth seeds of our standing with God, who Christ is, belief, faith, surrender, repentance, Grace, and Trust. There are more and these are in no particular order. It is like a mixture and transformation into the new creation that we instantly become. We might not understand it all but we know there has been a change.
Rather than ask ourselves, "Is this wrong?" the question really should be, "How does this help me love God and/or others better?"
Most of the time, I can get it done in one shot. But if my music is too loud, my hair’s in my face, or my trench coat is restricting my arm movements, it might take a second try. Or third. Or sixth. If my PPP means I sometimes spend an additional 10 minutes touching up my parking job, at the very least I walk away knowing it’s the best-parked car on street. And no one can say otherwise.
The Gospel track is a collection of readings from Matthew, Mark, Luke and John which are eyewitness accounts of the life, death and resurrection of Jesus. For more information about the gospels and the Bible in general I encourage you to read the “The Big Story of the Bible“, “The Big Story in Detail” and “How does what I’m reading fit into the Bible” posts.
Exciting times for a fresh 2012!!
After all that planting, CT and I went for a long walk in the sunshine. Then, we came home and enjoyed a few chapters of our newest read before jetting over to 862 for a patio picnic and an ice-cream cone run.
with a small mouth
2 tablespoons honey
Yet this is a friend who was using thrifted bedsheets to back her quilts, way back in the early nineties, and who has always hung a beautiful collection of vintage plates on her kitchen wall. She's someone who makes her own lip balm and is responsible for giving us our first sourdough culture.
Cut the lime and run the inside of the lime around the rim of a tall glass. Pour some salt onto a small plate and dip the rim of the glass into the salt. Fill the glass with ice, add a pinch of salt, the juice of half of a lime, then fill with beer. You may have some beer leftover, just save that for the next Chelada you make. Quarter the other lime half and add both quarters to your drink.
