The conservative Christian group of mothers (who seemingly have way too much time on their hands) said, "Recently JC Penney announced that comedian Ellen Degeneres will be the company's new spokesperson. Funny that JC Penney thinks hiring an open homosexual spokesperson will help their business when most of their customers are traditional families. More sales will be lost than gained unless they replace their spokesperson quickly. Unless JC Penney decides to be neutral in the culture war then their brand transformation will be unsuccessful. By jumping on the pro-gay bandwagon, JC Penney is attempting to gain a new target market and in the process will lose customers with traditional values that have been faithful to them over all these years."
I hope it’ll be a good night!
Yeah, that was the message.
English major, though I read a lot, I don’t consider myself well-read. I concentrated more on writing.
Rather impressed, i am glad that finally the Kajang - Sg. Buloh MRT project, (linking several densely populated areas, important sites and tourist spots in Klang Valley from Kajang in the south and Sg. Buloh in the north of Kuala Lumpur) is approved and its construction has begun. Also, as far as i know, two more MRT lines are currently under final planning and evaluation that will cover larger hotspots area in the capital.
Stormwind itself is as impressive as they say it is in the stories I had heard from others. It is a huge sprawling place, filled with tall buildings and stores with water running all throughout the town. It is filled with humans and dwaves and gnomes, and even a few night elves and other draenei. Truly a great city. They say it had been rebuilt only some odd twenty years ago, and I can understand why. It is close to the sea and beautiful fertile valleys all around. Truly an idyllic place.
The girl just has it. She just learns with ease, like lifting a feather. I don’t know that we can take a ton of credit, but yes, we do work on it a lot. Constantly teaching through each experience during the day.
The "Thank You" was cut at 1 1/2 inches and the flourish border was cut at 2 inches. The ribbon is from Webster-I love this beautiful stuff and the bling is from Prima. I used my cuttlebug for the base of the sentiment and for the Old Olive layer on the card.
In those days Earl Eric, the son of Hakon, and his brother Svein, ruled in Norway. Earl Eric abode as then at Hladir, which was left to him by his father, and a mighty lord he was. Skuli, the son of Thorstein, was with the earl at that time, and was one of his court, and well esteemed.
”We let a lot of houses fall in,” Dr. Pilkey said. ”I’m proud of that.” But houses threatened here and there are not the truest test of whether a state’s politicians can withstand pressure for stabilization, he said.
Every holiday party needs a bit of sparkle, and they don’t come much more sparkly than this dichroic glass beauty by Helen Clemons (BlueFairyDesigns), who also makes lovely suncatchers, coasters and bowls:
Today I thought I would share my recent 9mm interview with legendary British crime writer Val McDermid, one of the international superstars who have visited New Zealand over the past month. You can read about McDermid’s visit to the Women’s Bookshop in Auckland here, and Vanda Symon reported on her meeting with McDermid in Dunedin, here.
Money Remaining: $734,000
In order to get this salad ready real quick first you should first prepare your tempeh. I always steam my tempeh first, because it makes it softer and takes the bitterness out, as well as loosening up the tempeh so that it can accept your marinade better. So boil ample enough water to cover the tempeh, cut your tempeh into 4 or so pieces, and then throw it in the boiling water reduce heat to simmer and let simmer for about 10 minutes. While this is happening, mix up your marinade in a wide shallow container.
As far as my Statistics exam…..Lets just call it a learning experience. I just want it graded and given back so I can go over the holes……Today seems to have a theme (crappy paper, crappy exam). I don’t even want a do-over on this one. I just want to go to sleep.
Following the excitement of a thrilling season three finale that brought back one of the most beloved characters in the Star Wars universe, Cartoon Network today announced that Star Wars: The Clone Wars will premiere 22 all-new episodes for Season Four of the critically acclaimed CG-animated series from creator George Lucas and Lucasfilm Animation. The special, one-hour Season Four premiere event of Star Wars: The Clone Wars airs Friday, September 16, at 8 p.m. (et/pt).
These were photos I took for an art project. They were part of my final piece.
Leazes Park was Newcastle’s first public park. It was designed by John Laing and opened by Alderman Sir Charles Hamond on the 23rd of December 1873. It became the first public or peoples park created on Tyneside for the purposes of exercise and recreation. The Council minutes show that the park was laid out over a number of years and could not be appreciated as 'complete' until the 1890's.
Alarm clock
We all have to live here on this planet. Together. We need to work this out. If we demonize people as “reptilian shapeshifters”, then we’re just repeating the same old patterns.
80 East 110th Street, 1E
It needs to be clearly understood that we have a growing underclass who are putting this country at risk of anarchy. We have to address this quickly. Investment in effective parenting, education, prison with real rehabilitation and a Probation and Youth Justice Service that actually sets boundaries and consequences are an absolute requirement for any sort of change. Curfewing these animals in their disfunctional homes and expecting the police to enforce the curfew and keep them under control is not the answer.
Hang the trap in a “high-traffic” area for bugs.
A Simple Plan (Scott B. Smith)
Why be you… a liar and a gossip?
There is also one quotation from the lost Mekhilta to Deuteronomy (1124), a handful of quotations from the Palestinian Talmud (Talmud llshâm), and a long quotation with the story of the Oven of Aknai – a rallying point for laughing Karaites everywhere (1172-1175). The rest of the rabbinic library is proportionately represented too: Mishnah, Sifra, Sifre (Num and Deut), Bavli, Midrash Agada and even some Tosefta.
so at the badness of it all -— there
- If I drink a lot of water in the morning/afternoon I have been feeling less bloated. and if I drink all that water I have to drink earlier in the day I don't have to get up and go to the bathroom through the night.
I took a wide egg noodle (Amish) and boiled the entire bag (9 cups) until they were done to my likeness. Meanwhile for the butter sauce, I melted a stick of butter with a teaspoon of ground thyme and ground basil. Stirred them all together. After I drained the noodles, I returned them to the original pot and added the butter sauce. Stirred the noodles and butter together and that is all there was to the buttered noodles.
Add all the vegetables in a bowl, drizzle over the olive oil and mix to coat well. Pour onto the top of the salmon. Seal the salmon with the foil. Place the pan on the BBQ and close the lid, BBQ for approx. 20 minutes to 1/2 an hour, check every now and then. Do not overcook. Should be a light pink colour when done. Serve with whatever side you like. Enjoy!
Welcome to Mojo Monday, the contest entries where awesome! Be sure to check back on Tuesday to find out who won. I have designed this weeks sketch, I am a fan of designer paper and this sketch makes it possible to use up those scraps. I can't wait to see what you create!
Other - Black Pearls, Gelly Roll Glitter Pen
The research eventually led me to a local gallery which carried her work. I phoned the Buschlen Mowatt Gallery and booked a time when I would be shown the Frankenthaler work they held. I enjoyed looking at the prints they had yet knew that her best works were probably in New York.
#2 The lightest I packed in my entire life for my recent Bangkok trip. No tops at all. Only shorts. I have to admit I'm a bit picky when it comes to buy shorts, so I brought my most comfortable shorts. Tops, I don't mind as long as they are comfortable. So I didn't bring any because I wanted to buy there in BKK and instantly wear them. Of course I hid my underwears wtf.
As if I was the stupidest person
This photo was taken mid June 2011. I remember vividly how little he interacted, the lack of eye contact, how frail he seemed, how pale he was, his complete lack of muscle tone, the extreme coarseness of his very little hair, the unbelievable amount of "stuff" in his nose and ears, the dark circles under his eyes, his protruding "C" shaped spine, and the list goes on. And by many accounts, his baby house was better than lots of others. Can you even fathom the least of these that are in the worst of the worst institutions? Honestly my heart and soul can hardly bear it.
Oh, by the way, if you ever reach total enlightenment while you're drinking a beer, I bet it makes beer shoot out your nose.
I think most people with children would say the day there child was born and those with out might say a wedding day but mine is neither of those. Mine was June 1st around 4 am when my best friend walked into my arms after being away for yet another 12 months and know g that he was home for good. He had spent the 7 out of the last ten years In either Iraq or Afghanistan fighting a fight and he won't be going back ever!!
We do not fear everything, and certainly not our own shadows, foolish man. For meself, I don’t fear the wylds either. I am suspicious that they do not want the best for us, and would prefer it if we did not live upon this Isle, and I know that they do not understand us, but all that is because of what I have seen and heard and experienced – which you have not, for you have only just come among us. And I respected them just fine until they turned nasty and aggressive, and starting abusing us and calling us rats. I never disrespected their home, and still do not, for the world is my home too. All the plants and trees, creatures and seas are part of my world as much as theirs, but they treat me as if I don’t belong in the world and will somehow make it dirty and soil the water. And I have been told by one of them of how we tear down forests to build buildings and walls. But that is not the truth, for there used to be a building by the docks which was torn down to let the forest spread, and when a part of the city wall fell, it was not rebuilt, but the plants were allowed to grow.
Professor Stephen Rennicks - Professor Vaari Claffey
A solid show, but a little bit of a spark seemed to be lacking at times. She is a better songwriter than any of The Flatlanders (and that’s saying quite a lot), but their stage presence and overall exuberance gave them the upper hand in my opinion. I think Lucinda Williams only problem last night was that she got knocked off stride by a West Texas storm that blew in from Lubbock, and never really recovered.
Next time
A B-24 Named “The Witchcraft”
These latter would include not only race hustlers like Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson but also lesser known people in the media, in educational institutions and elsewhere who hype grievances and make all the problems of blacks the fault of whites. Some of these people may think that they are doing a favor to blacks. But it is no favor to anyone who lags behind to turn their energies from the task of improving and advancing themselves to the task of lashing out at others.
Proton can rely on bigger automotive players to not only invest money in the national carmaker, but also to lend research and development (R&D) capabilities, something which DRB-Hicom can not offer.
Young said Edwards assured her the arrangement was legal: “I heard Mr. John Edwards tell me on the phone that he checked with the campaign lawyers and this is legal. ‘Get the money in.’ He was very short and very angry.”
Bradley Headstone, in his decent black coat and waistcoat, and decent
And I hope Horndaddy remembers me with a big bushel of bullets and extra wheelbarrows of cash that I get from the Triangle off Doom.
Kyle and I have been on a quest for awesome banh mi sandwiches since we moved to Austin. We assumed this would be an easy feat, considering Austin has truly wowed us in many different food categories, namely the obvious: barbecue, Tex-Mex, authentic Mexican, burgers. Which happen to be some of our very favorites. One oddity — pizza doesn’t appear to be as huge down here as it is in the Northeast. We’ve found some great places (Home Slice, East Side Pies, Firefly food truck), but they just don’t pop up as frequently. Makes me want to give Boston and New York a big kiss for the many brick ovens they’ve blessed us with.
i am unbreakable.
Just like today's project, so easy, so simple, but so cute and pretty too!
Last night (40 days later), first and second places went to British rowers who arrived in Barbados 26 minutes apart - with the next boat more than 100 nautical miles away.
I wasn't prepared for that. I was hopeful that I'd get to meet with both Ruthie and Eli's birthmothers, but at that point I didn't have confirmation that it would be happening at all. And I'd been told that if it did happen it would be on Thursday.
Few examples of Anshik Manglik Dosh are :
He married Martha Coetzee and in 1904, like many other fighters in the war, he traveled to St Louis to perform in the Boer War Show at the Exposition. The show was taken to Coney Island where it went bankrupt, stranding its players in New York without finances. Many of the Boers in the show settled in the United States.
I recommend that you write down these interjections (the bubble-letter-words that are shown during the movie), take them to school, and then copy them into your Parts of Speech folder. If you’re reading this from school, you probably can’t view the YouTube video, due to our school’s video blockers. (Sorry!) You’ll need to copy your interjections from a classmate, the next time you get a chance to work on your Parts of Speech folder.
East Tennessee is!
Sorry. I know sporadic posting is really annoying. I just don't have much to say on the ol' blog these days. After all, it was all about angst in the beginning and there's just not a lot of angst going around the house these days. Here's a quick update, though.
Dark Ale
Peter called me from his car on his way home to thank me once again for a very interesting evening. I said “interesting???” is that what you call it? He laughed and said it really was and that it was finally nice to put faces to those he’d heard about and assured me it wasn’t uncomfortable for him at all. I asked him why did he think they’d all decided before ever meeting him that they didn’t like him? He said they were jealous, that he and I had become friends without them being involved and that I respected his professional opinion and was life coaching with him. I said “jealous? of me? – that just can’t be!”.
Motion lasts unassisted with a gentle push
Hi everyone !
The town of Rigby had been built piecemeal over the years. It nestled itself uncomfortably in a sheltered escarpment not quite the archetypal seaside town it purported to be. But it did its best. Its architecture ran the full gamut from the seventeenth century on, though you’d be hard pushed to call what remained from that time Georgian. They were functional cottages when they were built; practical. Now, they were empty, but no one would commit to doing away with them out of some misplaced sentimentality. Most of the residential part of the town was of solid Victorian stock, though they’d been building ever since. It always smelled of paint and seaweed. It had a cenotaph with eighty-three names on it (eighty-four if you counted the graffito), a sizeable park complete with pitch and putt, a duck pond (but no ducks) and a statue of someone long-forgotten covered in bird-do. There were public baths, innumerable guest houses and B&B’s, a retirement home or two and a Town Hall, with a library grafted on at the rear. Its promenade was an austere place on days like this, when the holiday crowd was back working away wherever they came from. Most of the shops had been boarded up for the winter and it seemed like winter was getting earlier every year and lasting longer. He half-expected that one year they’d forget to open up at all and no one would notice. The shorefront was comprised of a huge arc bordered by a great stone wall a yard across. He’d walked the length of that more times than he cared to remember.
26. Boys don’t hog the phone.
One should remember that in the antebellum literary marketplace, travel writing was far more of a going concern than it may be today. Whether for entertainment or investment, readers were purchasing information about unknown or scarcely known regions of the planet. The world was yet to be fully conquered, or processed, by its literature, but the perversity of The Encantadas (1854) is that it confounds this imperialistic advance. The collection was initially marketed as a return to form for Melville, or rather, as a return to the sort of travel writing which had made his name (it was widely assumed to be written by him, although it was published pseudonymously). The Encantadas was one of Melville’s few commercial successes following Moby Dick, but there is a ringing irony – almost approaching sarcasm – to publishing a flowery travel narrative about a godforsaken hell-hole:
During this brief, but powerful battle, the African Blacks will virtually extinguish themselves and any other nationality, whites, coloured and Asians that are here will also be killed off. Those that do not flee will be killed anyway so VERY FEW will remain at the end.
Of course, the fundamental issues that troubled me haven’t really been resolved. Copper is still being punted about as a plaything for the large speculators decoupling it from its historical normative demand/supply forces. But the sentiment and Commitment of Traders reports both suggest that the correction here has been enough to flush out the weak hands and prepare copper for another leg up.
Strong support among liberal Democrats for Obama’s jobs record has plummeted 22 points from 53% down below a third. African Americans who believe the president’s measures helped the economy have plunged from 77% to barely half.
I vowed to myself (and to my readers - but the vow that counts is the one I made to myself!) that I wouldn't start any new projects until I finish this necklace. (The black CRAW bracelet doesn't count - it was a custom order I am getting paid for!) I really, really want to finish the fringe necklace, and the rest of my zombies! But I come in everyday, and see the fringe necklace lying there, and just inwardly groan. I am not doing it right. I am not making the necklace I want, and I can't figure out how to make it work.
This 100 word drabble turned out a little softer than I’d originally planned, but I still like it. Hope you do too.
Well, I'm back with another calendar I made with one of my Tilda stamps. If you want to see the one I posted previously check it out here.
Due to scheduling conflicts I go back on Wednesday, instead of Friday, for my 39 week appointment. Hoping for more progress by then.
In other words, just substitute the “r” for an “s” at the end of each word.
DAP has only 15 candidates in the polls. Their average age is only 39 compared to SUPP whose candidates average out to 57.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. and set oven rack in lower center.
on this desk
Congratulations to Ghassimu and his family.
Also - I've said over and over to our families that we really don't look forward more than one week at a time. We do plan things out in the future and it goes into our long-term calendar but we just deal with one week at a time. When I start looking at everything that needs to be done in the next month, I get worked up and filled with anxiety so I ignore the tray. And having a plan makes Type A crazy organized people like me feel like I can make it, no problem.
Here is a photo from inside, on the side opposite the entrance way (seen at the end of the room):
“If you look at my career graph in last few months, I have been making a conscious effort to be seen with lesser heroes around me”, he smiles, “I have been seen in four hero films and also three hero films. Off late, I am also making progress on being a part of two hero films. Soon it should be time to solo too!”
We went in, and they were wearing down heroic Shannox while I ran around collecting shards. I got them, formed a focus, and I put it down, the spear hit it–and me. I never got healed and died right next to the charged focus. I asked for a rez, but my mic was broken and no one saw it in raid chat. By the time I got rezzed, the focus was gone, and the boss was dying. I was really upset.
Transfer a call between mobile and headset.
Two years have passed since I began playing acro. It’s a verb more than it is an adjective anyways, because flying and and pressing and inversions are things you do and playtime requires that you do them often, with a light spirit and an open mind. I have been blessed to partner up with Trevor Dye, an Acro Yoga teacher trained in Montreal, who continues to push and inspire me in the different sequences we flow through. It’s been a beautiful, challenging commitment already with one another, rooted in both passion for movement and the desire to perform and enjoy being in the element. I, being technically a beginner, have learned some incredible lessons, physically and spiritually.
Of course, there was one thing standing in the way of my Love Trilogy dreams. Ironically, that one thing was the word 'love'. Because while my mother was gradually resigning herself to my SVH obsession, she still had her standards. And any book with the word 'love' in the title was, in her opinion, 'too old' for me and therefore a book she would not pay for. Luckily, in a rare display of generosity, my BFF bought me the box set for Christmas, and so I spent a merry two days over the festive season that year immersed in what I thought was the best trilogy EVER.
Once upon a time in a land far, far away … Actually, it was at le Baron which, though may feel like a different planet to those not accustomed to French late-night hipster hangouts, isn’t actually very far away at all. Lolita Lempicka hosted a party to celebrate the launch of her new perfume “Le premier parfum.” Lempicka joined her daughters to fête the whimsical and sexy scent at a low-key bash Wednesday night. The fruity fragrance features “fleur de réglisse” (or licorice flower, but doesn’t it sound prettier and sexier in French?) plus echoes of lemon zest, apricot nectar, black cherry with almond and vanilla, Iris and Jasmine.
It’s important that we all understand God’s heart behind it. He’s not begging. He’s not poor. He’s also not limited by our lack of generosity. However, the system that He’s set up is that the church survives off of the faithful generosity of the local congregation.
Creme gave a little nod, eyes wide. Her mom had told her about Orcs before. Long before she was born, her mom used to live in Stormwind but then the Orcs had come from the south with a great army. It was too big for the humans to stop them and they destroyed all the towns and cities they came across, including the biggest city, the capital of Stormwind. Her mom and her family had to run away, way up North to the kingdom of Loderan. A lot of people from the Southern kingdoms had to go there to avoid the Orcs, her mom had said. That’s where she had met dad. And when all the humans worked together to build an new army, they beat the Orc horde. That’s when they went to rebuild Stormwind, and her mom and dad also came down to help build the city.
This is just a simple update on my Create It. Control It. Own It. challenge. I'm losing weight, feeling good and being optimistic!
See you next Wednesday!
The name sounds frightening yet your music is so lovely: discuss!
His stock is rising...for now.
Jello & Mango Tapioca Milk
The place had a large ceiling and was spacious. I waited and waited for the service to start but being confined to my tiny chair, my mind began to wander. The first thing I noticed was that I smelled breath. Not bad breath necessarily- just breath and come to think about it, it had to be somewhat bad if I'm writing about this now.
Dequan spent most of computer time imitating dance moves and usually in a more convincing fashion than the girls. As a matter of fact, we at the club had been trying to get him into a local performing arts school because he was such a good dancer. Dequan’s favorite pastime was doing the splits—anywhere and everywhere in ways that seemed both physically impossible and immensely painful. Dequan’s idol was Beyonce and all of his close friends in the club and at school were girls. If you spoke to Dequan for more than a couple minutes it was abundantly clear that he was gay. Not only that, the other boys in the school had recently realized it and 11 year old Dequan was already being bullied frequently. I had to kick kids out of club on numerous occasions for calling him a “fag” and other gay epithets. Dequan was a really sensitive boy and the slightest conflict would reduce him to those angry, persecuted tears that little kids are so good at producing. We could all see the way this story would play out, which is why getting him into a performing arts school and a culture that is accepting of young GLBT men and women was so important. I left Cincinnati to come to Baltimore for graduate school this fall so I don’t know if Dequan made the switch, but I hope he did.
Ps 118:17 I shall not die, but live, and declare the works of the Lord.
Next place gelatin sheet in warm water. when it becomes soft. Slowly sieve the gelatin in to the mango pulp. Make sure mango pulp is in room temperature, else gelatin will firm if mango pulp is cold.
Could the economy function?
For a movie whose cast is made up of 10 big-name stars (0r more depending on your definition), the 1967 James Bond spoof movie Casino Royale, was one major let-down. The DVD of this flick has sat on my shelf unwatched for seven years despite my being convinced that the cast line-up promised endless laughs. But watching it this weekend with my grandmother, the convoluted plot and drawn-out nonsensical ending led her to comment, “This is kind of dumb.”
This novel may be short at 200 pages, but it’s dense in description. The two women are at the centre of it, and at first, I found it hard to distinguish between their two voices, so intertwined are their lives. Soon however, all was clear, and the humour underneath was beginning to come through, such as in the quotes below:
Here are some of their thoughts:
recently revived by Suede). In "Eat the Music", she
01/04/2011 BUY 0.02 xauusd 1388.655
That’s about all that’s been going on this weekend.
Reaching up to caress her boobs
For whatever it is dey do.
I loved the fireworks sticker sheet but wanted to add some bling to them so I cut each loop of three braided daisies, used Diamond Stickles (on the red daisy) and Navy Blue Stickles (on the blue daisies) to bling them up and used a glue dot to adhere the transformed daisies to the centers of each firework sticker!
The captain reveals one last thing: Tania’s personality was edited too, deliberately, long before she even joined the Survey. Hopefully that will be sort of shocking to someone. Tania has unbeknownst to the Captain, made one final backup of herself so that she can hang on to all the clues she’s gathered about It’s perfidy.
Yesterday I went to the Student Involvement Center to get my wristband and check out what’s happening at UND. I was particularly interested in what the graduate students could get involved in. Greek life seems to be a big thing at UND, as it should be. Other opportunities that caught my eye were all of the interest-based organizations ranging from cycling to knitting. I had no idea the extent of organizations in Grand Forks. I am looking forward to getting more involved with the judicial branch of Student Government, as well as the Young Professional group in Grand Forks. This was an enjoyable wristband to obtain!
That’s the dare. Are you sufficiently committed to your beliefs to take it?
Jars. Canning jars for canning but any ole jar will work for dehydrated food. Most of my canning jars have been purchased second hand. I just make sure that they are not chipped. If I had my druthers I would purchases some TATLER reusable canning jar lids and use them for those foodstuffs I know I will be using just for myself and not giving as gifts.
My jaw dropped when I saw those images. One piece of the booth that I couldn’t forget was a piece of art:
of that
And now for one of my (in)famous brief asides.
Enervated, enfeebled and effete,
The Thief Lord by Cornelia Funke, The Chicken House; Reprint edition (October 1, 2003), ISBN: 043942089X
Johnny, Betty and baby Oregon lived on a huge chunk of land, in a house bigger than my school.
it’s about an underground arms dealer and her group of accomplices who are all colorful characters. then a new member joins her group and he’s just a little kid and hates guns. the story follows their dealings around the world and it’s a good read.
Home Alone ... FMC ... 8 AM
I try to “write” for at least two hours several days a week. This does not include time spent in doing research, brain storming, reading writing related blogs etc. There are times when I write for much longer, it happens when I am in the thick of a project and the ideas and words are flowing especially freely. I wish I was more disciplined about writing schedules, but life can get in the way.
Next, we have a fun Gothic art piece by Jan Hennings. Jan always amazes us with amazing altered items!
February is Women’s Heart Month, so Swoozie’s is making it our mission to help fight heart disease.
Italian
The Landscape Print dress was in high demand when it first came out. I loved it but waited patiently and a 12 popped up on ebay for 75% off retail. It's a little oversized but I don't mind that. The great thing about its forgiving shape is it works for a range of sizes. I don't imagine a significant difference between the 8, 10, and 12. The length is probably longer the higher up in size you go. It is silk, unlined, and very thin (almost sheer) so I tend to wear a slip with it. It has pockets, billowy 3/4 length sleeves, and a zip back. Because the dress is cut with a flowy, tent shape. I either layer it, belt it, or wear it to a buffet dinner.
Sharing this piece and the rather special one below for my nieces, Sunday Sketches and the perfectly appropriate Illustration Friday theme of Duet.
fastboot devices
Today marks my last day of blogging everyday for a month as part of the National Blogging for A Month contest. I decided to do this from a place of inspiration and was so inspired that I decided to blog on two of my blogs everyday for the month of November! I'm happy to report that I did just that. Granted, the "requirements" were that we post something--anything--everyday for a month, so each post didn't have to be a work of art.
I cannot dissuade her.
This is a very useful data, where one can see that 63.3% think that Hiring via networking sites is an emerging trend. This is a positive response and has a bright future.
because they have to re shoot all the scenes with the another actress and will lead to nothing else just to increase films budget.But Genelia D Souza has Vanished all the rumors by saying that she had left the film because dates were clashing with Navdeep Singh’s film which is starring Abhay Deol and it was not possible for Genelia D Souza to do both the movies together. Thats why she had opted to move out of the film Bol Bachchan.
Whenever I write a general attack on liberals, I can count on hearing from someone who denies my contentions by pointing out, say, that he himself is not for gun control or that he recognizes that Nancy Pelosi isn't exactly Mother Teresa. Although I always try to reply in courteous fashion, in my head, I'm thinking, "Well, duh."
Turn your speakers on, we're playing tribute to Davy Jones. It's a sad day--one that reminds us how young and carefree we once were. I will always remember the Monkees, Davy Jones was my favorite...he graced the cover of many a dog-eared Sixteen and Tiger Beat magazine, and was the subject of THE go-to kissable poster in numerous pre-teen bedrooms (mine included).
26th of August would at least give us a few weeks after summer camp to get him back into the swing of things and undo the backsliding.
So, why not carry this concept further? Why do people need to take the 5, 10 or 15 minutes to get to their departure gate on foot? Why not have the convenience of cycling to the gate? Then, on arrival at the next airport and after that long period of bodily inactivity, an opportunity would be available to get the blood moving by cycling to the baggage area.
I am going to use this in the dressing.
The TARDIS is an integral part of the Doctor Who series; more or less, it’s a spaceship that can travel through time and space. I’ve really gotten into Doctor Who in recent months and I’ve been doing a lot of Doctor Who crafts: papercraft, 2D perler, cross stitch, and now 3D perler. As a side note, if anyone’s interested in a cross stitched TARDIS (or anything else) let me know and we can talk prices, I absolutely love commissioned work!!
“Must’ve been some camping trip.” The man said evenly. “And I don’t know what happened. I don’t think anyone does. You just need to calm down.”
LOVE AND KISSES by Jean Ure
This is both scary and exciting for authors, whose stories and words will be able to shine - or not shine - without the distractions of beautiful typesetting or an artistic cover. When a book is stripped bare by an e-reader, those authors who write what readers want to read need not be scared at all, because their words and stories will still be in demand. The best sellers of the digital age will not necessarily be the “selected” best sellers you see piled in the front of WH Smith that sell because, like a mountain to be climbed, they are there and you trip over them. They'll be the books that sell because people talk about them and can easily order their choices from a POD machine or online, without having to wait for the publisher, distributor and bookseller to get their act together.
Annie’s sister Erin (just behind Conor) ate a taco, didn’t remark once about the spice and claimed to enjoy it. Conor on the other hand was seen sprinting into the kitchen with tears streaming down his face and came out with a pint of milk. To his credit, he ended up trying it a second time and eventually added smaller amounts to other tacos he made. Buschy tried a bite, chewed with his eyes closed and then said it was “good” and didn’t eat anymore. Pretty standard. Oh and “tacos de buche” means pig stomach tacos in case you haven’t figured that out yet.
Friday: assessment and fun content-related activity; HW: 30 minutes reading
Here are some pictures of the happy salesmen: (I told them to show me what success looks like)
And, there you have it, folks. That’s my k. He buys a book on how to organize his office to be more productive and not have to spend every week cleaning his, and then he loses the book. Probably in his office. Really?! Only k.
If you lost your sight tomorrow how would you express your creativity?
We're taking turns in trying to pass them on
Another, and probably the most troublesome element of writing dialogue for me is keeping “voice.” Each character has his or her own voice… and one of the main pitfalls of writing fiction is losing that voice. Somehow my cool, stoic Casanova, upon waking to find his one-night stand getting dressed to leave, sits up and says something like, “I really had a good time last night. I hope you did too. When will we see each other again?” Upon re-reading, I realize how out-of-place this is. My stoic womanizer would not say anything of the sort. No, he would light a cigarette, squint through the smoke and say, “You goin’?”
I feel bad
I finally got a chance to make this soup again to pay tribute to him for being such a fantastic friend. I remembered his mum in Poland mentioning something about making the soup with a starter as described by Tasty Colours. However, I did not have the luxury to make the starter ahead of time; so I proceeded without it. I also made the uszka filling with oyster mushrooms because they are so much meatier. Together, with the soup, they worked like a charm. Just make sure you don’t get stains from the beets though. =)
* 1 Package of Lace Ribbon
A Momentary Creed
But this little boy, well, it was hard to tell if he was even alive.
I would also take any and all of the millions of books on my to-read list. What is up with all the new awesome books coming out before I can get to the old awesome books?? (But don't stop coming out, new awesome books!)
It is not clear if the conventicles which were mentioned in the proclamation are listed in chronological order. Shields’ narrative of the events in the Life of Renwick is also of limited use in establishing a chronology, as it discusses the proclamation, which named the sites at Black Loch (June 1684), Woolf-hole-craigs (?, 1684) and Greenock (early August 1684), after an account of how Renwick avoided capture at a ‘Hill called Darngavel’. From Renwick’s letters, we know that he escaped at Dungavel Hill on 30 July 1684. (Houston, Letters, 163; Shields, Life of Renwick, 54-5; Wodrow, History, IV, 51; Jardine, ‘United Societies’, I, 65, 74.)
After so many posts of beautiful ladies and divas of past decades you might think i´m stuck in those past decades too, but i have to confess i also get fashion and style inspirations from some (but very few) nowadays celebs. Mostly artists of the music business , because beside fashion music is my other big drug and i couldn´t survive not one day wihtout it, i also love so many different styles that i decided to share more of my music inspirations with you.
I heard on the radio the other day that one of the reasons that young people aren't getting as much exercise these days is because their over-protective parents don't want them to go out. It's too risky. This is very silly - young people have to have adventures.
The site also contains other information on things like aspartame and flouride.
Add all ingredients except for noodles to crock pot and let simmer on low all day. 1 hour before serving add cooked macaroni noodles.
Some may say, “Father, you often write of trying times in your priesthood – misunderstandings, unhappy work situations and other challenges in your work in the Church.” That is correct! As I look back over 68 years, I am glad that I never had perfect control over the happenings in my life. The dark side of daily living gave me the chance to turn to the Lord passing by and beg Him for help in a hundred different ways.
3. Spread into prepared pan and bake for 25 to 30 minutes. Brownies are done when they have a paper thin layer across the top, set in the middle and a toothpick inserted comes out clean. Move baking pan to a wire rack and let cool in pan completely.
The Aventine Press contract is pretty straightforward and like most author solutions services using POD (print on demand), it offers a non-exclusive contract; within that contract are particular occurrences resulting in Aventine Press providing a disgruntled author with a full refund. What is also key to the ‘holding rights’ of Aventine Press is the fact that the company is one in a few who give back the production files on a cd when the fee has been paid, the book designed and set up and made available to online sales channels and listed for distribution. In a nutshell, if the author decides to go elsewhere, all their investment in their book is not lost, leaving them to start from scratch with another company.
Honestly, this angel food cake is THE BEST THING I HAVE EVER MADE! It was perfect. Light, fluffy, sweet…everything you want an angel food cake to be. Oh my gosh…it’s perfection. Top it with the strawberries and homemade whipped cream and you really will think that you are in Heaven. I don’t think that there is a way to fully describe the deliciousness that is this cake. Just make it and see for yourself.
Zygoatsis took to the stage with all the usual ferocity their brand of ‘Warmageddon’ metal musters. They play blackened death metal, only pausing from the blast beat mayhem to build up a bridge or two, just so the next volley of blasting seems all the more brutal. The noise came thick and fast, with that dirty black metal-esque rolling dirge you can only get with two guitars. The fans loved it and I thought they played a good set. Not quite as stellar as I have seen them, but still rip-roaring nonetheless. 4 fists.
Don’t look back.
Iron:1.4mg
Whose ruggie brow, had bidden many a shower,
We quickly explained that it was a disagreement, the only thing hurt were feelings, and it was all ok. That is was okay to disagree with one another, but we talked about it and worked it out.
There’s real tension here and real questions about the role of the captain. Decker is convinced he should die for making a decision that caused his crew to perish, while Kirk thinks that’s madness. Decker’s madness, however, gives them the idea to defeat the seemingly undefeatable machine.
There were other problems with the demonstration with between 50-100 pseudo-anarchist youth attempted to breach the fence and get into the conference centre, which then led to a long confrontation with the police which was eventually separated off from the main demonstration. This clearly resulted from the frustration at the relative inaction from the demonstration organisers in my view and will only continue and the trend will increase unless a clear strategy to defeat the cuts is put forward.
I'm heading into the lions den tonight, but I'm also heading into a lot of love.
The next morning Jonah and Cindy are in town, turning the remains in to the sheriff and collecting the bounty. Cindy is excited that she'll be able to ride with Hex but just then a man and woman run up and start hugging Cindy, saying that she was a runaway. Cindy's dad starts to give Hex a reward for finding their daughter, but Jonah shrugs him off, still counting his reward from bringing in the killers.
I've been on a malt kick recently. Bocks, Doppelbocks, Oktoberfests - anything a bit more malty. I really liked the Hofbrau Maibock, but I also like Ayinger's beers. Time for and Ayinger Maibock clone. The original recipe called for Hersbrucker and I had to substitute Mt. Hood. I went straight to keg out of the primary and thought it was still too sweet. I let it sit in the keg in the beer closet for an extra month to dry out a bit more.
HELLO FOLKS WE ARE PLEASED TO ANNOUNCE WE HAVE LAUNCHED A WEBSITE EXTRAORDINAIRE!!
it is your Love and your alone that has given me these and oceans of mercy aplenty
Of course, that leaves out Courtney Upshaw. I was expecting the Jets to take him at No. 16, but when that didn’t happen, he fell all the way out of the first round. I feel bad for him since he traveled to New York City for the show and didn’t have his name called last night, but whoever gets him in round two gets a beast. Upshaw will play a long time in the League.
-Lila
“She loves Chanel Bois Des Iles. Do you carry it?” he asked.
Tuesday: Treadmill. 1 mile warm up, 1200 @ 7:40 w/ 400 recovery jog, 2×800 @ 7:20 w/ 200 recovery jog, 4×200 @ 6:40 w/ 200 recovery jog, 1 mile cool down
1/2 tsp vanilla essence
I wanted this to have a Vintage Steampunk look to it. But it looks more like a Vintage Victorian look ;)
Luke 24:37-43 "They were startled and frightened, thinking they saw a ghost. He said to them, 'Why are you troubled, and why do doubts rise in your minds? Look at my hands and my feet. It is I myself! Touch me and see; a ghost does not have flesh and bones, as you see I have.' When He had said this, He showed them His hands and feet. And while they still did not believe it because of joy and amazement, He asked them, 'Do you have anything here to eat?' They gave Him a piece of broiled fish, and He took it and ate it in their presence.'"
George Fonts/Shapes - Stars
I've already got several bottles lined up, from the likes of Pen-lon, Celt Experience, Neath Ales,and more from the Purple Moose and Vale of Glamorgan breweries.
–FOX SPARROW, same, same.
THEN, there are a host of other programs that are content-specific that I will summarize next week.
You've probably guessed that I'm into art, and that I like clothes...so, combining these two interests into one fantastic celebrity is...Colleen Atwood!
Black hair takes a lot of time to do. Even if you want to go for a simple ponytail, unprocessed Black hair will not go happily. It requires (years of) brushing. Brush, and brush, and ... isn't it done yet? For corn-rows and twists, you're probably looking at an hour and up. For braids, somewhere around 5 hours- with weaves somewhere in between. But it can last quite a while. If you tie it down to sleep in corn-rows can last from a week and up. Braids and weaves usually around a month. When you take out braids or a weave, they can be washed and reused. Which reminds me, you CANNOT wash Black hair every day. It will break and drop out. I think most Black females wash their hair once a week or every two weeks.
5.) Led Zeppelin - Communication Breakdown - Page stole Whole Lotta Love from Willie Dixon; at least here I don't know who he nicked it from (I still love the thieving bastard).
We would have been wise to put those towels on first!
I can't imagine why everybody in the German-speaking world is suddenly google image searching lighthouses, and then clicking on the link to my blog.
Comments from the gang:
They call it ‘heat’ while I try to remain brave,
You know it's fake as hell (as opposed to a drama or even a documentary), but it still gets under your skin. It still rocks you, as it were.
Yes, I have the sweetest kids in the world, they actually like my cooking!! Bless their hearts.
He was called King of the Jews.
Leave the link in a comment letting me know you did this.
We also got to hang out with cousin Charleigh quite a bit as well! We had a great time (despite that terrible South Florida heat.)
TOURE is an American novelist, essayist, music journalist, cultural critic, and television personality based in New York City. His most recent book is a collection of interviews and essays, Who’s Afraid of Post Blackness? He is also the author of the essay collection Never Drank the Kool-Aid, the novel Soul City, and the short story collection The Portable Promised Land. He is the host of Fuse's Hiphop Shop and On The Record and an MSNBC contributor. His writing has appeared in Rolling Stone, where he is a contributing editor, TIME Magazine, The New Yorker, The New York Times, The Believer, and other publications. His work has also been featured in several anthologies, including The Best American Essays, The Best American Sportswriting, and The Da Capo Best Music Writing.
That’s what I’ve got spinning. What are you listening to?
But now I know why
1 instructor
When I first started it I was still a little on the fence - I mean, really? I did vampires and werewolves and even thought that was a stretch for me. Now I'm going to be reading some sci-fi stuff about kids killing each other? Yeah, OK. But as I got further into the book I found myself wanting to know what was going to happen. And then Peeta! And Katniss and Peeta! And ahhhhh!
Leading off
They’ve sort of added multiplayer to Skyrim via the game’s new Kinect voice-control update. Not real multiplayer. Not the kind that lets two people play the game together or against each other. No, they’ve simply added voice commands. But when a friend barges in on your gaming session and yells “ally attack” and then “quicksave” while you’re just visiting a town, well, you get the best kind of griefing that you usually can only get from multiplayer games.
It would be a fascinating exercise to see what happens if all of the sudden all employees were given equal wages as their bosses. Or given a sum of money that would effectively support them in their basic survival needs, such as food, housing, etc…God, imagine the people standing up and saying till here no further to the current working conditions they are being subjected to – This will be a good indication of the extent of Economic Slavery that is taking place – Likely the majority of fast food workers will leave there post – Probably many physical labours also would just “walk out” finally being “released” from the unequal conditions they are subject to simply because of their economic position in society. In many cases positions that they were born into, that they were destined to from birth, perhaps born into families with already low income, thus no chance at education/higher learning – And what do we do with these individuals – We use them as SLAVES because they are so close to running out of money each month that they are willing to work at shit jobs for shit pay, doing the dirty work of the ones who have money. I don’t know if I have come across a better definition of PURE EVIL. Human Nature in its disregard towards life as equals has become Pure Evil.
So now the pink shows thru the open cut heart in the tag... I then cut out " I love you" for the Lyrical letters cartridge at 3.47" on the gypsy.. I run a little dotting action around the heart to make it stand out a little more..
There's a new NaPro Dr at one of my facilities. We have been blessed to "hit it off" immediately, and about 2 months into our work/friend relationship I discovered she had been reading my blog for years. Ha! In either event, I offered to help her train to do the NaPro ultrasound series, the way PPVI and our Center does it (veeeeeery particularly) on me as a test patient. As it turned out, she got back from her 2nd education phase at PPVI just in time for my baseline. And so, we started. Last week.
Perhaps I just need to take things slower with her - do more hacking and only (eventually) ask for more collection in short spells. I don't know. I guess first of all, I have to concentrate on keeping her sound as she comes back into work. The vet will come out again in eight weeks to have another look. I will build up her exercise, keep up the physio and the yoga and see how we get on.
John thought to put a finger up to his mouth in a “shhh” kind of way, but he feared the results of the police officer’s confusion. He walked away from the Mustang, hoping to take any loud noises with him.
A few more days to labor and wait,
H - I’m just saying you have similar physique to Oliver Hardy.
www.StarAir.us .
Santorum: those guys are idiots
Kinda makes me wonder how some of the teenage denizens of 1979 woulda held up to a CLOCKWORK ORANGE-styled listening session consisting of some of the harsher aspects of what was passing under that "vague rubric" (copyright 1985 Robert Christgau) of new wave that was being hawked via a larger underground cabal than anybody up there on the surface would dare admit existed. Yeah I know...at least we could dream...
The investigator concluded Christopher Lasseter had "hunkered down" in what seemed to be an attempt to avoid further questioning.
Our passage begins that evening, when 10 of the 11 remaining disciples gather together in a secluded room. (Remember that Judas, the betrayer, committed suicide on Good Friday.) For some unspecified reason Thomas (or Didymus, ’the Twin’) is not among them (verse 24). Verse 19 indicates the characteristics of our churches today:
Nola’s wardrobe issue takes place on an entirely different playing field. Her and I were picking out a sun dress for a birthday party. I told her I thought she looks cute in her yellow seersucker. “Oh no MJ, I’ve already worn that one in Connecticut….but I haven’t worn this pink one since Philadelphia, so I should wear this one.” Jackie Bouvier did attend school here, but I did not anticipate her influence by mere osmosis. Seriously, is she concerned she may be photographed for the Society page of the New York Times wearing the same dress twice?
Trendwise, as we move from bright color and glossy finishes toward more organic based palettes,
you don't know
1 small yellow bell pepper, chopped
(Excluding text stamps, that would be a third stamp)
The trio of girls sang “(Your Love Keeps Lifting Me) Higher and Higher” and sounded ok enough.
The accountant asks, "What does chicken farming have to do with being a prostitute?"
Notice the gnarly looking area where the clouds at the right being pushed and the dark to light are more contrast into vertical up and down. Well this is a satellite image of exactly the direct result of a ARM site in the far south Indian Ocean with cloud movement away from the blast site. Now what happens with incoming cloud formations? We see them stacking moving away, seems just as likely as the stacking will take place when cloud water vapor is moving towards the radar microwave sites causing mega storms to appear out of thin air. Mega storms with highly excited atoms of H2O2, with updrafts, downdrafts, rotation all easily made into the clouds!http://naturalrain.wordpress.com/2012/04/01/antipodesorographicallyglobal-atmosphere-watch/
We finally pry ourselves away from the island Koh Lanta (click link) and head a bit further north to Krabi. Krabi has a few attractions, is near several popular tourist beaches and is a launching pad for going to Phi Phi Islands (pronounced P. P.).
So have you heard of this magazine called Forbes?
First, something qualifies as a naturalistic explanation just in case it is empirically verifiable and proposing it does not commit one to any supernatural cause or causal agency.
Moms and food go together. We imagine moms making chocolate chip cookies to go with the milk for the after school snack. Jewish mothers, Italian mothers, and many others stereotypically encourage even their grown children to eat more. Cooking food is how they show their love for you, eating more of what they cook is proof that you love them. In some families dads and food go together, too. Food is not just about calories and fuel for our bodies. The messages that go into the bowl along with the soup are many and complex.
Cabbies
As if that wasn’t weird enough . . . if your partner has been forgetful lately, or seems to be losing a lot of things—including her memory—it may be because her brain is shrinking*. Yep. Anita Holdcroft, an English anesthesiologist, found during pregnancy, women’s brains actually get 3 to 5 percent smaller.
This article below was in my email the other day. It’s a brilliant, inspirational piece from “Inner Space” in Covent garden.
NOTE-The verdict is in....this pizza was a hit!
fought from these windows
That said, I have nothing to do this coming weekend and will be baking. So you have photos from a new kitchen to look forward to! Isn't that worth the wait?!
Green Turtle Trench guarded one of Earth’s stable populations of dolphin and basking shark. And shark city was where she was headed—if only for one night. She studied the approaching shore, knowing Tom planned to bring her back in his own boat. Nice of him. The old guy had asked his niece-–his nearest relative-–to check out an offer from a consortium to run a shark center here. Sounded like fun. Paradise for him—a shark man from way back. Green Turtle looked as placid as ever–not a sign of this new project he described. Maybe she’d adapted to change.
So things went great for a couple of weeks, and then I finally decided I might be able to not hyperventilate at the thought of calling someone my boyfriend. So we made it official, and things were great... for four days. He suddenly got really busy, work was really stressful, and the gym and tannning and laundry (no, he's not from Jersey Shore) were taking up a lot of his time. I finally laid it out on the table, I'm not going to compete for my "boyfriend"'s time with free weights and dryer sheets. He apologized and promised to come over the next night so we could have dinner and watch a movie. He was supposed to be here at 6:30, but didn't show up until 10. The next morning, he kissed me goodbye, said he'd call me when he got to work, walked out the door, and that is the last I've heard from him since.
Huge baggy items with strange assorted zippers, buckles and belts were the order of the
Anton looked at me, face straight, eyebrows raised. “This is her name?”
3 pounds peeled baking potatoes, cut into 1/8-inch-thick slices
Yes, I said “winter” even thought it is July. Remember, gentle reader, that I am now currently south of the Equator and (recalling your 5th grade science classes) the seasons are reversed from the Northern Hemisphere. This means I will have no autumn in the year 2011. I lived in the States from January to July going through winter then spring then summer and then I jumped straight to winter when we all made the move to Peru. Come September, I will move back into spring and then summer will arrive for me in December.
Beginning our journey this Saturday in Barcelona, Spain...my first order of business is to pop open a bottle of Spanish Red Wine, dance the Flamingo and try to get the rabid Barcelona football (read: Soccer) fans to get their sets ready for real American Football during the AFC & NFC Championships.
Most adults in our society today have been sufficiently indoctrinated to be able to take steps, often unconsciously, to avoid putting themselves in a situation where they may enter the 'PC danger zone' and say something which could result in them being branded a 'racist', but young children have not yet generally been so conditioned, despite the worst intentions of the staff at Griffin Primary School and their ilk.
It was an Egyptian immigrant who shot up the El-Al Airlines terminal in Los Angeles in 2002. It was a Pakistani immigrant who shot up the Seattle Jewish Federation in 2006. It was an Arab neighbor who cut the throat of and mutilated Sébastien Selam, a 23-year old Jewish DJ in Paris, in 2003. It was a gang of African immigrants who kidnapped, tortured and killed the 23-year-old and Jewish Ilan Halimi in a Paris suburb, in 2006. It was the British-born son of Pakistani immigrants, Ahmed Omar Saeed Sheikh, who decapitated Daniel Pearl in 2002.
Monday: fish fingers (GF), scampi, chips and peas
I do have cross country skis, and I have skied a few times in that style. So I lugged my rugged weekend wear into the office, skis, boots, hats, wool longjohns, etc, so that I could catch the bus to the trip later this afternoon.
But the financial reform bills moving around committees in the Senate and House won’t break up the big banks or even re-establish a separation between broker-financiers and plain-vanilla banks that served us well from the FDR years until “moderate” Bill Clinton gave Wall Street free rein in 1999 when he killed the Glass-Steagall Law. His Treasury Secretary (Guess who?) Lawrence Summers was fanatically in favor of the crazy decision to fix a banking system that wasn’t broken.
Side note: Many people have asked us why James doesn't race with me. This is a sore subject in our house. My reasoning is that- and I'm sure it's not completely logical- James is GREAT in everything he does. I want to be better than him in one area, so if he never competes with me, I'll always be better than him. Right?
Find out a little more about the book from Lysa herself:
Now this is the box you want. This ones gives Maple Coins along with a Maple Weapon! You can get it from monsters around your level (oh, and speaking of which, by ‘around your level’ I mean within the range of 11 levels under yours or 21 levels higher than you).
foil
He also worked in Sudan before his posting to Pakistan.
The only recorded costs are those published on the Constabulary website under the response to a previous FOI question. Please see link for further details:http://avonandsomerset.police.uk/information/foi/QandA_Question.aspx?qid=1653. The figures quoted in that response are in respect of the staff members dedicated to FOI. However, the ‘true’ cost to the organisation is considerably higher when adding in the full resource implication of responding to an FOI request. For example, the costs of other staff identifying and collating information across the Constabulary, in addition to their normal roles, is not included in that figure and that will of course vary depending on the complexity of the question and the ease of the retrieval of the data. Due to the nature and variations within the process in the context of any individual request, these costs are not fully quantified or recorded.
Now, the thing about this picture that has my wheels spinning is not that I adore the quilt - and I do, it's really pretty - but I really love the look of it in the window. It reminds me of a stained glass window. So I thought.... why can't I make a quilt top curtain?
The ‘pinoy drummer’ saga may have sparked a massive outcry in cyberspace, but Choa Chu Kang residents seem to be taking it in their stride, at least according to five families interviewed by a local English tabloid.
Along with the Republicans who all voted this out was that traitor to the Middle Class Joe Lieberman (Asshole – CT) who is, hopefully, going to be retired at the end of his term. A vote against this bill really indicates who may be in the pockets of big corporations that refuse to pay taxes to the country they made their mark in as they give 50¢ an hour jobs to Mexicans and the Chinese. I’m beginning to think that some of the Teaparty complaints may have some validity (it’s too bad they are so stupid about so many other things.)
She then thought about her present situation. A little more than two years ago, she fell in love with a person who eventually cheated on her. This resulted in a broken heart and a mistrust which poisoned her soul completely. She chose not to trust anyone and recoiled herself in a safe cocoon. She built walls around her heart so that no one could break it again. But then came a guy, who made her realize that not everyone in this world was mean. He taught her how to stand in spite of falling. How to enjoy the warmth of sun when the clouds had slipped away. How to have faith on others when a few left her disappointed. He was the one who taught her how to laugh when the tears had subsided. In other words, he brought her back to Life again. And now, when she had just started to enjoy her life with that person, her past came and stood right in front of her. All those memories of tears and pain had resurfaced themselves. The wounds which were once healed lay now afresh.
And yet again, the South being what it is now, brought the shooter to trial 30 years later, in 1994, and this time the jury convicted. The shooter, after living free for three decades, spent the rest of his life in prison, dying incarcerated in 2001.
Likewise, the only way to make a true film today is to make it deviate from the traditional notion of the character. For example, so many of the powerful films produced today have characters which are multiple sides of the same character, shattered in fragments. A film like Death by Hanging (1967), by Nagisa Oshima, is a clear precursor of this notion. Oshima fragments the general psyche of the post-war Japanese nation into an ensemble cast so he can play the parts off each other. A character has amnesia, the others try to restore his memory by teaching him about his past, they enact it, but find they eventually need his help, the scene degrades into parody, others from outside are recruited, but then reenacting violence leads to real violence. The whole troupe shifts locations as if transported through space and time into the streets of Tokyo, onto the top of a building, then back indoors where they started. Some now see a murdered woman, others don’t, then some that didn’t originally see her begin to. She starts out as a victim of murder, but then she wakes up, and begins to call the protagonist brother, but why then does she act as if she wants to make out with him? If one tries to make sense of the film as one of madness, it is impossible to tell exactly who is mad, or perhaps if what we are seeing is some sort of collective, transindividual madness. But why then would they all have such an odd hallucination? And why do so many of them act so strangely, hyperbolically, as if parodying themselves?
PS--I was worried I might die in my sleep from a horrific brain injury (though I did wear a helmet, as always) so I called a nurse hotline. Apparently everything is OK and I should just ice my neck, take it easy, and command my boyfriend to give me "gentle massages." Sounds good to me.
I’m not so sure you were told all this! You *should* have been, but sometimes things get missed in the busy hurly burly of hospitals!
The biggest problem that psychics face and one which few sceptics appreciate is how incredibly difficult it is to interpret the information we receieve. After many years of confusing imagery and sensory information it came as a real revelation to me one day when I realised that spirit often communicate with someone psychically through the use of symbols or memories which would have some meaning to the reader. Just to make life difficult though, some symbols will only make sense to the sitter. Trying to determine which are things personal to you and which are meaningful to the sitter can be an absolute minefield of hits and misses and is one of the reasons psychics so often appear to ‘guess’ things or change their answers. Yes, some people could be fishing for information or using skilled techniques for reading the body language of the sitter, but many sceptics, such as Derren Brown with his oft quoted accusations of Cold Reading very much overestimate the talent of many people who claim to be psychic.
Why yes. Yes it is.
This is why we focus in this season on who Jesus is. Soon we will focus on what he did for us and does for us. To understand that, we focus on the Word made flesh, and the glory he revealed from within Himself, the glory of His Divine Person.
Once upon a time, God and Jesus were sitting at the table and Jesus said: "You know, Dad, there are so many different types of beans.
I will fear no evil,
The Beginning of a Dream
According to the Hollywood storyline of a team of misfits, there must be an underrated star, an ace that nobody saw coming. And Microsoft found its ace in 2007, when the company invested $240 million for a 1.6% stake of Facebook. At the time, no one — probably even Microsoft and Facebook — knew what to make of that move.
But I am not alone.
There is something to be said for a complete story in a single trade collection, like with the 12-issue collections for Watchmen and Batman: The Long Halloween. I wonder if the prominence of a work like Batman: Hush suffered because it took about five years to see an inexpensive single-volume paperback collection, and there are other self-contained stories that are still inexplicably split among several volumes.
Westmalle Trappist Dubbel
As I was unloading my items on the conveyor belt to check out, a drunk standing behind me watched as I placed the items in front of the cashier. While the cashier was ringing up the purchases, the drunk calmly stated, ‘You must be single.’
I am happy to introduce you the first tutorial and class by mail for this year.:)
corner.
(Note: I very easily doubled the recipe and all of the measurements worked out fine.)
-3/4 to 1 pound baby spinach, nice and clean
In her interview, Val explained that Sikhs are “an integral part of the American society, who work hard and love this country.”
Some may feel that our foot vendor is nothing but an opportunist, but perhaps he can also be seen as a necessary and central figure in the fantasmagorical world of New York City, where the Sirens of Convenience not only draw us in, but here, they also provide us with the Fruits of Their Labor :)
ME: I’m 27 years old… you guys don’t check that until I’m at least 30. Wait… my wife put you up to this, didn’t she?
ruffled his feathers and turned his back to Sé. Sé mirrored the gesture by
(Sarah) Now Divorce is a tricky one. My parents are divorced for 25 years now. I am thankful that their divorce was NOT messy.
Toni Buzzeo’s One Cool Friend, illustrated by Caldecott medalist David Small, was released by Dial in early January. I am loathe to ruin the ending for you before you read it yourself, so this post may seem kind of vague if you haven’t read it yet. But I enjoyed it and want to feature it, not to mention David is here to share some early sketches (and final images) from the book, and Toni is visiting as well. I’ve got my coffee cups all set out, don’t you know.
120g Cake flour
Lars Pedersen (Tenor), Kim Glies Nandfred (Tenor), Johan Reuter (Baritone),
I shall be there (Fri & Sat), along with Sammi, her DH, we sure would love you to pop by and say hi!
Just don't tell my accountant.
Oddly enough, I prefer the Kindle app, if only because Chris and I share e-books and I can loan the e-books out to friends across the country.
Bertie sat back on his hunches and assumed an expression he hoped would convey the extreme paying of attention.
whenever i watch a ballet, i am taken away first by the beauty and glamour of the ornate costuming, then by the grace and perfect execution of the ballerina's steps ... and finally, the fervor and momentum and excitement that bubble up with the increasingly dramatic music and the corresponding pirouttes ... it all seems to culminate into something beyond words.
Yes, always mention previous publications and writing qualifications. But don’t worry if you have none.
These are the kinds of odds one would hope for in Vegas, but not when you're trying to get a good copy of a DVD...jeez, the flicks I pick up at my local flea market are in better shape than this!
“I think the bartender likes you,” Jake said.
Previously the enigmatic frontwoman of electropop wonders Soft Toy Emergency, renowned on the indie circuit for their downright dirty dance antics, the band split back in 2010, but it was the only beginning for Jen, who has unleashed a phenomenal solo project under the moniker Vela. Just how phenomenal you say? Well, the DEMO for her pop chiller ‘Painkiller’ only managed to get featured on the popular Channel 4 reality show Made In Chelsea, which in itself is a solid statement as to just what kind of success lies in store for this star-in-the-making.
This, of course is a statement we are hearing more and more, as the party faithful, who have worked so feverishly to undermine our national soul, flaunt what they consider to be their victory, and seek to trump our hand with the apparent fait accompli that what they sought so hard to achieve, has come to pass.
Interesting, not “sexy”
You must remember that sound when someone tries to tell you we asked for it. You must remember that awful sound when you have doubt...when mercy tugs at your sleeve.
Where was all this cheering coming from? I looked behind me and into the second level seats where there were hundreds, if not thousands, of rabid CSUSB fans cheering as loud as they could for their Coyotes to pull off what would be a miraculous upset.
Slightly cover bottom of 5 qt dutch oven with olive oil. Heat until water drop spatters when it hits the oil. Add sliced onions and saute until translucent. Add garlic, bay leaves, rosemary, thyme, and red vinegar and stir briefly for a few minutes, then add cubed eggplant and peppers, salt and pepper to taste and toss well.
I listen and hope
Hmm, wonder which one will be the hardest?
Today seems like a good day for an intimate post about life. Life is great, but life is hard sometimes. Last week was a hard one, and this week may be tougher yet.
Project Payday is a way to make money online, but it’s probably not like anything you’ve heard about. It has nothing to do with filling out surveys, building a website or mystery shopping. So what is it? It is a method that allows you to earn money by trying out new products. For more information, keep reading this Project Payday – business.
Meet Marzipan of My 50's Year. A freelance writer and mother who has challenged herself to live as a 1950's housewife for 365 days. Unlike in those T.V specials, this is only Marzipan and not her family taking part in this challenge, and there is no special house or era appropriate props to go with it. As a self professed feminist, Marzipan has an interesting perspective on her challenges and I am hooked on her daily journal.
Maybe things have turned the corner, but the spoils of "recovery" will accrue largely to the investor class while people who work for a living will be asked to work harder for less.
Derek in particular is interested in growing different things at the plot so I didn’t hesitate to take up the offer. They arrived at the end of last week with full instructions.
Sometimes it's resting on a bed of
layered papers
I have been going through some stuff lately. Not major stuff. Just stuff. In the midst of my "stuff" I had a realization. We, as human beings are a bunch of ingrates. Here is my little story:
“Talk to me, Vern,” I answered, lurching hell-for-leather from the car park of the Time-A-While B&B and out onto Garfunkel Street with my foot jammed on the accelerator.
Today the curse was lifted!!!!
The aircraft also may be fitted with an optional forward left side fold-down flight attendant’s seat. A belted potty seat, certified for full time occupancy, also is available, thus allowing the aircraft to accommodate as many as nine passengers, if necessary.
We are all writers and we all have something to say. That something means something to someone other than just us. It could be a smile on a day where nothing goes right. It could be a wake-up call after a stormy night of slumber. It could be a slap in the face, a hand to clasp, or a cure. No matter what it is... It is something.
While we will still build portfolios to fulfill the plan that are properly diversified, correlated and such, we must understand and help coach our client that emotional tendencies overtime can blow up their plan and their portfolio. We must help them understand that bad behaviour is the biggest risk they face in building wealth.
So within an Equal Money System we now have the motivation of money removed as why one would push and persist within a particular sport, as well as motivation of fame, recognition removed from the perspective of the process of Education of Ourselves with regards to “who we are” where in Glory and Fame will in a way be no more Valid Points which are not only accepted as normal in our current system but actually pumped up and promoted as something to attain to.
And you sat down next to me
obviously, the bed will later be pushed back against the wall. i stood on the top of the bunk bed ladder to paint this all morning!
More frequent, smaller meals. Focus on incorporating exercise into daily routines
Right after topping the CPA exams, Charles was taken in by Madison and Madison – they aren’t related, it just so happened they had the same last name. He started at the bottom of Madison and Madison, slowly working his way to the top. The air was always fresher at the top, he mused one day as he entered his office. There was no one there. Charles loved coming in before everyone else. Today was no different. Oddly enough, he could hear the ticking of a clock. It didn’t really bother him at first, but when everyone started coming in, the ticking wouldn’t stop. I must be going crazy, he thought just for a moment before the daily meeting started.
Trim: May Arts
I also make food. Usually something very simple like hotdogs and then I throw in a few Halloween treats just to make things fun. This year we’re doing hotdogs, “brain dip”, halloween candy bark and just your basic chips and dip. And of course there will be candy. For drinks, we have an assortment of soft drinks, koolaid and my favorite, hot spiced Concord grape juice. Yum.
Your misunderstood enemy, Carlos Aguilar (not his actual name, to protect myself and my readers he must remain nameless)
In the opening minutes Arsenal looked smart on the ball, and chased QPR down. Van Persie had the first shot on goal, from a free-kick that found its way through the wall and trickled into Kenny’s arms. Our captain appeared to be wearing some kind of support high on his right thigh. Last week during the Villa win it looked like something was inhibiting his movement. If there is some kind of niggle it might account for the little dry spell he’s going through.
SCREENWRITING
After a restful hiatus, I’m excited to get back to posting regularly. Last week, I got offered the Box Office Manager position at Weathervane Playhouse in Ohio and I am so happy to say that I took the job. It is going to be so wonderful to return to the place that my love for arts administration began. Yall, the people in Newark, Ohio inspire me. They taught me that a background in theatre is not necessary to fall in love with the arts.
The airlock door makes a sound like a party balloon being set free when I hit the button marked UNLOCK that’s set into the wall panel next to door.
He could shock you with his cold detachment and brutality at times, such as with his interrogation of Pavel, the Russian operative who killed Renee Walker, and then he could break your heart when watching his heart-felt video to his daughter he planned on leaving since he believed he would not make it through day 8 alive.
Get out your notebooks. I was a little too cryptic earlier this week. So let’s talk about the no-compete clause and the Author’s Warranties in publishing contracts.
If the baby’s hiccups are higher up in your belly, or even above your belly button, then your baby is most likely head up.
Aw!!! Thais how today was. It started out with smiles. Stupid touch screen called The Ex when I was still half asleep. We had a really good conversation. I went to work smiling but when I got there the Assistant Mang. threw a list of things that were broken and going wrong and then she ran off. And then I ran out of pennies and was at the store all by myself. Awesome day!
50. Blood From The Mummy's Tomb
Salad
“Yeah, honey. I’m really tired.”
So we sat around and had a couple beers and the buses came and picked us up. Of course my fellow staffers were the first on the party bus, or so we thought. We saw 2 guys in the back just chillin and we asked how they got on before us and they replied they knew people. We then asked where they worked and they responded (the bar I work at) so we started giving them shit saying ohhhh these guys works at (our bar) and kept going on and on. They were good sports and they learned we actually worked there and had made tshirts. I finally turned around and asked where they really worked.
With things quiet at the HOS at this time of the year, I am not putting in the hours that I did at busy times. While I have craft stuff all over this house, I have great intentions of moving it all into one room and closing the door. But these things don't happen by themselves and with no elf's and fairies about the farm it looks like the only way I will get it done it to switch off this lap top! LOL
**To win a copy of “Leave Over’ why not have a go at the following competition – to be judged by Geri. Write the first two hundred words of Episode One of a crime serial in which your sleuth must make an appearance. Please post your entries beneath this blogpost. Deadline: noon 15 February. Winner to be announced a week later.
Some times I hate being female.
(start @ base of pumpkin w/og) ch56, w/o twisting, join to make a circle.
*Use of 15" LED monitor with countdown timer (see yourselves live on screen)
The other day I was watching television and an advert came on for Yellow Pages. The advert has a guy wandering around record shops looking for a particular record. Eventually he gets home and his daughter hands him a mobile phone and gets him to contact Yellow Pages to get the numbers for record shops to ring instead. Eventually he finds a shop that has the record and gives his name, it turns out the record is his. Yellow pages has updated its popular advert for another generation.
The 42-year-old man went home and discovered dung on the doormat. The door had some small dents, and an outer piece of the door was loose. The 42-year-old man didn’t see who dumped the solid waste or who banged on the door.
And, I found couple new blogs to follow today. One I found through Pat Sloan's blog, Ali Edwards, One Little Word. It is talking about choosing a word for the next year that speaks to you - any word that just comes to you and makes you feel something. Pat talks about words she has chosen (Ali has been doing this for a few years now) and I think it is a neat idea. No, I have not picked a word - but I am going to.....
For the last several months I've been using an online venue called Drop Box. It enables me to sync my selected files across my three computers and always have the most recent changes on whichever computer I decide to work on.
I feel like I can speak for our whole cast when I say that we are, with rare exception, fantastically relational. And it shows in the way our personal off-stage relationships translate to energetic, supportive chemistry on stage.
Easter can bring strong death/rebirth experiences on many levels of life and if you are sensitive to and aware of these deeper interconnected realities you will have felt it. It may have shown up as things reaching a climax in relationship issues, an issue you’ve been struggling with for a while coming to a head or a new way clearing before you.
This was part of a comment I recently received. Throughout history, Christians of all traditions have repeatedly used the Bible to support doctrinal positions they believed to be “as plain as the nose on your face” but that they later had to confess to be mistaken. The doctrine of those who read their antigay presuppositions into the Creation narrative of Genesis – or into other biblical texts – is believed to be only the most recent doctrinal position well on the way to being generally acknowledged as a mistake of this kind.
It's not too hard to visualize what the Haunted Mansion would have looked like if Ken Anderson's pioneering labors had been realized. We have an abundance of concept art, plus show scripts and interviews. We even have a floor plan. Likewise, for the final phase, with Marc Davis, Claude Coats, and X. Atencio at the controls, we have artwork to admire, interviews to read, history to discuss, and the actual product to look at. When it comes to the middle crew, however, things are a bit murkier. That would be Rolly Crump and Yale Gracey, in charge of the Haunted Mansion project from 1959 until 1963. We've talked about them before, and no doubt we'll talk about them again. Very important team.
Total goals met so far: 5
Have you tried any Anastasia of Beverly Hills products?
The brown gimp trim worked perfectly in matching the brown in the fabric.
Also, the products that run in this new system are also far from certain. While Google wallet and Isis appear to have taken a lead position in the US, and both companies already use both NFC and smart phone technology, it appears that the announcement yesterday will only strengthen the position of each respective company. But, Apple has not played its cards yet, Amazon is clearly growing something, PayPal successfully launched a national effort, and new startups appear daily. So, the winners and losers of the new ecosystem remain to be seen.
and homegrown tomatoes...
Charlotte is scared to death something bad will happen because her life is so good and nobody ever gets everything they wanted.
Do you prefer printed books or ebooks?
S 23 50
Deniot ~ FABulous Parisian designer who now
The horror of a film like The Ring lies in its ambiguities. There is only one known way to stop yourself from falling victim to the evil Samara which is almost as horrific as Samara herself, you have to pass on the tape. The Ring has succeeded in becoming a generation defining horror film by assaulting our imagination and memory. There was no reprieve, no ability to hide once you'd seen the tape.
Hand wraps
Recent rainfall has them out of the fields this week.
that i should freeze in time,
At the time of Owain’s death, the police were at pains to stress that his killing was not ‘racially motivated.’On no, a gang of Asian and mixed-race youths killing a white lad can never be racist.
“I had no idea what a career in programming would mean, but I really, really wish I had kept it up,” says Kathryn Minshew, 26, the CEO and founder of the Daily Muse, who as a teenager wrote notes to her best friend in programming language C++. She says that gendered ideas about what to do with that knowledge helped steer her away from a career in coding.
Ink: Night of Navy from SU
“I don’t know.” She said watching us in amusement. “I asked him and he wouldn’t say.”
Pooh & Friends cart- pg. 36 Icon/Clouds 1" -- 1 1/4"-- 1 1/2"
These are the lip balms I received and I just love how pretty the packaging is and the scents were not your regular scents. The pink one is a soft rose scent and the black was more of a sophisticated berry. They are light and moisturizing and not at all sticky. If you like more color they go great on your lipstick for added moisture and shine.
So in the end, our job as parents of Mixed kids is not harder or easier. It just involves different challenges. But I wouldn’t trade it for anything. As someone who has lived my life and my professional career trying to bring cultures together, our kids are the ultimate example of living up to that mission. And they don’t even have to think about it. It is just who they are.
1 teaspoon lemon pepper
The second thing I want you to take a few moments and read is this post by Allyson of Manifest Vegan. She posted this a couple weeks ago and I keep returning to it when the mood strikes. It’s inspirational, it’s 100% true, and it’s done in that cheerful oh-so-darling Allyson way.
And then the totally cunning plan was devised. Why not pitch in the half-gallon mason jar of Ardennes/Nottingham yeast blend that I'd harvested from the KLCC Collabrewation Brew batch? No reason I could think of. This is a second generation harvest, G0 coming from Oakshire and G1 off our "Because We Can". I was aware that this yeast likes a warmer fermentation temperature, so I did a heat transfer to target 24˚C. Fermentation started off within 24 hours, and it sprinted along at 23 to 24˚C for three days.
p.s. I told him I DEFINITELY deserve an AWESOME date night for taking care of him for a whole week straight!
1 teaspoon grated lemon zest (okay, so I didn’t have a lemon. I used clementine zest instead…)
from the ground.
Just realised I didn't post photos of the finished painted wall.
We went through this process for another two years and then that drive and desire steered us down the IVF path. There was not putting the brakes on now. The ticking clock was deafening.
I have had some pretty crappy things happen in my life. Relationships that were not healthy, choices that were not wise. Fortunately I have learned from those experiences and each subsequent learning experience is less painful than the last (in its own way). I’ve gotten stronger at voicing what I will and will not accept and better at saying no… better at it, not perfect at it.
In order to qualify, your ideas must be expressed in such a way as to give the impression that you really care about these people. So remember -- be sure to make up some humanitarian sounding bullshit to go along with your disgusting self-serving PR stunt.
Like a lot of others right now, I'm disturbed by the dishonesty that pops up in the blogging community. I want to assure you that while I don't share everything with my readers (gotta keep some things private), I work hard not to deceive anyone. Because right now I'm one of many hurt and confused women throughout the world. I know how it feels.
I do not disapprove of hunting with hounds. I cannot defend it but I don’t want it to stop. It looks wonderful to watch. A massive number of country people attend, support, watch, and participate in the hunt. To those who think it is all toffs, it is not, people who think the huntsfolk are all toffs, have never been within earshot of the hunt. There are poor people in threadbare coats on borrowed horses aplenty among the hunt.
Clearly, the turtle was confused, and needed help. So I pulled over, picked up the turtle, and took it to the lake side of the road.
Samples 4 & 5
And made into a sloppy joe?
No "right choices" with food.
Give me something that’ll haunt me when you’re not around
Forgive me for repeating myself, as I so often do, in this post. I’ve expressed these ideas before, but, as I so often do, in a sloppy and slapdash form. I’ve tried to be a little more organized here. And, in case you’re worried, this post isn’t really about Jeff Goldstein; I, for one, cannot imagine a more excruciatingly tedious subject for an essay.
Virgin America (San Francisco) has announced a new interline agreement with China Airlines (Taipei), offering seamless travel on the networks of both carriers across their respective North American and Asian routes. China Airlines is the eleventh interline partner for the rapidly expanding U.S. domestic airline. Virgin America has grown to 17 destinations, a fleet of 51 new aircraft and 2,600 teammates since its launch in August 2007. In addition to the new China Airlines agreement, Virgin America has interline agreements with Virgin Australia, Virgin Atlantic, Air New Zealand, Emirates, Korean Air,Singapore Airlines, Cathay Pacific, South African Airways, El Al and QANTAS Airways.
England’s Facebook page indicates that his girlfriend, Sheran Hart Wilde, recently died. Her death notice was published Jan. 12 in the Tulsa World.
I just watched "The Switch" on tv while I ate my lunch and now I'm sitting here, irritated about life but I'm not depressed so I don't feel sorry for myself. I just feel.... like.... AAAAHHH is the best way to put it. I can't form a concentrated thought and I'm too physically tired to do anything like going out to play with my camera and take some pictures. I'm still learning how to use this camera- it's really, really nice and for pros so I'm like, not sure how to use it. My dad handed it down after he bought his new one this year. Though mine is still being sold and all that, it's not old at all. But anyway, I grew up using a film camera like all of us, and I haven't made the switch to digital except for with my candid camera that I carry around for social stuff. I'm used to changing the settings myself for the lighting and not letting the camera do it for me.
In Vertigo (1958, dir. Alfred Hitchcock), Jimmy Stewart, the quintessential everyman, the warm and loveable Elwood P. Dowd and George Bailey…not if Hitchcock has anything to say about it. Stewart gets to turn on the crazy in this rare role and he turns it up until the dial snaps.
"I just want to be loved, and eaten..."
The rules of the Versatile Blogger Award are:
Well 2 things going on,,lol,,listening to rain turn to sleet at 34 degrees and watching the ball game.2ND quarter and Alabama leading 7-6.Several good plays all ready and Texas is fast but i have to roll tide,,,
Instruction for custard sauce
skip lifetimes in one trip
It's been offically a week since I've opened my Ebay store. I've been busy listing as much as possible, but I have had auctions ending and sales happening, so I feel like everytime I build up my listings, alot of them fall off.
Don’t forget Upper Manhattan – it’s a different country. Stroll through the wildness of Inwood Hill Park before hoofing it down to The Cloisters. You’ll fancy you’ve stepped right back into medieval Europe.
Guy
“We will keep conducting raids until they’re all caught, then we’ll bring them for reeducation here.”
We are all Made to Worship; to experience and live lives of love, obedience and surrender to God that flow from our relationship with Him. This is what worship is really all about.
She grinned, satisfied by the pain in his voice.
1 12-ounce bag semi-sweet chocolate chips
But education is only a part of the whole. Education imports knowledge, but knowledge can only be used with inspiration, motivation, spirit, desire, passion, love, interest, and a host of other qualities. All parent have the opportunity to help their children develop these qualities so that they can take this goodness with them for the rest of their lives. I can't tell you how to do it, because our families and our lives are different. It starts with love, trust, engagement, and a willingness to cast off your own baggage and work at understanding what kind of parent you want to be.
Laura Palmer
William L. and Mary Kay Friend
The thick soup bubbles on the stove
Randy brings up some interesting questions about the death penalty in this book through the lawyer character, Mace James. How should Christians feel about it? Suppose the killer gives his life to Christ while in prison? Should he be left there to die alone since he made mistakes and bad choices? Suppose this person is really innocent? There are several other issues with the state system that are talked about in this book through the life-like believable characters created by the author.
Notice that it is the 9th Circuit – that is the circuit with the most strident leftists – which says that you have no reasonable expectation of privacy about where you go day after day; essentially you can be tracked all the time and the Founders who wrote the Constitution think that is reasonable.
But seriously, what a mess.
So how does the elder son respond to this last entreaty? We don’t know. The cliffhanger ending here is masterful, with Jesus in effect saying to the Pharisees and lawyers to whom he told the parable, and by extension to we who overhear today, “the doors of the kingdom of God are thrown open. Tax collectors and prostitutes and all manner of those who squandered the inheritance are coming to their senses, and going in to dine at the feast. Your God and Father is glad to welcome them. So are you going to stand outside and grouse about, indeed publicly decry, his generosity? Or will you go in to your Father’s party with your brothers and sisters and be happy?”
Ladle some of the enchilada sauce into a casserole dish - enough to cover the bottom. Heat tortillas on both sides over the stove until lightly brown but still pliable. Dip tortillas into pot/bowl of enchilada sauce and place into casserole dish. How you fill them is up to you. Sometimes we fill them completely with greens and leave the cheese for the top, while other times we do a mix. A mix of greens and cheese helps fill out the enchiladas a bit better. Add a small handful of greens to the tortilla, top with cheese if desired and roll the tortilla as tight as possible. Our dish fits 6 perfectly, but if I'm doubling the recipe, I'll use a glass 9x13 dish. Ladle remaining sauce over enchiladas and top with cheese. Bake at 375 degrees for 20 minutes.
20-something: There were so many cute clothes at the mall today.
At 6 miles I was feeling pretty good and I seemed to be overtaking people - despite the fact that I started in the right place in the start queue. I had the feeling that my "base pace" was just pretty good, so I relaxed and just kept running.
Well, i bought that box of crayons
- 2 oz Apple Juice, 2 oz Soy or Non-fat Milk, 1/2 banana, 1 Scoop Vanilla Protein Powder & 1 Cup Ice Cubes: Another serving of YUM!
Tat is a crusading environmentalist when he is not beating up rednecks in local bars. While Taft indulges in much violent mayhem, explosions, and gunplay in an attempt to suit action fans, it is clear what Seagal really cares about is getting his environmental message out. Said message is that greedy oil companies will destroy anything to make a buck.
According to Hydrogen, Singapore has become an increasingly popular destination for multinational corporations over the past few years.
But behind the false storefront at night is where the real work takes place
The object of this saving activity is τὸν λαὸν αὐτοῦ. One of the issues that interpreters face at this point is the identity of λαός: does it refer to the historic people of Israel or does it refer to the new people of the Messiah, including both Jews and Gentiles? The word appears 14 times in Matthew and is used exclusively with reference to Israel.[31] The surrounding context of the opening chapter lends support to this understanding by establishing the fact that Jesus, as a direct descendant of Abraham and David, is a true Israelite.[32] Nolland notes that the possessive αὐτοῦ emphasises Jesus’ own embeddedness within this people, “the people to whom he belongs.”[33] Some commentators have also seen in this verse strong echoes of Ps. 180:8 which specifically speaks of Israel being saved from her iniquities.[34] Jesus’ own testimony further supports this when He plainly states that He was sent only to the lost sheep of Israel.[35] This understanding makes good sense in light of the fact that the theme of sin and exile, which relates specifically to the people of Israel, is in view.
She had to lick the blood and taste it.
(*) E L I J A H – #FUCKbitches ; GETmoney.
convey a definitive, geometric shape or structure, and thus that claim
For the record, I don’t doubt that people have genetic predispositions to crappy behaviors BECAUSE I’M A CHRISTIAN WHO READS HIS BIBLE AND READ ABOUT THE FALL OF MAN INTO SIN. But I also know that the same God who created us created us in His image. And part of the essence of the Imago Dei is personal freedom and personal responsibility. Maybe I was born with the deck stacked against me in some way or ways; but I guarantee you that somebody else was born with that same deck stacked even worse against him or her – and that person triumphed over that and a lot of other hereditary obstacles.
First off, the cover states "Requiem for a Coward!" but the story is "The Vendetta!" They fix that in issue #66 by putting the wrong title on that cover as well.
The lady owner is a school teacher.
Then how much profit do mirrors carry away?
Rest. Sabbath. Renewing people. Good prescription.
Kraft Envelope (Maya Road)
my neck, my thighs, my tongue
Chris Petrella (REP) 1.10% 129
Anyways, I have a head full of foils, a daughter who has to go to therapy, and my Parker boy starts Kindergarten this year...OH, and my sister was over with her little man getting ready for work too... ;)
Writing short stories is great! Although at least two thirds of what I submit is sent back to me with a polite rejection message, I'm having some success and have now had seven accepted, all in the space of a year. I AM SO THRILLED WITH THIS!
which is not difficult to assume, is that Israeli leaders are no fools. They don't have the naïveté of many leaders of the Western World on the difficulty of recognizing friend from foe. The present Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is especially good at making such recognitions. He knows one fact for sure, that
Naturally
I think it’s mostly a more sophisticated way of saying “Hey, look at me.”
There are a few jarring notes, however.
My whole life is a work in progress. When it comes to "things" I am very good at starting things and rarely finish anything so the list includes patchwork quilts, a granny throw for my daughter, cross stitch pictures, appliqued wallhanging......
Argiope 1. Greek and Latin meaning Of the Silver Face, referring to the mountain from which the nymph of this name dwelt. The mountain, believed to be that of Mount Parnassos.
my church
And it’s much more sophisticated now.
Dawn! Didn't Savannah used to have blond hair in the drawing/picture at the top of your blog? (Please tell me I'm not going crazy!)
In addition to the furloughs, Minton said the Kentucky court system would cut hours and benefits for part-time employees and increase the price state courts charged for criminal record reports.
This miniature version of Stephenson's Rocket was constructed in silver by John Bradbury Winter for the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, who still own it. The following is an extract of a post on a model makers' forum:
I’m working on another blog. Hopefully I will launch it tomorrow and come here and tell you all about it. I’m very excited about it. Hoped to launch today, but…
Add the ground paste and fry for a few minutes on slow fire.
Thankfully, I grew in a family accepting of left handedness. I have left handed cousins on both mom and dad's side. Maybe it was also the time. I think that by the nineties, some people were getting over the "lefties are possessed" thing. Even I liked it beforehand! For some reason, I had an appreciation for things being "to or on the left," even before I realized what my writing hand was. Although it's likely untrue, I also like the association with the "right hemisphere" and being artistic. I've always been into art, thinking, imagination and creativity, in spite of not being exactly known for the arts, aside from practicing my drawing skills for a few years. And sometimes, this whole thought and creativity passion is so crazy it gets demonic. So watch out, people! You're about to be enlightened...just kidding!
There are two types of friction and friction coefficients; static and dynamic. The static coefficient of friction measures the amount of energy required to move a stationary object across a surface. The dynamic coefficient of friction measures the energy required to keep an object moving. If you have ever moved furniture you will understand the difference. Getting a bookcase moving from a stationery position and getting it across a room require different levels of energy.
Selangor police chief Datuk Khalid Abu Bakar said that he was informed of the date by the Shah Alam magistrate’s court Friday.
I realised I've always been working with international fruits so much so that I decided it's time I worked with a fruit which is also grown locally and found in our local farmers market. Just in case you didn't know, mangoes are grown in Malaysia too, due to the beautiful tropical weather. In a way, we are pretty lucky people to be able to enjoy the fruit whole year round.
Who would you invite to a dream dinner party?
It took a lot of enthusiasm and hard work, especially for the small but dedicated litfest team, and it turned into a great success. Due to it being an ON LINE book festival you never need to feel you have missed out because itis all still there to enjoy here on the ABBA site at the ABBA online lit fest
KVSP opened in 2005 and houses approximately 4,800 minimum, medium, maximum and high-security custody inmates. KVSP offers academic classes and vocational programs and employs approximately 1,800 people.
I used the Vivienne Butterfly die from Memory Box and cut it out using black cardstock. Then I took a piece of clear packing tape and adhered it to the die cut. Next I got out the glitter. I did use two colors to create the effect.
it was Love that purchased you, and you held back nothing. The decision was made – you would die of love,
I always thought there should be a show about that awkward post-grad decade, where everyone is educated and beautiful, poor and lost. Now I am not so sure. Do I want to see this raw depiction of my future spread before me? I thought TV was meant to do the opposite–to make us believe, for even an hour, that we will be okay. Maybe we won’t be okay.
Robert Wilson
Sure I was the only one in the movie theatre who made a Cat Call when they first showed "Indiana Jones", but hey it was dark & nobody would have guessed that it was the plus size girl with 5 kids cat calling!
So now what do we do? Well, since both Democrats are in favor of some sort of a bailout, the reality is that there will likely be one. John McCain can't afford to be seen as insensitive, even if that's not the case. So we are all going to share the brunt of propping up a fair share of people who made bad decisions.
My daughter Megan, her children, a friends 4 yr old, a friend of Megan's and her daughter as well as a friend of her sons went camping last week. They went camping in Cherokee, NC where they had frost every morning when they came out of their tents. The campground did have a indoor pool that they enjoyed but most of the time they spent outside in the cold weather. They played outdoor chess, rode pedal cars, cooked over open fire and did a little fishing. Grandson Quintin caught a 17lb trout and won a fishing contest there. He won $50 so know he was one happy camper.
T. Neidl
Just kidding, they're all pretty nonchalant. And were super helpful.
RAPPERS: Avoid having to say: "Know what I'm sayin'" all the time by actually speaking clearly in the first place.
However, the caveat is a purchase- laden cyclist can’t afford the temptation of buying junk food or anything superfluous: she or he has to tow it home.
“We want to make sure we’re running it as efficiently as possible with limited resources,” Cline said. The report should be completed by February.
Anwaar: Yes you are not scared, for you are terrified. All men are also terrified. They are terrified of women’s power, so they cage us thinking we shall falter. You men might have been successful in the past, but now, we shall no longer take such offense.
This is the second story in a mystery series about two kids who decide to start a detective agency to solve some mysteries in their neighbourhood. It dawned on me as I was colouring this afternoon that these two young detectives are child entrepreneurs. They got the idea to do detective work all by themselves, they set up their office, and they handed out business cards to build their business. Pretty entrepreneurial! Based on this sudden brainwave, I decided to explore this topic a bit further.
Nine To Noon with Kathryn Ryan
Today will be a mysore class and then I’m assisting in a New Beginner’s class as well. Gotta take the dog for a walk too, this should be nice for both of us. Maybe I’ll take my little monster along as well. She’s 5 and cute and is deeply involved playing with her new legos at the moment.
I'm really loving the Glad Tidings paper from K&Co. I love the clear, bright colors in it. The stickers on either side of the church are also part of the Glad Tidings line...I just love these!
The pressure is on Fallon to deliver strong creative advertising that will help stabilize H&R Block at a tumultuous time. The 55-year-old tax-preparation company had to install a new CEO, Alan Bennett, in the wake of Mr. Smyth’s departure. It also recently parted ways with board member Tom Bloch, the last member of the H&R Block’s founding family to have ties to the company.
spiritual conquest.”
As world political and business leaders ready for the Rio+20 U.N. sustainability conference in June, Brazil’s leaders are debating policy changes that could jeopardize the leadership it has earned from reducing Amazon deforestation and greenhouse gas emissions.
The penny dropped.
You could create a gift out of old pictures. Try designing a scrapbook of your favorite pictures. Alternatively, you could frame one of your favorite photographs and gift it. You could also create a short movie by using snippets from home videos and set your special song as the background music.
VERSE OF LIFE!
Different Names, Horses for Courses, To Each His Own
Pay: $10 hour
Oh, dear readers, I have just had my first television interview. If "visibly nervous" and "addled" was the look was I going for, I succeeded admirably. I'm not saying which station it was for or when it's airing, no way. Because I have friends--and you know who you are--who will find the most unflattering clip of me in the interview and make sure that it gets circulated to everyone who knows me.
Basil leaves, thinly sliced (for garnish)
Walking mammaries
Pinsky said he’d have to check.
I'm sure it was you I heard laughing as we all raced around covering up our gardens. I'm sure it was you I heard snort with evil glee when you saw us pinning down the coverings with rocks against the wind you decided to whip up, just to top things off. I'm sure I heard you snicker and wheeze, "Good luck keeping Harry away from them..."
It was a fabulous vacation with an equally fabulous group of people. I could get used to living in a warmer climate dressed simply in a kaftan and bikini, writing ocean side and indulging in daily (not hourly) happy hour!
My father called me again. He wanted to know how my son had done in his exams. As an afterthought, Papa asked me, “Kya beta, exam ka bhooth utar gaya?”
Oh ladies and gentlemen,
an important European Championship qualifier game.
But since we are starting a new year, I am going to try to be better about blogging. I have alot to be thankful for, this year has had its ups and downs for sure! Glad it is over and looking forward to the future.
Getting Started with iPhoto for iPad
1 cataclysm
Still, it was really tasty. I think it would have been better with the right cheeses though. And next time we make it, we are going to add in some spinach.
You tend to be relaxed throughout the day. You are naturally at peace.
Rice Flour - 1/2 Cup
When a sweet friend calls to see if we can go to the daffodil farm with her, I admit that I'd love to but am not feeling well. But, then she asks if she can just come get my kids and is here before we know it and I am served this gift: quiet.
“Why would you want something to end? What would there be left to do if it ended?” he asked.
A group of teenagers a couple of years younger than him walked past, laughing loudly as they waited in line outside the Funhouse. Seth watched them bitterly. They were all happy and warm, most of them attractive and probably popular. One of the girls in a pink parka was wearing tight jeans, and Seth absently watched her behind as she walked past. One of her friends glanced back and saw him, so he jerked his eyes away and scratched at a paint fleck on the black metal button stand. He felt his cheeks heat up as their laughter pummeled him. They were probably cheerleaders, and he hated cheerleaders, even if he couldn't help but watch them.
I'm changing the biz name to Aimee Fleck Art & Scraps, which will be reflected in the website when it's up and running, and is seen in the new blog! After this week, I'll no longer be posting here, and will be posting on the super duper new blog www.aimeefleckart.blogspot.com
Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ! According to his great mercy, he has caused us to be born again to a living hope through the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead. (1 Peter 1:3 ESV)
(Photo of corner of Edison Place and Mulberry Street--in background, at arena--taken August 26 by Jonathan Barkey)
Considering the ongoing overdose of urban agriculture imagery passing through the architecture world these days, it is refreshing simply to see someone hit a slightly different note: to explore urban forestry in an aesthetically powerful way and to envision a world in which the future structural promise of cultivated plantlife comes to shape the city.
Since no real child is involved in this creepy display, reporting it to the FBI is not a likely to be a productive option. I'm sure others have tried.
Now - where shall we go next?
How wonder-full that even when we're running around picking up dog hair, just trying to get things done and handle life on our own, knowing God is in the background but not thinking too much about it, God lets our child souls speak up to Him, ambushing us with the prayers He knows we need to express.
About 6:30, after continued and desperate calling, we attracted the attention of the other lifeboats. Two of them finally realized the position we were in and drew toward us. Lightoller had found his whistle, and more because of it than our hoarse shouts, their attention was attracted.
That's about it for now. I'm sure there is more I'm forgetting about but I'll remember later :)
SOLDIER'S JOY 1864 by Guy Clark. This is a great old southern song that I think conveys the spirit of the book and all of the characters in one way or another. Each character has lost something in the fairy emergence, they're coming out of a dark time (and heading into a darker one, but don't tell them that. No need to get them all upset just yet.)
Well I have been on the road for business lately which means less crafty time :(
Margaret Ferguson — Distinguished Professor of English
There is an elegance to her work, a dignity. There is great intelligence as she unpacks her stories. Everything feels real. Nothing feels forced. There is the bounty of genuine knowing. Listen to this, from the early pages of SOLD, the story of a young girl forced to work at Happiness House. These are the halcyon days. This is before. Lakshmi is poor, and she has a gift for seeing beauty.
P.S. As soon as my policy kicks in I'm going out and getting my gall bladder removed or something. No, I don't actually have any gall bladder issues but HELLO-- health insurance people!
When you are facing an insoluble difficulty, or at the eve of bills-due without a cent to pay them, or when illness has drawn you to the brink of death, you know that the test is warranted, and that having acted wrongly in the past, ruin or death would be justice. Yet, if you have faith, such an example is not meant for you because the truly liberated man alone possesses faith, and neither worry, anguish nor suffering have any claim upon him, save when he shoulders them to relieve others.
2. Moong dhal, 1 cup.
He interrupts my lunch and the peace I feel as I sip my coffee and eat my bagel. Serious doubts crawl into my soul and a strong urge sweeps through me to cancel this job with his company. Why is he in a hurry to get the job done and why a complete replacement for a small ding?
On Monday, we looked at the beginning of the story of God when God was present with Adam and Eve, walking in the garden. Through the entrance of sin and shame, a barrier went up that kept the people of God from God’s presence with them. As we walk through the story of God, we see God living nearby, but there is always something keeping the people from direct contact with God–whether that’s shame, fear, or the belief that they are too unclean or unholy.
I just took my students on a trip to my alma mater, Stevens Institute of Technology, and it cost my school NOTHING but the bus. My engineering class runs in a disciplinary approach, so the kids had completed the introductory, mechanical, and civil engineering units and were moving into the naval engineering unit then the biomedical engineering unit. My school has a one-of-a-kind high speed tow tank research facility where they test scale models of ships ranging from student projects to military grants. I’m sure your university has equally interesting places to visit!!
When one reads Ecclesiastes, it is noted how many things Solomon attributes to him making. He built this, he built that, and I started thinking about the mechanics of that attribute and isn’t it interesting that the king takes credit for what he directs, but the workers are actually building the project.
These past 2 weekends our family has gone to Keeneland, which is a horse racing track. Keeneland is only open for about 3 weeks in Fall and 3 weeks in Spring and it's a must-do for us locals. Even though we don't gamble, it's still fun to get out and watch the races and be out in the nice Fall weather.
And then she headed away over the ridge and out of sight.
And whats with the watches that have multiple different times on them. Have you seen this shit? They’re expensive too. All so you can tell what time it is where you are, and what time it is in Pango Pango. Helpful, I’m sure, if you’re The Flash.
Sodium contributes to high blood pressure, so watch your sodium intake as well. However, I wouldn’t put away the table salt and call it good. Most of Americans’ sodium intake actually comes from processed foods, frozen meals, and sodas (both diet and regular). I’d much rather people cook their own food and then salt to taste than pop a meal in the microwave for 5 minutes on high!
The shape lifted an arm and beckoned to him, as if inviting him to get in.
Genre: Comedy
As for Sarkozy, his departure speech, which he is delivering as I write, is dignified and correct. I never shared the visceral hatred that many in France felt toward him, and I am glad that his manner of leaving office suggests that the pugnacious character he often chose to portray is not, as I always believed, the only Sarkozy but rather a persona that he believed, rightly or wrongly, to be politically effective.
I suspect that many however would view it as a betrayal of sporting integrity that would ruin Scottish football for ever.
Further lowering the rear end the differential is lowered as far as possible. The differential is driven from the cross shaft between the diff and the main gear cluster. The differential can effectively be at any angle pivoted around the centreline of the cross shaft. What Williams have done is to lower it as far as possible while still allowing the CV joints some consideration and the starter shaft to be accessed. This does effectively make the gearbox slightly longer.
This week, I got to see my boyfriend quite a bit again which is always lovely. Monday was bank holiday, which we spent having a lazy day, watching Big as he had never seen it before! (one of my favourite films!) On Wednesday he cooked me a lovely dinner that we ate watching Faster. Action films aren't usually my cup of tea but I really enjoyed it, even though we only saw half. What is it with us and only watching half a film?!
A dead spirit inside the scull.
at the very foundations,
So even though Spring Training is here and our schedules get kicked into crazy mode, I'm trying my best to embrace it. Thanks to a friend and fellow baseball wife, I'm going into this baseball season with a different outlook ... and I think she says it best ...
Head on over to the Skipping Stones Designs blog to get all the detail and see the rest of the samples everyone made using this weeks sketch.
Adding in rising state and local tax revenues could push Tax Freedom Day beyond its May 1 record.
All attendees will also be able to add on a three-day pass to the 16th Annual Electric Daisy Carnival at a discounted rate at the point of registration. General admission passes will be priced at $200 (regularly $275) and a VIP pass at $400 (regularly $500). Electric Daisy Carnival will be held at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway on June 8-10, 2012. Previously purchased passes cannot be discounted for registrants.
Very old school. Especially in a time where people lock things up in clouds.
Missing our friends
Head of the group Noah Burton said they had lodged the appeal against the earlier decision which said they could not appeal against a previous decision asking them to vacate the site.
Entry #60
Gideon was afraid
-Push and adjust the pecans so that no spaces form between them. Allow turtles to cool completely.
Level 3: MP Cost: 10, Duration: 90 seconds, All Stats: +2%.
Lisa watched as the two men took off in their bright red jeep. She smiled and waved till the jeep was just a blur on the sun-kissed horizon.
Can anyone guess yet what is wrong with this picture? I have contact with the outside world (phone), hydration (water) and the impetus upon which to write this blog (laptop). What else is missing right?
But maybe that’s not right either. Perhaps Chagall is really saying that love is impossible. Not in a non-existent way, but rather in the sense that no-one can ever truly understand it. Rather then, that anything is possible with love. Love is complicated. Love comes in so many forms. And many people don’t experience love in the way that you do. Types of love and happiness may seem impossible to one person, but completely natural to another. Happiness and love are personal, and only one who knows themselves can percieve love in their own way. And yet love is that which brings and unites people together, even in differences, to join as one body, as brothers and sisters. Maybe then what Chagall is really saying is, do not be afraid of love’s endless possibilities. Embrace it. Love is something that every now and then makes you stop for a moment. You look at your life, and you ask yourself… is this Real? Is this love and happiness Real? It coats you, fills you with a blissful, blessed sensation like no other, and causes you to ask yourself if you are dreaming, for life is so beautiful in these moments it is like living in another world. Living in the clouds, filled with heavenly joy, standing next to the musical goats.
I’m surprised our Canadian readers – and I know we have a couple – haven’t told us about this yet, but the province of Ontario’s top court has just legalized brothels. So right away I had to talk to my local expert on the subject of sex for money: Avonia the Wiccan Pimp.
Duvel was perfect for a "Welcome to Earth" toast!
6. Now add all the masala powder with turmeric powder ,adjust the salt as per taste .
And somehow, I must have been really involved because I neglected to take a single picture of the process on this one, until the jars were sealed and processed.
Shame, for it follows dishonor, and shows one to be nothing. No! Less than nothing!
The discussion reflected an agreement on the importance of building trust, welcoming legislation (referred to similar steps in USA) and global interoperability (legislations should not look all the same but the goals should be shared). Legislation is not the ultimate solution. One should also need awareness raising amongst consumers and a predictable enforcement. The proof will be to what extend the legislation will bring harmonisation and better protection of the consumer. Particular attention should go to: creation of legal certainty (one-stop-shop), consistency, global harmonisation & interoperability, efficiency of the new rules and whether they deliver the seeked outcomes, system of breach notification. However, the concept of main establishment has to be further developed to make the lead DPA model a reality. Technology needs to integrate privacy and security from the start; this is connected to the aspect of trust, if users don’t trust devices and new technology, they won’t use it or in a way that doesn’t maximize its potential; two objectives were mentioned. First, the safe and free flow of data within the Single Market but also the global flow of data from and to Europe. Second, increased data protection.
Angelina loved the commotion and was doing her best to fly off and attack the strange interloper but was restrained because of the leash Jack attached. “Crazy hussy, crazy hussy!” the bird would squawk before breaking down into what Jack assumed was fits of macaw laughter.
1st Corinthians 10:14 Wherefore, my dearly beloved, flee from idolatry.
All her life: half a house. –Jamie O’Neill
Add the sugar, sultanas, orange juice and rind to the pan. Cook gently until the sugar has dissolved then simmer for 30-40 minutes or until the chutney is thickened and there is no excess liquid. As it thickens, stir frequently to prevent burning or sticking to the bottom of the pan.
This video has some pretty mind blowing facts that have really helped remind me of the true reason for da season.
North Korea does not allow foreigners to bring into their fine, tightly-controlled country any mobile phones or any electronic device containing GPS. China is not that paranoid but, of course, blocks access to not only Facebook, Twitter and other Western social networking sites but also to all the main Western blogging sites. This blog of mine (hosted by WordPress) alas cannot be read in China. Their loss.
3/4 teaspoon cloves
I am thankful I was able to see my doctor yesterday, and since this post was pre-written, lets just assume I'm thankful for good news.
I shouldn't moan, but dammit, it's my bleeping blog and I'm going to!!!
I found Overtock.com (or o.co as I like to type in my browser window) simply has the best options for someone like me who wants to spend around about nothing.
Over winter break, Teagan had a playdate with a little girl in her class. The playdate included another boy they are friends with and a girl that the host girl is friends with from her old school. By all accounts from the kids and the parents, everyone had a great time. Teagan has continued to be good friends with the 2 kids who go to her school. The other girl has never been mentioned since.
I know in this digital age that the stigma for online dating is starting to wear off, but it still embarrasses me to admit that I have turned to dating websites to try and look for the one.
The sweet magazine I shoot photo's for-Simply the Sweet Life Magazine -is soon to launch it's kids and teen issue. Before that happens-they are having a incredible contest that starts today and runs through the month of February. There are some awesome companies involved-with amazing prizes (and they get better and better).
60 gr (2 oz) dried cranberries
Did a bit of travelling in the UK on business and the highlight has to be my first trip to Belfast. I’ve been to Ireland but not Northern Ireland and I was looking forward to seeing what Belfast was actually like after hearing so much about it.
Lord of the Flies (1963)
But, this year seemed a good time to introduce GIRL to team sports, and for BOY to have another chance now -when he's more developmentally ready. They had a chance to play together on the same team, with friends, and with coaches - dads that they knew. It has been a walloping, whooping, baseball love fest - for all. BOY is playing catcher and enjoying it. GIRL, well...my GIRL is loving it! And, she is kicking ass! A couple of weeks ago she hit the ball so hard she dented the bat. Damn...GIRL!
Arcadia Nut Brown Ale 5.6%
Another moment of "preparation" that has a lot of dramatic weight. Because it's a moment of "pause", there's a stillness that lets you look at his face and read emotions into it. Again, in moments of action, the faces of the characters tend to be contorted with effort and strain...which means you can't play deeper, more thoughtful types of emotions on their faces. When you're dodging a punch or firing a gun you can't be reflective or thoughtful, so the "Pulp Cover" kind of painting can never be that deep or subtle in the emotions they portray.
I had a minor Heath Ledger thang, as I believe I've mentioned in the past. For a "conventionally handsome dude" - not my usual type at all; I generally like 'em geeky and skinny - I found him sexy as all hell, and an outstanding actor to boot.
Then Jesus said to his host, “When you give a luncheon or dinner, do not invite your friends, your brothers or sisters, your relatives, or your rich neighbors; if you do, they may invite you back and so you will be repaid. But when you give a banquet, invite the poor, the crippled, the lame, the blind, and you will be blessed. Although they cannot repay you, you will be repaid at the resurrection of the righteous.” Luke 14:12-14
Deportation my
He wants you to see, He wants you to see
Our minds are finite, they are small.
Is that not what we do here together, this morning at this annual men’s march Mass?
The above is my view about how to file a subsequent design application in China claiming the priority of the first foreign application for partial design. I hope that this article is helpful for you and we can have further discussions about this issue in the future.
The flashing neon lights of Las Vegas didn’t hold our attention for very long – something seemed to be missing? So we went in search of that something special and discovered ‘ The Valley of Fire’ Nevada’s oldest state park. What a find!
Eventually, we were all super pissed that these shallow, drunk assholes had ruined our fun night, we went home. None of us even threw a punch or retaliated in anyway and no one was hurt except for Angel, because he stepped on some glass it went through his shoe. Other than that, not a scratch.
Turmeric powder 1/2 teaspoon
Recently, a local man died and, in his will, he left his house to his son but one room in the house to his daughter. The brother and sister have since fallen out. The people I am staying with do not know how the sister gets to her room via the rest of the building which the brother owns if the brother decides to be really difficult about access.
Might there not be neurological reasons for the construction of certain buildings, or whole cities?
Me too..it has been a long road. If you are inclined to do so..please pray for complete healing and many pain free years.
Jesus was going throughout all Galilee, teaching in their synagogues and proclaiming the gospel of the kingdom, and healing every kind of disease and every kind of sickness among the people. (Matthew 4:23)
Today my circuit went like this:
And I'm sick of pretending
It was also reported by SAPA that the ANC under the chairmanship of Derek Hanekom continues its internal hearing against Malema and five other youth league leaders behind closed doors.
I was asked by a reader if I could write something about Adult Meltdowns. This is my attempt. It's not terribly good because I find this topic very difficult to write about.
Part one is the best section of the book. Reich’s analysis is concise, though well supported. The argumentation is spot on. He makes strong points, develops them and supports them without wandering too far from his central theme. He doesn’t simplify things, but manages to explain them well.
1. Take up religion. I tried Christianity. I joined the Jehovah’s Witnesses. Agnosticism and I were good friends, and it really is a religion if you think about it, because it’s still a belief. Twelve-step spirituality rounded out my twenties and carried me into my thirties. Finally I realized that I’m a Witch. I’ve been happy with my path ever since.
Add onion, garlic, parsley and cilantro to the fish.
There are also many unschoolers who do not believe that academic unschooling is possible. They say that if you trust your children to learn “academic” things, you should trust them in all things. Also, since everyone learns by all their activities, control of food, bedtime, etc is also life learning, and by limiting control of this you limit what your children will learn.
The British public are enjoying the benefits of smokefree drinking and dining and there is little appetite for a return to the bad old days of smoky pubs."
government.”
9. Alice in Wonderland
Deep Fried Chicken with mayonaise. Our tummy were almost full when it was served. Anyway, we manage to finish off the whole plate. Nice aroma and goes along really well with the mayonaise.
And then on Sunday – our friends’ baby’s 1st birthday. She is the closest baby I know to Acacia’s age. Every time I see her… I’m reminded of what I lost, what should have been. I wonder if I’ll ever not see that, if I’ll ever be able to see this little girl for her. Maybe someday.
Our most fun project, and one of the first projects in the studio, was making this bunting banner.
5-Did Adèle really love Charles for who he was as a person, or for what he represented in her life?
A whole butternut squash can look formidable- you look at it and wonder, how on earth am I going to cut this thing without an axe and without losing a digit or two? These two tutorials were very helpful, and now I've combined some of the tips to come up with a method that works for me, as follows:
. Those in authority openly demonstrate their rank.
Another night to fight through
It's called the Leia jacket and I do feel a bit like that strong (yet feminine) princess of Dantooine. I also feel a little lost, and I am so glad and so grateful that I have my "scruffy-lookin'" partner, L, to keep me going when the going gets rough.
Mister Man: Mommy, I wish I were an alien like that guy.
So you can see where I'm going with this: closing down Bitch PhD is like dying.
In a small Indian village Mandwa, Vijay Dinanath Chauhan (Hrithik Roshan) is taught by his principled father about the path of fire – AGNEEPATH. His life is completely shattered when the evil drug dealer Kancha (Sanjay Dutt) hangs his father to death. Vijay leaves for Bombay with his pregnantmother and has only one mission in life- to come back to Mandwa and bring back the glory of his father’s name.
The Trial Chamber rejects the joint criminal enterprise thesis. We shall have to await the full judgment to assess properly the reasoning of the Chamber. From the summary, it seems this was mainly based upon the facts of Taylor’s own personal role rather than the existence of the joint criminal enterprise. Elsewhere, including earlier posts on this blog, I have expressed concern about the breadth of a joint criminal enterprise notion that is ultimately premised on an enterprise that is not in fact criminal. Trying to overthrow a government and take power is not an offence under international criminal law. Facilitating the job of the Prosecutor by convicting individuals for acts that may have been a foreseeable consequence of such an enterprise – where the enterprise is not unlawful in itself – and in the absence of evidence that the accused actually knew of the crimes or intended that they be committed is a bridge too far. It unacceptably stretches first principles
different materials would impermissibly vitiate this limitation.
Referred to casually as an "into Africa" scenario – as opposed to an "out of Africa" one – this would mean that "our ancestors lived in Europe and only later migrated to Africa, where modern humans are thought to have evolved."
Our little girl is getting better. She has been very sick and lost so much weight but now she's putting the pounds back on and is her sweet self.
The black and red color theme is continued inside with the Ebony leather-wrapped instrument panel and doors complemented by red stitching on the steering wheel, seats, console and shifter. The interior also gets microfiber suede accents on the seats, steering wheel, shifter and armrests, while the seat headrests carry an embossed centennial logo.
It did nothing to calm public fury; last week's demonstrations were among the largest seen so far. The killing of children has caused outrage. An 11-year-old girl was reportedly killed in a military operation in the town of Hirak last week. One of the coordinators of the protests in Deraa said that a young female cousin of Hamza's was killed on Friday in Al-Raftan after being fired on by security forces.
Ephesians 4.
First off It's Shrove Tuesday. Secondly, it's OpenIt this weekend, so I thought I'd start cracking a few early just to be cheeky. Thirdly, I got quite a bit of inspiration from Mark's FABPOW, and decided to make some pancakes and beer for myself. The last bit of inspiration comes from BrewDog's 'PunkCake' twittering ideas - I read some interesting ones and thought I'd make my own. Turns out I had the perfect beer to bring it all together too.
Six months after her lover died in an arsonist's blaze, firefighter Lora Spade calls in the FBI's elite Serial Services Division to track the elusive killer. When Special Agent Kenton Lake is lured into a violent inferno, Lora pulls him to safety and is stunned - not by the fire, but by her own searing attraction to Kent. For the first time in months, she longs for something other than vengeance.
"Well you know what, PINTEREST? I'm giving her the STORE BOUGHT KIND. With it's ARTIFICIAL COLORS AND ALL!"
After you look through your wedding photos - whether printed proofs or online, you may want to order a few copies of pictures to gift to your parents and his. They're sure to appreciate the kind gesture. You can also make these prints holiday or special occasion gifts.
The researchers did also notice significantly greater weight loss among those who took prescription diet medications, which doubled the chances of 10 per cent weight loss.
I have taken the first step toward Enlightenment or Peace or whatever you want to call it. The first step is to realize you have been asleep and to wake up. Some people call it Awareness or Being Present. I just call it waking up.
NYC is known for good food and treats. When tourist come in town they always want to go to a popular cupcake shop, Magnolia Bakery. I never understood the hype about Magnolia's. It's good, but nothing special. Then recently, I came across Molly's Cupcakes and oh.my.gosh. Magnolia's cannot even compare to this place. Molly's is beyond amazing! We picked up these cupcakes for James' birthday last weekend...
Deep down I always enjoy my parents doing some shopping for my poor little soul. I may say to them that they should not spend their hard-earned money, yet it makes me feel a tad special when they give me some attention. I am the middle child after all.
“Honey, are you alright,” she asked.
Here's a little peak of what I'm working on......
4. Great dreamers grow to be independent, learning that they can make a difference all by themselves.
I went to bed at 11:00 last night; much later than I normally do on a school night. I also woke up-- wide awake-- at three o'clock in the morning. I was awake until half past four, at which time I knew I only had an hour before having to get up and go to work. All too soon, the alarm rang.
Why not realise that,
The lovely Melwyn claimed that, if I sent him/her my full bank details, then he/she “would be glad to credit (my) bank account with £75.00. Please send me the card by post.”
Maybe John Clare (though he ended up in an asylum, poor man) or W H Auden, who could never get warm enough and piled carpets on the beds of other people's houses where he was staying (once even a wardrobe apparently!). For that and his appalling personal hygiene I shouldn't like to have had Auden as a house guest.
“We don’t go to the theater to see appropriate behavior.”
Saxes: Benny Stone, Beth Rakestraw, John Rodriguez, Chris Cole, Greg Pattillo
Bella xxx
This is a sneak peak of a block tutorial I'll have posted on November 30th, to be featured on Sew I Quilt. I was trying to think outside of the box for this one (no pun intended), and i think i succeeded!
So, this matters why?
I suppose this shouldn’t be a big deal except for the fact that he’s been telling me that I’m the best. And now it appears that I’m not. And that makes me start questioning EVERYTHING all over again.
This weeks project Monday is "keeping it cool," the hot weather is everywhere right now. I don't know about you, but I step foot into the heat and I just want to go back inside and take a nap. Wake me when the sun dips down. But there are a few things I've been doing to try and beat the heat. Cool beverages to start. A glass of raspberry lemonade, or some malibu and pineapple, and of course my favorite, bubble tea. I also change into shorts or a dress after work. Wearing my hair up rather than down also seems to help me keep it cool. How about you, what are you doing to beat the heat?
And again, thanks to the Daufeldt family for sharing your children’s milestones with us. I am sure you will cherish the memories, as will we.
but I never saw how it came to me
...a descent into the Canyon is essential for a proper estimate of its details, and one can never realize the enormity of certain valleys, till he has crawled like a maimed insect at their base and looked thence upward to the narrowed sky.
Along with walking in beach sand,
It's with great satisfaction that I relate that al-Qaeda leader Fahd al-Quso reportedly got on the wrong side of a Predator missile in Yemen as he stepped out of his car and was turned into very nasty halal barbecued hamburger. He was an important figure in al-Qaeda in The Arabian Peninsula (AQAP)
"How in the world can you stay grounded and continue to have faith in God when these tragic things happen in your life and in the lives of others you love?"
Wanderer, there is no road--
I was convinced that there was no way these tacos could be better than, or even as good as, the queso fundido with roasted poblano peppers (rajas) and mushrooms (hongos) tacos we made back in May. First of all I love roasted poblanos and second of all, vegetarian tacos must be smothered in cheese in order to taste good, right?
As we headed north we passed Drumcilffe Cemetery where W.B. Yeats is buried. Yeats is the most famous Irishman associated with Sligo. He called Sligo “The Land of Heart’s Desire.” I spoke to Sherri about driving this road to and from Sligo when I was last here. I seem to remember driving it a lot but that can’t be because I was only in Ireland for one week and we eventually made our way all around the north-west of Ireland.
Some people say that such movements are at least a step in the right direction, perhaps a way station on the path to an ethnonationalism, but they are more likely, in my opinion, to divert people away, and to trap them in a cul-de-sac.
I colored this nice little girl with my copics: E00 - E50 - E51 - YG76 - YG63 - YG61 - B24 - E19 - E17 - YR21 - R21 - R17 - R22
It contained a book from my wishlist genre, "Billy Bathgate", a cute box of matches, a notebook and fridge magnet from "Berlin" and a lovely bookmark. There was also a Berlin postcard with scenes from there on it & a note from grovalskii written on the back. Thank you very much.
That magic question, “What is it?” is the sign that you have memorised the word. Once you are there, the meaning is much easier, because it is only one job instead of two.
I've decided to give 2 packages out this time~
I am trained to help Hindus, Buddhists, Jains, Christians and atheists to grow spiritually. I shall commit to a monthly meeting with the concerned person in a neutral setting like a restaurant. By profession I am a permanent Assistant Professor in English who after having cleared the UGC conducted NET examination has studied religion and spiritual guidance separately in a seminary. By birth and conviction I am a Hindu, by orientation I am a humanist and believe in the power of the spoken/written word to change others. I am married with one daughter. I am now completing my PhD. I write in both Catholic and Hindu journals. I also have a protected blog. The following are the exact services I offer: a) Helping the client to grow spiritually and later self-actualize/ grow in self esteem. b) I use contemporary psychoanalytical tools to support the individual including basic Yoga and art ( visual, textual and philosophical) therapies. c) I am available to a client who finds me suitable for her/himself through chat, Blackberry Messenger and texting after the first meeting. What I do not offer: a) Help for psychiatric disorders. ( I can refer the client to psychiatrists and after medication, one can continue with therapy) b) Change of another's belief system. c) Taking decisions for others. d) I lay no value in miracles and would help the client to see the miracle of daily life. Demands from the client. a) Footing of the bill at the tea / coffee place. b) Rs 500/- for per face to face interaction. c) A monthly fee of Rs 500 for the whole month; to be payed in advance if the client clicks with me and wants to continue the process of self-actualization. d) Return same day flight to and from your city ( if you are outside of Kolkata) and conveyance to and from the airport. What to expect from spiritual counselling? a) Peace and increased self-confidence. b) Acceptance of the Self. c) Ability to do away with spiritual counselling and becoming a guide of others down the line. d) Greater feelings of autonomy and well- being.
Anyone who looks at the facts about web advertising has to conclude that while there are some people who know what they're doing, most web advertisers might as well stand on the roof and make paper airplanes out of thousand dollar bills.
57. Wants everyone who is reading this to come visit me at Classroom Corner if you live nearby! We have some really cool things for your kiddos and some aweseome classes / camps to offer this summer!!
Ever so sweet at first
It was after a 2009 trip to Montreal, when he used that city’s BIXI bikes, that he made the move to his current ride — a delivery bike from Dutch manufacturer Batavus. Like the BIXI, its upright position and foot-forward geometry make for a comfortable, leisurely ride. The built-in racks allow for plenty of panniers, baskets and bags. The fully enclosed chain means no rusting and no greasy pant legs.
I'm just not sure what I think of Habibi as a whole. I can't say that I liked it, but it's certain to stick in my mind for a good while.
The opening date for the new Berlin - Brandenburg airport has been postponed.
rushonrock: Musically, what do you want to give fans with this release?
Codings within you are being activated by Divine intent. Monumental changes which would have created havoc around the globe are occurring in small increments, bringing the necessary changes into being in as safe a fashion as possible as you make greater and greater changes within yourselves. A great deal of the stress which your dear mother planet needed to relieve was due to the stresses in your own make-up. As you become clearer and clearer, the immense stress she has taken on become less and less urgent. Also, as you become clearer, the means to reverse the damage done to her are beginning to surface in your consciousness.
I slept the most last night, 4 hours, than I have in 5 nights. It is so amazing how well you can function with little or no sleep.
I wonder what motivates some to study Philosophy professionally. Granted there are a certain number of jobs "teaching" at the university level, but for the most part.......Is a philosopher of any real value in the marketplace? Is it "pragmatic" from the technical or non philosophic stance, for most to study to become a "professional" philosopher? Will it work? I suppose it would if one just wants to sell insurance or something. Lot less useful in the real world than studying small engine repair likely. The in depth study of philosophy should probably be relegated to the world of hobby. Like stamp collecting.
After dinner, Yoochun take shower while Junsu do the dishes. Yoochun almost cough on his own saliva when he enters the room. It’s all new for him. The bed sheet, the curtain, and the position of each thing. All new. They become a bright color, a lovely yet romantic one.
Plus, it’s lovely to talk to other writers about their work. And critiquing other work is very helpful in the revision process of your own.
Yes, I'm back from Revision Beach! I really missed reading all your blogs and participating in the MG love. Revisions are going well, but not as well as I'd hoped (so I may take some more time off soon). I've just about finished Draft 3 of my own MG novel. After another six or ten revisions, I may even be ready to start querying! :) I started a query letter, so that's progress. And I'm working my way through the agent interviews over at Literary Rambles.
I don’t like the way it sounds….”It is impossible”. After playing Birmingham, we host Leyton Orient in the 5th round replay before playing Sunderland in the league. We can do without El Capitan for these 3 games but we must do everything in our power to ensure that El Capitan plays at the home ground of those Aliens in Krypton.
Partitioned : Yes
Written by Robert Bernstein, Penciled/Inked by Al Plastino
I was informed by a friend earlier today that USATF CEO, Doug Logan, has sent out an invitation to athletes attending this weekends Indoor National Championships inviting them to meet with him on Friday to discuss concerns they have about the sport. Follow up calls confirmed that indeed athletes have been receiving invitations.
China’s state-owned banks were beginning to lend according to commercial criteria when the 2008 crisis struck. The bills from the stimulus are coming due, but more importantly Beijing is running out of time to create market-oriented banks, as the shadow banking system shows. A new reform program that reveals the true state of bank balance sheets and makes bank managers accountable to the market rather than the Communist Party is the only way to restore confidence.
So I watch both Rooftop Prince and The King 2 Hearts and I love them both equally but for very, very different reasons. And in the States, I always have to watch The Vampire Diaries before I go to bed on Thursday night. I don’t care how late it is because the loopholes and cliffhangers always provides me with water cooler material the next morning. However, it’s a coincidence that all 3 shows provided me with very watch-worthy, plot-moving men that make them a very, merry must-see. It’s funny how 3 very different shows can do that.
I want to work with an author to make their book more saleable, while also keeping their vision – the words are theirs but they have come to me to help sell the book.
I don’t dispute LL Cool J’s rapping ability, but I do dispute the importance of such hits as “Mama Said Knock You Out” and “Goin’ Back to Cali” in the great scheme of music.
A sneak peek at my offering to be unveiled on the EHAG Emporium, October 31, 9 pm eastern. So when you're done ghosting and ghouling, grab a cup of brew and sit a spell as you see the online show!
South Africa’s murder rate has dropped by 52 per cent since the end of apartheid in 1994, but it remains one of the most crime-ridden countries in the world.
. . . a peek at the inside . . .
I'm not looking for love, so save your games for them
The optimum solution is to have the necessary systems and resources in place before an event like this occurs. Alternative logistics plans, sufficient hardware, expanded port and airport facilities, redundant systems of governance should an event paralyze the existing structure.
YELLOW BANANA SPLIT SUCKER
After almost 3 weeks of no internet (note to self, switch from century link as soon as possible), I’m back.
Beccy's Place Digital Image
Next, take some of the leftover white chocolate from the dipping and, using CANDY COLOR DYE, dye it black. I capitalized candy color because it you use icing dye, the water based dye will cause the chocolate to seize and it will be ruined. You need to use Candy Dye, which is oil based. If the chocolate has hardened, re-melt either in the microwave or a double boiler. Again, click here for a review of the process.
So they did another blood test for my glucosamine levels. This time, rather than registering “HIGH” like last time, it registered 419. It’s great that it was low enough to register (and if you factor in how freaked and agitated I was, that number’s probably much higher than what I’d have tested at home). But my blood sugar should still be down under 150, so we’ve got a little bit of work to do. It’s promising to see that the insulin and diet have been helping, though! The doctor upped my insulin dosage to 2 units twice a day, which is no big deal as I’ve been getting shots twice a day anyhow. She ordered another fructosamine test, and I’m expecting that the number will be much lower than last time – maybe even low enough to be “fair” rather than “omg this cat is made of sugar!”
Harvard cardiologist Herbert Benson, MD, identified the flip side of the stress response, which he called the “relaxation response.” Benson demonstrated that meditation, yoga, and other relaxation techniques can bring about physiological changes including a lower heart rate, lower breathing rate, and decreased muscle tension along with positive changes in brain waves. Mind-body techniques that elicit this relaxation response have been successful in treating many stress-related disorders.
The following is an email conversation I had with BFF the other day.
That Jeter found his way to us and chose us to live with, is not lost on me. It continues to be a great gift and a blessing in my life. Here’s what I love about my dog:
Is not a holiday without a musical. And this one is the most charming Christmas musical story.
In these days I'm feeling a bit worried about a friend of mine who lives in Japan and I haven't been talking with him for 2 years. Maybe this summer I will go to Tokyo so I may see him, I'm quite scared of going to Japan alone but for a friend I will do it.
Why then, might I choose the other option (1/60″ at f/11)? One reason is that I might want the greater depth of field to capture a more dramatic scene. I might also be photographing something with moving water (say, Niagara Falls) and want to get the streaky movement of the water rather than freezing it like some sort of glasslike substance! (Actually, for water, I would probably opt for 1/30″ at f/16 or 1/15″ at f/22, all of which are equivalent values to the other two light-wise.)
Maquillage Face Creator 3D in #33 - white used as highlight
With priorities and life and budgets....Ughhh those darn budgets (She really hates those!)
I sometimes wonder if our chickens ever realize how popular they are in this world.
This past weekend, my husband and I started the ball rolling on creating that perfect office -- or at least as close as I can get for the price of a gallon of paint and a sore back from moving a lot of furniture.
His little body was weary,
Zucchini seems to be taking over our gardens, CSA baskets, farmer's markets and consequently our kitchens. Here is little info on zucchini and a simple and quick recipe that will help with all that zucchini!
-Grifter is saved by some woman named Nico(Cheshire?)
Here is the holy card image that was the inspiration for the scapular. I shrunk the image down to scapular size, printed it up and traced around the medals to create my felt template, I always make these out of tracing paper. Except for the medals, everything else is embroidery work.
Silk top, vintage, thrifted ($5)
After reading the book, Outliers, by Malcom Gladwell, I was wondering if, after I hit the ten year mark, that things would start to take off. And they have. You see, Mr. Gladwell’s book focuses on the magic number of 10,000 hours. Once you do something for 10,000 hours, you become an expert. You become successful. The world starts to see your worth. The world is filled with stories of “overnight” successes who, when interviewed, tell their audience that they have been slogging away at their craft for, you guessed it, 10 years. The Beatles played clubs in Germany for 10 hours a day for quite a long time. It is in those clubs that they developed themselves as musicians and as a group. I imagine when they started they were pretty awful. Nobody starts out as an expert.
As I walk through the door it immediately feels different. Row upon row of chairs fill the hall's empty floor space, facing expectantly towards the stage. People are moving around, checking the lights, placing the props, setting up the bar; each of them quiet but purposeful.
He'll find a girl waiting at his flat and will suggest that she might be more comfortable in his bed:
So, Script Frenzy has been an *epic* fail. I have…3 pages of my goal of 25. So…looks like Authors should stick to Novel Writing. ON THE PLUS SIDE!!!! I got a story published on TeenInk.com, called “The Night Hunters”, it would be much appreciated for anyone to read, comment, recommend or rate it, as it has only got 65 views, and 0 comments, ratings, and recommendations.
“I’m not desperate,” I pleaded. I tried to push him off of me. I tried to reach the door handle.
Hall takes a populist, irreverent approach to the plays, importing quotes from British popular culture into their productions, just as the 16th century playhouses had acrobats and jugglers to entertain the groundlings. As in Shakespeare's day, Propeller is an all-male troupe. This might in fact be the most interesting aspect of their work, as it promisingly highlights the playfulness of gender in Shakespeare's texts. Even the set design is a take on the classic Elizabethan stage: it's a bare playing space with a balcony back stage over doors leading to the tiring room, the whole capped by representations of the heavens - a full moon in the first half, stars in the second.
Took a car downtown where the lost boys meet
“King Kong was the first to climb them in Dino DeLaurentis’s pointless 1976 remake of the giant gorilla classic.. They’d been smashed by tidal waves, blasted by aliens, shattered by meteor strikes, and pulverized by rogue asteroids. The terrible fall of the World Trade Center towers on September 11 had a curious inevitability of an answered prayer or the successful result of a black magic ritual.
Samuel Smith Old Brewery (Tadcaster) Samuel Smith's Winter Welcome Ale
I either run or bicycle every day. Every. Single. Day. So naturally, I'm in as good of shape bicycling as I am running. Ok, I'm not going to win the Tour De France or compete in the Olympics but generally there aren't a lot of people passing me up when I'm out there.
Scott: I’m using the process of elimination
OK. So a few weeks ago I shared some publications. This week I thought I'd share some cards that didn't make the cut.
6. The animal health authority in not educated in how to disclose sexual abuse of animals.
What an amazing turn out, I personal had a hard time choosing what projects were my favorite, but like always the whole team has a say in the picking process. So we have voted, and here are the results.
And why is it a dog’s fur can soak up oil to save the gulf but cannot soak up soap and water to save my sheets?
-”How long does it take to grow your beautiful hair again?”
c. If the Court ruled that the law, the legislative decree or the bylaw was unconstitutional, the items found to be unconstitutional shall be annulled with retroactive effect and all their consequences shall be removed.
The man who liberated his country from the tyrannical monarchy of King Idris back in 1969… was tried and sentenced by bullet today.
You do NOT want to brew a normal pot of coffee for your iced coffee.
In summary then, as an addition to a wargamer's armoury - and a pulp sci-fi fan's mental furniture - I feel Conflict on Mars! does deliver, and it certainly represents a sizeable step forward in the development of When the Navy Walked as a setting, system and brand.
1/4 cup half and half (or water if you are going to keep the cookies around unrefrigerated for a while)
After a less than stellar ending to last year, it felt good to have a successful booth at Novice Invitational this year. It's always a pretty good event for me - I think that by March, people have paid off their holiday bills and are looking forward to buying something new for the spring. In addition to what sold over the weekend, I also had a couple of people wanting custom orders or wondering if a specific set was still available.
"Socialite...
Some of the things that are accepted and not accepted are listed below.
This skill can take months, even years to perfect. As I continue to explore my spirituality, I must exercise patience and accept this gift as it is given. I've only just begun.
If you're a coupon clipper, now's a good time to head over to your friendly neighborhood Albertson's. From Tuesday through Thursday only, they're tripling all manufacturer's coupons up to 75¢.
or Creole seasoning mix like most stores do these days, but these simple salted ones took me back to my Papa and Grandma’s boucheries.
PUTAR: Is the French President less sports loving than the Australian Prime Minister?
It is one of those demographic questions that nobody is addressing. If all this wealth is locked up in housing and a good deal of it belongs to the old, then surely there will be more and more of this ‘nailing granny to the floor’ phenomenon that takes place.
Perhaps the only criticism was the sidepod battery mounting, despite several incidents, this never put any one in danger, so this never proved to be an unsafe installation.
This is the scariest kind of villain, and also, not at all three dimensional. Pure evillll! I think about the Omega here. (I’m not past Phury’s book yet, so maybe the Omega evolves and takes on dimension.) Anyway, OMG, I had total nightmares about the Omega when I was reading Phury’s book and had to stop. He’s almost like a horror movie villain, more monster than character, at least as far as I read.
These days it’s all about trying to find that perfect piece for the front window display or the perfect antique cabinet or table to fit in a certain spot in the store. I find that I don’t make rash decisions these days about pieces of furniture. Instead I sit and wait patiently for the perfect piece to come along.
So...Peter was right. These shoes are a bit more amazing than I thought. I can't believe I PR'd my 2 mile standard on my first run out...
The pepperoni roll will be oozing with cheese and looking quite scrumptious. Let it cool before cutting for heaven's sake! I know it's tempting to dive right in there, but give it time to cool and set up.
“I listened to all these men at our meeting, and sat there wondering why people were continuously claiming that ‘Boers had no leaders’ amongst them. On the contrary, we have a great many people with leadership potential as was clearly shown at this meeting. These people are motivated by the noblest of ideals and there are many such potential leaders who will help place us back on our road to true freedom.’
for a moment i thought that may started tomorrow.
15-Biko
Stop Press... updated. Our freecycler received a "Dyson Vacumn" in response to her plea.
1 strip raw bacon, finely chopped (optional)
Ollie was sitting on the sofa, watching TV, when he first noticed his hand disappear. He was about to scratch his nose when there it was. Or rather, there it wasn’t. Right up to his elbow, it wasn’t. Then, back it came, just as suddenly. It looked a bit electrical around the edges, but otherwise … Ollie held it up to his face, palm first, and spread out his fingers. All accounted for; although the end of his index finger had a slight glow to it, he thought. He pressed his palm up against his nose, and sniffed. Chocolate and chips; nothing unusual. Also pocket fluff and small change. Again, not unusual. Ozone and cordite – well, that was a bit out of the ordinary.
Just one note of caution – growing vegetables on a large scale is hard work! Over the summer you need to plan for you or your gardener to be around to pick fruit & veg. regularly, to keep the weeds and slugs at bay, and to do lots of watering – assuming we are lucky enough to have some decent weather. From my own experience on an allotment with heavy soil, no two years are the same weather-wise and I never know what will succeed from one year to the next. But there’s no getting away from it, growing – not to mention eating – your own fruit & veg. is a seriously satisfying way to spend your time. Go for it!
Then you should wash your hair and head with white vinegar that has being heated. Leave it in your hair for more than fifteen minutes. Make sure you do not miss a dry elsewhere lice will find refuge in the uncontaminated part. The hair can then be wrapped in a cloth or a plastic. Lavender is another herb that has antiseptic, anti-inflammatory and anti-bacterial properties.
I am so disappointed.
OK, OK, social media is the next big thing. How can you start to take advantage of it?
Easy for someone who’s not suicidal to say, I know. Especially since people who commit suicide very often suffer from a mental illness like depression or bipolar disorder. I’ve gone through my own mental issues with my anxiety and I’ve had times where I felt like I’d never be happy again. But then I would wake up the next morning with at least a little bit of hope. Mental illness can rob a person of that feeling, which is about the saddest thing I can think of.
I'll just be crossing my fingers that someone as good as the present incumbent applies.
It isn't like we're an old married couple, but over the past few years my boyfriend and me have worn each other down on the burning issues - how much money he spends on computer games, my smoking, his laundry, me watching porn in bed when he's trying to sleep, him refusing to talk on the phone to my mother. We've learned to negotiate. I was enjoying this stage in our relationship - not settled exactly - we still like doing sex and I'm not past missing him when he isn't around - but I was sure we didn't need to worry about the deal-breakers anymore. Then we had a bit of an incident, a sort of accident with a milk bottle, and it's set us back. We're arguing again: he thinks we should give ourselves up and I think we should hide the body and move to Wigan. We've decided to leave it where it is for the time being and give ourselves a week to talk and come to some kind of compromise.
And again!
Things were actually moving along pretty smoothly until we discovered last weekend that we (actually me, myself, and I) had picked out a paint color for the kitchen cabinets that is all wrong. The problem was I thought I knew what color I wanted for my cabinets, but I was mistaken. In my defense, paint colors really are tricky. So it's been one of those "live and learn" weeks for me.
Returning to my simplified definition of genre, "superhero" would seem to be a genre defined first and foremost by "character." I have seen attempts (not Scipio's) in which a given fan tries to confine superheroes to modern-day cities, thus making it impossible for costumed cowboys like the Two-Gun Kid or the Black Rider to qualify. I reject these as mere fannish preference, not logical deduction, for the irrelevance of setting should be confirmed simply by the existence of a superhero feature set in the future, as evidenced by DC's "Legion of Super-Heroes."
Here’s to you, Hitch, for a life well-lived; your unshakable courage on top of eloquence and wit. I am proud to be able to say that I met you once briefly and that we shared a few words over a then-recent event of mutual interest.
I know that I'm not the first mom to go through this and I know that I'm won't be the last. This has been a rough year for us and I'm so happy that we have pulled through everything together. My "baby" has grown so much and I'm so incredibly proud of him. Overflowing with love right now. :)
**If your a New follower be sure to leave a comment and I will follow you back (it may take me a day or two)
So little time to post at present. My wife's chosen epitaph for me. "He just didn't have time". But now that the Six Nations is over I thought I'd choose my teams of the Tournament, and tomorrow's Lions team. I wasn't going to bother until I caught up with Paul Ackford's assessment in today's Telegraph. Just screwed the paper up and threw it in the fire. He's either blind or biased. Time for the management to give him something else to write about. How on earth can he leave the 'Player of the Tournament', Dan Lydiate out of either team. Its this sort of reporting that threatens the Union. Definitely makes me feel more Welsh - which may influence my selections.
We all do it. The online wishing, the bored at work dreaming. The online window shopping. If I had random extra money I would buy myself lots of random, beautiful, interesting, fashionable things. Instead of just dreaming about these items and then silently crying that I can't buy them for myself, I'm going to share them here. And then maybe you can buy them for me. ha! kidding! you can buy them for yourself and then I will envy you and stare at your new items, found here, with such longing that it will become awkward and we will no longer be friends... ahem... On to the list.
Speculation is now intensifying that hardliners are plotting to unseat him before the 13th General eelection is held. Najib has until 2013 to stay in power, with the Election Commission confirming that Parliament will dissolve automatically on April 24, 2013 unless Najib does it earlier.
Willie Walsh, the boss of International Airlines Group, has said he will not be engaging in the coalition’s long-awaited consultation on the future of Britain’s airports because the government “has no idea what it is talking about”.
And I’ll gamble away my fright.
4. Allowing their children to run wild.
The National Day of Prayer tradition predates the founding of the United States of America, evidenced by the Continental Congress’ proclamation in 1775 setting aside a day of prayer. In 1952, Congress established an annual day of prayer and, in 1988, that law was amended, designating the National Day of Prayer as the first Thursday in May.
The road to success... is always under construction.
We cant wait to see your entries this week and don't forget any type of crafter can enter Allsorts challenges whether your craft is knitting, crocheting, crossstitching, dressmaking, altered art , painting or papercrafting we would love to see your creations
-gone on countless walks around the neighborhood
God just wills things- like naming an outcome- and then things can happen by themselves, right?
Which after I watched (as much as I love chick flicks) THIS ONE became much more than that to me.
1 heavily
When you're visiting the Louvre and ogling all those amazing masterpieces from your art history books, it's easy to forget that the Louvre was first and foremost, not a museum, but a royal residence. That is, it was until Louis XIV decided to decamp Paris for the grander setting of Versailles. And despite the many renovations over the centuries, the galleries still bear the marks of the kings who used to live there. Here are just a few I captured on a recent visit:
“…a government-funded health commission should be set up to oversee…future research.”
I think Andy realized he overreacted.
So excuse me if my 15 minutes seems amusing to you. I'll be thinking about that while I am working my super-hero momma mojo until I meet your peppy face in person. And you will be in awe of my mad skillz.
Enter 'Dagger' John Hughes, the relentless first Archbishop of New York, who hammered the city for equal treatment for Catholics and managed to construct several New York institutions still in existence. Many scoffed at his idea of building a gigantic cathedral so far north of town.
Going to look into that.
But don’t let the two-hour running time make you think you don’t get a full dose of excellent poetry. Along with the slammers, our audience will be treated to a feature performance from Dwayne Morgan, probably Canada’s highest-profile Black spoken word artist with roots in the slam community. He will be gracing the stage with his artistry as Toronto continues its celebration of Black culture during Afrikan Heritage Month.
Even an Ohio professional cheeseburger maker feels comfortable in suggesting, by way of employee paychecks, that employees become neocons. But then again, Ohio has been SENSATIONAL – hasn’t it?
Of course, Alexa spawned the first time. Did they change that or did I just get lucky?
And here’s a bit more detail on the services required:
Here are some close-up's:
The magic of meeting the most generous and kind people who have nothing, not even the right shoes, no socks but will give you their unconditional support, help, smiles, will dance and sing with you.
In brief: getting simple reassurance can prove quite an adventure.
If so, then does this form of discrimination also indicate the continued existence of the socially sanctioned persecution of those who are considered ‘different’?
To ease these newbies in to the world of respectable gaming we chose "Ticket to Ride- Europe". Tap and Maggie learned the rules very quickly, and we launched into the thick of things right off. Oddly, unlike previous games that have been played like four-way solitaire, this game was much more interactive, with people blocking each other off early on and 80% of the first third of the game taking place in France and Italy alone.
9:00am to 1:00pm
2 tablespoons chunky peanut butter
The end of Book 3. See... do you see why I NEED book 4 now! You cannot just leave off with them hugging and crying and smiling with a vampire mommy! Is this why they have special powers? Who is Lorcan to them any how? I thought he had romantic feelings for Grace. How can that be?
Bam-Bam, picking up my umbrella: "Does it shoots? Like da Ping-wen?"
And now on Bianca. She is a wonderful character. Lars introduces her as a wheel chair bounded missionary who loves kids and has nurses training. She becomes a very prominent member of the community. Volunteering at hospitals, helping at the church, everyone begins to care about her. At times Bianca gets more caught up in doing service in the town than spending time with Lars. She provides a kind image of good in people through these acts of kindness and service. The people look up to her image and try to follow her example.
The other day I was checking out some Italian villas based on Willow Decor's recommendation and I was completely struck with the colorful tiles, especially those on the floor. Maybe it's the wallpapered ceiling in my powder room, but lately I'm drawn to patterns on places other than walls. And these tiles got me thinking about my kitchen. If I put down some fabulously colored tiles on the floor, what sort of cabinets would I then need? And so on.
A sense of scale
na hi suptasya simhasya
I woke up to this text from Wayne.
tempted to violate God’s command not
The only thing I bought were the flowers from Trader Joes.
Motocicleta. Motorad. Moto. While the word motorcycle may be spelled or pronounced differently by female riders around the globe, the emotions and empowerment they share when they twist the throttle of their own motorcycle is universal. More and more women from all walks of life are getting in the saddle of their own motorcycles and grabbing life by the handlebars, and Harley-Davidson is their brand of choice. Harley-Davidson is the number one market share leader among women, selling more new motorcycles to women than any other motorcycle manufacturer.
Things to consider: From what I gather, the funds go directly to the project you select which is fantastic, but as with most, if the gift you choose is over-funded, your money will go into CMS’s general fund, to support the costs of our missionaries on the field. Ultimately, it goes to the work of the gospel somewhere! I’m not sure as to the admin/fundraising percentage for CMS, a little more online transparency would be helpful, but I do know that they operate with several CMS funds for specific purposes, some of which are tax deducatable, some are not.
So here he is. Our beautiful baby boy-
3)Collect all the letters and unscramble the word.
The brewery was a family owned and operated enterprise with a fiercely loyal customer base for over 100 years until it was bought out by the Miller Brewing Company in 1988. Some of the top executives at the brewery continue to be in the Leinenkugel family, but in today's world relinquishing of control to a major conglomerate like Miller could very easily spell the end of Leinie's at some time in the future. There won't be any more retooling to put out soda and near beer to weather some future economic storm; rather it will be the standard story of American industry: You're not making the cut any more. Goodbye. Lights out. And that would be a sad day.
Mr. Hamlin is candid to share a time when the first revelation of his traumatizing past caught up him. He was in the military, home for thanksgiving break when he and two other passengers in a friend’s car were hit by a drunk driver who had two female passengers in the car as well.
The final 50 stories can be found online here. Do have a look if you get the chance. I've only read a few of them so far but it really does warm my heart to see how talented and creative our children are.
Be an extra on Offspring (or be discovered and offered a leading role – I’m not fussed)
The ride was, as always, tourist filled and beautiful and there really may be no better feeling in the world then sea breeze brushing around you, even if it is from the Hudson river. Dan and I are such huge talkers (we actually missed two ferries because we weren't paying adequate attention, thank goodness it was rush hour) that I imagine we sounded like two children's footsteps chasing a new kitten around an attic to a bystander down below (or just the German tourists to our left.) Upon disembarking we ran to the S46 and spent the next twenty minutes craning our necks out the window in hopes of spotting the proper exit point. Dan asked, "don't they announce the stops on a bus?" No Dan, no they do not, that would be far too practical for our oft-confused MTA system.
Every time I hear the dirty word 'exercise', I wash my mouth out with chocolate.
And fool enough to think that's
Despite a show title that suggested a possible grimness (Nevil Shute’s hopeless post-apocalyptic novel) or an absence of mind/center (the lopping of “Einstein” to make the new title), “On the Beach” delivered a casually cohesive and oxygenated evening of performance.
The falling pass rate is worsening a skills shortage in a country where a lack of engineers, technicians and other skilled personnel has forced companies such as Sasol Ltd., the world’s largest producer of motor fuel from coal, to hire workers from abroad. It’s also fed a 24.5 percent unemployment rate and hamstrung efforts to boost an economy that shrank an estimated 1.9 percent last year.
Well, I got my Kindle for Christmas. I've read so much about Kindles, but it was still a shock to be able to press the One-Click button on Amazon and be told that the book I wanted would appear in a moment on my Kindle, and in the next instant look down and find it there, and with another flick of a button begin reading - and all for less than two quid! Maybe I'll get used to it, but at present this does seem to make books kind of magical. Although I am getting used to it: there's another book I want, King Crow by Michael Stewart, and actually, I sent off for it in early December and it never arrived, so rather than bother chasing it up I'll just download it on Kindle, shall I? Oh hey, no, it's not on Kindle.* I've got to bother chasing it up after all, or pay the print price all over again plus postage and packing and wait a day or two, when really I want to look at it NOW! And there are other books on Kindle: I can imagine a scenario where I just don't bother and get one of those instead (though I didn't do that). And since my own books aren't yet on Kindle (they will be eventually, I'm told) I'm jealous of all those authors whose books already are - readers being able to get hold of them so quickly, so easily. People interested in my books have asked me if they're on Kindle and I have answered with equanimity (and, for a considerable time, little interest) that they aren't, imagining those readers happily ordering the print copies instead. Now, though, I'm imagining them instantly losing interest... Surely being on Kindle must make a difference to sales... Surely, as a small-publisher at a book fair said to me recently, even though the price of ebooks has been forced so low by Amazon, you can still turn a profit, as ebook sales can be phenomenal?
The Postal Service Act of 1925 provided for a special handling stamp on 4th class mail (packages) that would allow for the expeditious handling of that parcel similar to 1st class service.
Disclaimer: the date of this meditation (May 5th) is most likely NOT the date when these mass arrests will be taking place.
My Creative Time Stamps, All Star Baby, My best Buddy, Turn that frown upside down
“In the afternoon we were in a barge, watching the games on the river.
Overall, the chapters work well together, covering similar themes and topics, raising contemporary issues and reframing what may often be seen as ‘old ground’, all the while telling untold tales which reveal that bit more about women’s relationship with the law and social change.
January 29, 2012, 5:00 a.m.: A young man is caught stealing from a residential courtyard in Bamako’s Djelibougou neighborhood. Neighborhood youths tie him up and beat him before dousing him with gasoline and setting him alight. The young man is burned to death, and his body anonymously disposed of by a local trash collection crew. The stolen goods? Two sacks of charcoal, worth no more than US$5.00 each.
While I appreciate that the Daily Mail sifts the Internet daily for news pieces that will confirm to its readers that Muslims are all book-burning, wife-incarcerating, turban-wearing lunatics, and while I appreciate that this item is particularly attractive because of its salaciousness, if Lee Moran had troubled himself to do a little bit of research beyond translating an op-ed and a TV talking head, he would have discovered that in fact, a draft law to allow men to bonk their deceased wives does not exist. This may seem remarkable, given that Egyptians (i.e. scary mooslems) revolted in 2011 for PRECISELY this right, but there we are.If Mr Moran's googling had been more thorough he would have discovered that this rumour was started by a local wacko who, alas, has a public platform by virtue of the fact that he owns a satellite channel.This is what seems to be the timeline:
God is our queue because He has transformed us. He is our Lead, and our Compass.
“The elder or the son?”
"Goodbye! Goodbye!" he yelled. "See you tomorrow! I love you!"
I have a plan, which on paper is very clever; as soon as it starts to get cold – around September time – I get out my Winter Clothes. As soon as it starts to get warm – around nowish – I get out my Summer Clothes. Doesn’t it sound grand? Doesn’t it sound like something that would make Gok squeal You go girlfriend!
Karl: thanks for coming
When we are compelled by Him to come clean or to confess, we had better do it right away so that we can receive His forgiveness. Otherwise we might risk our hearts becoming harder and harder for His spirit to reach us. We can enter God’s rest by having a heart filled with courage, confidence and trust.
2. LONDON SCENE.
Some people call that learning from your mistakes but I prefer a more scientific perspective. I try things. I observe. Myself and others. I collect and record data. I reflect. I weigh things in my gut and spirit.
In my feedback, I kept finding myself wanting to link to a blog post. If you're reading this, you'll know that, unlike Emma's blog, this isn't a lit blog as such. It's a hotchpotch mishmash soupy stew of rants mixed with tips and info, seasoned with a dash of laughter and with some spicy personal details sprinkled over the top.
May 20, 2011, Apple Inc. and IPAD Ltd filed a lawsuit in Hong Kong against Proview International Holding Ltd, Proview Electronics Co (Taiwan) Ltd, Proview Technology (Shenzhen), Yang Rong-Shan (founder of the Proview Group and chairman and CEO of Proview Holdings who was adjudicated bankrupt on August 2, 2010) and Yoke Technology (Shenzhen). The Hong Kong case reveals many of the relevant facts: High Court Of The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Court Of First Instance, Action no. 739 of 2010 (HCA739/2010). On June 28, 2011 the Poon J. (潘兆初法官), decided and July 14, 2011 he motivated his decision to allow the interlocutory injunction and restrain the defendants to "sell, transfer, assign, otherwise dispose of and/or give good title" to the Chinese iPad trademarks.
Prayer for Family
Suddenly the entire room started rumbling. And then it started moving.
Price: $9.99 per pair
The decorators all share a fast, on-the-fly arc-length parameterization utility. I still have a few tweaks to make to one of the decorators before full production release, but the new library is going out to all beta users this morning.
The two sat there, enjoying the Champagne. It was nice, 'Petra thought. Just like in the old days. The light in the chandelier started flickering and 'Petra knew it was time. She looked at Eloise, and Eloise frowned slightly. It's time, isn't it? Well, let's go then 'Petra.
They allow you to take free samples at B&Q being the rather generous folk that they are, so I took as much as I could get away, with thinking maybe I'd use it for something in the future. Looking at the blank frames on my gallery wall, I figured I'd use it there.
Even with the self-proclaimed gleaning descriptions, these lineup is just not very enthralling.
Puget Energy, Inc., Alternative Energy, Deals By Sector, 2006 to YTD 2012 8
Inspiration Words: horizon, innocence, time--Use these words as jumping-off points for your journaling.
Since South Africa won the right to host the 2010 World Cup tournament, various officials and organisations have been lobbying for the decriminalisation of prostitution - ostensibly to secure the "human rights" of women trapped in sexual slavery.
Price: $75 + $6 Shipping
Nada~~
The “good thing” stems from what Thomas Cahill described in The Gifts of the Jews: How a Tribe of Desert Nomads Changed the Way Everyone Thinks and Feels. It’s the momentous and singular Biblical ideas of the equality and dignity of each individual, universal moral obligations, and great value placed on peace and justice. This, coupled with the Jewish arch-tradition of tikun olam, repairing the world.
10.Level-draining monsters: yes or no?
and I’m all they have left
For online degree programs you should have a computer with good internet speed. You can have interactive sessions through video conferences. You will get assignments that you have to submit on time. Be careful if you live in a different time zone and make sure to submit your work according to the university's time zone (where it is located). In the last few years the concept of education has changed a lot in the United States. Previously education was only confined to classrooms but now the mindsets are changing. People are getting more and more aware and attracted towards online studying. Online college degrees in the United States offers a variety of online courses. A person living in a far country can get a degree in any discipline he wants sitting in his home from a university located in a different country.
I can understand maybe if Santa were a real person, who could actually save us a ton of money by getting our kids a bunch of things they wanted if we could just wait until Christmas, but since that is not the case, I'm not convinced.
We had FUN.
"We must remember this . . . FREEDOM IS NOT FREE! It has been won by the blood, sweat, and toil of those before us who were willing to give their life for their country. Do not let their deeds be forgotten by those who take freedom for granted!" ~ VDS ~
While I am a perfectionist and my own worst task-master, I do have to occasionally let myself stop and spend some time doing something for myself that I truly enjoy. Today feels like one of those days! Among my varied interests and hobbies, I have one true passion that I do for the enjoyment of it and that is genealogy and tracing family trees. Crazy as it sounds, I look forward to spending an afternoon browsing online scanned images of 300 year old church record books the way that some women eagerly anticipate a trip to the spa…
Lehmberg's somewhat blindered, bunker mentality IMO doesn't stem from some nefarious desire to falsely convict anyone but from the tunnel vision that comes frpm working as a prosecutor in the same office for nearly forty years (which is how long she'll have been there when this contested next term ends). My sense is Charlie Baird will be more willing to try new things and move more aggressively to improve processes when errors happen, if only because he'll have no personal, institutional stakes in defending the status quo, a reflex which from time to time seems to stymie the incumbent.
Of course, there are very few moments of real silence for most of us. But that’s okay; it’s the listening really that matters. Really listening, being aware of the mundane sounds, the lovely sounds, the grating sounds. Being there in that moment.
The last bit of news today is concerning the Standard/Modern/Vintage Format for MTG.
You Asked: I have been trying to do that. My husband has dementia and I want to walk him beyond the security gate to the point where he actually boards the plane.
The noisy mob deride.
Well, he was awarded the OVERALL MVP! As a result of this honor he will attend the
With a smile they waved us into a field full of cars.
The indigenous people of this country are the ones whom the establishment, the media and those behind that shambles on Thursday night have spent the last fifty years discriminating against and seeking to dispossess.
This weekly ordeal was especially a tortuous thing for my oldest son, the most radically loyal fan of all, even to this day. Many a Sunday he would plead with me, practically in tears, “Can’t we miss church…just this once?”, to which I would unswervingly answer, “Get in the car!”. Football season was quite painful for him and I am sure that to some degree those times of sacrificing the Broncos for church was more than he could bear, perhaps scarring him for life.
Merriam-Webster Dictionary. I am the WORST speller in the world. Ok, no, I know that is not really true, I know a few people who are much worst! But I use this dictionary all the time! All my life, I have had a huge beef with dictionary’s. I couldn’t understand how to use the dictionary if I didn’t know HOW TO SPELL THE WORD! It has caused me even greater stress in my lacking of skills from my childhood through my adult hood. UGHHHH. But now with this new app. I can use the built in microphone and SAY the word and it will pop up with the spelling AND the definition for the word. I LOVE this app! It also has a little person inside that will pronounce the word properly. That is HUGE for me for some harder words. I would HATE to be a “Don King” with big words that aren’t pronounced properly or used in the wrong context. (oh! I have been known to do that too! But I don’t want to!) Cost: FREE – I LOVE FREE!
Spring Espresso at Number 45 Fossgate is a wonderful place to start your day. Try to make sure you’re there on a day when Tracey has just baked her signature ‘Bourbon, apple, pecan cake’ – worth travelling miles just for that, to be honest.
I admit, I prefer watching them bond over guitars, in the pool, playing baseball or playing World of Warcraft. I can't help it. I'm a girl. But I'm getting more male-educated and brother-enamored every day.
Samuel Beckett was born on Good Friday, April 13, 1906, near Dublin, Ireland. Raised in a middle class, Protestant home, the son of a quantity surveyor and a nurse, he was sent off at the age of 14 to attend the same school which Oscar Wilde had attended. Looking back on his childhood, he once remarked, "I had little talent for happiness."
Just a couple of complaints: I would've loved for more of a storyline about the monsters in the town, they were mentioned several times, but never really expanded upon. Also at times the characters do fall a bit flat, but, on the other hand, it works pretty well for the story.
So it is not that you are still trying to go along your path to earn the right to go home, it is much more fluid. And one of the things that you have been thinking of—and it has been true of all pathways taught—is that it is linear. If you are good, if you follow the righteous path, if you do good deeds and keep love in your heart, then you will deserve and become one with One again.
Once the cups were filled, I used McCormick Egg and Food Dye to color the batter. Many of the recipes I resourced used gel dye, but I didn't have the right colors. Next time, I will try the gel to see if there's a difference.
“We love and accept you even if you are bisexual?” Or, “Even though we don’t understand how you can be an atheist, of course we love and accept you.” Or maybe “Christ teaches us to love and accept all people, so we welcome and accept you, no matter what.” Well, a girl can hope, even at age 45, that her parents love her unconditionally. But that does not seem to be the case. Is it really that hard to say that your religion has perhaps taken the wrong stance all this time and that perhaps accepting others, no matter what, is a Christian thing to do?
I won’t go into the whole story here, since you can read it on Business Week’s site, but this is a smart move for several reasons. Why not try to broaden your product’s appeal? The target age audience is increasingly diverse and is often located in urban areas outside the Southeast. Coca-Cola’s Sprite and Fanta have gained market share in that age bracket.
I did not read these two book but rather listened to them, as I do audio book. I have a 45 minute commute to work each way and this is my free time.
When daddy came home we decided to do a walk(which we do quite often), this time we thought we would walk to the local shopping centre and have subway for dinner, score for me!!!! Night off from cooking again : ) 2 nights in a row!
Attributes: Agility-d8, Smarts-d4, Spirit-d12, Strength-d12+8, Vigor-d12
With all of that being said..I still liked it, I just didn't like it as much as I had hoped to.
Just look at all the loot!
will improve
I get that I live in Boston, I should be prepared for cold, etc. But I have to say I don't think there are many people who expect to have to scrape ICE off of their windshields at 6am when leaving for work. I've also had a chill since I got out of bed and have yet to shake it. The fact that my morning shuttle had no heat likely contributed to this annoyance.
Years of discussion led to two contradictory religious rulings in 2006, one requiring the ordination of gay and lesbian rabbis and another banning any such act. The two rabbinical seminaries affiliated with the movement in the U.S. move the ruling allowing the ordination, while the seminaries in Jerusalem and Buenos Aires adopted the ban on ordination. The issue nearly caused a rift in the movement.
Rémy: As you may know I was seeking for the slayersword for many years. I think I don't understand anything about the golden demon competition. I followed my path, I finnaly got my chance to win the Sword. The only rules this year were "only GW minis".
Remove skin from tomatoes and place in a food processor. Pinch the stem end from each pepper, remove any skin that has burned, and place into food processor with tomatoes.
NYT: The Courts Stand Up for Access to Reproductive Health Care. (“While these rulings are preliminary,” states the editorial, “each is a determination that enforcing the law would cause irreparable harm and that the plaintiffs are likely to prevail at trial.”)
So you decided to be a bum?
All systems are looking good. Kinlee got a little upset about getting undressed and having her temperature taken under her arm, of all things… but Dr. A was good about letting her keep her clothes on until she needed whatever was covered. (Weird that Kinlee was funny about taking her clothes off… Miss I Love My Skin generally is happy to run around in her “naked body” with panties only.)
toward the place where boozed-up
Thank you to everyone who entered for taking the time to give such thoughtful comments. I really appreciate all the feedback and am acting on it already.
As for the second one you'd hope that his knock knock joke is not the same one you read this morning in an email that was forwarded to you by that one friend everybody has that discovered the wonders of the (very) basic internet services and has no intention of improving on that knowledge and now just spend half a day forwarding lame jokes and captioned pictures that he thinks are hilarious (LOL :P LOL).
One final photo.....I love doing easel cards but I do find them difficult to photo!
Hi ya, all! If you are still with me, I am sharing a card featuring a super cute image that will be release on Tuesday, April 17th by Purple Onion Designs.
The stigma and intolerance of mental illness is ever pervasive in modern society. We live in a world that does not tolerate ‘difference’. A world of hatred against anyone not seen as ‘normal’. No wonder even ordinary people that get a diagnosis are so scared of what others will ‘think’ of us, and worry for our future – holding down a job, let alone a career is difficult when your illness can knock you off your feet at any time, such that you need to take more ‘sick’ leave than anyone else. But while many of differences gain support in the public eye to ‘stamp out’ things such as homophobia, racism and disability discrimination (which while it should encompass mental health issues these are rarely considered ‘real’ disabilities). Celebrities will ‘come out’ as being ‘gay’, and openly support various causes but who is willing to stand up for mental illness? Who will jump on the bandwagon for us?
So, I'm taking a breather for the next day or so. I plan on learning to relax.
Click on the URL for more info, a table of contents and to order in USD or GBP.
4: Badlands
heya tuls, what you up to now?
The Tenenbaum interview is posted by Debbie Rosenbaum. Debbie is currently completing a dual law and business degree at Harvard Law School and Harvard Business School and is a member of the team of Harvard Law School students who, under the guidance of Professor Charles Nesson, mounted Tenenbaum’s defence. There is quite a large blogging team with some pretty impressive CVs, so a site well worth watching.
Ignoring the grammatical issues/dubious word usage, I want to respond to this, because it’s just flat out incorrect… there are false premises and terrible logical mistakes.
Emotionally frozen I can’t handle. Throw plates at me, shout, slam doors but purleeeese do not give me the silent treatment. Unless you want to reduce me to nothing. Well, GG (gay guy) did it. He wooed me like few women will be wooed. And, three years later, and three years ago, he tossed me aside like he does his MACs and ipods. I didn’t know I came with an obsolence factor like a stocking with its inbuilt ladder. To paint the canvas: No one but no one, not male not female, tosses me aside. Sure, sometimes ties of friendship loosen. In an organic way. Not a violent severing. He broke my heart. He didn’t glance backwards once. But that’s the upper end of emotional autism for you. The one I can’t handle.
Return the drained pasta to the pot. Mix in the cooked bacon and mushrooms, the cheese sauce and the chopped spinach. Stir everything together gently until well combined. Spread the mixture into a lightly greased 1.5-quart casserole dish. Bake for 15-20 minutes or until the top is light golden and the cheese is bubbling. Serve warm and top with reserved cooked bacon pieces, if desired.
Granted, pretty much every beer had a pleasing cheese counterpart to accompany it, so all were enjoyable. I think the ability to mix and match a little more for this gathering had something to do with that, and the fact that some people who aren't as, well, nerdy about this stuff as others were able to try some palate-changing pairings. Plus, it was a great day to just shoot the shit and talk about the beverage in our glasses. All in all, it was a success, and we look forward to putting on more of these in the near future.
That Was Some Journey
After Stevie died, I swore that if I was ever pregnant again, I would do things differently. I wouldn't get my hopes up. I wouldn't assume being pregnant meant I'd be bringing home a baby. I wouldn't talk about my pregnancy all the time, take stupid belly pictures, or buy all that baby stuff. I wouldn't lay my heart out there on the line, only to be hurt and humiliated once again.
it seems to caution
Asked about the dangers of a sectarian legacy in Northern Ireland passing onto the next generation and about the future of schooling in Northern Ireland, Mr Robinson says: “You’re always going to have, in my view, a level of difficulty while we retain the separate schooling system.
“hey that’s really cool, can you show me how to do that”
At your 6 month check up you weighed 18 lbs even and you were 27 inches long, which puts you in the 90% for height and 80% for weight. You are currently wearing 6-9 month clothes, which is exactly where you should be. Although, if you get too much longer I might have to get some snap extenders! Dr. Melvin said it is time to start letting you try table food (although he doesn't know I already let you gnaw on bread!) and I am sure that in the next week we will see your very 1st tooth come in! Your gums are super swollen and you've been a little cranky...not to mention there is a huge knot on your lower gum! You've started sitting up but you are still very wobbly. You are growing out of your bouncy seat - it seems to bore you, but you have fallen in love with your jumpy! We have gotten in to a routine of playing in our jumpy before our afternoon nap and before bedtime - it wears you out! :)
She's pretty sensitive; if I yelp or raise my voice (can you imagine that I would ever need to do that, in a household with three wild boys in it?) she will sometimes cry. Especially if she's tired, and especially if she caused the yelp. She bites when she's breastfeeding, and damn if it doesn't make me yelp pretty loud. Not the occasional nip, like other babies. She full on BITES. Yowch. Then I yelp and bring her up to eye level and tell her no, and her face crumples and she starts wailing like I hurt her feelings. Yikes! Brent hurt her feelings the other day, too; I can't remember what she did, but it made him yelp and she got all weepy on him. With all the noise around here she's quite accustomed to loud noises; it is the emotion behind the noise that she reacts to, I think.
But warm relationship or no, I’m just not that invested in them to continue with their adventures, although I imagine the next novels in the series have a bit more of a structured plot. I can’t imagine Felix got away with… well… what people think he got away with, to keep things relatively spoiler-free.
Painted desert - painted wire and pink missfickle hoops which I squashed about a bit for a more organic shape. Kiwi jasper is so pretty, like turquoise and jade mixed together.
come upon this generation.
Unfortunately, Walter Burien was saving the best and most hard-hitting information for last. He didn’t get to mention many aspects of what I consider the most important information available on what some may call the real order of things. And he didn’t have the chance to tell George’s listeners about his new documentary that will be released in just about one more day.
“No. She died.”
- Intimately mix and even interbreed with non-Whites, especially negroes.
Monday: walk 5 minutes, jog 2 minutes, walk 5 minutes. That’s it. Gets you off your butt without killing you.
Eskom, which provides 95 percent of the country's power, has to foot a R385 billion bill to build more power stations to cope with rising demand.
Finding the One who is not busy... Finding the Ronnie who is not busy...
miserable in the grocery store, thinking
There are a few more that I can't remember. I also made one about the Simplex 4010:
3. Dwight Phillips World Long Jump Win – I think most had given up on Phillips for this season. After all, if not for the bye, he wouldn’t have been anywhere near the long jump final, finishing a distant 10 at U.S. Nationals. They say, however, never underestimate the heart of a champion, and Phillips embodied that statement as he nailed down yet another gold medal in a Major!
I never had a ‘you-can-have-whatever-you-want’ childhood, and was encouraged to save my money. My Mum told me that I could buy whatever I wanted if I saved up. They wanted to make sure I understood the value of money, and I think that was one of the best lessons I ever learned.
Sans elevated imprimatur, battlefield cowboys live no better than common sparrows.
Aside from a return to the blogosphere last weekend also provided some badly needed R&R in the form of a day in the Kent countryside. We were meant to be walking but as rain threatened we took detours to the homes of two remarkable men. First Down House, home and laboratory to the naturalist Charles Darwin, whose Origin of Species radically altered our understanding of mankind, provoking a debate between creationists and evolutionists that continually resurfaces (and has been much in the news this bicentennial year). Then to Chartwell, creation of Winston Churchill, a man who lived multiple lives as a journalist, soldier, politician, trade-union-card-carrying bricklayer, artist, Prime Minister and Nobel-prize-winning author in just one legendary incarnation. Both visits have caused me to dwell on the nature of thought, ideas, information and work.
Agatha’s Hair is Blond White, but quickly turns Black as she approaches him.
-Add chicken stock and salt to taste.
It flows into a wider sea
There ain’t no cure, there ain’t no cure, there ain’t no cure for love.
What do you think? Have you read these books? Have an opinion? Have you read any book that left you undecided?
Just pretending it’s okay
Released in '79, these Houston, Texas boys deliver an excellent slab of gorgeous punk slime with Nicki punk rock folklore, simple here;;
I came across some photos of Taniya Nayak's home in Boston. She is a host and designer on HGTV's Designed To Sell. She describes her home as a mix of transitional, industrial, and mid-century modern.
You’re the reject .and don’t have anything better to do
guide. Our guide took us into the lagoon at Epcot where the illuminations show takes
With its horns through mist and the castle
4. You can then access the calendar, and is free to check birthdays of members that are also in this Birthday RAK Club...and RAK away!!!
Apparently this will help me somehow. The hypnosis we did relates to sex, connection and my SO. So perhaps that’s how the phrase is relevant, but I can’t help but feel like there is more to it than this. I’m not a touchy person. I don’t care for being touched. I was rarely touched in my youth, and even now I’m particular about who touches me. Perhaps this is a wall that needs to be examined for other possible ideas, meanings, etc.
But! Here is a raven ON a writing desk, and there's no question that it's waaay better looking that the ivy-stickered mess it was before. From Emily at Youth Hostile.
Empress Broo takes control and Keira gets impatient (no surprise). Ann and Katie get some time traveling in. Team William and Team Colby fans will have more to argue about. And Jumper…well, he’s just as awesome as ever.
A trip to Paris in the Spring
It is clear that the accused does not represent a danger for society; she could work and even help the parents of autistic children.
Not too often, occasionally at the end of the summer when I know that if I don’t I will probably never remember and will end up with another enormous fine and be stuck without the use of my card until they have another one of those days where I can trade them cans of food to erase the fines!
Other measures of Rydex trading activity show even more positive bias. For example, if we look at the various Rydex sector mutual funds, we see that less than 10% of them have current assets higher than their 50 day moving average. This means that Rydex traders are exiting almost all sectors en masse. Historically when we’ve seen this level of reluctance to hold Rydex sector funds, a major low wasn’t too far away.
Four seasons, forty episodes, 2008 to 2011, and one actor shared with Downton Abbey: Brendan Coyle (Mr. Bates in “Downton Abbey,” Robert Timmins in “Lark Rise to Candleford”). Another actor, the most important one in the series for me, Julia Sawalha, who plays Dorcas Lane, is shared with BBC’s 1995 six-episode TV series “Pride and Prejudice” (which I've watched a dozen times at least): she was Elizabeth Bennet’s sister Lydia, the air-headed flirt who ran off with Wickham. It's illuminating how Sawalha pulls off extreme traits of idiot recklessness in Lydia and prudent serenity in Miss Lane.
Living in Turkey there are certain things that are hard (or simply not available) to purchase. Corn syrup is one of those things. I was actually pleased to make a pie without the corn syrup since it is really not healthy anyway. The recipe still has sugar in it, but at least it is not corn syrup. I had a little trouble finding a recipe with out corn syrup, but I figured they would exist since pecan pie was made before development of corn syrup. The pie turned out beautifully, rich and gooey without that sickly sweet taste you find normally. I found this recipe online at Allrecipes. I doubled the recipe and just used one pie shell since I found it made a shallow pie.
09.Pointing Bone
Last month, the city’s streets were adorned with city authority-ordained posters depiciting the condom as “man’s best friend” and “woman’s best friend”. In a city which has a collective dog obsession, in a metropolis where dogs are happily accepted in restaurants and pooch-owners lavish untold amounts of attention and money on their mutts, the campaign is a clever reminder of the effectiveness of the the humble condom in the protection against the AIDS virus.
In honor of the season four premiere, TheTwoCents is participating in the Burn Notice Giveaway. Simply comment to win! Two winners will be chosen at random on June 10th from the comment section on this very post. So… comment away! What has been your favorite episode so far? What are you expecting from season four? What do you love about the show?
And then...you see WHICH area is NUMBER ONE...
I suppose there is a rock scene just a few cities over. I guess there are stars on the streets downtown. There are maybe some important modernist buildings just sitting around, including the Wright in need of restoration and maybe even a few Eames. There’s a Nara and some Chihuly and a couple other beautiful things (I’d like to steal) in the city museum. And I guess the statues of of Sonny Bono and Lucille Ball mean that they lived here at a time.
I desperately wanted to talk with Marie-Jose, but to do so would have been irreverent. I glanced around and noticed so many of the people we have grown to love over the last eight years. It was a good meeting and, in the crush afterwards, we never managed to speak with Florent or Marie-Jose. It will be another eight months before we see them again. I think I'll invite them to dinner in May to make certain we get to talk. In the meantime, I'll practise my French.
And play Sims 3.
"Nine!, Eight!" ice clinked in glasses and the front door opened, a cool wind rubbing fast over my skin. A chilled breeze had my imagination me on the bow of a boat in the Northern sea, salty spray in my face.
In the first couple of days, still struggling with the new writing format, I was a bit too focused on how the layout of the page would look in the end which made me slow (I was indecisive and second-guessing it a lot) but slowly I started to try to just keep the number of panels per page in check and not be so perfectionist about where exactly they would go. I realized it was more important for me to spare most of the effort for the flow of the story right now. Layout problems can be solved later (or so I hope), even if some tweaking is needed. Still, I have to constantly remind myself to write first and edit later.
On-line medium is really a lot more rapidly than the traditional medium simply because it gives you assimilated money much quicker within the quite day time. Modest less-than-perfect credit cash advance Loan supply you with quick money with out requesting about the weighty procedures. It’s not necessary to location any beneficial investment as security to be a security to your Loan provider eliminating the risk and inconvenience. People with bad credit like CCJ’s, IVA, overdue bills, foreclosures, defaults, and a bankruptcy proceeding may easily make an application for these refinancing options. No food catering of faxations is needed on your part because they personal Loans software are free from documents and documentations. With this particular system it might be assured you get the specified total in 24 hours. The quantity got as Modest cash Loans can be used in any reason without the reduction. A smaller money problem may be easily under control if you take this financial loan. The quantity may well range about &pound1500 with payment tenure of three to five several weeks. It helps giving you better monetary shortages that arises previous to your following salaryday.
The pomegranate is dormant right now, but the lemon tree is full of bright sunny fruit. The plum tree is waiting until spring, but the rosemary and lavender are blooming with periwinkle blue blossoms. The silvery leaves of the olive tree sway in the rain against a backdrop of pink winter roses from the rosebush that I loved back to life and has no name.
The Daily Mail's findings indicate that the 2 Most Wanted militant Commanders including Maulvi Fazlullah and Qari Hussain were earlier reported to have been seriously injured during Pakistan Army's anti militancy operation, code-named "Operation Rah-e-Rast" and their hideouts were destroyed by law enforcing agencies in Swat, were secretly taken to Afghanistan by the operatives of Blackwater's or the Xe-Service and have recently surfaced in Afghanistan.
Right now we need to enlarge what we mean by “rich” beyond the 1% normally highlighted in leftist talk to at least the top 10% of income receivers. I think a problem for Labour and the left generally is that with a tradition of attacking just the 1% and a gut reaction of “let’s burn the bond holders”, they quite simply don’t have a plan B to make progress in the reduction of inequality when the 1% has us by the balls. What I’m saying is this: Ok, we may be forced to pay these international chancers but within the spending under our control, how can we move towards reduced inequality of income?
As he drags me off down the hall, I pray they have cheetos in heaven. The puffs, not the crunchies.
Fact: Therefore, I'm not interested in predominantly Black environments.
Mick Jagger and the rest of The Rolling Stones perform 25 songs on this concert DVD, and the track list is below. This film has no story, no acting, and no script. Unlike The Doors’ film, which was a dramatization of the band, Let’s Spend the Night Together is simply a recording of two separate concerts from the 1981 arena tour. Here is the track listing (in alphabetical order):
Meanwhile, sit back, grab some popcorn and watch Mr. Obama debate Mr. Obama over tax increases during economic downturns. Here he is in a 2009 interview with NBC’s Chuck Todd: “The last thing you want to do is raise taxes in the middle of a recession because that would just suck up, take more demand out of the economy and put businesses in a further hole.”
A major turning point of the American Revolution, the Battle of Guilford Courthouse - following as it did on the heels of the Patriot victories at Kings Mountain and Cowpens - allowed Greene to reconquer much of the South, while forcing Cornwallis into his final confrontation with George Washington.
Frank came up to the car as a zombie and asked in a low, slow voice, “Are you ready to order?”
So we just have family parties now, and they can invite their friends to those. It works.
I suppose that this is the point at which I admit that while I generally only watch scripted television as a rule, I do make one major exception, and that is American Idol. Why? Because despite what haters who want to hate might say, it is totally awesome. Granted, sometimes on Idol TPTB and/or the American public make frustratingly bad decisions. For instance, Jes Hudak made it past the auditions and was cut in the group rounds in Hollywood back in season 5, though she was never shown (I would know, I watched that season particularly closely – yeeeah POREH). Jackie Tohn made it all the way through to the voting rounds in season 8 but fell victim to the uberdumb Top 36 format and never really got a proper chance. But it’s just as well because if they had made it, we wouldn’t have Powerfox and Ponymane!
Murder your Maker? (100) - Complete the game
This is actually from a CD and not a record. Chia Pet was a band from Chicago in the late 80's early 90's. I saw these guys quite a few times as a kid because the drummer was a good skate buddy of mine. For those who have perhaps read everything I've written over the years you may have picked up on the fact that as a kid I was all about skateboarding. My friends and I had a skateboard team and we called ourselves Team SAP. If you ever wondered where the name for the blog came from, well now you have your answer. So below is a picture of Kurt Stevens who drummed in Chia Pet as well as another great Chicago band No Empathy.
Picking up the phone was an actual act of obedience. Had I not and confessed it later he would likely have punished me. He sees it as part of his role to protect me when I get myself wound up like this. Taking time and space to sort out my feelings is okay. Hiding and knowing when I've already thrown myself down the rabbit hole are not. I'm to find him, wherever he is.
Two recent developments, on two different sides of the world, have reopened my eyes to the flawed intermediary liability legal regime that currently exists in India. The first was the recent ruling of the second circuit appellate court in the United States in the much publicised Youtube-Viacom copyright infringement suit. The second one is closer home - the recent calls for the annulment of the Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines) 2011 from a Rajya Sabha MP and a writ petition filed in the Kerala High Court challenging the same guidelines.
Join us with your take on the current Sketch and you could win 3 of the newest digi release below.
I know my love is buried beneath,
Finally, there are politicians, who get blamed for a lot, sometimes wrongly. But they may also be the world’s pre-eminent blame shifters—demonizing rival politicians with eternal vigilance. Mr. Campbell does acknowledge exceptions to prominent leaders dodging blame. He cites Robert E. Lee’s post-Gettysburg mea culpa: “All of this has been my fault. I asked more of my men than should have been asked of them.” Then again, the architect of Pickett’s Charge had cause for humility.
To me it is a wonderful sight every time I leave that station, I don’t think I can ever tire of it, the Palace of Westminster is a wonderful building both inside and out. Tourist flock to it from all parts of the world and have their photos taken outside, nearly every photo album across to world probably has a photo of a family member grinning in front of Parliament with, what everyone calls Big Ben (St Stephens Tower), growing out of their head.
The eggs were decorated with all different types of designs and they were just about the coolest, most fragile things ever. Had I been going directly back to CPH after Vienna, I would have bought some as gifts because they were SO COOL, but they were far too fragile for me to drag around Berlin for five days.
There needs to be a cohesive fight for injustice for all of humanity; if you want to march wearing your black hoodie don’t just wear it in remembrance of Treyvon, where it for all who have been killed unjustly–from all ethnic backgrounds. Continue the protest of the innocent from big cities like NYC to small villages in Pakistan.
On Monday, Dec. 26, the Saints will host Atlanta in the Superdome for an ESPN-broadcast showdown with the Falcons (7:30 p.m. CT). The game will mark the third-consecutive year that the Saints will face the Falcons on Monday Night Football and the sixth time in the last seven seasons after the two clubs had never faced each other on Monday until 2005. New Orleans will then close out their regular season on Jan. 1, hosting Carolina at the Superdome (noon CT).
I love how funny this title is. I cried and cried at the end of Old Yeller and A Dog Called Kitty, so I really appreciated this book. Why do all the dogs have to die?
First license I had, I ended up with a big ridiculous mid-laughter smile on my face – thanks mom! And they didn’t let me take the photo over. Second license, picture was okay, but I think the camera was crooked because I swear it looks like I’m about to tip over in the photo – which I definitely was not. Today’s, well the first one was totally awful, but the girl was nice enough to let me take it over. The second take was I guess an improvement, but the clerk was telling me to smile and you really don’t want to, so I ended up with a dumb half smile-smirk thing going on. Just overall, an unattractive me.
My concern has been that they actually do have a team of legal experts working for them who could somehow attach themselves to our assets unless we pay. I think it's a pretty safe bet that they've got nothing of the kind. We'll be hanging up on them and trashing any further correspondence they may send.
Guidance was issued by the CofChrist's Prophet:
At the risk of either being overconfident, arrogant, impudent, or some other word ending in ‘nt’, I’ll make a prediction about tomorrow’s results.
Mr. Dahl: "Ok, but you have to heat it up first."
to operate outside the tariff and has determined that it is in the best
The little mishap turned into a little gem! (and saved my husband) LOL
Then chop up the mint leaves into fine ribbons and add that as well. Mint is wonderful to grow because it hardly needs any maintenance as long as it gets enough water and light. My one plant is actively taking over the front porch. I suspect it makes nasty threats to the other plants when I’m not around.
...And That's All She Wrote
Mr.Sharma kept to himself,and hardly ever socialized.So far so good.Now comes the problem.
Stay tunned, I am already branstorming for my project. I will have a (very cute) SVG freebie and some blog candy too.... I mean who doesn't love BLOG CANDY!! its has no sugar no calories no fat and best of all FREEE. And no you do not need to be Mexican to participate ... ha ha ... you just have to like crafting, blog hopping and free stuff. Oh by the way CINCO de MAYO is Thursday, May 5th. LOL
We caught up with the PTA groomed DJ Sumbody, who recently released the album “Larger than house” under 187 records and published by Soul Candi records. He has been in the PTA scene for a while, has also explored other floors of the country and we hope he will grow even further within the industry.
Finn shot me a dirty look as he pulled out onto the street.”
Maybe I’m not thrilled by zombies but I certainly am by ancient history and especially by the history of the Roman Empire. Therefore, a combination of the two seemed especially intriguing to me.
I only show the side of myself that I think is least likely to be made fun of.
A good college friend from St. Louis came up and stayed with me Thursday through Sunday.
I buy a lot of digital goods and services but I’ve noticed that there is no consistency in pricing. For example I subscribe to Rdio.com and pay $4.99 a month for access to millions of songs and albums. Yet, The New York Times wants $15-$35 a month for access to just one newspaper. $60 a year for 15,000,000 songs versus $180 for 365 issues of one newspaper – can you spot the obvious bargain?
However, taking part in mass participation events such as the Beaverbrooks brings home the opposite. Compared to the general running public, we are in fact pretty fit indeed.
I invite you to join in the “kitchen” dance party! Send us over your favorite tunes to jump and jiggle to! I promise no judging here! And for your “dancing pleasure” our choice song of the day was Jennifer Paige’s “Crush” Enjoy!
Finally, here are the obi-style belts; I photographed them separately because I'm also showing the way I store them, hung over a hanger and secured with clips. These just get hung up in the closet along with all my other clothes, because they tend to slip off any sort of belt rack. Obis give a very specific look to an outfit, and for that reason I don't have a lot of them. I find that a few basic colors is all I really need: aside from the patterned one that came with the dress shown at the beginning of this post, I have obis only in brown, navy, burgundy (shown in the outfit above), and purple.
OH
Winds Of Change by Jason Brannon
Which Angus loves.
Even before Farmer’s resignation, tension between charities and the government had been mounting. Grayling recently expressed his frustration with charities he had asked to advise the department on improving the system. Commenting in a parliamentary debate, he said that instead of offering tweaks to the process, they had come up with a “total transformation of the whole process including … a new scoring system and a new computer system”, and had offered no evidence that their revised system would be any better.
This year, my word is going to be...
We have a few extra challenges this year to consider. The weather has been extremely dry and windy. The brush fire danger is very high, so there will be no fires allowed at Battle Road this year. So preparing a hot meal, as we normally do, is not possible.
Step One: You call your insurance company and make a claim. They send out an adjustor to verify the damage. “Yep,” they say, “you’ve got damage for a covered risk (fire) and we’ll issue a check for replacement cost” (because you were prudent enough to purchase replacement cost coverage).
9. 34 Crescent Rd… Asked $1,535,000. Sold $1,150,000. Started 5/2010
And many a failure turns about
b. Why Ronald Reagan may not have been the president many fondly remember now. But how Bush will keep artists working for decades to come.
I think I’ve adhered pretty well to my 2009 resolution to use only images that I myself have produced for posting here at Beer Rant. In the past year or so, all of the beer images used here are images that I myself have taken – I call them “ensemble shots” if they’re of an empty bottle and a full glass of beer. I know that I’m a bit verbose at times – why use three words, when five will do, right? So, while I can’t promise that there will be less text here at Beer Rant, I can tell you that I will endeavor to post more pictures and that I’ll continue to focus on homemade images rather than cut and paste stuff from other sites whenever possible.
6. Jesse Jackson will never be President.
“But….”
There are, of course, people who say that Israel already practices apartheid. Their argument: Israel has ruled West Bank Palestinians for 45 years, shows no signs of ending the occupation (and indeed keeps expanding the settler population), and doesn’t let these Palestinians vote in Israeli elections even though Jewish settlers in the West Bank do get to vote. The counter-argument is that, since the West Bank isn’t part of Israel, the policies that prevail there can’t make Israel an apartheid state. Joe Walsh’s plan would end the argument once and for all, making apartheid official Israeli policy.
Bake in a 350 degree oven for 30-40 minutes until the apples are soft, and you see a thin sauce around the apples. The apples will release their water and make a sauce.
This past Wednesday, my lovely friend Jenn and I were sitting on the couch and getting ready to watch some American Idol when I happened to look out the back window. There was a cow inside the barbed wire, munching on the grass. Not a big deal…the cow wanted a late night snack…wait…INSIDE the barbed wire? I jumped up and looked closer: sure enough, that cow had somehow slipped under the barbed wire and was in my backyard!
A group of volunteers got together to create this tribute to everyone who died on 9/11. From their website:
The presumption is that the Dutchman wants to wait and see who Arsenal sign to strengthen the squad. Arsenal regularly cull numbers during the summer although this tends to be with the fringe players. This time around a large number of those who seem set to leave are former first team regulars as well as those upon whom high hopes and false expectations were placed. In the parlance of the bar-room manager, they are the ‘deadwood’ of the squad.
There. It's out in the open.
Raw Veggies: green pepper (capsicum), onion, cilantro, carrot, spinach
Tempest Unleashed - Tracy Deebs
As an aside, I wonder if this article by Roy Greenslade, about the overturn of convictions secured after so-called “Fake Sheikh” sting operations run by the News of the World, is relevant to the Amir/Butt/Asif/Majheed case. I am unfamiliar with the rules pertaining to these kind of attempts to draw out incriminating conduct, and would be interested to know if convicting these men is likely to be impossible even before the trial has begun simply on account of the methods used to obtain evidence.
The light green photo mats are embossed with an ornament folder, which I've been so anxious to use! I have a feeling my mom (the future recipient) will leave a few mats empty for a while just to enjoy the pretty papers and embossing. The center is simply decorated with a snowflake embossed mat and a flower made from a coffee filter and Candy Apple Red Glimmer Mist. (I'm still in love with those!)
4. What is your favorite body part?
Enough! we're tired, my heart and I.
Dark Victory
A great feature for those forgetful moms(or those who lose track of time) is the reminder. You can set HomeRoutines to remind you to check your list, and there is even a handy timer built in.
The next bit, I heard from my husband, who almost threw the baby up in the air, when I instinctively made that awesome catch…. without my knowledge! When I picked up the ball, a couple of beer drinking men shouted, ‘Did she f***ing make that catch!!! That is unbelievable! Wow!’ Then, when they saw me looking around frantically for the ball, having no idea that it was in my glove, they said, ‘What is she doing?’ At this point, Sean’s jubilation at having such an athletic wife, albeit clueless was dying down a bit. He turned to the men and said, ‘She doesn’t know she has the ball!’
