Q: There are a handful of attorneys who write suspense and mystery, including Jeffery Deaver, Jamie Freveletti, and Steve Berry. What is it about being an attorney that prepares someone for writing suspense and mystery?
Harpoon Brewery UFO White – For those familiar with Harpoon’s UFO series, the UFO stands for “UnFiltered Offering” is an amazing series of light, but great tasting, hefeweizen. The UFO White (a hefeweizen, 4.8% ABV) is described best as a light, crisp, refreshing beer that holds the tradition of spiced wheat beers that have been brewed in Belgium for well over 300 years (as according to Harpoon’s website).
And finally, in response to my discussion of the fairy tale trope in last week’s post, Katherine Langrish came to the defense of fairy tales: I'd just like to add that the fairytales most often cited in these comments - Snow White, Sleeping Beauty, with their obviously passive heroines, are not necessarily at all typical of fairytales in general, many of which have extremely vigorous and adventurous heroines: Molly Whuppie, the Master-Maid, Lady Mary and the heroine of 'Fitcher's Bird', both of whom see off the Bluebeard figures in their respective tales, and the intrepid heroine of 'East of the Sun, West of the Moon' who rescues the Prince. The fact that our best known fairytales are those with passive heroines is not a reflection upon fairytale as a genre, but upon anthology choices and rewritings made - often - in the early 20th century and perpetuated ever since.I’m so glad she brought this up, first because I’d be insane to totally write off fairy tales as a genre, and as an absolutely vital part of the history of storytelling, and secondly because it brings up a ridiculously important point that I’ve only be tangentially addressing in my posts. That point is that the stories we choose to share, versus those we choose to silence or at least omit from our discussions, go a long way in reflecting or shaping the culture that we get to live in. The choice of which stories to anthologize—made again and again favoring stories with passive female protagonists—tells us a lot about the subconscious agenda of those making the choices. The choice to anthologize or retell the story of Snow White rather than the story of Molly Whuppie (much like the choice to illustrate the deal-girl scene of a book rather than any other) both reflects and shapes the culture to which it is told. And it’s a culture in which the stories of adventurous heroines aren’t told that allows passivity in women to be idealized in the first place.
3) Go Viral: Create a social media campaign that people will talk about. Partner with your local RESOLVE group or other nonprofit to craft a unique campaign that will help both organizations get plenty of exposure and further the conversation about infertility.
Not only is the fullness of the Godhead: Father, Son and Holy Spirit in Christ, but all that fullness is in the believer.
Rosen’s comments provoked a quick response from the Romney campaign, as well as from President Barack Obama’s reelection team.
The Aljazeera Arabic signal returned to normal after days of disruption, as the Egyptian goverment /Regime continued to blindthemselves to the events happening right under their noses in tahriir square(liberation square and what a fitting name at that) and turned their attention towards disrupting the freedom of press and blaming the peoples protests against corruption on news channels.
This was a very enjoyable to read. There was romance, sensuous, adventure, tragedy, emotions running wild, deception and love. A true romance.
Created the Rolling Stones. Created the cult of the pop music manager. Created Immediate Records. Created the idea of living your life as if you were in a film, with a music soundtrack playing constantly (he wanted to be Laurence Harvey). Disowned by the Stones who have tried to erase him from their official history, but love him or hate him, you can't ignore him.
I was thankful for the breeze. My Celtic blood can only handle so much hot weather before it starts to cry, so the breeze was lovely and soothing. The minister standing at the church gate thought so too.
After hours of abuse, the girls were then taken to Prospect Park with pillows over their heads, where prosecutor Richard Latham QC stated:
This was basically cooked macaroni, milk, Mexican cheese, a huge chunk of broken-up Parmesan, and a generous portion of Velveeta in a pan. But it was super-delicious. The Parmesan really came through, and the Mexican cheese sprinkled on top made a wonderful crust. I might do breadcrumbs on the top next time, but the only ones I have on hand are the Italian kind. (I know, I should make my own breadcrumbs, but I'm just not there yet.)
They'd show her a picture of a foot and ask what is it.
On Thursday 15th police found the bodies of suspected thieves Luxolo Mpontshane, 25, Mabhuti Matinise, 20, and Sivuyile Rola, 28. They were allegedly kidnapped by community members and tortured for nine hours after they were suspected of stealing a plasma television set.
You can use skirmishers just as regular infantry with no changes whatsoever. You may be in trouble if you base your skirmishers in 25mm squares or round bases for WAB. I have seem some people base 2 skirmishers in a 40mm round base. It looks nice, but not THAT nice compared to the game play complications that arise.
When things are bad, we take comfort in the thought that they could always get worse. And when they are, we find hope in the thought that things are so bad they have to get better.
On the 2nd, I wore a pair of shorts I made last year for my SWAP. I once again did not get a picture of me in them. I promise I will be much better this coming week with taking pictures.
Rene tries to console me now… “…the dream again?” she asks. My thoughts crystallize… “…this must be how she felt…” I sob… “Who?”, Rene says. I turn to her shoulder and cry… “My Mom.”
with a nose for things
After I had calmed down and got some sleep, I had some more perspective on the movie. There are, it occurs to me, a few very important differences between that movie and my life. One of these vital differences is that Tyler has never claimed that maybe he “deserved to be selfish” as Violet does in the movie, so I have always felt like I could tell him if I needed things to change and he would help make things better. We strive to find things to do that will make both of us happy – not just one of us. We also continue to spend time together, going on dates regularly and taking care of our relationship: it comes first. Sometimes, Tyler comes home early from building the house and drags me out to canoe around the lake or we go for a long walk together.
formats are not yet downloadable and need to be delivered by e-mail.
Date and Location: March 3, 2012, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the Handley Barn, 245 Old Highway 25 West, Columbiana.
Yukatsu: Great. It tells why you’re holding the 4th highest score in our grade.
So here we are on Sunday morning and the first conclusion I draw from our first night in Killarney is that it’s a hopping town. There are pubs and nightclubs every few hundred feet and most of the hotels have some type of disco or pub attached. In fact, our hotel has both a pub where they played traditional Irish music early in the evening and a disco that didn’t get started until after 10 PM.
“All right,” he agreed meekly. “But don’t you want to look at the pictures yourself? They are still on my phone and there might be someone you know there.”
Fleetwood Mac- The Green Manalishi
I am really excited about finishing this project!
In the end, my gut instinct? Collins blew her wad in Catching Fire and frankly, aside from the death of the Capitol, didn’t have the faintest clue of what she was doing with Mockingjay. Weak, choppy plot, poor character development and deus ex machina out the wazoo sums up this final installment.
there must be fifty of them, bent in half and crammed into this small ashtray.
These are questions you can ask of any book. You can only answer them if you know the book, and if you are prepared to think about it. I'll let you into a secret. When you do an English degree at Cambridge, your supervisor lets you choose the texts you study (or did in my day). There is no limit. This doesn't mean the supervisor has read everything. It means the supervisor can give a supervision on a book they haven't read, just as I can help Adrian improve a novel I haven't seen. It's all about asking questions that get the writer/student to think intelligently about the book so that they make discoveries and increase their understanding. I have occasionally given Cambridge supervisions on books I haven't read. Once I gave a supervision on a book I hadn't read (all of), written in a language I didn't understand (very well). Because learning is not something that must be imparted by a teacher, but something that can come from within, possibly prompted by a helpful prodding person.
AN UPPER-LEVEL TROUGH WILL MOVE NEWD ACROSS THE NRN ROCKIES SATURDAY AS A 55 TO 70 KT MID-LEVEL JET MOVES INTO THE WRN DAKOTAS. THE ERN EDGE OF THIS FEATURE WILL OVERSPREAD THE SLIGHT RISK AREA CREATING MODERATE TO STRONG DEEP LAYER SHEAR PROFILES FAVORABLE FOR SEVERE STORMS SATURDAY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. AS SFC TEMPS WARM SATURDAY AND LARGE-SCALE ASCENT MOVES INTO THE NRN PLAINS…THUNDERSTORMS SHOULD INITIATE FROM CNTRL SD SWD INTO NRN NEB WHERE MID-LEVEL LAPSE RATES ARE FORECAST TO BE FROM 7.5 TO 8.5 C/KM. THIS COMBINED WITH STRONG INSTABILITY /MLCAPE IN THE 2500 TO 3500 J/KG RANGE/ SHOULD CREATE AN ENVIRONMENT FAVORABLE FOR SUPERCELLS AND LARGE HAIL. THE MORE DOMINANT SUPERCELLS MAY PRODUCE ISOLATED HAIL GREATER THAN 2 INCHES IN DIAMETER. IN ADDITION…A LOW-LEVEL JET IS FORECAST TO DEVELOP ACROSS ERN NEB EARLY SATURDAY EVENING. THE STRENGTHENING LOW-LEVEL SHEAR ASSOCIATED WITH THE INCREASING JET SHOULD BE SUFFICIENT FOR TORNADOES WITH THE MORE DOMINANT SUPERCELLS. THE POTENTIAL FOR WIND DAMAGE MAY ALSO INCREASE AS STORMS ORGANIZE INTO A MCS DURING THE EVENING AND OVERNIGHT PERIOD.
Combine confectioners’ sugar and milk until smooth. (may have to add milk to make more smooth, but only do so in small increments or will become too runny)
They were different – instead of being boring, Nandos stole Santam’s idea and Santam instead asked “What is the right thing to do here”"
“Stand ye calm and resolute,
Teresa Perry, SVP, Publisher Member Audit and Report Processing Services
Amit Bansal answers, During all appraisal meetings, future expectations are talked about. That would be an appropriate time to express your desire for a promotion.
Does this resemble you? If so, I want to let you know in this day and age there are no excuses good enough for your lack of care and compassion towards the animals in your steward. I want to let you know that I have no use for people like you. Sounds a bit harsh, doesn’t it? Life is tough and can be even tougher for those who can not provide what is necessary for their own health and welfare and must rely upon others.
“I have pictures,” she informed me. “If you’d like, I can bring them next class and show you.” Insert very long, uncomfortable pause punctuated by chirping crickets. Class had been in session for roughly four weeks at this point; either this student was terribly unobservant of the Labrador that sat curled at my feet during every lesson, or she needed to have her own eyes checked out. That said, I have non-confrontational tattooed across my forehead, so rather than point out the obvious and add an even thicker layer of awkwardness to an already awkward situation, I smiled and responded, “I’d love to be able to see them.” ‘Hurrah,’ I thought. ‘I am paragon of inner poise and diplomacy.’ I said “I’d love to be able to see them,” which was, I thought, the truth. I would, but I could not.
KDVS will continue to be among the handful of very best radio stations in the world, so I hope you will continue to listen and support this station which I think does the best job of playing the newest of the new music that few if any others find. We've instilled in many new DJs the desire and the courage to knock over unturned stones to see what's there, and share it with you the listener, even if there's still lotsa mud on it. Bands, labels, etc., please keep sending your music there. If it deserves to be heard, I'm sure it will!
understanding why he wants to come home every weekend... but ~ again ~ they just
I love watching The Apprentice, and I can't wait to see who wins the final tonight (my money's on lovely but bumbling Tom, although it ought to be super-competent and equally lovely Helen). This year the contestants are competing for moneya nd backing to start their own businesses, rather than a job. Writing a book is a little bit like starting a business, to be honest. Gone is the security of a regular salary (but who has that security now?), the benefits, the chances of promotion. Instead you get a load of risk and hardship - but you've got more control and you're potentially playing for higher stakes. Hard work, tenacity, a good agent, and a willingness to do some self-promotion all help. After all, someone's got to be the next JK!
* Focus on the half-dozen or so tool that will actually help students and teachers. (Skype, WordPress, Video: Youtube, Vimeo, Quora, Google Apps, Online collaboration tools like Zoho, Slideshare, Academia.edu, Technorati, and Alltop) It will help the teachers if you divide the social web apps by function, so its not a list of random apps that are cool & nifty. You might include a ranking (there are what we thank are the top 7 tools for people and these are the 20-ish you might want to check out). Remember: these are just tools. They are fun and potentially tools for collaborating and sharing creative content, but they aren’t panaceas.
My debut novel is about to come out and, and, like so many writers before me, I’m uneasy. Okay, anxious. In just a few weeks, my work, for better or for worse, will be out there in the world to be enjoyed (hopefully) and judged (certainly).
Others have noticed as well. Golia has taken on a sort of darling status. He is talked about at parties, he is slowly turned in a legend in private, I am confident that he could take on the status of myth at some point. Here is a man that, having nothing to do with Hollywood or the glamour machine, placed a light on the top of the Standard Hotel. In one of the vainest towns in the world, there's a light on top of one of the most beloved hotels not telling us when Britney or Lindsey or Brad are in town, but instead, when Golia is present. Here is a man who proposed, along with Halliburton, a border fence proposal to the U.S. Government trying to solve the problem of illegal crossings with an interlocking fence of Richard Serra sculptures complete with doors opening at random times.
posted at
Wild men who caught and sang the sun in flight,
It’s so daunting starting out Online and trying to find a system that works and will fit your needs, there are so many people out there selling many different things and trying to get you to buy into tonnes of programs and systems that it can be really overwhelming.
On June 12th, Coventry’s finest talent will gather to help raise money for The Magic If Foundation‘s trip to Palestine.
In the meantime, priority one is my novel. Only 6 more chapters to go before it is finished. And at my current word count per chapter, that means another 20,000~ words. At my current rate I’ve been able to finish 2 chapters a week. Pretty exciting to know that by the end of this month I’ll be done with my first novel.
This is the first of a series of posts from the book (itself part of a series for different audiences) which is available in paper form at http://bit.ly/OrderBeAPerson save $5 using Coupon Code 62YTRFCV
What do these tools look like?
Ready Teddy
Alright. I have a house full o boys to tend to. Happy Fourth of July to all my fellow Americans. Love you all! :)
"Mom. There was this guy. With a chainsaw. Trying to cut off another guys....head."
I used the adorable little dog from Boys Will Be Boys and the card base is from Lacy Lables. I heat embossed the sentiment - still working on my technique, LOL - with white embossing powder. :)
I know that I was guilty of this, especially in my twenties. I simply couldn’t imagine people I loved being able to take care of themselves and their own needs without me. What can I say? I was pretty arrogant.
Those four-letter words stared at me and I stared back as my eyes slowly filled with fear.
-The twins making their appearance. With great hopes of them being healthy and not to little.
‘Why should we be ruled over by families descended from robber barons, bandits and illegitimate heirs?
Enjoy the rest of the week!
In most races there is a moment - often on a hill or a curve - when the view of the course opens up and I get to see hundreds of the thousands running with me. The power of the crowd sweeps over me and I feel myself part of a human stampede. I see the beautiful variety of runners, running for different reasons, but all of us running for the same finish line.
“It used to be an elite few,” said Eileen Gittins, chief executive of Blurb, a print-on-demand company whose revenue has grown to $30 million, from $1 million, in just two years and which published more than 300,000 titles last year. Many of those were personal books bought only by the author. “Now anyone can make a book, and it looks just like a book that you buy at the bookstore.”
"Let's dance to 'You Jerk'."
Now, every time I hear that name, I bristle. I do hope you don't have children called Madeleine. That name is tainted forever. She'll grow up to horrid.
In other pointlessness I finally tracked down a cartoon movie I watched as a child that had a huge influence on the movies I make today, I had to find it via google images as all I could remember of the film was the unique ship they flew around in lol! here’s the trailer
Unfortunately, I can't share the paint color with you because we got that from the reject bin at Lowe's for $4. Pumped about that find!
“Fans of Thomson's previous group, Friends Again, probably won't recognize their idol here; the crystalline jangle of She's Gone Forever is the only track that resembles that work. On Sunpowder, Thomson's voice recalls Tom Waits' drunken rasp. The piano, violins, and acoustic riffs that envelope the release will have devotees of the Tindersticks wondering if the album was labeled incorrectly. The celestial wail of Elizabeth Fraser from the Cocteau Twins sheds some light on Thomson's weighty sorrow, especially on Danger in Love. The country-flavored Send Me Your Halo is an uplifting love song with stirring violins. Sunpowder may be hard to digest at first, but patience reveals its inner beauty”.
As if there is nothing in YA books that can or should appeal to the adult reader. Let me tell you what a YA story can do. It can remind us of a time when we struggled to find personal power and agency. It can help us find our way back to the passion and fire of first experiences; an antidote to the cynicism that pervades all our media. It can rekindle hope and optimism in the face of great obstacles. It can provide a touchstone for our relationships with the teens in our lives. And it can be powerfully good entertainment.
Hers offers hundreds of stylish ways for creating your own private retreat, even when your bedroom doubles as your living room or when delicate furnishings don’t seem compatible with kid-friendly living. With some thoughtful rethinking of your home’s layout and some imagination, you can dedicate part of a shared space to your own interests, and Jacqueline deMontravel will show you how.
Basically, he can’t let Park Ha inherit Rich Mom’s share of the company but what I don’t remember is if the woman said she was looking for her kid so that she can give her the shares. Or do they plan on killing her or something? Anyway, it’s a good thing there’s a twist in this so Rich Mom will know for a fact that they are trying to con her.
The Red House – 2
In short, Muslims will simply be doing more of what they are doing already, and trying to do it more consistently and with greater and more permanent effect. Far more worthy of detailed analysis is the likely nature of the violence of the British paramilitaries which have not yet emerged and whose activities are therefore, at present, the great unknowns ahead of us. The only obvious precedent we have in this regard is the loyalist terrorism we have already glanced at. During the Troubles, there were two paramilitary ‘teams’: republican paramilitaries (most obviously the PIRA, but also the OIRA, INLA, etc.), whose aims were to bring an end to British rule in NI and bring about a united Ireland of whatever sort, and loyalist paramilitaries (most obviously the UDA and UVF), whose aims were to keep NI in the United Kingdom and maintain Protestant political dominance there.
Cue panic. So much for my psychic abilities. The one time he's actually IN the hospital I don't worry at all, and every time before he's been late I panic and it turns out he worked late or stopped by his parents house.
This set of cards was done at Card Class and they got to make one in pink and one in blue. Showed them how they can just change the color and get two different looks. I used Crumb Cake, Subtles Collection Patterns DSP Stack, Modern Label, Word Window & 5-Petal Flower Punches, Teeny Tiny Wishes & Fresh Vintage Stamp Sets and Glitter Brads.
I swear I am not making this stuff up.
The main indoor exhibition at the time feature Donna Wilson who created this knitted scene. I like how childish and stylised it is, it felt really welcoming and fun. However I did feel like it was a product stand, as later in the trip i noticed that some of the items were present in the store, it no longer felt like she crafted her work specifically to express an idea, but just to gain a bit of cash.
Interestingly enough, we are on the interpersonal effectiveness chapter in DBT. Today we talked about how we look at the relationships in our lives. Dr. M used a plant-life analogy from a book called Second Nature by Michael Pollan. I could relate to the analogy, but I could not place myself neatly into a category.
4. It’s cheap! Some perma-season cast iron can be quite pricey, but the ones I use were so far within my student budget I couldn’t believe it. I paid $25 (that’s just over $20 USD) for three pans (10”, 6”, 4”). I also have a griddle that cost me $12 and a wok that cost me $15. I cannot believe the price of this stuff, especially given that it lasts a lifetime.
Himalayan Dhaba by Craig Joseph Danner is set in the Indian Himalayas. After a hair-raising journey, Dr. Mary Davis arrives in a remote Himalayan village with just a backpack and a box of medicines. Expecting to work with a talented Indian surgeon, she finds instead that he is missing and she is now the only doctor within a hundred miles. When an injured tourist stumbles into her overcrowded clinic, he triggers a series of events that connects an unusual mix of characters: Phillip, the spoiled son of a British diplomat; Antone, an aging addict who attempts to kidnap him; Meena, a local village girl who embarks on an improbable rescue; and Amod, the lonely waiter in the local dhaba, who secretly looks after Mary.
Boring openings, like waking up and looking in a mirror.
Let others climb you when they need a lift, but don’t be afraid to let them go.
- Writer BEWARE (Ann and I are much too ladylike to shout. OK, you can stop laughing now.)
The Keep ~ by Jennifer Egan (Germany)
So, what is the moral of the story? Well, less than I week eating 100% primally, I feel awesome and haven’t experienced any of the issues I had before when I would try to eat “healthy.” My energy levels and mood are both stable. My stomach doesn’t hurt after I eat. While I totally commend that woman for taking the processed foods out of her family’s diet, I have to wonder if for some people I diet modeled after hers will do more harm than good. She doesn’t report on having any issues so maybe the flour and beans aren’t a problem for her. That’s great. Perhaps I’m more gluten sensitive than I though? I’ve never had a test done and probably won’t ever. There isn’t one diet that’s perfect for anyone, but I do believe that I have found the one that is right for me.
Just 14 minutes later some paramedic cretin named Sonya Lawrence arrived and began a search for the victim on the nearside of the car although the vehicle was clearly damaged on the offside. Employing a moron. Third cock-up.
Wee Z made a few friends including a little Polish girl who he really clicked with and they spent a lot of time playing together which was really lovely. I was pleased to see my little boy making friends very easily and they were lots of families there with young children. In the evening after dinner, we went to the kids disco in the Pool Bar. We booked our holiday with Thomas Cook so there was a Thomas Cook Entertainment Team. They were fabulous! Wee Z and Miss C were really taken with them and loved joining in with the games and dance routines. They also got to meet Dizzy and Shades, but weren't so keen on being photographed with them. I also won 65 euro when we played bingo one night which made my week! There were plenty of activites on during the day such as Kids Club and also games of water polo and volleyball which Husband enjoyed.
* It is strongly encouraged that you present yourself as reporting for Infowars.com and that you prominently display Infowars.com and Prisonplanet.com throughout your report.
“He is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of all creation; for in him all things in heaven and on earth were created, things visible and invisible, whether thrones or dominions or rulers or powers—all things have been created through him and for him. He himself is before all things, and in him all things hold together. He is the head of the body, the church; he is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, so that he might come to have first place in everything. For in him all the fullness of God was pleased to dwell, and through him God was pleased to reconcile to himself all things, whether on earth or in heaven, by making peace through the blood of his cross.” (Col 1:15-20)
The highlight of the park was this incredible vain girl we encountered. We watched as she spent ten minutes taking photos of herself. She did a variety of poses on the grass whilst her camera was set up on a chair. These poses included various ways of lying on the grass and bending her legs around a chair. My favorite was ‘look at me lying down and reading’ – you’re wearing sunglasses, making it too dark to read – then again, it was probably a ‘Where is Spot’ book. After this amount of time I decided to have some fun, so I started to start in the background of her pics, she now has several pictures of herself (amongst the millions she took) of me waving, doing star-jumps and taking pictures of her taking pictures of herself. After this I’m sure she went to get a lettuce leaf or summat for lunch.
To those who feel that the quest for a worldwide grid, a prison-planet, is too great an effort to conceal from public scrutiny, we can say there's hardly any concealment on the part of the elite.
Thank you to each and every one of you who purchased a piece of my jewelry. It was so much fun to meet some followers, and see them in person. Thanks for taking the time to swing by my booth, and appreciate your business.
In a television debate, both candidates accused each other of lying, so get the popcorn out and settle back, it’s a corker in France.
back and arms
Danielle Paz: tippingpoint
W-Water-How much do you drink a day? About 80oz on good days
1 tsp salt (to taste)
They’re based on a couple of things… firstly, what the ‘majors’ are plugging – ie, we’ll pay you (I-Tunes) X and in return you’ll give us a prominent position. Secondly, behind the I-Tunes wall there’s a gadget that tracks everything you do, look for etc etc… and, based on what it finds / whats logged in to it’s own criteria… then it’ll spew back its ‘recommendations’ at you.
More than a year after the triple meltdown at the Fukushima Daiichi power plant, the Japanese government, Tokyo Electric Power Company (Tepco) and the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) present similar assurances of the site’s current state: challenges remain but everything is under control. The worst is over.
Third, that some writers considered Paganism superior to Christianity, being a life affirming and joyous alternative approach to religion which respects all of nature and seeks to integrate our lives with it.
But as we proceeded to our interview, what I discovered from this intimidating presence was a somewhat shy but open-minded gentle individual.
Ten years ago, when I got married, I knew next to nothing about autism. Sure, I’d seen Rainman, but I’d never met someone with autism. Well, that’s not exactly true, but I didn’t know it at the time. You see, ten years ago, as I mentioned, I was getting married to my dear husband who is, as it turns out, on the autism spectrum. His Asperger traits are a huge part of what makes him a wonderful husband and a successful engineer, but I’m getting ahead of myself.
Loving, as I do, cooking and films, this recipe gets yet another inspiration and that is from the 1997 movie “As Good as it Gets.” In this Jack Nicholson plays the terrible curmudgeon Melvin Udall. Melvin is so out of touch with his fellow-man that he manages to out-Scrooge Scrooge! He is relentlessly vicious to his gay neighbor, Simon Bishop, played by Gregg Kinnear. Melvin’s long-suffering waitress-turned-love interest is Carol Connelly played by Helen Hunt.
Ic morning report of the XLV Army Corps.
Mike encourages me to taste the different vegetables he uses in his kimchi, each of them coated in a garlicky dressing of his own concoction. Though everything is fiery there is a quality of peppery sweetness that reminds me of poivron rouge, a spice made from ground niora peppers grown in volcanic soil surrounding the Atlas Mountains near Marrakesh. I ask him where that lush pepper taste comes from and he reveals one of his secrets; he grinds fresh red peppers for his kimchi.
3. Remain standing barefoot where the seeds will be planted. Remove the seeds from under your tongue, place them between the palms of your hands and hold them there for for about 30 seconds.
In the United States, we have minimum-wage laws. On the other side of the globe, it is legal to pay workers less than a dollar an hour with no benefits.
My reaction:
Two friends and I made a four-part plan for one Saturday: 1. Get mom and Chelsea to Norfolk Karate Academy to teach Chelsea self-defense/street safety. 2. Gather intel from mom. 3. Work phones to arrange services and shelter. 3. Feed them both. 4. Work a Nashville miracle with Hunter Hayes.
My mom made Towel Hair Wraps
Stone Roses She bangs the drums UK
Should the applicant choose not to have a first action interview, a First Action Interview office action will be promptly issued and the applicant will have one month or 30 days, whichever is longer, to reply. If an interview is scheduled, the applicant must be prepared to discuss issues related to the patentability of the claims. In this interview, if the applicant and the examiner reach agreement on all claims in regards to patentability, a notice of allowance and fees due will be issued. If agreement is not reached on all claims in regards to patentability, the applicant will be given a First Action Interview office action setting forth any requirements, objections and rejections to which the applicant will be given one month or 30 days, whichever is longer, to reply, with limited extensions of time. It is this First Action Interview office action that is considered the first action on the merits in the application.
Until then, here's a sampling of some of my favorite images showing busts and head sculpture:
As his family grew, so did Manny’s experience, along with his desire to provide his own family with what he never had — the security of a family-owned business.
Preheat the oven to 180°C.
2009 Domaine Jones Blanc – 15.00€
I have found more posts today and my followers have increased some more. I am so happy that you have all looked at my site.
‘Cause I saw the end before we’d begun,
10 June 1976
Tuesday’s Sweat Challenge
Things will always get better
“What the music industry does is sign a band who sell loads of records and then the industry cleverly accounts so the band gets none of it. They steal your money, but at least they help you make it first; they steal money they have helped to create. Whereas the comedy industry dips directly into your pocket before you have done anything. The comedy industry is double evil.
Weak if we be for ever, could none condemn us then;
by what seems to be
Loudness has been discussed alot in the previous episodes of b2s television and you have to make sure you don’t miss them the coming weeks. Especially on thursday march 29th and thursday april 12th, because there will be interviews with Loudness artists.
Utterly amazed at the numbers of people,
Now that I'm getting the hang of macaron making, I can't stop thinking of all the tasty combination possibilities. At Christmas my niece brought us some lovely dark chocolate from the Sunshine Coast that had lavender in it which I thoroughly enjoyed. So I tried making the macaron shells with ground lavender, and a dark chocolate ganache as the filling. Yum, perfection.
Name: Rebecca R.
As a black hole pulls in more matter, it increases in gravity, causing it to bend space, in a manner that is analogous to a tornado, or a funnel cloud. It moves toward the Gravity Object.
Maralena Howard http://www.artchain.com/ArtChain, is a searchable art directory. They provide free listings for art groups, schools, museums, galleries and guilds, as well as individual artists. Visitors can locate art resources in their communities or on their travels. I check it often to see who’s been added. Check it out – and be sure to register yourself and/or your affiliations. Great networking tool.
about those guys and girls that can seem to eat anything they want yet never gain a pound. That is very unfair to those of us that are fat slobs.
Book case: Edwardian
The Happy Farmer's attention was drawn to our new lodgers when the kitchen began to have the faint smell of oil fumes. The game was a bogey when we overheard the lodgers merrily chirruping and tweeting away, the happy sounds echoing down the flu of the Aga and into the kitchen. Prompt action was called for as the Happy Farmer diagnosed the problem as uninvited lodgers 'nest building' in the chimney.
But last weekend, we discovered that he had no problem using Karen's small point and shoot Nikon.
Nothing quite makes sense
10.Give Thanks
They would have had a decent candidate, who could have been swept in on the coat tails of Boris Johnson, who is very popular with many local Conservatives. The truth is that selecting Brian Coleman has been a massive own goal for the Conservatives. I suspect that the biggest beneficiaries of Coleman losing will be the local Conservatives, who may then be able to get back to being a sensible local association.
I think we get a couple of looks becasue Nick is in a wheelchair. And I used to think that I would care. But I'm too busy watching Nick explore like he was never able to in a stroller. To push and move himself right where he wants to go!
2—Deuteronomy 32:8: “When the Most
"We're doing everything we reasonably can do," he said.
Your doctor may prescribe medication for depression or anxiety problems. Try not to be scared of this or to see it as some kind of defeat. Acknowledging your problems and taking steps to solve them is a very positive thing to do. Medication is a personal choice. Some prefer not to use it, while others swear by it. It can help you cope in the short term, to feel more balanced, relaxed and in control, and leave you more receptive to longer term treatment like counselling and other therapies.
“Grampa, dis is Ploop-Ploop and he’s a fish.”
De Grey himself confirms the idea that the negligibly senescent will be more risk averse. He comments in one interview (p. 115 of Agar) that he reckons once we achieve negligible senescence driving will be outlawed because it is too dangerous. He resiles from this somewhat in a later interview when he suggests that cars will simply become more heavily protected. Whatever form it takes, increased risk aversion does seem to be likely consequence of increased life expectancy, as is evinced by contemporary attitudes to health and safety compared to those of former generations.
This bedroom has gone through a HUGE transformation since we first moved into the house... When we first moved in the walls were a combination of three different colours, the carpet was 'grey'...well we thought it was until I ripped it out on our second day here...turns out it had originally been pink...eeeewwww!! The fact that I found beautiful cypress pine floorboards under the carpet, seemed to take the edge off the grossness of the carpet ;) This is a pic of Miss Livvy the week we moved into our home nearly 6 years ago.
Aristeu Queiroz Pajussara (Sinter)
I can remember being 16, sitting on the side of the Northwest Arm of Halifax Harbour, picking at stones the way some people pick at grass while lazing in a field. During one afternoon of roasted hot-dogs and apples by the seashore, absentmindedly using the corner of a jagged piece of slate to draw a tree on a blue stone worn smooth by the the ocean. I drew a tree bare of leaves, and of intricate branches and roots. This memory sticks out in my mind mostly because the friend who sat beside me that day said “I didn’t know you could draw!” and my response was that I could only draw trees.
In this scenario, a job exists but is not at the forefront of consumer consciousness. But a great product that addresses that task is out there. The advertising needs to act almost as a ‘wake up jolt’ about the task for people to take notice.
Paul Allen: They're OK.
There are reports locally of a potential threat to children and young women locally. There was an incident reported in the local paper this week and also some letters sent home by local schools warning parents of the potential threat by a man of "Mediterranean or Eastern European" origin who has now attempted to approach a young lad and now a young woman on her way to work.
By all means feel free to play with the rep range with the Push Ups. Meaning, ideally we would like 200-300 Push Ups today although that is a lot of hill sprints. Try to find a balance this morning that works for you and pushes you a tad…As an example: Sister Mel performed 10 Hill Sprints and 30 Perfect Push Ups…
Greece, like France, is comfortable taking a bailout and increasing spending as long as it does not have to meet the bailout requirements. There is apparently a European school of economics that says when you are broke, spend more.
This can take a while but do not turn up the heat on the stove, it will be tempting but burnt sugar is gross and messy so don't!
You can right click on the pics to see them better....
Many saints attempt and attain that state, through yOga and tantra.
“Some conservative voices in the medical community feel that the normalization of sex-change surgeries was the start of a slippery slope. “You keep pushing the envelope of impaired people who aren’t in touch with reality in some fashion, who develop ideas about their normalcy,” says Dr. Mark Schiller, a psychiatrist and past president of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons. “Essentially from just claiming that something’s the case, people just accept somebody’s distorted version of reality and then we get surgeons and others responding to the point of mangling normal bodies.”
Please visit her blog Meadows to Grove, view her work and her progress leading up to where she is today, and follow. This girl is going somewhere great! Let's go with!
Marlon Brando (Christopher Columbus: the Discovery)
Even more importantly, the concept of deviant globalization has important things to say about what policy-makers should NOT do. Above all, policy-makers should avoid indulging locally specific moral codes, since that simply creates arbitrage opportunities for bad actors. (Not to mention political perversions: Bootleggers & Baptists, QED. Note how Humboldt County, the capital of domestic U.S. marijuana growing, voted against marijuana legalization last November.)
He has taken out several lamps and required us to almost completely strip down our family room and place our furniture in odd configurations. We thought Raegan was absolutely crazy when she came home....she looks positively tame compared to the damage Nathan causes. It's a daily battle to keep the one free standing piece of furniture....a side table so that when I crash at the end of the day, I get one tiny luxury...a place to set something to drink on. As you can see....it can be used for nothing else during the day as Nathan has claimed it as his "zen" table on which he likes to perch and rock. Started this almost 11 months ago....still does it.
So what are these peaks? Well.. the first one turns out to be mostly ANYcasted servers present very closely to xs.powerdns.com. A secondary peak (24ms) appears to be Milan (actual distance: 1000km, but we lose 20ms somewhere within Level3 for no apparent reason), hosting an instance of a.dns.it, plus an instance of b.gtld-servers.net in Stockholm (actual distance: 1500km).
of the show.
* Stove Top,
Came across this article in the Los Angeles Times that depicts the legal restrictions placed on better beer consumers in the state of Alabama and their efforts to circumvent antiquated laws. In honor of the on-going plight of fellow beer consumers in the Southeast, a region that has seen craft beer sales rise 31.6% since last year, I figure it's worthy to shed some light on their struggles to pop the alcohol cap and homebrew in peace.
I have seen Wonder Woman holding hands and laughing with Inuyasha. I have seen Classic Voltron posing near Formal-wear Storm Trooper posing near Sexy Companion Cube. I have seen more Dark Knight Jokers in one building than I have since Halloween 2008. I have seen Superman logos on more shirts, skirts, knee-high socks, corsets, headbands, and pajama onesies than I can count. I have seen between ten and twenty fake Silent Bobs, while waiting in line to see the real Kevin Smith. Reportedly in the men’s room, I missed seeing Gumby standing at the urinal next to Spiderman.
The hot weather meant a rapid snow melt on the mountains, so now both rivers are in full spate of brown water and all sorts of interesting things are coming down as stuff left stranded by the low levels in winter is washed down. I’ve seen at least two trees go over the waterfall, quite a sight! The noise of the water all around us is amazing, maybe you can liken it to white noise, but I love it. Now the weather has gone what I term,’close’ warm and humid and there’s thunder forecast tomorrow,I just hope we can get our garden planted and the grass cut in time! Driving around today, it seems most folks are planting their gardens with the veggy seeds, and a few even have plants out. Just hope it isn’t like last year when it snowed in May and June and set everything back.
Hours later, they check me again and I'm at 10cm but Emma is still way up high. I knew laying down was a mistake, I knew I wanted a yoga ball and a squat bar, I knew I didn't want medication! I couldn't feel the urge to push! They said we'd wait an hour to let Emma drop a bit and then start pushing. An hour later, I still didn't feel the urge to push. I did however continue to feel pain to the bone in my right hip. I start pushing... nothing's happening. Both OB's come in (neither of which I had met prior to this day) and I continue to push... nothing's happening. An hour later, I'm still pushing. The OB sees that Emma is facing up (the opposite of the way a baby is supposed to face). The OB reaches in there, grabs Emma's skull and turns her around. Aaahhh... that felt interes-"oh wait, she turned back." The OB reaches in there again, grabs Emma's skull and turns her around again, this time, she doesn't let go. That's right, I pushed for 20 minutes with the OB's hand holding Emma's head so that she didn't flip back over! Don't try that at home!
1952 Newcastle United became the first team since 1891 to win two FA Cups in succession by beating Arsenal 1-0.
For me personally, this learning experience turned into a beautiful, memorable moment in time. Why not enjoy the many natural wonders that Mother Nature has to offer with family, friends, or even experience them solo? It may be too late to enjoy the Harvest Moon this time around, yet there are so many other natural wonders that await your arrival.
Sc in the first Sc of the button loop. Drop the tail. Ch 1. Turn.
Matsuda Shota and Sasaki Nozomi attend stage greeting for “Afro Tanaka” Do As Infinity Tour Announced Akimoto Sayaka & Kokusho Sayuri reveals more details on their drama AKB48 Draws Crowd in Beijing Goodwill Concert MC Park Mi Sun’s daughter is Girls’ Generation member YoonA’s doppelganger? KARA sheds tears while holding their 1st solo concert in 5 years, ‘KARASIA’
By the time I stumbled dowstairs, the 4 of them were sitting at the kitchen table somber and silent. I poured my coffee and asked what had happened. It seems that the helicopter flew a bit higher than expected and was currently stuck in a huge tree somewhere past the second story of my parents' house. Ryan was upset, and I think he had been crying. My parents were annoyed. I was stumped because he had made a bad decision to take it out in the wind, but I knew he hadn't done it on purpose.
So, Homestuck is this really weird and very entertaining web comic that was made by Andrew Hussie. Basically, you go to this website, you meet this character, and then you get these weird commands at the bottom of the screen (kind of like a ‘choose your own adventure game’, but there’s only one thing to chose from). So, you click the commands to progress, and eventually meet other characters. There are also the flash animations; little 2 minute movies that summarize stuff. Also, game flashes; you actually have to move around to find stuff out about the plot line.
"If you learn to be really fast, David, then maybe some day you will have lights of your own."
So when legwarmers started to become fashionable among the younger set a few years ago, I was mildly annoyed. Because outside of a dance studio, do legwarmers really look good on anyone? But here I am, having finally succumbed to the legwarmers-as-outerwear 80's flashback trend, due to a cute display at a store in my neighborhood. I just couldn't resist... they have buttons and a fake underlap built into the sides, in imitation of late-19th and early-20th century gaiters or spats. Though I somehow doubt that the teens and tweens who are wearing these nowadays (ya, I put myself in mature company) actually get the historical reference.
OPPORTUNITY FOR PUBLIC REVIEW FINAL SUPPLEMENT TO THE ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT BIRD HAZARD REDUCTION PROGRAM: JOHN F. KENNEDY INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT. "Proposed off-airport hazard management activities include Mute Swan, Double-crested Cormorant, blackbird, crow, Rock Pigeon and European Starling management within a 5-mile radius of JFK. Actions to address risks from resident Canada Geese have been proposed for a seven-mile radius around JFK." Written comments can be sent to: State Director, USDA APHIS Wildlife Services, 1930 Route 9, Castleton, NY 12033-9653, Phone: (518) 477-4837, Fax: (518) 477-4899. The review period closes on June 13, 2012. The Final Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement (SEIS) can be viewed here. We're going to submit a comment and encourage everyone to do the same.
Breakfast: 1 cup Special K Red Berries, 1 cup almond milk, 1 oz freeze dried strawberries
And go hug your kitties and puppies and iguanas and bunnies and what have you tonight.
Ladies, you’re welcome to enter this contest too. You could enter “for a friend.”
That not one life shall be destroy'd,
These are the ones that actually turned out:
Source- Permanent Press
decided to live in delicious sin with Fred, and she started to consider
The apples provide a fresh source of income for apple growers, allowing them to distinguish themselves from the average orchard. For consumers, the apples are a chance to buy and taste a uniquely local product, something unlikely to be grown anywhere else in the country.
from the Paper Shelter's B team
Drain clog’s happen for a number of reasons and most drain clog’s can be cleared by just snaking the drain line.
Unfortunately our Green Party overlords have other ideas and other agendas. The Greens do not like cars, and have come up with a "terrific" wheeze that raises money for their moribund accounts and discourages people from parking their cars along the seafront.
I nipped straight down the hill to the little Spa shop in the village and there on the shelf was just what I needed, a packet of ground hazelnuts.
“Can I go?” Melanie asked.
On another note, I'm really loving the Fall 2011 RTW this year, especially the collections by Phillip Lim, Doo.Ri, and Vena Cava.
Signed, the fobless woman!
Betty White! I love doing hair sets!! I just loved her and her humor but most of all her kindness and beautiful heart!! She truly is a very special woman, and I might add, knows what the heck she’s doing! But then I think everyone knows that!
My cousin, Bobby, and his wife Rachel and their adorable daughter also came down for the baptism. They are cute newish-weds with a little child who are finishing up their degrees at BYU-Idaho...I remember what it was like to be in their shoes and I know what a sacrifice it was for them to be here with us. And they did it happily, without a second thought...I was not as mature as them when I was their age. Bobby served as one of the witnesses of Bluebird's baptism and Rachel gave a perfect talk about the Holy Ghost. I can't believe that Bobby and I are working together to do these things now. Yesterday he was running around with my brother, poking slugs with sticks. Now he's helping confirm my daughter as a member of the Church. When did that happen?!?!
I cannot accept the setting of the bar so high. I accept that there will be some who need more than I as the midwife can offer.
I had originally applied back in March for a teaching position in Spain (the auxiliare de conversacion program). But I was wait listed and by July I figured that Spain wasn’t going to work out. I set my sights on Asia, and I was planning to be in South Korea. I wasn’t, and still am not, very interested in South Korea, but in my experience that is exactly why you should go somewhere. Even if you never love a place you can still appreciate it. That is how I was with Spain and the Spanish language.
There are crates of marvelous vintage champagne in the cellar, I've been saving for this special occasion, as well as a bar set up with all kinds of goodies. I've instructed the bar tenders to make delicious and very old fashioned "Last Word" cocktails. (2 oz gin, 1oz green chartreuse, 1/2 oz maraschino, and 1/2 fresh cut squeezed lime, shake, add a fresh bing cherry for cuteness) Cheers! Feel free to throw your glasses and crash them into the fireplace, since they are cyber glasses, after all.
Later in the morning, we grieved as the woman next door gave birth to a stillborn baby...we hugged our girl even harder and prayed for that family and the hospital staff. To sit there with our joy while someone else was in such pain was horrific, to say the least. I think of that Mom often....I don't even know her name, but I still think of her. She had 3 children at home....each of them excited about the new baby their Mommy was having. She had to walk out of the hospital with her arms empty....even now my throat tightens and I ache for her....and I hold my Kiki a little bit tighter and am so thankful for the blessing she is to us.
It feels like I just got back and I'm on the road again. I'm writing this on the train to the airport, this time for a 3 week trip in Asia on a seminar track.
The dark mountain, location of the truest light, is the traditional form of the ultimate end, the all in all, seen at the beginning. It is the essential mirage of God, the real illusion that appears within the definitive and decisional moment when one starts to move or turn into divine Reality, as dramatized in the opening of the Divine Comedy, in which the wayfarer shows how the path to the illumined summit passes through hell: “A te convien tenere altro vïaggio” (Inferno 1.91)
These jaunty dirges are hammered into our brain every December, and they mostly sound like a civilization dying. The only way to escape them is to sequester yourself for a couple of months in a nuclear bunker.
minutes over medium-high
GM: How is it that commonsense can’t prevail? There needs to be a proper permit system.
The Dell 3000cn printer is a color laser type that’s ideal for a small workgroup of PCs. It carries with it some essential features an office can take advantage of to come up with quality printouts.
We are doing some remodeling in our house and are paying a contractor to do it. It is an ongoing process that has taken about three months. As is usual, the cost of the estimate keeps going up and we are a bit over budget.
New Media is extremely vital today to businesses and people in general because it helps them to stay connected and in touch with the world. New Media includes things like social networking sites, blogs, wikis, text messages, online videos. In other words things that use the world wide web and networks.
Always remember that you're just stitching thread on fabric. The world will not end if you mess up!
which is a must for me to make for a friend...
Images from Arum Lilea.
Since the film is theatrically tragic, don’t be surprised to find a strong connection with Shakespearean tragedies. Nina has the quintessential tragic flaw of Shakespeare’s tragic heroes, especially Macbeth. In fact, her doppleganger plays the role of Lady Macbeth inciting her to do evil. Despite seeing supernatural portents and hallucinations — especially the ones seen in the mirror where Nina sees her skin peel off to grow black spike plumes — she gives in to lures of ambition. Such hallucinations are similar to the ones Macbeth saw, for example seeing the bloody dagger before Macbeth murders King Duncan.
I ran both half marathons without ever stopping one single time, but today I took water from each of the aid stations. This was a challenge as plastic cups do not crease as easily as paper cups. Thankfully I never choked or drowned myself!
This list goes on.. but one thing remains the same.. in EACH instance.. a FLASH into high frequency was seen 1-2 days BEFORE the storms hit the places directly with tornadoes. Each time the above occurred.. this was documented.. screenshots taken, and videos released. Search my past videos to see all the previous reports:
It's a pity, as Vanessa Gebbie commented on a recent post here, that this year's Booker judges didn't say what they meant by 'readability' when they announced that it was their main criterion, as some of the ensuing discussion seems to have wobbled on cross purposes. However, several of their comments give some indication.
Ramble On
‘My view about the recession is that … it didn’t shift the course,’ she said. ‘It accelerated the course we were already on.’
I've often referred to her as my Fairy Godmother, such was the transformative effect she had on my life. She called herself my 'writing mum', which doesn't do justice to her shimmering glamour but is equally fitting. She was the first person I told when I got 'the call'. She was the person I talked to when I needed advice on anything from contracts to career direction, the one I shared champagne and chocolates with (at my kitchen table at 10 in the morning) when I won the RNA Romance Prize, the person to whom I dedicated my first book. It was Penny who inspired, instructed and informed my writing more than anyone else, who made me feel shy and awe-struck by her effortless elegance, her humour, humility and capacity for sheer hard work, and who gave endlessly without ever taking anything in return.
An EDL member wrapped in an England flag“I’m very pleased indeed,” said Mr Neville. “The whole morning has been a real success - there were no clashes at all.
Tomorrow we fly to Cyprus for a short break. It's Grandma in Cyprus' 80th birthday on Saturday, so celebrations are in order.
The funny thing is--well, not really funny exactly, actually kind of sad. But a few years back, David would have jumped like a frantic puppy for the chance to walk with Cassandra. All relationships probably have one person who loves the other person more. And David had definitely been that person.
Pulling the dicks of greedy, fuckin' bankers.
This room was at the very top of the house, up some almost ladder-like stairs. Here, we were treated to an excellent and inspiring talk by Gary Fildes from the Kielder Observatory near the Scotland/England border.
-Lastly, I'm sorry if this offends you but why should other people pay for you to do a domestic adoption?
The project had to face two preliminary constraints: a surrounding area burdened by the aesthetic and cultural tradition of the Spanish row-house concept and, on the other hand, the plot’s exposure to solar radiation during the hottest months of the year.
Except Hanna has no never-been-kissed set of tropes to work from, like the rest of us did in that situation. So she takes him down. It was one of those movie moments when I was completely surprised and totally delighted by the unexpected shift in a story — thus, even though Hanna was far more impressive in other fights during the film, and even though Gina Carano is an MME goddess, this scene won my heart. Congratulations, Ronan!
its white color is brilliant and pure.
I was twenty-one when I read Dantons Tod (Danton’s Death), the same age when Georg Büchner wrote it. I only picked it up in an attempt to improve my German but quickly realised that this was something exceptional, an extraordinary play by an extraordinary writer, who died aged only twenty-three in February 1837. Dantons Tod, set during the most climatic and turbulent period of the French Revolution, was the only one of his plays to be published during his lifetime, though in a heavily censored version. Even then, such were the radical themes it touched on, it had to wait until 1902 before it was premiered in his native Germany.
Genre: Young Adult, Contemporary, Thriller
Source: Borrowed from a friend
Remarkably, I'm able to pin it down: They played the Aragon on Friday, March 13, 1987, according to this fellow, who claims to have documented the many concerts he's been to. I'll go along with that. I don't have any record of what I did that night, but I was out doing something, and it's what I think of on those rare occasions when I hear about the band, such as this week.
and very, very, very patient people come over
Stakeholder performance appraisal results to date indicate that a holistic stakeholder relationship marketing orientation that incorporates triple bottom line philosophy significantly enhances business financial performance beyond that achieved by a customer relationship marketing orientation.
‘Chhodo Kal Ki Baatein’ is an artistic creation about the metamorphosis of a person (Sachin Khedekar) with a compulsive need to work, into an illuminated soul. This film is undoubtedly heartening for the urban man, yearning to carve a niche in this otherwise dog-eat-dog world without resting to stop a while and enjoy life.
Dear Sicknast Wolf Spider of Ginormousness,
Part 6: Electroconvulsive Shock
I bought NICE bras that fit right. Crazy, right? It only took me six months to get back to a bra that fits me and does something for my otherwise flimsy post- preggo boobies.
In a medium saucepan, add the half and half, sugar, and vanilla. Whisk well. Stir in the coconut. Heat the mixture over medium-high until it reaches a slow rolling boil (a boil that cannot be stirred down), or 180 degrees on a candy thermometer. Whisk occasionally to keep things from scorching.
Shirt: Target
I don’t know how my tone made that line sound, but i didn’t care. That moment, I felt like he had to understand it the way he wanted to. because every interpretation was a truth.
What we do know is that hospitalizations for eating disorders in kids under 12 are up 119%, and research from the University of Minnesota found that weight control behaviors used by adolescents predicted significant weight gain in some kids and eating disorders in some kids but failed to produce thinner kids or healthier kids.
Spring has been a little messy this year–not so great for projects. Here are a few examples from my life (though I am sure you have your own.)
Yesterday, the Federation of Western India Cine Employees, a Mumbai-based film industry union, called on Hindi filmmakers to “avoid kangaroo country” until the crisis was sorted out.
“I love this farm, and they’re good to share it with me. There’s only one problem.”
After all this time together I still feel so lucky to have found Mr. Schroeder. We totally balance each other. He is the realist and I am the dreamer. He is the responsible party & I am the risk taker. He is the protector and I am the protected.
Sew your circle! Think of each distance between two pins as one short straight seam. Go slowly and be very careful to maintain a 1/4" seam allowance. As you get to each pin, leave the needle down and gently realign the fabric to avoid puckers. You may want to lift the presser foot when you do this. Be patient with yourself -- this will be slow going.
Thus you in Chouder always must begin.
I re-watched Ariel’s adventures recently (totally holds up) and I’ll be damned if I didn’t understand everything that little Gaulish caricature mutters. For all these years, I’d assumed he was just mumbling, but he actually says “Nouvelle cuisine, Champs-Élysées, Maurice Chevalier,” which is still nonsense but are actual French words.
In just one in a string of brilliant examples, Ashley Judd lights up the screen with her pearly whites. The contrasting scenes of Vivi's anguish only make that smile brighter. Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
Test 3:
Oddly, for a medium that talks a lot about improving engage­ment, there’s not a lot of consensus on exactly what the term means. We present one definition — by two analyst firms, Web Analytics DeMystified and Altimeter — in the quote that begins this chapter, but it, like many definitions out there, actually seems to be more about defining the ways you can measure engagement than engagement itself. In their excellent report, “The world’s most valuable brands. Who’s most engaged?”[1] Altimeter joins with fellow analyst firm Wetpaint to measure major brands’ level of social media engagement. Not once is the concept explained or defined. They obviously expect their audience of brand marketers to implicitly understand the term.
While driving toward Gauley Bridge on SR 16, we came upon two waterfalls on Laurel Creek. The road follows the creek here, and it was very easy to find both waterfalls. Of course we just had to stop and get some pictures. This is a photo of the Upper (larger) Waterfall on Laurel Creek.
So my Wednesdays are a treasure. It’s my time to let go a deep sigh as I take in the empty house, and peruse the fridge for a few simple ingredients to fill my tummy. Since I won’t be off-putting to my egg-hating husband, many of these meals will include the cooking of eggs. One week it was a spicy dish of cooked chorizo and potato, topped with a hard-cooked egg, there was the phenomenal and by far most popular of blog posts when I made the shirred eggs in potato skins- that occurred on my solo Wednesday evening, and then just recently, with the desire to make something unique, I created a roasted rutabaga and poached egg dish that was divine, yet so simple and amazing.
Aside from this a little Scottish bird tells me that they hear that postmen up there have received a communication advising them not to deliver the said BNP circulars. Hmm.
I’ll work on putting together a real code example to accompany this 3 part mini-series on an introduction to the db-migration plugin. Hopefully it’s been helpful!”
view, in case CPIO of the public authority can easily and inexpensively transfer an information-request under Section 6(1) to its subordinate offices under Section 6(3), which in themselves may be public authorities, then such CPIO should proceed to do so. As in this case, since all it needed to transfer the request to other public authorities under the CBEC was to use the e-mail or the Internet, with which all these public authorities were connected, it should be possible to effect the transfer under Section 6(3).
This piece became one of my favorites immediately upon finishing it. It was my first attempt at this medium and I now have a deep appreciation for beeswax. I have always loved the look of beeswax. What I did not know is how rewarding it can be. Going from a bag of wax pellets to a beautiful textured finish on a piece of art work. I enjoyed smelling the wax as I heated it and spread it on the collage; layering it between the elements as I re-heated each layer to fuse them together and then adding a coat over the top. I wasn’t sure how the dried rose bud would work out, but the wax just melted around it and holds it nicely.
Should we be surprised that the second sign was more effective?
The 3rd cache was located at a small business. We arrived in the parking lot, walked around to the business, which was closed and nearly gave up when I noticed this drain spout, which was the only place to hide a small box. I crawled down to peek inside and found this tiny box stuck to the bottom of the spout with a magnet. It contained the log book, 7 cents and an earring. With no pencil, we were unable to sign the log so we will return later to make note of our find. There are caches all over the world and maybe in your own back yard! Join in the treasure hunting fun at Geocaching.com
"My agent slithers" means I call up Barbara Poelle and ask why she's letting you go.
Much to my dismay, however, they did not send the right suit! They sent the exact same suit, but with a hood!
In the centre of each pool, there is what seems to be a dark bottomless pit:
A fascinating article in the NYT by economist Robert H. Frank looks at the effects of gender supply and demand in the US and China. Frank reasons that around 1969 there were fewer men of marrying age — 26 — than women of marrying age — 22 — who …
Upper heaven; grace, now
Singer, Peter. Animal Liberation. New York: Random House, 1990.
'Fat' or 'anorexic'... It hurts just as much.
5 plump cloves of garlic, unpeeled
Til I read them a bit closer...
Sudan (Jackson Square)
Love is thinking for me
The Mixed Tape
Keith Cecil Norman (Lib Dem) 195
bottom and stayed there. Mary promptly jumped in to save
Advice: Get used to it. Make peace with it and don’t worry about getting enough sleep (which often causes more insomnia). You will be able to make it through the day if you hold thoughts of getting just what you need. You can also request your Higher Power to give you a break now and then and give you a good, deep night’s sleep.
So this Saturday is the Kentucky Derby MiniMarathon/Marathon
So how do you live a sensual life? According to what I learned on the yoga mat, this is how – Take deep breaths. Spend time with yourself. Be humble. It is only when you realize that you don’t know everything that the world will open up to you. Don’t stop learning, even though it has nothing to do with your career. Teach. Give. Reach out. Marvel at the world. Allow people and things to touch you. When you meet someone, just be happy to take the time, a month, or two, or six. Be there so that you remember the first time he takes your hand, the first kiss, the first fight. Savour him, so that months later when the night is cold and dark, you can wake up and remember how he felt. Remember that strength doesn’t mean force. Don’t be afraid to laugh and cry. Remove labels from emotions – they are not bad or good, they just are. Wear your heart on your sleeve once in a while. A bit of pain makes future pleasures sweeter. Enjoy your space when you are alone, and from there you can create space for someone else. Set good intentions, but don’t rush to get there. Move slowly – enjoy every breath, every pulsation, every touch. The journey is every bit as important as the destination. The climax will come. There is no rush to get there.
But do you see what the great thing is, so different from the scene I described above? Not once did I give a second thought to what the rest of Cracker Barrel was thinking about Small Elephant. I wasn’t trying to cover up my giant midsection. I wasn’t assuming that every eye and every thought was on me. I wasn’t wishing I was at home on the loveseat. Mostly because I’ve gotten over myself since becoming a mother, realizing that nobody cares. And also because I don’t have the time to care. It’s wonderful. Self-esteem isn’t low; it’s just not even needed anymore and has been thrown in some forgotten and misplaced box with my mustache bleach and Kiehl’s acne spot treatment.
This time round we are going to do something we haven't done before here at Delicious Doodles, and that is:
From now on, when a gay-hater says he has gay friends, or a racist says he has black friends, or whatever, reporters should be legally required to say "name one. Because if that claim can not be verified, we will assume that you're lying."
M: Your instrumentation is pretty interesting. There are some animal sounds. I feel the ratchet is a sorely underused piece of percussion, so kudos with that.
Can she play the two factions against each other while keeping her family safe?
Dr Horst Bumba’s report also described that all her front teeth were bashed out and that her entire body was ‘covered in bruises, chafing and stabbing wounds. Her sexual parts were mutilated extensively also internally. Dr Bomba was unable to find the unmarried Afrikaans woman’s uterus or cervix (womb). He described these extreme injuries as 'having been caused by very clear penetration with a sharp object’. Due to the extreme injuries, Dr Bumba was unable to determine whether she had been raped.
Here are my pace splits (aiming for 8:04s roughly):
There are several other unique figures in this panel that I hadn’t seen before. I’m not NEARLY as knowledgeable about rock art as some of my friends around here are, so I won’t even pretend to know what period these figures are from! I had to ‘google’ the panel, and from everything I read, they appear to be Basketmaker Anasazi.
It’s not just the radiation: According to the Times:
Duane Ensing - That's a great question, and one that will be different for each designer. I believe as a designer, it would be scale and rhythm. These are two elements that are really uniquely key in any landscape space, but from a personal perspective, developing a trust relationship with a client is key by exercising honour and integrity at every turn on the path we are walking together.
The universal hatred of the apartheid regime in white South Africa has blinded us to the reality of the acts of murder, torture and terrorism committed by the Spear of the Nation, which Mandela and his colleagues presided over in their leadership of the ANC. This helps to explain why, until the beginning of July 2008, Mandela was still on the US list of terrorists.
Once Shepard reaches the beam and is now inside the Citadel she hears Anderson’s voice, Shepard’s former superior officer on the Normandy from the first game, through her communication device and tells her he made it inside with her but are separated somehow. Shepard continues to communicate with Anderson until the connection gives out as she makes her way through the pathway to get to the module that should activate the Catalyst to make the Crucible work. Shepard reaches the room with the module to see Anderson already in the room but is unable to activate the Catalyst as the Illusive Man comes out of the shadows and has him under an invisible hold. At this point, the Illusive Man’s appearance barely looks human. The player witnesses what looks to be a final showdown between Shepard and the Illusive Man. The Illusive Man spouts out a bunch of crazy things such as working with the Reapers in an effort to try and control them, his solution to ending the Reaper war. It becomes a battle of wills between Shepard and the Illusive Man to get him to back down from going on with this crazy plan, convince the Illusive Man that he has been indoctrinated by the Reapers, and save Anderson whose life is in danger.
I will admit to being incredibly sick of eggs. As you ingest no carbs or fruit on this plan for two weeks, protein (eggs) is a must for breakfast every morning. No cereal. No oatmeal. No bagel. I only eat my eggs scrambled or in an omelet. I have learned to tolerate one fried so long as the yolk is cooked all the way and it’s laying on top of tomato or bacon so I can eat it all together to as to not taste the egg. But I’ve done it. I’ve proven to myself that I do have discipline and motivation.
By 1924, enrollment grew to 152 students; today, it is nearly 1,200. In the late 1950’s, the name was changed to St. Paul Bible College. Accreditation was granted to the College in 1975 by The Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools. Of the more than 4,000 degree-granting institutions of higher education in the United States, Crown is one of 116 intentionally Christ-centered institutions to have qualified for membership in the Council for Christian Colleges & Universities (CCCU) and is one of four colleges affiliated with the Christian and Missionary Alliance church in the United States.
T - 10 tempo
In the December, 2010 issue of Art Review, I invite you to read my review of Alberto Burri at the Santa Monica Museum of Art. This is a link to the article online.
So, do you think I can pull off another 12,500 through the month of December?
Here is the end of choice. For here we come to a decision to accept ourselves as God created us. And what is choice except uncertainty of what we are? There is no doubt that is not rooted here. There is no question but reflects this one. There is no conflict that does not entail the single, simple question, “What am I?”
But look at that double chin!
But what about Faribault area residents, museum curators, and local and state historians?
The first question I asked Mona was, "Have you ever been arrested?" It worked out okay.
The narrator finds Strickland holed up in the “poorer quarters of Paris” in Hotel des Belges, a place full of characters “who might have stepped out of the pages of Honore de Balzac.” The young man confronts Strickland and is immediately disarmed by his “cordial agreement” with all the charges against him, perplexed the narrator says: “I was prepared to be persuasive, touching, and hortatory, admonitory and expostulating, if need be vituperative even, indignant and sarcastic; but what the devil does a mentor do when the sinner makes no bones about confessing his sin? I had no experience, since my own practice has always been to deny everything.” Questioned about the motives behind his desertion, and subsequent refusal to return home, Strickland simply replies: “I want to paint…I can’t help myself. When a man falls into the water it doesn’t matter how he swims, well or badly: he’s got to get out or else he’ll drown,” which leads the narrator to accuse the aspiring artist of “cold cruelty” and “extraordinary callousness” and conclude him an “unmitigated cad.”
Morello: Ahem.
I am honored to now be part of a talented group of women on-line, through Etsy and in blogland. The women at the Old Farmhouse Gathering welcomed me with open arms and big smiling faces......yes I could actually see them lol. I hope to be able to get to know each and every one of them through posting and emails and maybe actually meeting them. Brenda from The Rusty Thimble has been most welcoming and I am waiting for a package for her that I am sure I am going to jump for joy over. The neighbors will think, yup....Michelle has finally flipped.....So visit us (yes us lol) on Etsy and type OFG into the search engine and there you will find all the wonderful designers, primitive, country, cottage, etc. Really come on now....do it. It will be worth your time and all the eye candy is just a feast!!!
Zircotec’s coatings are appreciated by many of the teams using motorbike engines that tend to run hot in the Formula Student installation. “We are coating exhausts that keep heat inside the exhaust to prevent damage to surrounding components as well as supplying heat resistant foils to protect fuel lines, batteries and the driver,” says Graham. “This year we also coated a composite bulkhead and we expect to see more of these lightweight materials requiring protection in future Formula Student cars.”
7: That's The Way
Dave hates his wife. He criticizes her appearance, her weight, her nagging him about his drug problem. He hates his family. He’s pissed off his only son is mentally disabled. He has two teenage daughters he ignores. He masturbates to a video of the high school volleyball team he coaches. He’s bitter and angry and resentful and so far has shown no redeeming qualities at all.
Our coaching sessions was where we got to know more about each other by digging deep below the surface and answering questions about ourselves that maybe we’d rather choose to avoid or didn’t realize we were avoiding. The most memorable was our first session. It was a very eye opening experience. What people were sharing made me realize, just how much we have in common, how human we all are, and how isolated we can feel in our own thoughts. Everyday, I was very moved by the honesty and the support that we gave one another. It was truly a life changing (transformation) kind of an experience.
Do I sound like a rebel? A gender nonconformist? Don’t be too impressed. I just never got the memo. Eric Roeder would call my friend Jim Petee a “fag” and Jim would say, “I’m not a fag! Your’re a fag!” Then Eric would give Jim a push into the locker, and that would be that. But when Eric Roeder called me a fag, I would just shrug. What’s a fag? I wondered. I had no idea. I was just a kid, and so was Eric Roeder; I don’t think he really knew what a fag was either. I still got pushed into the locker, but, unlike Jim, I just didn’t see the problem with the whole “fag” thing.
“Alright. Go ahead. And no more tears, okay?”
Geoffery Smally at Gescheidle was also quite good. Especialy considering how his work has evolved tremendously, and in this body has gained substance and content. Before his work seemed mainly about hiways and cutout shapes. From that comes the installation at Gescheidle; huge cutouts of amalgamated icons for tanks, aircraft, etc. painted in hi gloss autobody paints. And the colors aren’t bad either, dark, muted maroons, navy blue and so on. Like giant game pieces from Risk, scattered over the floor, with a controlling figure presiding over it all. Smally achieves something very difficult with political work, it is directly about war, power and nepotism, but it is pulled off in a which smartly ties in history. The large mural of a suited figure with combat boots in the seat of power brings in history painting, portraits of monarchs and rulers and the adage about the victor writing history. The mural also brings up last fall’s opening show about Halie Selassie (Davis/Langois) at mmg talked about earlier. In an almost identical scene, the deified royal sits regally in power.
I have also taken more on in the school department, next semester I will going for my Pastry Certificate as well as my Culinary Degree, I may have lost my mind but its okay, I am sure that I will be okay.
A service of GSW Strategy Group, LLC, providing foresight and insight in an uncertain world. Content Copyright 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012 by Geoffrey S.W. Styles. All rights reserved. The views expressed in these postings are solely those of the author.
Thanks, Jessica! It sounds so intriguing!﻿
The paper is from the DCWV Be Mine stack. I cut the flowers at 5" from Flower Shoppe and wrapped ivory tulle around them. The base of the design is a Spellbinders Grand Nestabilities Label 4. It is embossed - actually, debossed...I flipped it in the folder without realizing it :/ - with the Plum Blossoms folder. I layered a Lacy Doily Motifs die, two Parisian Motifs dies, a Parisian Accents die and topped it off a Standard Circle small. I wrapped some vintage lace around the edge, and added gems from Recollections.
Some of you may remember the tale of the almost new Boeing 767 jet that had to land on a dragstrip when it accidentally ran out of fuel on a flight. But to most of you the jetliner registered as C-GAUN was little more than a run-of-the-mill widebody plane.
Sing sweet lullabies, wipe your teary eyes
This little ground I am, this cipher earth
another $325,196,93 for the
They build shopping malls and national retailers change local buildings to suit their corporate style and when they move on leave a city reduced in local history and needing more new developments.
There's so many wonderful things about Christmas, but I have to say that this season is a great reason to let your creativity take off!
As for a new stove, I'd love a gas cook top with an oven over there but, BUT,I'll keep it simple and go back with a combo unit like I got. BUT the new one will have electronic ignition and there for no pilot light! Saves on Propane use and cooler in the house huh?
We gorged and then bought our ticket for the horse and buggy ride. We waited. It wasn't like a Disneyland, where people shuffle forward in the seemingly interminable line; it was more like it takes time to hook the buggy to the horse and to roust the driver.
The background was created with Paint Squishings and the dragonfly fairies came from the Sum of All Crafts, thank you Valerie. This was created with my free digi programme so its a bit basic, but quite pretty and fun.
Jónsi Birgisson
wherein the rotational speed of said output is continuously variable, and said power conversion means includes, for each of said first and second power inputs, a respective integral combination of a respective electric motor element and an element of said mechanical transmission unit, each said integral combination involving said two respective elements thereof being directly associated mechanically and geometrically with each other without substantial spacing or other elements including bearings and shafts therebetween.
Why the neglect?
-Tag 11 people
Number four is Mo Farah (GBR) World gold and silver medalist over 5k & 10k respectively. Farah was the world leader at 5000m (12:53.11), a mark that made him the #2 European ever – and #25 all time. His 26:46.57 over 10,000m was #2 on this year’s list, but moved him up to #15 all time on the world list. In addition to his six races over 5k/10k, Farah threw in a half marathon PB (60:23) and a 10 kilometer run in Edinburgh (29:12), both victories – his only loss on the season being his silver medal performance over 10,000m in Daegu.
Man, this weekend went fast! I hope you enjoyed yours. And thank you so much for all the anniversary wishes! We had a really nice date night at Morton’s, home of our first date. It was great to have some alone time and get to talk and laugh, uninterrupted, for several hours!
-Twin size egg crate mattress pad: This is normally much cheaper than batting or foam at a craft store. I picked it up at Walmart for $10!
AND IT WORKED LIKE A CHARM.
Even Keaton, who plays the same role in the following year’s also-a-classic OUT OF SIGHT (1998, Steven Soderbergh) as he does here is immeasurably better in BROWN. For as much as I love Soderbergh’s Leonard adaptation, he turns Keaton’s Ray Nicolette into a chump, existing only to make us understand why Karen Sisco would risk her career by laying down with a criminal.
The sci-fi zombie has a series of characteristics that set it apart from its fanciful cousin. In order to critique the trope, it only makes sense that I lay out what I see as being included in that trope.
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Dr. Henry Norris Russell of Princeton recently threw a bombshell into scientific circles when he said: “It appears now to be probable that the number of inhabited worlds within the galaxy is considerable. To think of thousands, or even more, now appears far more reasonable than to suppose that our planet alone is the abode of life and reason.”
After failing on their push for an independent redistricting commission the Goo Goos now have hired a lobbyist. They want to form a Campaign Finance System like the cities but did not talk about non political redistricting. Must have been an oversight! The Good Government groups
I had decided to stick with my typical way of storing magazine articles and clippings. Hey, if it works, no shame in reusing ideas over and over. Into a binder the recipes would go!
It's a good strategy: instead of bemoaning the fact that imports cut into the market for craft beers, Full Sail created a beer -- and a brand -- for the import lager drinkers. The label bears only the small initials FS with a tiny 47 underneath -- the number of employees in this employee-owned brewery.
There’s an emerging tale that the players have told AW the Alchemist if they win the game El Capitan would be the man to lift the trophy. This shows that Arsenal FC is one big happy family with AW the Alchemist as the father and El Capitan as the first born son even if he’s 23.
If the book has any weaknesses it’s due to the fact that it’s not a full blown biography but if it were and had just stuck to the facts it would lose all its colour and charm. Hard to imagine a book like this as a page-turner but it turns into one. That, for me, is neither here nor there. What struck me from the very first chapter—entitled ‘A Vignette’—was the quality of the language. It’s December 31st 1899. Here’s how the book opens:
And I injured a muscle in my upper left thigh. I layed off for a few days, and tried running again last week. No dice. After some advice I didn't want to hear but knew to be true from two separate running sources, I have forced myself to take some time off.
Klipdrift was also on board with TS-Models and “Uncle Tom”. Couldn’t get a pic of the models cause Uncle Tom wa bona was nowhere to be found, and when I eventually did find him the models were gone hence I’m now forced to use only his pic on this review.
Back Row; Such riches to choose from. Dusautoir, Harinordoquy, Parisse, Ferris, Croft and Morgan. There'as a real case for Croft before Warburton because of injuries - but for me its got to be the three Welsh boys, Warburton, Falatau and especially Lydiate (Wales all the way)
Islam has been at war with us since the seventh century and it is only just over three hundred years since we confronted them at the gates of Vienna. Our cultures are entirely incompatible, however, this time we have ignored history and allowed our enemy to come amongst us. They have come amongst us in their millions, and used the trappings of our society against us.
OK, so the roads here are dusty and the laundry facilities are adequate, but when we go on trips to the far east and africa etc, we take our good clothes and the roads are just as dusty there and the laundry is just as third world.
Chills and then sweats.
Harry Kottek / drums
4. This third point is inspired by the Church’s treatment of Galileo. Galileo, of course, was found by the Inquisition to be ”vehemently suspect of heresy” and lived the rest of his life in house arrest. The reason? He dared to suggest, contrary to a plain reading of 1 Chronicles 16:30, Psalms 93:1, 96:10, 104:5, and Ecclesiastes 1:5, that the Earth revolved around the Sun, rather than vice versa. The Catholic Church did not formally apologize until 2000.
maybe later i could add something a little bit interesting than just a fanfic..
The appetizer consists of various slices of delicious cold hams, and they taste just grrrreat! So I'm not sad anymore for not having any turkey for Thanksgiving dinner, haha!
The black organizations were not satisfied. They were determined to interfere with the police effort in any way they could.
6 cans of beer
~It must be voted into the Watchlist by majority vote. If there is an unsettled tie between two anime, the chief (or subchief) will decide what to do.
Okay, now let’s move on to the gig on this Wednesday night. I went to the venue in the morning to redeem the ticket. I was very surprised to see there were many fans around the place when it was still only 10am, 10 hours away from the gig. I was even more surprised when I heard that some of them had been there since 8am. Wow. I saw so many excited fans that morning. After had some business done, including meeting and having a meal with friends, I went back to the venue at 4 pm, when the first gate was opened. There was a long queue at the entrance and my friends and I managed to get in and stood in another line before we finally entered the venue at around 6.30pm. The audience of the show was divided into three classes—VIP (front rows, with a IDR 1.2 million or about US$134 or €100 ticket), Premium Festival (middle rows, with a IDR 850,000 or about US$ 95 or €70 ticket) and Regular Festival (back rows, with a IDR 500,000 or about US$ 55 or €41 ticket).
As ALWAYS....I hope this post finds you well & HAPPY....!
Daniel: Oh nice. Are you still with the radio station now that you will be pursuing the music industry on a much larger scale?
“This is for the hole in the wall.” He cries, a direct act of pride for his beloved Stoke-on-Trent. Such a reference only goes to show you can take a band out of Stoke, but you can’t take Stoke out of their hearts, with Ryan clearly paying his respects to the last hole in the wall oatcake shop, which is sadly to be closed this very weekend after almost one hundred years of business. All The Young’s strong sense of pride ran deeply through the veins of every person at Keele University as they powered through their set with unmatchable passion. If ever there was a time to see All The Young live, this was it. This was the moment. The moment four local lads dropped in on their beloved hometown ahead of their highly anticipated debut album release, and will set off once more having brought a great sense of pride back into the hearts of music lovers in Stoke-on-Trent.
The M stands for severe muscle pain, severe musclefatigue, and most of all an abnormally delayed muscle recovery after doing trivial things.
My mother-in-law had a very definite perception of me and that did not always line up with my own self-perception, what I wanted from life or who I wanted to be.
Both novels are stand-alone pieces, set in Suffolk, and feature characters introduced in TWBM and TSM, although not Cate Austin.
Vinay: When I first came to KIS, I had a very low GPA. Being here inspired me to work hard. The full IB programme is challenging, but I kept a course load that I could manage. Procrastinating is the worst enemy!
This is one of the reasons that the USSR and US signed an actual treaty forbidding the placement of nuclear-launch submarines off the coasts of one another's territory, and the Russians actually followed it; a Russian sub could theoretically set up 20 miles off the coast of Maryland and nuke the Pentagon in about two minutes. That was an unacceptable strategic risk.
Galadriel: (ever-so-guiltily) Um. That's what I'm trying to figure out.
Here’s part of another from “Sochin Permutations”:
Indian Ocean Trade
I got the upstairs clean. Next is the basement! EEEWW!!! Then maybe I'll be done enough to start all over again!
A day on the job is worth a year of experience. It is important to learn how to make snap decisions in the face of uncertainty. Only experience can teach you to make better decisions. It is important to listen to what you know and what your instincts tell you. They suggest that you trust your gut, and chose your investments on those feelings. Then see those ideas and investments through to the end. It is a good idea to have many side projects that can be running at any one time to learn from. It is critical to do something you can feel passionate about, and are willing to invest the time in to get things done, expect long hours. Remember it is not about being a entrepreneur but about the end product and what you deliver to users that really matters.
Should I do something? Like, work on a long-time goal?
(and return as a faithful blogger)
That sort of passage may look easy enough to write. It is not. It requires an absolutely secure understanding not only of one part of the whisky world, but of its entire extent. Broom has that, and, in the few areas where he is not completely sure of his ground, he has had the good sense to look to others that do. The Canadian and Central Europe sections, for instance, were written with the expert help of Davin de Kergommeaux and Bernhard Schafer, respectively, and both are really enlightening reads. I also found the "Flavor Camp" classifications and the lists at the back of the book extremely useful, allowing the reader to cross-reference, for instance, "fruity and spicy" or "smoky and peaty" whiskies from across the world.
But yesterday, I hit up my local Salvation Army on the way home from a meeting and took advantage of half-priced day. Even though the weather keeps going back and forth between winter and summer here, there are some spring trends that I am really looking forward to. I walked in to the store thinking of a few things- horizontal stripes, bold colors, printed pants, and walked out with a major haul, all for about $12!
The regulations for gluten-free labelling are changing at the end of this year, when products labelled 'gluten-free' must have a verified gluten content of less than 20 parts per million (ppm), and 'very low gluten' will mean 21-100 ppm. A third classification of 'no gluten-containing ingredients' will indicate products that are likely to be safe but will not have been tested to establish the definitive gluten content. This has caused some upheaval in the food industry, and the dietitian was there to talk about the food service in the hospital, and to reassure members that there would be gluten-free food if they were admitted. There isn't a great variety, though, and if I needed to eat gluten-free I definitely wouldn't want to be there more than a week.
Madness It must be love UK
1. Cut tomatoes in half and season well with salt and pepper. Drizzle with olive oil and let them sit while you prepare the rest of the ingredients.
Like A Rolling Stone
Ok, a lot freaked out.
8. Lady Madonna — This is a great example of Paul borrowing from other genres. He took sounds that were…well…something else…jazzy perhaps…and made them rock and roll. He also made a hard driving song with mass appeal and interesting lyrics. This is one of my favorite Beatles songs from a guitar standpoint.
21.) Juan Samuel, Second Baseman (1989)
Apparently I've been a bit absorbed for the last week or so, with the Toys for Troops event. We just don't have a clear idea of how much money we have to work with, and how far we have to spread it, until we get closer to the big day. A lot of the work comes on a tight deadline, leaving me under a bit of pressure for the last week, trying to focus on all of the last minute tidbits. I was up until midnight or later for the last 10 days before the event.
Richard Kadrey introduces us to Stark as he emerges from eleven years of pure Hell.
They lower me to the floor. They give me a treat. Then Mom and I leave.
pinch of vanilla
In America as I know it, I have never seen so many espouse the idea of independent thinking while at the same time so eager to join groups, and be so chauvinistic about their affiliations. This rumination was sparked by the sheer number of people I saw wearing clothing or accessories on which one cannot fail to notice all sorts of logos, brands, symbols, and statements which presumably signify the allegiances of the wearer. From the brand of water one drinks to the American flag, from which sports team one follows to what corporate clothing chain at which one prefers to shop, I was depressed by the widespread group think I saw emblazoned on almost everyone.
- 1 pound of puff pastry
The large Faberge style egg is a stamped image from Waltzingmouse's 'Nestie Eggs'. I used some versamark ink and then heat embossed the image using pearlescent embossing powder, I edged the outside of the egg using The Ribbon Reel's gorgeous blue loopy trim and then added May Arts white silky crush, sky blue gingham and white Organza spot ribbon at the top. A loopy trim bow and button finished with blue gem finishes the top of this faberge egg.
It was fantastic. Not the least bit lacking in flavor or body, a true session beer and great summer thirst quencher. I found the standard lineup (Amber, Pale and IPA) quite good but nothing really stood out. I noticed a house hop quality in the more hop-centric beers like the IPA to be a bit of harsh bitterness and less aroma than in my favorites, but all three were exceptionally well-crafted beers. I really enjoyed their version of an English extra special bitter (the EST), the malt body was perfect, but I was not overwhelmed by the use of Perle hops in lieu of EKG or Fuggles. I love Perle in, for example, Double Mountain's Kolsch, but didn't think they matched well with the malt. The stout was great as well, wonderfully roasty but not too dense.
UNITED NATIONS, Mar 9 (IPS/TerraViva) – The negative fallout from climate change is having a devastatingly lopsided impact on women compared to men, from higher death rates during natural disasters to heavier household and care burdens.
There was one story of a woman who gave birth to Awurade. How can that be? A human being that gives birth to the CREATOR? One who is an equal to the ALMIGHTY? That sounds so unnatural.
Warren MP, Perlroth NE. The effects of intense exercise on the female reproductive system. J Endocrinol 2001; 170: 3-11.
Mr. Silberman was floored. The couple had two sons, ages 1 and 3. They had met at a Club Med on the Caribbean island of Martinique when they were in their early 20s and had moved in together almost immediately. They’d bonded over tennis and travel. Mr. Silberman had fallen for her vibrant, fun-loving personality. Ms. Silberman liked how friendly and active he was.
Oasis Reflection: It's October again.
According to a May 1 blog post, Pinterest has partnered up with photo management and sharing site Flickr to make it easier to pin photos from Flickr and credit the content’s creator with an attribution statement included with each pin. Content pinned from sites like Behance, Vimeo and YouTube will also feature these attributions.
“Oh I was here first,” said a pregnant woman with an accent. “I had my stuff here.”
Once the twist of "Shutter Island" is revealed and explained in a presentation by Ben Kingsley (with the help of a white board and rivaling the one in "Tell No One" for sheer length), my mind starts to go back and try to see the movie from a new perspective to see if it makes sense. The trick with the Big Twist Narrative is that it is often revealed at the very end of the film in the hopes that you won't recognize how ridiculous it may actually be. In rare cases, such as "Vertigo" or "The Crying Game", the Big Twist is revealed halfway through the movie, forcing the characters to actually deal with the consequences of knowing more than they were supposed to know. That is interesting to me and elevates this level of storytelling to something beyond trying to mess with my head. Also, the revelation in "The Crying Game" was character-based and the plot in "Vertigo" was not as overly complicated as today's Big Twist Narratives.
and the Blacks, Mexicans
In some towns, at any rate, they receive a capitation fee of fifty centimes -- a fluctuating sevenpence-halfpenny according to the exchange -- for every man they arrest. Fortunately, living is cheap, so that when hunger bears too hardly upon them the remedy of a timely prisoner is easily come by. There need be no superfluous scruples, such as waiting until a man commits an offence against the law. Pick a quarrel with any stray passer-by or pounce down upon him unawares.
- Since it was quickly going out of print, I finally bought the monster 560-page catalog for the John Wesley retrospective at Fondazione Prada. The book gives a thorough year-by-year account of his activities and development via writings, quotes, reviews, and an “I don’t care if the image is pixilated we need it in the book for the record” attitude.
If you like this article, you will love Office Polarizers: The Most Destructive Personalities in the Workplace, available at http://www.amazon.com/Office-Polarizers-ebook/dp/B007W5PF9W/ (Author: D.G. Hargrett)
Elsie and me had one cup of tea
But I ask you?
Although many women are very “fed up” by the end of pregnancy it is worth thinking about the risks and benefits of accepting a hospital induction. It is also worth noting that different doctors and different hospitals set wide ranging dates for induction so there is clearly room for discussion with your midwife or doctor about if and when you should be induced.
Again, I reiterate, this is not to say anything bad about our petite friends, this is just an observation I have made.
According to information provided by Wilfredo Sandoval, correspondent for El Comercio in Chiclayo , about five thousand dolphins have died in the last four months, over 200 kilometers of coastline located between Lambayeque and Piura .
“As I would not stand the humiliation any longer, I warned the armed man to know that the lady is my wife and that it would not be good doing the thing in my presence. My effrontery angered the idiot, who corked his gun and threatened to shoot me. One of them armed with machete, got more infuriated and hit me with a sharp object on my head and I fell. “At the point of death, I watched the idiots raping my wife in turn. I passed out as I could not stand it any longer.”
decrepit nature of property, and floods. This grant would help us rebuild the area and put this
ANDREW: Really sorry.
Then another press release from lovedrinks arrived in my inbox and I noticed the interesting words samples are available at the bottom. This sounds like it's worth another email I thought, so I tried a bit of online blagging shortly before going to the lakes for a week's holiday.
Against the sky.
In cases where the Trust failed to get a valid Assignment, the problem is complicated by the bankruptcy of the major loan originators, including American Home Mortgage, Option One Mortgage, and Countrywide Home Loans.
One stopped being stared at and discriminated against and one started to be, and neither one was to blame.
Then, paint the leaves all kind of different and cheerful bright colours and let them dry.
Deco are modern and the place is spacious with some private rooms equipped with Karaoke to sing to your heart delight.
But the idea that faculty at big state schools, let alone community colleges, have it easy is just mind-boggling. I’ve visited a lot of these places and talked to a lot of these people, largely, I’m sorry to say, because they buy lots of textbooks. But I like the people — smart, highly educated people without the ego things all too common at more prestigious schools — very much. And I always come away awed by just how hard they work — how many class preps they have to do, how much time they spend with students, all for salaries that are a fraction of what people with similar qualifications earn in the private sector.
Yes, that describes me much better. But not always. Let me share with you some of my other characteristics and see if they remind you of anyone you work with. I hope that you’ll recognize that no matter what our “horse-enality” or our role in the herd (or at work) we all have value.
As you read on, you the reader may see
So it’s about that time of the year that those with the funds this summer take a minute and decide on what festival they’re attending. Or is it? With Glastonbury and Oxegen taking a year off and Sonisphere joining the Big Chill in being cancelled, have you decided against festivals this year? Can your purse/wallet not take the punishment? Or (perish the thought) is it your body that cannot hack the 3-5 days or so of absolute annihilation that you put it through? If any of these reasons are ringing any bells then you may be in the population of regular festival-goers that have bowed out this year only to be followed by the festivals themselves.
Diddy Kong acts as a absorber adjoin enemies you arise in acquaintance with, which is good, because Donkey Kong is affectionate of brittle in Boscage Climber. A abandoned draft of an adversary or an ecology hazard will bulk him a action and avant-garde him aback to the endure checkpoint. It seems harsh, but the bold makes up for it by accepting abundantly acceptable with added lives. If you do run out of lives, you’ll abide from the alpha of the endure affiliated you were on, acceptation that you’ll accept absent no added than a few annual of progress.
AT the end of June each year the New Zealand Society Of Beer Advocates holds a Matariki winter ales festival to celebrate the broad range of hearty wintry brews that are available to New Zealand beer drinkers.
After 10 years of attending ARVO, I’ve honed my planning down to an art. First, spend a little time with the Itinerary Builder. Here is the best way to catch everything you might want to see:
has no watch.
I love the cause, but that was pleasant hop bitterness as well. Would be a great beer to have back in Houston. Just goes great with heat of NO, and whatnot. I also see on Abita's website the have a slew of Select beers. I can see I'll just have to make a day trip to Abita's brewpub.
tugs at the line
- dirty three - toward the low sun - drag city - 2012 (lp)
Yes, we know there were issues with it. They did a statistical adjustment for small classes, but did no similar statistical adjustment for small schools. (And even with aggressive school closures, APS has an unusual large number of elementary schools teetering along with under 300 kids.) Why were 42% of the “classrooms” flagged across the state 1st and 2nd grades… grades in which the kids write in the test booklets, and no one has much of an incentive to cheat since the scores don’t count for anything?
Making sure no one heard a creak.
Back in February, CNN reported on the growing allure of the “shiny new currencies made of silver and gold” as over a dozen states across the nation contemplated an alternative currency.
on top of potatoes. Bake at 350 until tender and brown. (usually about 30 min)
I like writing about sports in fiction. J.K. Rowling did it with quiddich (or however it's spelled). I didn't want to make up a sport because that sounds too hard. So I chose one that I watch and understand. Ice hockey has a role to play in my first two books, and I'd like to explain why.
“… if I pray in a tongue, my spirit prays but my mind is unproductive. What should I do then? I will pray with the spirit, but I will pray with the mind also; I will sing praise with the spirit, but I will sing praise with the mind also. “ (1Cor.14:14 -15)
Early on a Sunday morning like this, its quiet and calm in the home and outside as well. A silent darkness and a faint glow from the snow outside. A good time to do some writing, so that’s what I’m doing. Only source of light in the room is the computer screen. Listening to Robbie Robertson singing Night Parade while I’m writing. That song is 20 years old now. At least. How fast time goes by.
Why did Jesus’ fame spread so quickly? What was he doing? What was his message?
Pinsky said the team “asked for a placeholder” and that the NYC IDA won’t review the draft application until the “IRS says this is a possibility, which they have not done.”
And if you didn’t have enough money, Morris would let you slide and pay him another day. Or he would even break an ice pop in two pieces, if you only had a nickel. Just the gentle kindness of a man who drove an ice cream truck and knew all our names.
I'm liking the added splash of citrus to the bathroom because it ties in the bright colours from the rest of the townhouse. Right outside the bathroom (impossible to photograph because the tripod won't fit in the narrow hall) are my needle felted wool abstracts.
Experience sumptuous Belgian Bites like never before in limited edition Christmas tin cans. Finally, you and you loved ones can enjoy these delicious donuts in delightful packages. Choose the Christmas Tree tin can with nine assorted Belgian Bites for only P170 or get the Candy Cane tin can with 7 pieces of Belgian Bites for only P150. These shiny fanciful tins are great for storing items and awesome reminders of a Christmas well spent.
20. Human hair is virtually indestructible. Aside from it’s flammability, human hair decays at such a slow rate that it is practically non-disintegrative. Hair cannot be destroyed by cold, change of climate, water, or other natural forces and it is resistant to many kinds of acids and corrosive chemicals.
Movement: He’s a wiggler. He’s super strong when he kicks/punches. You can easily see all of his movement from the outside now – Joe even got a glimpse the other day. He tends to move most when he hears my voice or Anna’s voice.
I really love the way she turned the sketch on it’s side. She also did an amazing job with the title work. It really adds a lot of interest to the page. She replaced the kite with a neat balloon that she attached to her page with twine. Very cool.
Some people have asked why we’re so crazy to spend time and money on a limited edition, hand printed event poster when just a flyer would do. The answer? We really care about quality work, and we also really care about artists working in our community. Even though we only have 100 posters to sell and post around town each one of those packs a real punch. This time it’s a deer, squirrel and birdy punch. Pow!
This is from a book by Kerry Armstrong, The Circles. I actually have owned two of these books over time but this one I won at a Silent Auction and has been signed by the author, the second I passed on to someone a long time ago. It’s a beautiful little book that guides you to reflect upon relationships in your life and their importance to making you be the best person. It is always interesting the relationships that have come and gone, particularly the movement in that inner circle. It has made me appreciate and honour those in the inner circle that much more. And let go of the ones who gradually fade away.
Hold your Liquor!
Just so we're clear, I've got no problems with gay people at all. What I do have a problem with is the obvious hypocrisy of the actions of Mr. Hinkle. Voting for gay marriage bans while you're trying to get sexy in a hotel room without your towel is quite assholish if you ask me.
Bad Kids – Black Lips
i need a clear view of my path. if fate is real, i need a straight path because it is not only my future at stake but my child also.
hey
Animal Survival
*or what to do when you are housebound with a sad sick cuddly three year old who repeatedly says "hold you," will not let you read a magazine on the couch, makes you watch team umizoomi marathons (fyi--not as good as marathons of law and order on tnt) and allows you only brief moments of free time to either a) pee or b) stir a pot on the stove.
Adam Weishaupt was born in Ingolstadt, Bavaria on February 6, 1748. His father died when he was seven and his godfather, Baron Ickstatt, entrusted his early education to the most powerful group of the time: the Jesuits. Known for its subversive methods and conspiratorial tendencies, the Society of Jesus had a stronghold on Bavaria’s politics and educational system.
Estoppel is based on the reasonable reliance of the accused on the patentee's action. For example, the infringer considers the case closed and makes further investments into the ongoing business.
I think that 2012 will be known as the year the Tea Party movement changed the future of America away from its entrenched socialist drift to a renewal of the founding principles of the nation. The movement is composed, quite simply, of patriots.
Eric Weinberg
I watercoloured the images using the Aqua Painter and Ink Pads from Stampin' Up! But you could just as easily colour with the blender pens or just use the markers themselves :o)
The medieval festival “Transylvanian Fortresses” had its first edition in 2001. Nomen Est Omen participated in 10 of the 11 years of this cultural event, this picture being taken in 2010, in front of the Lutheran Cathedral of Saint Mary, the city’s famous Gothic-style church.
“He said to them, ‘Go into the whole world and proclaim the gospel to every creature. Whoever believes and is baptized will be saved; whoever does not believe will be condemned.’” (Mark 16:15-16, emphasis added)
I have no idea why anyone would really want to read the stuff I blabber on about but I thought I would find out a little bit about my Latvian readers.
KUALA LUMPUR — As the row over the Obedient Wives Club (OWC) and statements made by its officebearers is simmering, the younger but longer-established Obedient Kids Club (OKC) has today made a statement asking the nation to give some attention to them now.
know a little more about how much they mean to me now.
There was a lot more to this than forgiveness. Specific issues had to be recalled (which was not fun), and their sinful patterns renounced. It was basically 4 hours of repentance. During this time the battle raged on in my head (the enemy at work), I would read a statement like, “I am innocent” and would hear, “You will never be innocent!” I had to renounce the enemy repeatedly in every area of my life. I’m telling you, folks, the war against the spirit is serious. Satan does not want my freedom, but guess what? He has no power here anymore.
We decided to distribute the books after school at Kieran's elementary school, along with another parent, Leigh, who was also participating (she was distributing Bel Canto by Ann Patchett, which I recently read for my book group).
- Yogurt 650 g 2 for $6.00 (Yoplait)
How does he know it is good? Ethiopians eat there. It’s crowded. People look prosperous. But the two-page menu offers more clues. A few American items are tucked down in a corner, but other than that it is all Ethiopian. It has Ethiopian breakfast items. The descriptions are sparse, because why would they need explaining to its core audience? There are dishes on the menu that he doesn’t recognize. “That’s always a good sign,” he said.
1/2 can of mushrooms (totally optional!)
The best part? All this paperwork led to me making new friends! While trying to figure out all the document authentication requirements, I realized that one of the other teachers hired through my recruiter was also from Oregon. In fact they live just a mere 15 minutes from me! Last night we enjoyed an amazing dinner (with GF brownies for dessert!) and great conversation. I am so luckily to have met them prior to heading to Abu Dhabi. I may not get to see them much before we leave, and we may be posted hours away from each other in AD, but at least I know them…just in case.
Stanley Ellin – The Specialty of the House
When I discovered a mistake, I would painstakingly undo each stitch one by one, not by pulling it out, but by knitting (or purling or yarn-overing) backwards. Whenever the pattern looked normal again I would resume knitting normally.
Garlic - This is a great remedy for colds or stomach bugs. Throw in some Ginger and you have a winning combination. The last time I got a cold, which was over 2 years ago it only lasted one day. I felt a cold coming on so I sat in my chair drinking ginger tea with honey all afternoon. It was a Saturday after soccer. That night I made my shrimp with Three Gingers, and Garlic for dinner. I think I put some extra garlic and ginger in that time. I woke up with my cold gone.
When we used to go to a restaurant, we all were annoyed when someone didn’t turn off their ringer… Now, when we go to a restaurant, we sit down, order a drink, log into Foursquare, share a picture on Facebook where we tag the people we are with, we Tweet where we are so everyone else will know it too, we play a new word on Wordfeud while the person you’re playing against/with is sitting right next to you… And by the time the drinks arrive, the smart phones are put in pockets until they vibrate to alert you that someone noticed and reacted to your Foursquare check-in, Facebook picture, Tweet or they played the word “social” for 76 points on Wordfeud… Of course you have to reply… It would not be nice of you if you didn’t reply… This all while still at the restaurant, enjoying a nice meal and some quality time with friends… The ones on-line that is…
When I told him I loved my flower and thanked him, he told me "That's because I love you, Mommy."
I got to stay in the portion of the resort that is connected to the indoor waterpark! The picture above is of the beds, couch and balcony of the room. I love how the room decor goes along with the wilderness theme. The wood of the beds and table are sort of rough around the edges (not rough to touch). The beds are actually pretty comfy! The couch in the background is really nice, too! It is comfortable and roomy!
As Don Maass noted not too long ago:
It's quite a while later when I feel her hand squeeze me and the bag is lifted out. Nice place: red carpet, pretty ladies all dressed up, cameras flashing everywhere. Very exciting. And then I see her. Kim Kardashian. You might wonder how I know who Kim Kardashian is, but I live in America. Everyone knows Kim Kardashian, even if you don't have any reason to.
Walk your own path, but this time swagger.
The incapability, the lack of knowledge, the lack of skills, the lack of direction, the lack of foresight.
I hope you are enjoying the beauty of the Christmas Season. :)
Hmmmm, I had to stop and think about that one. His definition of "drunk" and my definition of "drunk" are probably quite different. Besides, I have been training for a long time, and it takes me quite a while to get to a condition where I would consider myself drunk.
� IT Department Professional Services
I had talked several times with a close friend "A" over the 13 months about the situation and she was great to cheer me up when I was down or just listen when I needed someone to talk to. During Feb. 2011, we had one of our talks. I expressed to her my huge concern that I would be HORRIBLE as a stay at home mom. My kids are used to going every day to school, a strict learning schedule while at school, crafts, entertainment, interaction with other kids, routine, etc. I was trying to figure out how in the world I was going to keep my kids happy, keep them learning, etc. I had lots of doubts and fears and nightmares about this....LOTS. "A" was great and listened to me whine about my situation. After I finished, "A" said (and I will semi quote her)....You know that God has great plans for you. I am sure as soon as you come to terms with being an official stay at home mom, God is going to do something. He just wants to know you trust Him...have faith in Him...and are letting Him be in control. I left there knowing she was 100% right, so I started making a list of things to do with the kids....park visits, story time at the library, pool days, zoo days, etc. I was making our little schedule that would take place when the kids were pulled out of school. I was beginning to get excited about all the things I had on our list.
Should you have any further queries or comments regarding this matter, please feel free to contact me directly via reply email, or by calling me on 9619 3311.
If you would like to submit your work to this publication, please e-mail a photograph, the name or title of your piece, and contact information to: beadsubmit@northridgepublishing.com.
Aero Rake
It's 2044 and the world is a mess. The environment has deteriorated, unemployment and poverty are the norm. People spend more and more time at their computers, living another life in a fantastic virtual world called the Oasis created by recently deceased James Halliday. Left with no heirs, Halliday stipulates in his will that the person who finds the three keys hidden in the Oasis and opens the connecting gates will inherit his vast fortune. Years pass and no keys have been found though millions immerse themselves in Halliday's favorite 1980s films, music and video games hoping these hold the clues to the keys' locations. Wade Watts is a teenager who lives in trailer that's literally stacked on top of other mobile homes. Overweight and acne-ridden, he goes to school in the Oasis and spends ninety percent of his life as his avatar Parzival. We find out in the first few pages of the book that Wade is the first to find a key and unlock the first gate. This discovery unleashes a wave of other treasure hunters, some of whom will stop at nothing to win the ultimate prize.
Già la copertina la dice lunga, con quell'attitudine quasi alla Cure.
As I searched the Sunday paper each week and read through the business and classified sections, I kept noticing half-to-full-page ads from Nokia Mobile Phones looking for engineers, designers, and IT people at their San Diego facility. They were expanding very quickly. It was great that there were lots of opportunities but it didn’t do me much good because I was not an engineer nor a designer and I had little IT experience at that point.
Check out this publisher at www.kidscanpress.com,
light melts the reference points.
Despite a lack of evidence backing up his claims, as well as some concerns about ethics in regard to his published articles, Duesberg’s views have affected international AIDS policy, especially in South Africa. It is thought that the government’s refusal to provide anti-viral medications to AIDS patients, believing with Duesberg that their condition was not caused by a virus, led to hundreds of thousands of preventable deaths.
You do not have the right to go up to the three monkeys and with your own hands cover up their mouths and eyes and ears.
Yield: 1 serving (can be adjusted for more)
Roasted Garlic Soup
10. Slip stitch to center of chain 7, chain 1, single crochet in loop, *chain 5, single crochet in next loop*, repeat around, join to first single crochet.
It was a busy busy weekend. I am dying I am so tired. I must collapse and try to catch up on some ZZzzzzzz.
(We have never talked about "leaving things" and I have no idea how he grasps the whole concept. And I never got a word in, I just thought the whole thing was rather funny!)
Tarouba residents protesting about the deplorable conditions of the houses they have been put in…and is years they writing and complaining….Not one word from this government!
1 importance
But you were rescued. You were taken from that side and brought to the side you fight for now. But because of his great love for us, God, who is rich in mercy,made us alive with Christ even when we were dead in transgressions—it is by grace you have been saved. (Ephesians 2:4-5) Jesus chose to rescue you. He was a great warrior that broke into the valley of the shadow of death and rescued you from spiritual death. He brought you life. He trained you in the use of his weaponry.
The bidding starts today and will run until 8pm on the 2nd of December.
What saddens me a lot nowadays is how I read the newspaper every morning, and the news is always bad.
3, In a bowl or jug beat together the egg whites, skimmed milk, honey and vanilla extract until well combined.
Today at his Huffington Post blog, Shapiro responds to Barham's challenge to distinguish his view from vitalism of one kind or another.
I don't enjoy sharing my food.
Becker becomes the eyes and ears of the CIA on the ground, patrolling the city on his dolly and watching a CIA safehouse, while monitoring GZ: Ground Zero, a probable home to UBL.
And I have been praying about a few things and God is helping me to keep on praying even though there haven't been any answers either way yet. I am reminded of Isaiah 40:31. So it keeps me perservering in my prayer life.
there I had so much fun
Aimee Bender is the author of four books: The Girl in the Flammable Skirt (1998) which was a NY Times Notable Book, An Invisible Sign of My Own (2000) which was an L.A. Times pick of the year, Willful Creatures (2005) which was nominated by The Believer as one of the best books of the year, and The Particular Sadness of Lemon Cake (2010) which recently won the SCIBA award for best fiction, and an Alex Award. She lives in Los Angeles, where she teaches creative writing at USC.
style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;goog&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;verymerryvintagestyle&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;/span&amp;gt;.&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;goog&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;blogspot&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;/span&amp;gt;.com/search/label/Share%20the%20Love%20Wednesday%20Link%20Party"&amp;gt;&amp;amp;&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;goog&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;/span&amp;gt;;&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;goog&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;img&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;/span&amp;gt; border="0" &amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;goog&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;src&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;"
January 28-30 Clip No. 2005
The upper left plant wasn't completely dug out, but certainly had been trampled and chewed on. I'm suspecting it's the kitten from the apartment across the way. The man who isn't supposed to be there (that's another story), has been letting the kitten out the past few days. I've saw this kitten run through my planter a few times. Duane says, it's all circumstantial evidence. I've had plants since January and never a problem until now. While I was fixing my plants and watering them, that guy tossed a ball out the door to make the kitten go outside. I asked him if that kitten had been in my planter. He ignored me.
Easter is approaching! My first thought is yay….hot cross buns!! Until I remember I’m deathly opposed to the sultana, my arch-enemy. I love a hot cross bun, all that soft, pillowy, spicy goodness laden with butter. But then I’ll bite into a sultana and feel my sunny world come crashing down. Why dried fruit? Whyyyy?
In both the case of too little catecholamine activity and too much, the effect on the PFC is to put it in a state of distraction, disorganization, forgetfulness, and lack of inhibition, while the perfect amount of catecholamine release enables the person to be focused, organized and responsible. In other words (I find this fascinating) too little engagement and too much stress both take us to the same ineffective place. In order to be at our best, we need to be in balance.
Obama: Tell me, what's on the list for the name of my first appointment?
Summation: Easy walk from courthouse, though hard to find if you don't know it's there - not visible at Grand Ave street level from courthouse. Luckily I had a friend who works closeby act as tour guide! Walk past the orange/green MOCA building, then go down the stairs to see the food court. Outdoor plaza seating with water fountains offers pleasant, relaxing space for lunch. I've had the sesame-soy marinated fish taco trio (decent) from Skew; and a Vegan Singaporean Dosa Wrap ($8.75) and Leek & Potato Soup sample from Mendocino Farms, which were great and fresh tasting - my only notes for the wrap is to serve it at a hotter temperature, and skip the red onions (that stayed with me all day)!! There's also a post office and a gym here, in case you need to take care of business at lunch.
I’ve been pretty gobsmacked at this response. 1 in every 4 women has been abused. 90% of perpetrators are known to their victim. What does that tell you? That your child is at high risk and it could well be someone you know. Now, do you choose ‘protecting their innocence’ or protecting your child?
Wheat Tortillas (makes twelve 12-14" tortillas)
Happy crafting and thanks for coming by ☺
More than 293,000 Somali refugees fled conflict and famine into the neighbouring countries of Kenya, Ethiopia, Djibouti and Yemen since January last year.
the biggest penis she had ever laid her hands on. I said “You’re pulling my leg.”
What does all that title mean? Read on!
1/15/2012: We were out shopping and I became crabby at the wife and acted like a spoiled brat. The spanking was not a real blistering, it did make a point, though. Whenever she would take a break to scold me I found myself laughing: not at her, maybe I was jusy happy to be over her knee. Maybe she should have blistered the smile right off of my face, I don't know. When she was done spanking me she told me she was going to spank me everyday this week. "Ouch" is all I have to say.
Oh and while we're at it, I'm slowly scanning through the blog and collecting dead links and I'm half way there. Once I scan everything for dead links I'll upload everything that's dead (if I still have it on my hard drives).
vault upon their loved one's demise: $10,000 for seven years. After those seven years are up, the deceased's corpse is moved from the vault into the ground. And after twenty years in the ground, the remains are removed entirely. Seems kind of harsh, but still: there are probably very few people whose deaths need more than 27 years of mourning.
Uncle has the connections on many continents, and seems to arrange most of the cases they take on. Petite and unassuming—yeah right—Ava is the muscle, and they’re both the brains of the operation. Ava knows when to look the part of the innocent, when to turn on the sex appeal, and when to crack some bones. She impersonates members of the treasury department and various banks when need be. She uses charm and chloral hydrate in equal amounts to get what she wants: the money that her clients have lost.
Patrick and I have been traveling with our band. We have been to so many places in the last few months that when we finally reunite with Swift Ranger in two weeks, we might be too exhausted to pick up anchor even once.
Interestingly, the vagina is chemically hostile to sperm. The mix of fluids comprising male orgasmic fireworks is mostly a tank battalion designed to storm the castle of the lady's gooey defences. The only difference between the vasectomized and the unvasectomized man is the potential pregnancy. Everything else is exactly the same, including, I am reliably informed, the taste.
Spirit of Life, we cry out in solidarity with our family, known and unknown to us, walking this earth in fear and loneliness and doubt. Let our love be known to them. Let our open hearts shine for them. Give us the strength and courage to shine brighter and more visibly than those who spew hate. Let us strew love before them.
We got our very first snow of the winter on January 1--a whopping 4" . Six days later, it was up in the 40's.
The ICD, a body tasked by the government to investigate police conduct, was called in to investigate the intimidation docket after North West police sergeant Julian Mabelane accused the national commissioner of having threatened him.
Each year I forget about this event, but each year I’m thoroughly impressed by the large procession of musicians, dancers and people on stilts winding their way past my apartment. The whole cast and crew will set off from the Place Gambetta at around 2pm, and end up at the Hotel de Ville at roughly 7pm, passing by Belleville and the Place de la Republique. This year the event coincides with the Chinese New Year meaning that the procession will swell in size, firstly at Belleville when it picks up one Chinese group, then again at the Hotel de Ville with a second additional group.
Let only that the trees
“All over the country, concerned Americans are raising their voices. And you have the opportunity to join them. And it’s very exciting that the Montgomery County Civil Rights Coalition has raised that flag.”
water.In other words, he is longing for intimacy with God because his soul needs
Colombia Reports published an interesting article in September last year noting: “There are 70,000 farms that grow panela in Colombia and 20,000 sugar mills that produce panela. The industry employs 12% of the economically active rural population making it the second employer after coffee. In total, 90,000 Colombians earn a living with panela.”
Responding to a line of questioning as to why the Vatican and U.S. nuns’ differ in their approach to issues, including lesbian and gay issues, Sister Campbell stated:
I shall keep you updated.
2) I've decided that the first thing to do after I'm married is to travel the whole world! No going back on this whatsoever.
MEALS - - - - - - -
That's interesting not only for their intended market but also because it has been suggested that these two lenses (or perhaps a slight variation) are to be adopted on the forthcoming (and hugely anticipated) 46MP DP1 and DP2 Merrill compacts. However, a spokesperson for Sigma told the DJP that the company was still some time off having working cameras (prototypes), so we're unlikely to see an announcement confirming the price or availability anytime soon.
Count Basie feat. Billie Holiday--I'll Always be in Love with You
to try something new.....!
I remember Susie and Sally, the twins that lived across the street, across the open field. They were blond and so pretty.
I’d like to finish by saying that the awakening will be just like in the video below, but I can’t. On the other hand, what YOU do with your free mind is entirely up to you. All semblance to reality is just one fat coincidence, so… be free.
so I added ‘tropical hardwood’… mmmmm!
The pickle jar as far back as I can remember sat on
Life has been given to us; yes to work and invest in, but also to enjoy! How much are we truly able to enjoy when we keep ourselves so busy, so stressed? Relax!
As for claims that you are a tiprat, I say embrace them. A tiprat is one of nature’s great entrepreneurs, unafraid to get their paws dirty and, contrary to popular belief actually very clean animals (putting aside the Bubonic Plague). You are a tiprat, good sir. Ben Polis the Tiprat – wear that epithet as a badge of honour.
Mr Sheridan asked Mr Coulson if the “News of the World employed people who broke the law.” The witness replied that “we did not seek to but it is obvious we did with Clive Goodman” but denied he had employed “convicted criminals.”
Start: Rye Station TQ918205
Sometimes, it really hurts.
Earlier this year, Homeland Security told landowners that it planned to close the gaps with 15-feet-wide gates that would have keypads on them. Each landowner would get a personal code to open the gate, and the government would be in charge of who else might be allowed to use each code.
- Ongoing and regular reviews of their investment portfolio
At first it was a simple matter of wondering what I was doing here. And actually I think the exact sentiment resonating rather loudly in my being was “WHAT THE FUCK AM I DOING HERE?” The bone of contention with my questions was always the nature of consciousness. By then of course I’d already become well acquainted with the Tao Te Ching of Lao Tzu, and for that matter a smattering of Gurdjieff; I think I’d made it a couple hundred pages or so into BTTHGS. So, if I was made with a cognizance of pain and death, I figured I should know if there was a point to being alive. And the answer I came to finally after a good four years or so of study was that I was here transmuting energy. And if anyone reading this has seen the first Matrix movie, Whoa.
Reporters in Sibu have been quite gaga over Alice, 29, and had asked her opponent and incumbent Datuk Seri Wong Soon Koh, 69, how he felt about having to take on a sweet young thing.
Still in the middle of writing my Kita report which I will post soon
From the moment that we become aware of this opposite sex we start trying to analyze it, make sense of it, avoid the behaviors that don’t only to brush those off as stupid, sophomoric, useless behaviors; and while sometimes it is just plain fact, their behavior can be useless, and sophomoric, it can also be argued that what is often dismissed by us may be the very thing that we need to understand at an even deeper level, and could quite possibly be the catalyst that will help bring us to fully connecting with this other person.
How do you put on a united front, do things together, and accept the decision of the spouse when you don't believe in it?
Like yellow and purple loosestrife, it is known as a deterrent to vermin and insects when burned. In common folklore, it symbolizes peace.
Jack is exploring in Noah's room, it is always exciting to see new toys. He LOVES his train table!
Finally we have the Rimmel Lasting Finish Kate Lipstick in 04, the vampiest lipstick I own. This is a lovely deep blackened red-toned purple, and I enjoy playing up its undertones with different lipliners. Wear a purple lipliner or lipstain, it appears more purple. Wear a reddish or berry lipstain/lipliner, it appears more berry-toned. It can also look near black if you apply several layers, and the texture is thin but creamy. This is the deepest lipstick I've seen in the drugstore in these parts, and I have to applaud Rimmel for taking a risk with this shade!
12. Sergio Mendes and Brasil '66 - Crystal Illusions
What better way to motivate your students than to hold a READING RAFFLE???? I recently used my Scholastic bonus points towards over 50 free books- some for our leveled classroom library and some for the Reading Raffle. (If you don’t have any bonus points, try asking your students’ parents for donations!) I first decorated one of our tables with a shamrock theme and displayed some of the books that I ordered with my bonus points. I made sure to gather books of various reading levels and genres so that all my students would find books that they would be interested in winning.
- Processed foods;
Nehemiah was the cupbearer to King Artaxerxes in Babylon. Jerusalem’s walls had been destroyed and word had come to Nehemiah that the remnant of his people left in Jerusalem were distressed over the plight of the wall.
Armin provided Bernd with 20 over the counter pain killers and took him to a room to be restrained in a device that Armin had built earlier. Once Bernd was held in place; Armin attempted to bite off Bernd’s penis but was unable to completely sever it; instead finishing the job with a knife. Once detached, Armin ate part of the raw penis but claimed that it was “too chewy” before taking it to the kitchen to fry it with salt, pepper and garlic.
"I will table the motion in the Dewan Negara tomorrow," he told reporters at the Parliament lobby today.
Prokophy is Destiny
New social structures and tribal connections spring up across America, as the previous social structures begin to dissolve. Soft Apocalypse follows the journey across the South East of a tribe of formerly middle class Americans as they struggle to find a place for themselves and their children in a new, dangerous world that still carries the ghostly echoes of their previous lives.
I cook myself some eggs,
Or perhaps you are an employer or franchise that is looking for mums to join your organisation?
Adjusting to small-town life is difficult for thekids, especially fifteen-year-old Grace who is coping in a dangerous way.
* Keoki flyer out of date and courtesy of Club Party Monster
Cage
He also finally went up a shoe size for the first time in about a year. Here he is modeling his new shoes:
------- Bruce does not see Soriano as a part-time player. He will either be playing LF for the Cubs or being a DH for an American League team or being outright released.
Mars is dark red
For hope is there to make you win.
There’s something about Obama that makes the media want to define him, and that tells me he hasn’t done a good enough job of defining himself, which is weird, considering he’s written two autobiographies. I find it very strange.
The gaming industry is happy with the status quo, as they produce their 55th Madden American Football game, and the same, blatantly, soul crushing FPS, with just slightly better graphics (now your gun looks more realistic!).
So now, back to business.
So here's an image of my Half-Marathon route: Ran from house to Fullerton Road twice and then the little loop to Colima and back to the house!
I feel bad that it's taking me so long to get this one done, but I feel good about how it's turning out. What do you think?
--Was at the grocery store, minding my own business, when I hear from the cart in front of me, "But I want it!!!! WWWWWWAAAAAAAAHHHHHNNNNN." Seriously, this child actually said, "wahn." She must've been about 5-6 years old, throwing a temper tantrum like a two year old. I gave her a dirty look, she looked right back at me, completely dry eyes, and continued her tirade with mom, who caved within 30 seconds. Seriously. All this child had to do was whine a bit. I told her mom, "that's what you're teaching her." And then I asked, "she always wins, doesn't she?" She said, "yeah, she always wins..."
Paul Murray is an Irish novelist. He studied English Literature at Trinity College, Dublin, and has a Masters degree in creative writing from the UEA. His first novel, an Evening of Long Goodbyes was shortlisted for the Whitbread Prize in 2003 and nominated for the Kerry irish Fiction Award. Following his recently published and critically acclaimed, Skippy Dies, he was recently named by the Daily Telegraph as one of the best British novelists under 40 (even though, as the Private Eye pointed out, he is actually Irish!).
New York Times contributor Kate Stone Lombardi makes the fascinating point that of all the possible parent-child relationships (e.g., father-son, father-daughter, mother-daughter), the most circumspect and maligned is that of the mother and son. This was an illuminating beginning to this book.
In conducting Google searches, one finds discussion, such as this example, of using sulphur dioxide as a jet fuel additive to be dispersed over the world during routine commercial flights.
MB: The male singers with whom you are working on this particular production – Erwin Schrott, Alex Esposito, and Pavol Breslik – are all artists whom I have admired greatly in other productions I have seen of Don Giovanni. How much does it help your own performance to be working with such fine actor-singers, and to interact with them on stage?
I realized that the whole point of this is for them to take their full stomachs back to the colony, share it with the others and ultimately feed some of the poison to the queen, thus efficiently dooming the entire lot of them. Without the queen, no eggs laid, no eggs laid means no more increased population. But my ants were already feeling high from their meal and I stated to see them freeze and die almost immediately. I over dosed them. I needed them mobile enough to lug it back for the others but and at the same time not kill them right away. So back to Google I went to ask: "recipe for sugar ant killing, Boric Acid". Right away I got a 2/1 sugar-water ratio with 2 Tablespoons of Acid per two cups of water. Wow my original recipe was a Tablespoon of Strawberry Jam to a teaspoon of Acid. Uh yeah, mine was too strong *roll eyes*
LONDON SE1 2AA
The thing about eBaying is that results can be mixed. Even if you know you like something and you're feeling triumphant because you've pwned the other bidders, sometimes you don't like the thing that much when it arrives. This is the case with the Medallion tote pictured above. It's nice; it's in great shape; the seller was extremely professional. But I haven't carried it yet.
‘Home Front’ by Kristin Hannah was a good read and it moved me to tears at many parts in the story. It was a beautiful story of two female friends who lived as neighbors, both serving in the military and how different their families regarded them. Reading up-close about the transitions in the personality of people from deployment was difficult to digest, and I would hate a country that would put me in such a position betraying my own family and for leaving me with nightmares about a lost-cause fight in a foreign country. Why should my country be the savior of all the people destitute across the world! Anyway it is not my fight or my country in question, so I cant wager this war. And I guess I am being very vocal about some of my strong feelings in this post, so I better collect myself before I go out of control.
Near
A pitch is one sentence. How can you really tell someone about the plot in so few words? But see, a pitch isn't meant to tell the whole plot. That's what a synopsis is for. A pitch is meant to capture someone's interest. Make them want to read your book.
Ahhhh.....til next year....in the meantime I will keep yelling for revolution.
By asserting he is Muslim, the journalist immediately got the crowd on his side but this tactic also signals an implicit demarcation of ‘us’ and ‘them’. By virtue of being Muslim, he is an insider; through grating Malay onlookers with her pretentious English inflection, the woman is perceived as alien and thus perpetuating the ‘pendatang’ name-calling.
Anyone who has read my blog probably realizes that I love music. Today I thought I would share the top ten song lyrics that I feel describe me the most. Even if the whole song doesn't quite respresent me, if one or two lines mean enough, I will count it as one of my songs. Here we go!
Though the story is rather interesting, it’s a very flawed movie bombarded with some very unrealistic moments. It’s unintentionally funny; but unlike Segunda Mano, it was amusing rather than disgusting. Pimchanok Lerwisetpibol and Mario Maurer both are alluring, and are probably the only cast members who kept the movie from falling apart, because aside from them everyone else acted ridiculously. The ending also looked rushed. In general, A Little Thing Called Love is a unique, yet average romantic movie.
“The child is both a hope and a promise for mankind.”
While she was waiting for Saint Peter to greet her, she peeked through the
Likewise the use of maternal imagery in the writings of Hildegard and Hadewijch, as recorded by F. Gerald Downing, does not bother me for similar reasons. These women are not pushing an agenda, trying to force out the man in favor of the woman, or trying to emasculate men or make God a woman. They are simply recording their own experiences of personal encounters with Jesus, using the kind of language and imagery that is both appropriate to their own life experience and to the way in which Jesus chose to reveal himself to them.
The story of the early followers of Christ, the Book of Acts, is full of burning words. Peter spoke and 3,000 people turned to the Lord and began to live transformed lives. Everywhere Paul went and spoke his burning words sparked either a revival or a riot. Even their enemies said that the early believers “turned the world upside down.” Before they became known as Christians, they were called “witnesses.”
I love how good God has been to my family; as of late we have a great deal to be thankful for, getting a new family member is a big deal and we are all excited. But there are times when I feel overwhelmed, like I have mentioned before. There are days when I worry about things I cannot control — and being a control freak — that is a problem! I am a worrier by nature. I can remember a time in my young childhood where I didn’t eat for about three or four days because I was just worried. I can’t remember what about. They would probably call that generalized anxiety if I went to see a professional about it today. Anyway, I pulled myself (or God did) out of that one and moved on to more worry nearly everyday after that. It is just what I do. The whatever of that is twofold for me tonight. You can’t just say you believe that God will get you through stuff and then still worry about it, AND what are you showing those who are watching you. It is a big deal put your faith where your Father is and it is a big deal to give a good example.
Position the rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350F.
When Pinot became the “it” grape (should I blame Sideways?), people started planting it anywhere and everywhere, even in areas that were so hot they would make your Pinot taste like Syrah. Now, are the wines from those grapes typical of the climate? Sure. But does that mean they are wines of terroir? I don’t think so. The idea of terroir takes into account planting the right variety in the right place in order to highlight the typical characteristics of the grape. Just because you can grow Pinot in a warm spot to pump up the volume doesn’t mean that you’ve all of a sudden created a wine of terroir.
Does anyone care about these words? Are we really going to use them, ever again?
Thanks for having me!
According to the dates you are giving me the agent has had the material, which I assume is a full manuscript, for 6-8 weeks. At this point you're probably on the early edge of hearing back on a full submission, even if the material was requested. My suggestion is give it about 10 weeks or so (while some agents are really fast, it's not uncommon for agents to take an average of three months to respond to full submissions), and then I would send an email to check the status.
Lay out your tiles in the design that is appealing to you (on the table next to you). On a flat base you simply need a "good" white glue or adhesive. Craft stores sell a produce called Weld Bond, but I use a strong white adhesive from the big box home stores, because it is much less expensive and works as well if not better. If you plan to mosaic a vertical base I suggest using a thicker adhesive such as silicon.
So the next things is to designate logical zones for where these activities are carried out and what equipment is needed. Already I can imagine myself sitting in the various nooks and crannies around the place enjoying these fun activities.
It's been a DREAM come true!
Roughly 75 of us showed up at the food bank last night, some with children in tow, so maybe there were 85 of us squeezed into a room big enough for 40, at most. We ranged in age from an infant only a few months old to an old woman in her 80s. A few of the people were migrant workers, very few. Most of us were Caucasian. Most of us were unemployed, or underemployed. A few of us smelled like we had just crawled out of a vat of cheap whiskey. (The rest of us tried not to notice, or we stepped outside to escape the odors – and the noise.) No matter our differences, we all were there because we needed food, because we couldn’t supply that for ourselves, because we all were hungry.
Overall, this cake definitely will take some tweaking from me to get it right! But it’s definitely a keeper and I’m thrilled that I had a opportunity to make it. And this praise is coming from someone who was not thrilled at having to make buttercream, so you know this sh_t is the tight!!!
began to weep uncontrollably when he came to the garden. In that place, he
At the present moment, it’s very possible that what works online may work just fine offline as well. However, the two environ­ments, while they do track closely on many fronts, are not identical.
Paul and his family flew out to Australia this morning.
The lovely background is called 1932. I have sprayed the lower parts of it with Glimmer Mist Tattered Leather.
I read another friends blog in the last couple of days too, and that also got me to thinking about the months ahead. In Heather's post, she was showing an average day in her California neighborhood, with her family hanging outside and everybody sort of doing their own thing, visiting and playing. Zoey was outside too, and being a 'part of it', but she was also NOT a part of it, and Heather had some things she was wrestling with over that.
between the cypresses glimmers more greenish than
steeling and freezing my heart so that
I would like to hear what Camra Chair Colin Valentine has to say by way of justification. He was very quick to criticise the 'bloggerati' at the Camra AGM. Will he be as quick to explain, to Camra members like myself, why the organisation has decided to pull the plug on BrewDog?
For Mayo schezwan dip
And with typical 3AM clarity, it came to me - I have to take ALL the fringe of the necklace, and start over. All the fringe - not just the last round. And it has to be done carefully, so as not to cut or damage the underlying sterling silver crochet structure. And then, all those seed beads will have to be sorted, so I can start fringing again. Sigh. That's a LOT of seed beads.
You label this class as “journalism”. I repudiate your labels, as we have not been asked to keep any journal whatsoever. (I’m not suggesting it; I’m just making an observation.) I heap derision and disgust on your provincial concepts of “objectivity” and “facts.” I do this by putting certain words in “quotes,” as is the literary fashion. Fashion, though, is of little concern to me and my generation, as the afore-noted reference to the dress code infers.
06. Belsen Was A Gas
Pre-order one of the following pie selections:
Bluebird took it upon herself to become her sisters' biology teacher.
The proposals – part of the Africa-EU Partnership signed in Portugal last December – also warns of the negative effects of mass immigration and calls for “better integration of African migrants”.
The hosting of international events is expected to generate revenue of RM900mil in 2012.
“Of course I know how to do this! It’s a piece of cake!”
20. painting
“Most of the afternoon.”
And while Jack encouraging other members of the People’s Panchayat to speak out, Assworth…sorry, Ashworth Jack telling them to hush.
Kids then simulated the real world experience by picking up cars and street signs to become the street. Kids practiced approaching the street, looking left, right, and left again and crossing in the middle of the crosswalk. The kids were thrilled as pedestrians to careful follow all of their instructions. Cars raced around the street but halted as soon as they saw the pedestrians. I look forward to seeing the kids around Takoma Park safely navigate their neighborhood. In the meantime, I will continue to sing “walk in the middle of the crosswalk” (clap, clap) when I cross the street.
A couple of years ago, as I was checking out at one of my favorite thrift stores, there was a box filled with music CD's. There are no sleeve covering, so I guess that is why they were giving them away. When I looked through the box, it was mostly older tunes. I could take up to 10 CD's, so I picked out some that I thought I might be familiar with.
the prompter is absent he can barely think or speak at all. Not one
If someone has a specific show that they would like to watch, they should try checking the website of the network that airs the show. Many network websites offer free streaming of full episodes so that everyone can see their favorite programs. The episodes are usually available online in their entirety just one day after they come on television for the general public.
Mess Around by The Manxx
I have a new lady in my life. She’s 7lbs 14oz, with dark hair and beautiful skin. She is peaceful and smells divine. Her name is Nora Ann and I love her.
does it seem to me that any misery befell the Jews that was more terrible than
For these bags I used the Preserves cartridge for the apples and the Doodlecharms cartridge for the lady bugs.
Next thing I know, he is pointing straight down at my head saying, "This is a Type A Personality" and being extremely rude about it. I felt about 2 inches tall and completely embarrassed.
Leggings - derno
Joe: Yes, where did you get my name and number?
I probably won't bother with the final movie. The ending of the TV series, as incomplete as it was, was at least some sort of ending. Bah.
And that money-printing is merely a reckless reaction to the worst combination of economic disasters and political threats since the Great Depression.
I’m personally not the biggest french toast fan because just like pancakes, I find them a little bit repugnant after a while. So while my hubby had like 5 of them ( he doesn’t share my repugnancy problem), I had one….AND some bacon I decided to make on the side!
there is a designated outdoor smoking area shall ensure that, in the designated outdoor smoking area-
Happy Friday! Blogger wasn't working yesterday, and I was getting super antsy because I couldn't wait to tell you about our newest giveaway! The kind people over at Perricone MD are offering a $150 shopping spree to one lucky Helen Hearts reader. Since I work so closely with the beauty industry, I'm especially excited to partner with a company that delivers some of the best skin care products for women.
I love words, I love the English language, a point I’ve made previously. I delight in good prose and good verse, in the rise and fall of sounds, in brilliant, perceptive images. There are few people who can really command language now, and none at all in public life. Politicians are particularly guilty here, reaching for stale phrases and pre-fabricated expressions, fatuous garbage like ‘British jobs for British workers.’
We can at least, I hope, agree that Fizzy Lathbury has a fantastic name well suited to a future rock star.
I think it's rare that such things end up being positive. These shows are usually edited to make people look as awful as possible. Or maybe I shouldn't be harsh. They might not turn me into something awful; but I imagine they'd edit me into something I'd at least no longer even recognize.
There are also inconstancies in some of these business records and some surprising names for shareholders in multi-million ringgit companies that have close connections to the Masings.
Welcome to New Braunfels. Welcome to the Comal River, and welcome to my childhood.
Beta Brainwave State (13-40 Hz)
Q042) Recently, what are moments where you’ve thought “I AM THE BEST”?
These are super easy badges to celebrate Special occasions in our lives! The Wedding set includes a badge for both Bride & Groom...great for bridal showers & bachelor parties. Give Mom a Mother's Day badge & Dad a Father's day badge to show your love. The Happy Birthday badge tells everyone who's special day it is! All kids want a special award badge..it gives them great pride. Badges can be made in small & large size.
of the unstable banquet within
There will be plenty of chaos as the lack of communication and the unconscious commitments come to the surface in political dealings. There is so much that is out of balance in this area that it will take a great deal of time to find another footing that is in more integrity with the planetary changes. Telling the truth is a big one and we cannot expect this to happen overnight. Be assured that certain things have been set into motion and there is no way to go but forward. Be patient and accepting and in neutrality and non-resistance to what you see and hear on the political arena. Remember that the point of power is being able to consciously choose what is already happening. From that place you can set intentions for better things.
Increasingly though, I’m starting to realise just what this means. For the last 9 months, I’ve known that it has been mostly over, but there has always been that cloud of uncertainty. I haven’t been aware of it all the time, but even at a subtle level I can now appreciate how this uncertainty has influenced my decision-making, or lack of, especially regarding career matters. Until now there was always that possibility that I might have more work to do, more work that could interfere with whatever else is happening. But, no. It’s done. It’s finished. Knowing this, once again I can look to the future free to commit all my resources.
I don’t think it’s just the strange feeling of guilt that comes over me on days where I don’t do any writing. I’m sure it’s not just that feeling of having an itch that hasn’t been scratched – that compulsion to write – and it can’t just be the knowledge that I have a deadline getting ridiculously close without having made any significant progress with the text (I’m sure that will all come together in time – even though time is quickly running out).
With friends ‘lost in the move’ so often, I invented my own companions, having long conversations with them under the stairs, in the bathroom, behind the chicken shed, anywhere I could get away from adults’ flapping ears. Our squabbles and adventures were my first stories, told to my dog Sebastian who sat on the floor beside me, enthralled by every word.
I was given a calender with daily quotes for my desk at work. Most days I forget about the calendar propped up in the corner of the table. I usually have to tear off several pages to get to the current date. The following quote caught my eye:
And I want to go back
I'm leaving out a lot of the details, because there is enough out there, and Donna's post highlights many of them already.
Hello, again!! Well.. our grey, rainy weather was replaced with snow!! Yep... woke up this morning to a nice little dusting of snow on the ground! Thank goodness it didn't stick on the roads and it was mostly gone by mid-afternoon! Another good day to stay inside and make a card... so I did!!
I like the fact there was so much available, not just in his writing but in the writing of contemporaries, and particular descriptions of him – what his voice sounded like, how he spoke, how he was generous with his ideas, his sense of humour was very wry. He was a very witty kind of person.
I've never considered the fact that you live inside of that place. I've been so busy pondering my own life and have failed to even think about yours. Me, the thinker. What in the world?! What's the point of thinking if it's only about ourselves?
*EDIT* Been told that Joe Danger isn’t confirmed for XBox 360 – so we’ll have to see what platforms are confirmed.
Often these hostages were pilgrims on the way to the Holy Land. As well as people who lived on the coast of the Mediterranean or traded there.
Joomla development services are the talk of the day. It has many features that overall provide ease-of-use and extensibility to user. Anywhere, anyone can make use of Joomla open source solutions. Joomla is used all over the world to make powerful websites with innovative solutions. You can easily infuse your designing ideas here and provide a “good site” to the visitors and the search engines as well. Joomla has thousands of extensions and is highly extensible, which are available in Joomla extensions directory. Hence, for getting an exclusive site designed and developed you can make use of Joomla Web Development Services offered by the web development and designing company. They have team of designers who can make the effective utilization of tools available on Joomla. They make professional and aesthetic custom web design that in nutshell represents your organization.
(BTW, the strawberries are to die for and very abundant.)
Today I'm excited to bring to you our May Style Talk Interview with West Elm's Senior Vice President and Creative Director Alex Bates! Alex is here to share the company's philosophy and news about a designer collaboration you are going to love.
My grandmother taught me to crochet in grade school. I spent the first week in the summertime making a LONG chain and single or dc all the way back. We spent the day out on a long dock fishing and I crocheted the length of the dock and back.
Maximus: They're YUCKY! Tutu tutu tutu tutu tutu tutu. And BOOTS! Boots boots boots boots boots boots.
And these are really sweet. The top two bracelets are from the American store Anthropologie and the bottom photo is from a blog called Crochet Cloud and the instructions are here. Huge price difference isn’t there.
**I spent Christmas Eve in a BYOB bar. Pictures will be included.
From mid-1939 onwards the British government urged women to join up for the coming conflict, in outfits such as the Auxiliary Territorial Service (ATS), the female add-on for the British Army. Despite the fact that ATS personnel got half the pay of their male counterparts – not because they were seen as non-combatant; women formed part of anti-aircraft gun crews, for example – many did so. For some young women around the age of 20, it was an opportunity to get out of unhappy family situations, have a proper job, do something useful, or develop some self-respect for the first time. No doubt there was a mix of motivations in each case.
That is something that I struggle with at home as well. No one else in my house is trying to lose weight. It's just me. I have to contend with folks bringing home pizza or McDonald's fairly often. Of course I get asked if I want some. I can either give in and eat what the rest of the family's having, or I can step back and make a healthier choice. I did that tonight and am proud of that small accomplishment. My husband had to work tonight and he and my daughter both had chicken nuggets from McDonald's. He asked me if I was going to pick up something for myself. I told him, "No, I'll fix something at the house." And that's what I did. I ended up with a butternut squash ravioli and stayed within my calorie range for the day. That's one more step toward meeting my goal!
Nov 10 New York, NY — Beacon Theatre
As interesting as the politics of Clare's life as a writer are it isn't the official Truth and Reconciliation committee that really drives her sections but the portrait of a mother desperate for forgiveness and absolution from her daughter, her wish to 'prostrate herself in the name of reconciliation and love.'
Farmers also are unjustly and without any kind of proof, arrested and accused of crimes: one statement by (suspended) ANC youth leader Julius Malema was: ‘Shoot the Boers, they are all rapists’. The ANC is also constantly claiming that ‘the whites own 80% of all the land – when in fact the private-farmland ownership only was 33% ten years ago in 2001 – and has been rapidly dropping ever since. Meanwhile the extent of the farm murders indicates that this is a genocide: with the Transvaal Agricultural Union verifying 1,554 murders, this statistic is very understated, said Mr Van de Graaf. Thus far in January 2012, a total of 17 Afrikaner people were murdered – of whom at least six on farms.
Here's some advice and consider it well, don't STEP on the people that lay the foundation to you're books; the writers, the artists ... without them you've got nothing. Oh and send me my royalties ... it'll be a great reminder of this whole little red herring! I hope someday, that someone treats you like how you treat others. I look forward in warning others about your lack of ethics where ever I can.
When Romney was asked if he was just trying to shore up his conservative credentials, his response was quick: “You mainstream media guys are all the same. First you start a rumor connecting me with the healthcare plan in Massachusetts, then you accuse me of being pro-choice, when you know I said that just to get a few votes. That has nothing to do with my core beliefs—if you get ill, you’re on your own, and if you have an unwanted pregnancy, send the child to Santorum’s or Bachmann’s house. I’ve got my hands full trying to keep the damn dog off the roof of the car.”
Is it part of timely planning that Rick Geary has focused his latest true historical crime for kids book on the world’s most famous anarchists or just a fortuitous accident?
Start your game up and you should have no problems. This worked for me consistently with Tiger Woods 2011, each and every time I received the unable to connect to EA servers message. If you’re having problems with this solution try leaving your router unplugged a little longer. While I can only test this on the EA titles I own I imagine it works with all of the EA sports titles.
Soon after, I caught my flight back to what felt like a very straight England. I want more engaging talks – where it’s not just words but it’s bringing to life the theme. Talks that leave you speechless.
3. Waiting for the sky to clear – in the climax we see a photographer waiting for the clouds to move to take a photo of a wedding party. It sums up the approach of the film as de Palma orchestrates everything within an inch of its life to try to create a perfectly satisfying whole, just as Bardo the paparazzo tries to create a piece of art from hundreds of real-life stills in his mural (created by the director’s brother, Bart de Palma). Ultimately the whole climax turns on a small slant of reflected sunlight …
First, a little history lesson. It’s 2008, and I’m the resident DJ/KJ of a weekly karaoke session that’s being held in my college’s cafeteria. I’m sitting with a friend of mine before the session starts, and he tells me that he has founded a band with some guys he knows from the same college. He mentions that they are looking for a vocalist, and I couldn’t resist volunteering since it’s in my nature to help my friends when they have a need. I go for the audition in June, and nail it on the first try (after some hesitation trying to find lyrics that fit the music they have been writing). We write some new stuff, we play a couple of live shows (to minimal audiences), and slowly, our cohesion begins to disintegrate. It’s now June of 2009, we’ve kicked out our bass player (the friend I mentioned earlier), and now, it’s my turn to get the ax. So was the end of an unknown band named Brand New Relic.
Women and Student Shorts Wanted Now.
Ok, this is the end of the Angel talk for a while. Sadly it only had 5 seasons instead of the intended 6.
This is consonant with Forest City Ratner's plans for smaller units in the first residential building. While there's clearly a desire for larger subsidized units, the arrangement of market and affordable units must mirror each other, and singles and couples would be more likely to pay the high market-rate rents, valuing location over tranquility.
I've had this for a while but just came across it again and thought it was too cute not to post for everyone else to see. This is my youngest son, Chris, and his family: Kenni and daughters, Marisa and Adriana.
We have lapbooks in various stages. The Cold War one is finished and B is doing two on Mesopotamia and Gods of Sumer. We've started an ecosystem one and one on the earth. We have Alaska on the go as a unit study not lapbook and The Great lakes. All I need now is to shift this illness and we will be well away.
Wow. Thanks for the support. LOL. But she was right. One day this past week I wrote 12K in one sitting, when the most I had ever written was 2K at time. The writing with abandon was freeing.
Dotty ribbon, button & charm: Hobby Heaven
Dizziness/Vertigo – I’ve struggled with this off and on since childhood. Once I started driving, I learned to overcome it since there are tons of overpasses and bridges in my area. However, after working at a job in 2008 that required me to climb (in my mind) the worst catwalk staircase the vertigo made a reappearance. It got worse after my hysterectomy in 2010 but reached an all time high after I couldn’t afford HRT (Hormone Replacement Therapy) anymore. I even had to alter some routes I have to drive on a daily basis to avoid certain overpasses and bridges. It’s starting to feel a little better and I don’t get dizzy when standing up anymore, so hopefully it’ll be gone soon.
Finally, finally, the lights turned to green, signalling that our lane could turn right. Not a big ask. My erratic heart was lulled into hope that something as crazy as actual movement might be on the cards. I was almost hysterical with what betrayed me as misplaced relief. Silly me.
standard “documentary” approach. For these reasons, this
I had no idea if my dad was able to understand me but I had told him when I arrived that I would make sure that his wishes were followed. After I had informed the rest of our family of our decision I had a few moments alone with my dad. And as I explained what was going to happen I started crying. My dad looked at me and his eyes filled with tears. Some part of his brain was upset that I was crying.
Oh aye,
I often like to think that this is our “Lost Weekend” phase and in a year or two we will hook up and pick up right where we left off. This might not be the best way of looking at it but it seems to stop the pain that I feel when I miss being with her.
No state should have the right to see a citizen's private credit card statements and try to prosecute that citizen because they went to another state to purchase anything that did not include their home states sales tax.
Jesus clearly stated that the greatest commandment is to love God, and the second is to love others (Matt. 22:36-40).
Missy D graduated from preschool today!! Only one more child to go through pre-school and I can call that phase DONE!
to showcase the new release stamps.
Crosby explains how weeds from the old world prepared the ground of the new world for European colonisers and were critical to the success of European expansion.
If we all do even a small thing everyday, it matters! Do you take the pledge???
#3. Black (with white striped trim)
Artist are not charged to display their work and can sell the work if they so wish. A percentage of the sales of displayed artwork goes to benefit The Retreat.
Hope you all have a great rest of the week. Thanks for stopping by and happy crafting!
Bobby Jones was selected from the Brewers in the minor league phase of the 1994 Rule 5 draft. After a few years of seasoning in the minors, Jones joined the Colorado staff in late 1997. In his three seasons with the Rockies, Jones had a record of 14-19 with a 5.90 ERA with 188 strikeouts. Following the 2000 season, Jones was traded along with Lariel Gonzalez to the Mets for starter Masato Yoshii.
The Gӧteborg Ballet’s Tuesday evening performance featured works by guest choreographers Ӧrjan Anderson, Kenneth Kvarnstrӧm and Johan Inger, and though the dancing was impeccable, the choreography in each of the works left something to be desired.
3. Quotes. Some of you may have noticed the quotes. I collect them. So expect to see a quote with each post.
BARMAN - I take my hat off to you, Sir. I doff my cap!
Meanwhile, forthcoming shows are constantly being announced. A TV miniseries adaptation of the excellent Robert Harris novel Pompeii has been on the cards for many years, and will hopefully achieve fruition soon.
Tag has a vet appointment today. We're going to meet and go through a number of precautionary bloodwork and exams before we schedule his "nootering" appointment next week. I'm not telling him about it at all. What he doesn't know...
2. Maybe this is obvious, but I was wondering: If an agent's submission guidelines ask for a query and the first ten pages, those ten pages should be double-spaced, right? I don't want to be sending more or less than I'm supposed to! (Maybe I'm alone in this, but I always write with single-spaced lines. It wasn't until I started researching "how to get published" that I realized my idea of ten pages might be very different from someone else's.)
And also catch Ny supporting Plan B on his forthcoming tour:
I already knew about a steak house in Williamsburg with some great old Brooklyn themed movie posters displayed on their exterior for all to enjoy. My idea was to go there and take some pictures for what I thought would be a cool post.
do you
Do not confuse this working woman with the one who gets paid for their attention. While the traditional “working girl” is still out there and the oldest profession may actually be a growing profession in these tough economic times, I’m referring to the generic woman who is employed.
-OK, dad, but I think it is a bad idea that you go to my house on your own.
Iron Stylus: We have time.
It’s also your responsibility to realize that you can’t talk on your phone all day not expect the battery to die.
So there.
This of course is not the case, there is a quality element to it and as I got older, I realised that as long as both parties were satisfied, time didn’t matter. If it only takes two minutes for the both of you, than so be it. Sexual harmony is far more important with regards to intimacy than anything else.
use the picture above to link back to our candy (sidebar is fine)
Then we get our final big twist as Pinhead tries to kill McBaldGuy but fails as McBaldGuy set up a hologram system to blow up the ship with some vague ties to this super-formula that the Merchant family has been working on for years, or some shit like that, while the real McBaldGuy, as well as supermodel agent, leaves in an escape pod. So Pinhead melts, the ship blows to smithereens and that’s literally the end of Pinhead FOREVER. FOR REALS.
Coach: Andy “War” Wall
It doesn’t just stop with Sakai. Makoto becomes a high school pimp as he sleeps with a good part of his class and Sakai’s childhood friend Satsuna Hiyari.
As you know, people who speak out like myself and I pay a steep price for speaking these truths. Apart from legal attempts to silence me, there are also the threats by radical Muslims to kill me. I have been living under permanent police protection for almost eight years now. People like me pay this price for speaking the truth about Islam. But I do not regret one word. I see it as my duty to warn the West.
When Ambrosio was 12 years old, she enrolled in modeling classes, and then began modeling for Dilson Stein at age 15. Winning Brazil’s Elite Model Look started her modeling career in earnest. Her first notable modeling job was the cover of Brazilian Elle magazine. Elite passed along some of her Polaroids to Guess which led her booking the Millennium GUESS? campaign along with friend and fellow Brazilian Ana Beatriz Barros. She has since appeared in advertisements for brands like Revlon, Christian Dior, Giorgio Armani, and Ralph Lauren, as well as the Pirelli Calendar. She has walked the catwalks for designers such as Prada, Chanel, and Oscarde la Renta. She has appeared in numerous international magazine covers, including Cosmopolitan, Elle, GQ, Harper’s Bazaar, Marie Claire, Ocean Drive, Vogue and the only model to appear on the cover of Glamour in the United States in 2006.
Phillips told me she's looking forward to some Texas barbeque and warmer weather. She is in Newark (under a blanket of snow and ice) where she directs the MFA in Creating Writing at Rutgers-Newark. She is good friends with UHV's Dagoberto Gilb, so hopefully we'll get to hang for a while.
UMNO or Perkasa (a Malay-rights NGO) do not have to be apprehensive of the Opposition and go on duping the people into thinking that without UMNO the MRI in the country will be destroyed.
I hope you all have a fabulous weekend, and those of you here in the States, enjoy your Thanksgiving!
Bake the cookies for 20 to 25 minutes, rotating the sheets from top to bottom and front to back at the midway point, until they are puffed and golden. Transfer the cookies to racks to cool to just warm or to room temperature.
Fortunately, Emily writes with such humor and grace, and an acknowledgement that being a true Real Foodie takes passion and commitment, that I finished the book laughing and thinking about what small steps I could take to incorporate more Real Food into my family meal planning. (Plus, she makes a True Confession that will quickly let all her readers know that she's not perfect. Which is good. Because if I start striving for perfection I'm toast. Toast made from Wonderbread. White Wonderbread. Full of unpronounceable stuff)
My aim is that we can all share our special treasures with each other and be able to hop around and see new inspiration from a wide variety of art and craft genres.
While the scene’s Old Masters are still around – Björk, Sigur Rós and múm are all still busy maintaining their heavyweight titles, buoyed by the inexorable rise of established acts like Mugison, Jóhann Jóhannson and Emiliana Torrini – many of the Class of ‘03 are now gone.
Jessica Lange won the Best Supporting Actress in a Drama Series award — her first SAG award — for “American Horror Story.”
I wonder where she is now?
The ever-changing picture of the Dead and its audiences make it difficult to assess its current run of shows (they tour through Aug. 10, when they will play two, recently announced three-set shows at Jones Beach, N.Y.).
Here is my workout from Monday night...woo hoo~~~
You are going to have to deal with your boat. There are a couple of directions you may take to get started. Two main channels beckon which you can navigate. You can chose one or the other of these courses or you can combine them and steam a little way down channel A and sail a little way down channel B.
This morning as I was getting ready to leave the store, one of our greeters came in and it was pretty obvious he was not feeling well. He was sweating heavily, he was pale and he was mumbling. After talking to him for a few minutes, he stated his chest hurt. After a few minutes, he told us his left arm hurt.
Brewed: 02-24-2008
Four of the most magical creatures ever.
No fire in them, no punch. Return, make my brain
And I thought it said:
UPPER SECTION: With B, cast on 6 sts and work 2 rows garter st.
Some beat their drums; others beat their sorry breasts
If there’s a final note I can add to any writers who stumble upon this: self-publishing is amazing but if you do go that route, be amazing to IT in return. What I mean is, the only way to silence people like Jodi Picoult or to get new readers to support you, is to write the best damn books possible with the best damn editing possible. Otherwise, we’re screwing readers over, and they’ll screw us back by telling everyone we suck and with good reason. Think about it. And ahem…that doesn’t mean you still won’t get bad reviews or be called a “bitch” in a review (yes, it happened to me…what fun!), but it means you can fix all the non-subjective reasons for people disliking your book.
*Patti who steals moments of bliss when she shouldn't.
My story is similar to a handful of other people who I’ve since encountered via the internet. I am an ordinary White man who has belatedly recognized extraordinary threats not only to my own existence and the future of my children, but also to my larger extended family, my kinsfolk, who I have until now taken for granted. I am well educated and have been successful professionally. I can think and write moderately well. I use these abilities to seek truth. I try to speak it. I do not seek fame or fortune.
Lois Cairns for SST has gone off message for Dunedin’s debt crisis by using the alternative set of stats.
80ml vegetable oil (original recipe uses 100ml)
Most importantly, running allows you to concentrate on the task at hand and forget all the stressors in your daily life.
3. Add champagne to jug just before serving to retain the fizz
Now, what inference may be drawn from this amending of section 1 only of Commonwealth Act No. 600 by Commonwealth Act No. 620? The logical conclusion is that in promulgating Commonwealth Act 620 on June 6, 1941, the National Assembly all along regarded Commonwealth Act No. 600 which delegated legislative powers to the President as still in force and effect despite the report filed with the Assembly by the President at the beginning of its regular session in January, 1941. When the Legislature merely amends a section of a law, leaving the rest of said law intact and unchanged, the logical inference and conclusion is that the amended law was still in force because you cannot amend a law which is no longer in force. The only thing that could be done with a law that has ceased to operate is to reenact it. But in passing Commonwealth Act 620 in July, 1941, the Assembly did not reenacted Commonwealth Act No. 600. By merely amending one of its sections, the Assembly, as late as June 1941, considered said Act 600 as still effective and in operation and consequently, the emergency powers of the President continued and subsisted despite his previously having made a report of his actions in January 1941. This squarely refutes the theory that as soon as the President filed his report on the exercise of his emergency powers with the Legislature, the Act making the delegation ceased to operate and the President lost his emergency powers.
Also, it's back in the 100-degree range here and there has still been no rain to speak of.
You had to make sure you triumphed. You had to make sure i was done.
“Plans for the remainder of this year are centered around an impressive line-up of new product, top brands, and compelling
It was a big success.
It was a life-changing experience to be reminded how fragile and vulnerable we really are. That we are but one piece of a large ecosystem, and often its most disrespectful and destructive.
God Bless you Grandma Elsie on this Mother's Day and every day.
“They should include Kim,” Rivers told me while she was placing her hands in cement outside Theatre 80 in New York City. “If they don’t want her hands, they should do her butt.”
Sometimes I need to rustle up a quick card to send off to a friend - I must admit that I'm one of those people that remembers birthdays and special occasions at the last minute. Other times I'll send a little something for those occasions that can't be planned, like when I hear that someone has an interview for a new job.
Fallacy number 4 – “We are efficient at using technology”
My beliefs: 1. human beings are the most valuable thing on the planet. 2. human behavior is one of the most fascinating things ever. 3. human sexual behavior is one of the most fascinating facets of human behavior.
Why? Underground Love is definitely a beautiful and gentle opening for an EP that was recorded mostly in a apartment bedroom. The soothing music delivered by melodic guitars and marching drums in some parts of the song will make you feel like floating into a peaceful and dreamy place in the air. The vocal which fits perfectly with the relaxing music undoubtedly adds an atmospheric feeling and makes it a very fine track. The best friends duo clearly lead us the way to a next state of contentment with their mature craft. So, take a listen and find out what Underground Love feels like.
Presidential pomp and circumstance aside, in this man’s saga, does it much matter exactly when he was transplated to The Indonesian Presidential Palace?
My dad was also the greatest fan of any film that dealt with war and he passed that keen interest on to me at a very early age. One of the first films I ever saw in a theatre was, “The Battle of Britain” for heaven’s sake! I was eight years old.
“Would you run away from us if we let you go?” asked Star of the chicken. There was a suspicious silence.
Needless to say, our founders would certainly not understand many of our institutions or many of the advanced technologies that we have today. But without a doubt they would be able to grasp how far we have fallen as a nation and how far we have strayed from the fundamental principles that they enshrined in our founding documents. The United States is a much different place today than it was in 1776, and unfortunately many of the changes have been for the worse.
Upside Down (video) – Production Company
Mr. Woolas does not, of course, have a monopoly on what he describes as
“I don’t know,” replied Pete, “that doesn’t sound like much.”
Cancer means one must really live in the present rather than being lost in the past or in fearful or desire ridden fantasies if the future. It makes all the difference in the world in experiencing life as the gift that it is."
Up ahead Laurel could hear swearing. She scanned into the dark with heat vision and saw the researcher digging at the metal frame of a door with his fingers. As Tom advanced his flashlight showed the door smeared with the young man’s blood. He did not turn around when they came close but continued to claw and pry his bloodied and torn finger tips at the edge of the door, grunting softly as he did.
It's not that running has become a huge part of my life these last years, and I'm eternally grateful for it. Some of my greatest friends and best memories involve running.
“I commit myself to create love as the living result of communication, past life clearing, vocabulary alignment, psychological patterning clearing, self honesty, intimacy, goal alignment, investigation of and release of irrational fears and the training of myself in the skills of effective agreement design that all my relationships maybe always be best on what is best for life because of the relationship that was agreed to be formed.” Bernard Poolman
DRUMROLL PLEASE……………..
First lets have a:
So 1,2,3,4 Go records posted their stock online and I actually picked some things up without fighting anyone, the Jeff the brotherhood United record and The Cure live... Entreat, what can I say I don't have any of this era Cure on vinyl and I didn't want to pay for just shipping on the Jeff record.
Hugs go around the now circle of friends
Having reached this mini-milestone, I thought that I should post a recipe that constantly hits it out of the park. So it has to be a dessert, and the one dessert that keeps proving itself over and over is my cream puffs.
For Trace is a Californian personal trainer. Short of dyeing my hair, wearing tinted contacts and doing a Michael Jackson on my skin, I am never going to look like her. However, I am going to do her post-pregnancy workout even if it kills me. (Which, quite seriously, it might.)
On April 4, Mitt Romney had his turn in front of the newspapermen. “The president came here yesterday and railed against arguments no one is making—and criticized policies no one is proposing. It’s one of his favorite strategies—setting up straw men to distract from his record.”
This event is made possible by a grant from the Dane County Cultural Affairs Commission, with additional funds from the Overture Foundation and the Pleasant T. Rowland Foundation, and generous support from the UW-Madison New Arts Venture Challenge, the UW-Madison School of Music, and the Madison Museum of Contemporary Art.
Page 4 is a revision page where you have to match up the end of a statement with the beginning. If completed correctly it reads as follows:
Alright friends, here is the freebie I promised. Be sure to visit my Etsy link to see the aprons I am busily completing to add to my shop (coming soon...peace signs, zebra, more "pick me", and more "abc123"...and I have some other fun new fabrics to get to sewing as well)!
Why? Because of the gorgeous girl to the left. MEHEHE. Muah don’t judge. Kidding!! At dahil birthday mo… ☺ *sound effects*
Last month WEAC announced that it was laying off 40% of its staff. With little over which to collectively bargain, and with dues no longer withheld from paychecks, the need for and sustainability of a union bureaucracy could not be justified.
The private life is one measure of who we are. Too many times I have seen good public families suddenly come apart from within. It became apparent that the life behind the closed doors of the home was far different from the public family persona. If we believe that God exists and rewards those who seek Him, it will affect our most private of lives, because we will know that He is there. We then know that there is, in fact, no private life. Lest this cause you great fear, guilt, and concern, remember that Jesus says that, “… your Father, who sees in secret, will reward you.” Showcase prayer has the single reward of public acclaim. The rewards of relational prayer is that it can:
I'm afraid I was a little late arriving at this session, and it had already begun as I entered. There was a deep hush over the room, and a quiet dignity about the three-person panel. Editor Ben Barkow, director of The Wiener Library, was providing an account of Pilipp Manes' life before he entered Theresienstadt: his childhood love of the theatrical, the travel and connection with the artistic community he enjoyed as an employee of the New Photographic Society, the later necessity of taking over his father's furrier firm, the loss of freedom and property as the Nazis put pressure on the Jews, and the consolation he found in writing.
And, I'm totally annoyed with all the greeting card choices for VD. I was LOOKING for a card that read "I can tolerate you", but alas - I could not find THAT card in the sea of d*mn mushy cards. ALL the cards were too d*mn mushy! Does anybody REALLY like mushy? REALLY?!
Yes. My silkie is magic. It is the only logical explanation. Or it could be Poultry Math, which is really just another form of magic. Either way, she has THREE babies under her. Magic is for real, y’all.
Her mom is not dead. She is trapped in the past, in the year 1543, and Hope is needed to bring her back. She joins the team of new recruits to the society of Viators, time travelelers, as they prepare for the longest road trip ever.
The answer to that question is rather complicated. When photons hit the cells of the retina they activate a chain action, rather like a domino effect. The first of these domino pieces is a molecule called “11-cis-retinal” that is sensitive to photons. When struck by a photon, this molecule changes shape, which in turn changes the shape of a protein called “rhodopsin” to which it is tightly bound. Rhodopsin then takes a form that enables it to stick to another resident protein in the cell called “transducin.”
-cabbage (1/2, boiled, water squeezed out and roughly chopped)
redemptions will be less than interest earnings, trust fund
Release Date: Available Now from Scholastic Press
Even though Big Idea was experiencing moderate success, a feature film proved to be too large of an undertaking. Many financial and internal problems, coupled with a lawsuit with VeggieTale’s previous distribution company Lyrick Entertainment, marked the beginning of several bleak years for Big Idea. After several years in production, Jonah and the Whale finally hit theaters but did not make enough to bring in any revenue for Big Idea. Lyrick won the lawsuit, and Big Idea, not having enough money to recoup for their losses, went bankrupt..
The truth came in the end, the titan, Kronos, was the one behind the thief.
Targeted email blasts can be a useful publicity tool--as long as they really are targeted. For example, see author Michelle Dunn's tips for a successful email blast, which involves a list of addresses she built herself.
Thanks to all who entered our fourth challenge. Before we announce the Fifth challenge we need to announce the winner of the fourth challenge "Cute and Cuddly"
My atheist group had a picnic in the country today. I had said I was going, but changed my mind a few hours before it started because I’m always ambivalent about events that include more than ten people. Then someone offered me a ride, so I went after all.
Well, fortunately, I don't think I will have to make a decision about this...at least for the time being. I missed a phone call today while I was in class. Actually, I was at lunch, and my phone was right in front of me, but I didn't notice the incoming call. When I checked my voicemail, it was from Jermaine. He had an appointment with his probation officer and they arrested him for violation of probation. Nothing to do with stealing the car, but because he failed to complete his time at the halfway house (again).
It may take a little work, but in the long run developing a brand perception for your customers and prospective customers will allow your company to grow and be successful. Asking for help from a marketing consultant will cost some money, but they can help you get on the right track and will end up being an investment in your small business instead of another bill to paid. How do people see your business? Do you want to change their perception to improve your company’s image and ultimately the bottom line? Sure you do!!
2661 E 49th Avenue
Step 1: Roll the moss flat and lay your letter down. Figure out the best configuration on how to cut your moss. Luckily, I was able to use one entire piece for my letter which made things a bit simpler.
This morning, the boys and I popped out to the beach to visit some old friends of mine. Old friends. I've known them 20 years, which is around the half-my-life mark, so they qualify. I met them when I was living in London. In fact, I lived with them when I was living in London.
Within, the dream-walls echo, waiting
Also, we are going to start having guest designers! I have seen them on other blogs and it looked fun so we are giving it a try! The winner of the challenge will be the guest designer for the next month's challenge. So that would be Jillian!
We had a few particularly unusual challenges, it being an office park and all- and a host of requirements for the function as well. Above everything though, my clients wanted it to reflect them, and their brand, while still being pure enough so that the food took center stage.
Is it a form of laziness? In a way, yes; and in a way, no. It's shirking the disagreeable work, but those of us who do this also work long and hard on our prose, attending to each sentence with lapidary care. It's harsh to call us lazy. We're just doing the wrong work. Doing what we feel comfortable with, like the builder doing up a house (an easy image for me at the moment) who rapidly settles on painting the gloss on the dado rail in the dining room when the wall still needs to be moved because the kitchen’s too small.
Hope2Africa begun in the Squatter Camp known as Masiphumelele or Site 5. Masiphumelele (translated from Xhosa “we will succeed”) is a suburb of Cape Town, South Africa and home to approximately 30,000 people. Amenities are scarce and it is estimated that 30-40% of the community are infected with HIV and/or TB.
Leoben can sometimes be seen as Kara’s conscience, however, he abuses her to no end especially on New Caprica. Apparently, each thing he does or says to her is to lead her to her ‘destiny’. Trapping her in a mock apartment, making her pretend that she’s his wife, kidnapping a kid and convincing her it’s her child…he does so much crap to her over the entire series, it’s unbelievable.
When Kate Evangelista was told she had a knack for writing stories, she did the next best thing: entered medical school. After realizing she wasn't going to be the next Doogie Howser, M.D., Kate wandered into the Literature department of her university and never looked back. Today, she is in possession of a piece of paper that says to the world she owns a Literature degree. To make matters worse, she took Master's courses in creative writing. In the end, she realized to be a writer, none of what she had mattered. What really mattered? Writing. Plain and simple, honest to God, sitting in front of her computer, writing. Today, she has four completed Young Adult novels.
and never speak a word of what you saw.
The inquiry, which has one week left to run, deals with two issues: whether planning permission should be granted to the arena-led scheme; and, if it is, whether Croydon Council can go ahead with a compulsory purchase order to force Stanhope and Schroders to sell the 9 acres that they own in the 13 acre site.
But you’ll have to come to Nashville on March 31 to find out. Actually, you should come on March 30 for the Friday evening meet & greet. I have a meeting in the city earlier that day, so I’ll have to slip on my party dress and speed over.
Hakushu
About the Movie:Matthew Stevenson is a troubled kid from a broken home. When he vandalizes the local church to get back at his parents, Matthew has to repair the damage to the church to avoid criminal charges. While working at the church, he meets Ernest (John Ratzenberger), an accomplished wood carver who created the intricate woodwork decoration that Matthew destroyed. Ernest has become something of a hermit, but reluctantly comes out of reclusion to help repair the church. Now Ernest and Matthew must work together to preserve the church's beautiful antiquity, and along the way, they also manage to restore their faith in God and in life.
Jones was quick to counter questions about the new strategy by pointing out that any dips in the ground-based department would be more than offset by increased production allowed by Hawai’i's new wide receiver plant in China, though that did not stop skeptics from questioning Hawai’i's move to offshore flanker production.
164
“Far from being a victimless crime, the trade in illegal tobacco has serious consequences for health, crime and community cohesion.
Two impressive victories for Anzhi in two weeks. First, the 3-0 demolishing of Spartak in Moscow. Now, Sunday’s comfortable 3-1 stroll over Lokomotiv in Makhachkala means that Anzhi is only 3 points off the chase for 2nd and a spot in the Champions League. With two matches this week against the 8th-place Kuban and 7th-place Rubin, Anzhi have everything to play for.
So as long as festivals like this one in my wonderful home town of Brooklyn-- where the F train really is sometimes like a movable reading room at the library-- can keep reading alive the world is not totally lost.
Method - more secure than the ingredients list, as I can remember what I did!
Just a reminder to all that Sept. 10, 2010 is World Suicide Prevention Day. I belong to an amazing fanpage on Facebook called the International Association for Suicide Prevention (IASP) who along with the World Health Organization (WHO) host a worldwide day to raise awareness, give those who have lost someone to suicide a place to come together and all for suicide prevention. This is not necessarily a specific location, but some 20 countries are hosting actual activities and I encourage you to please check out IASP, they do phenomenal work educating and supporting those who have experienced the tragedy of suicide. You yourself can simply light a candle at 8pm by a window to show support and in memory of those who have died.
Discussion
O, that we need not wait too long
That's nearly 8 years of our lives we have been separated. He has missed 8 years of our children's lives. Not counting innumerable days underway for work-ups, inspections, trials, joint exercises, geo baching it for schools...so it's probably more like 10-12 years gone. He'll be gone 9 months of this year alone.
Al Pacino (Looking for Richard)
Be the friend that you go to the end of the earth to help. The friend that will put aside anything and everything to talk. The friend that puts his/her words where their mouth is.
When the rice is cooked, take it off the flame and leave it covered for a further five minutes.
Thing is, it's just not so. Commodity wine has managed to partake somewhat in the glory of the truly good stuff. This is nonsense. Affordable varieties of plonk (or even some quite pricey numbers) knocked up in some booze factory out of a few lorryloads of grapes from here and there, sugar, glycerine, tree bark, enzymes, fishguts, crab-shells, preservatives and colour, somehow get thought of (wrongly) in the same way as some remarkable, lovingly-crafted masterpiece of oenology.
My name's Kenneth Rathburn and I'm a soon-to-graduate student at the University of Central Florida (UCF), majoring with a Bachelor of Art's in English with a track in Creative Writing (minor undeclared). I also have an Associate of Arts in Journalism, which I obtained upon graduating from Indian River State College (IRSC). I am 22 years old, currently unemployed and, until I graduate, a full-time student. I previously worked for the website TalkXbox for 3-4 years, writing reviews, columns and editorials for videogames. I also occasionally blog on Gamespot.com in addition to writing reviews on Amazon and sputnikmusic.com. Between my choice of majors and experience in writing, it's probably clear that I like to write and share my opinion. It is currently my goal to have a career in providing reviews for a number of things, including videogames, (heavy metal) albums, electronics, food, drinks and anything else that I feel warrants evaluation that someone might want an opinion on. In particular, however, my passion lies with reviewing and talking about films. Even though I'm aspiring towards a field in reviewing/writing, I've recently found interest in acting, since I have a tendency to quote and impersonate movies several times. For my WordPress profile, Quote Reviews, my goal is to provide quick yet informative reviews for any of the aforementioned items and subjects--hence the "Quick and Quoted" slogan. I've always been one to delve into lengthy detail about whatever I talk about, but this WordPress profile is my way to aspire towards getting out what needs to be said. If you just need a quick verdict about whether or not something is for you, then it's my goal to provide that to you! And for each film review, I provide a quote from the movie that I feel sums it up about as accurately as possible.
Hour 6 (7pm)
Broadband Plans for a business range from anywhere between $80 to $120 per month depending on an ISP. Most of the broadband Internet providers ensure a congestion free network and 99.9% uptime service guarantee. Under the terms of the guarantee, you will be reimbursed for any downtime in the network.
pascal pinon
In the process of writing the blog posting about soul contracts and predestination, I received an amazing release of energy at the back of head, as though I was given an invisible cranial. In that moment, I felt my inner wiring shift, and a new path open up. It was extraordinary.
My first day i was being shown the chickens and found myself with Dionne in the shops bathroom with a chicken over the laundry tub removing a poop ball with warm water.
I don't need to tell anybody what this is. It sold for $14,000.00, owing to its excellent condition. I've seen them at a price range of $7,000-$36,000. If you've got one, take it out of the attic and flaunt it. Or, sell it.
Most of what has been done to South African gun owners is already being pushed in the United States: gun rationing; targeting the poor and people of color; making gun ownership unaffordable; confiscating guns without compensation; and implementing a licensing system that can be deliberately abused in order to stop good people from owning guns.
To prepare as a poultice, the crushed herb is mixed with a small amount of boiling water, then spread on a soft cloth. The cloth is applied to the affected area until the cloth is cold. The poultice is applied as needed.
“Stained Glass Masquerade”
Finally, in the years since September 11, 2001, the floodgates that allow in more and more of the immigrants who cause all of these problems remain open, and in some cases are open even wider. The European Union is actively planning to import fifty million more Africans in the next several decades, and European politicians are promoting an open-borders Mediterranean Union. In the last eight years both presidents of the United States have refused to enforce the country’s immigration laws or control the southern border, and both have supported amnesty for illegal immigrants. The current president stands poised to accomplish this aim.
Or would you cherish all of the memories, both good and bad as a loved one should?
The third installment about our trip to Paducah is all about the fish. Kathryn has a large pond on her property and a few years ago they stocked it, first with bluegill and later with largemouth bass that eat the bluegill, and they also added a few catfish for good measure. However, they had never attempted to catch any of the fish -- until we arrived.
I did talk my hubby into going to Planet X, its only $10.00 a month plus sign on fee. You can stop anytime and not pay. Right up those New Year's resolutions Ally's. As for doing some thing here at the house I really can't unless the Little's are sleeping because they like to be in the mix and sometimes there is just not enough room. Going out for a walk right now is not good since the pollen count is crazy high any my poor nose and asthma has been crazy.
From that day forward we always called Cornish Hens, "Little Kittens"
Come all:
I am tech guy today but tomorrow I have been promised a busier day. The high school is taking off in the afternoon leaving all the different middle school classes that high school teach, open. I will probably jump from social studies to English to math to pe all afternoon.
BloodEagle spoke about Star Wars: The Old Republic, his issues with it, and his hope that some of those issues get fixed soon. He also spoke about his time in Tribes:Ascend, and his anticipation for Mass Effect 3.
This week the challenge is to use the colors
What if I pray
Thank you Pennsylvania, Delaware, Rhode Island, Connecticut and New York! And tonight I can say thank you, America. After 43 primaries and caucuses, many long days and more than a few long nights, I can say with confidence – and gratitude – that you have given me a great honor and solemn responsibility. And, together, we will win on November 6th!
1 1/2 cups brown sugar
So, if you have a minute, I'd love to have you leave some feedback for me. How do you read my blog? How do you get here? What keeps you coming back? If you're a blogger, feel free to leave your blog address so I can hop over to visit.
Finally Xi halted. They stopped in front of a series of fallen arches and crumbling walls. Judd recognized the grounds and some of the friezes were undamaged. “Do a scan,” said Judd.
I always complete the 10 – 20 minute warm-up and the 10 minute cool-down, but I have yet to finish the main (5K) set as specified. Even using slower intervals than recommended, I tire quickly. I often slow the belt down or complete fewer intervals (or both). Still, I’m getting a good workout. My heart rate easily reaches the performance zone (91% of max) during the speed intervals. During the rest intervals, if I feel like I need more recovery, I walk until my heart just drops out of the aerobic zone and then start the next speed lap. I keep telling myself “just one more speed interval,” until I simply cannot complete any more and then I begin the cool-down. I aim to complete a total of at least 5 miles (including warm-up and cool-down).
2. When you surrender to what is and so become fully present, the past ceases to have any power. You do not need it anymore. Presence is the key. Now is the key.
· Share ideas with transportation experts
Kendall is now....
Gharak is in the driving seat for this one, creating a complete skirmish game with fluff, rules and sometime down the road it's own miniature range. Ambitious as always, my brother. The game will be a skirmish scale with suitably heroic combat, set in an alternate world taking its inspiration from Greek Mythology. And my role? A mix of advisor, rules collaborator, playtester, painter and who knows what else! We're working on test forces for each faction, so I've the start of a Minoan force on my paint table, Minotaur and all.
4) Bend your wrist so that the card is closest to you.
Today is the day that the greenhouse will be finished! I dare not get too excited, because anything could happen, but it DOES look promising...
Best Comedy Series
Since most you will never meet Johanna, let alone be invited to her museum and treated to lunch, I thought I'd share some of the highlights of her collection and our day. Here is Johanna's latest acquisition, a pristine white Singer featherweight, purchased at a price so low it's practically theft. It sews a beautiful stitch but could use a little more oil. Nice case too.
Even the ceramah site was just a stone’s throw from the Titanium commercial complex which belongs to one of Taib’s sons. It is not fully operational but it has become a symbol of the way Kuching folk feel about the business interests of Taib’s family.
John Entwistle: vocals, bass
Year of the Fob
If confronted at a house, police said, the suspects use a variety of explanations as to why they would be at the door or walking the property.
My dad, sister, grandpa, grandma, two neighbors (who were on their tractors farming, saw the commotion, and came to help); we searched for 15 minutes, if not more.
With the PULP platform, it seems Subutai would like us all to make a connected publishing community. The website states: “PULP transforms fiction into franchise by building bridges between publishers, fans, artists, and the stories, characters, and universes that help them define themselves.” Just add a great story, some ads, a wiki, fan fic and fan art. As the Subutai team said, “Each book is a micro business venture.”
Sunday I just took it easy and hung with a friend down in League City. I brought a shyteload of craft beer including some Divine Reserve and we just BS'ed around and played Street Fighter 4 and Call of Duty 18 or whatever the hell version they're on. Lots of food on the grill, but like guys we had no side dishes but some Texas Toast.
they have rooms of their own..
I have a roast in the crock pot for pulled pork sandwiches for the office. I can smell it all the way down in my scrap room.. yum! Pulled pork and cole slaw, lasagna, sloppy joes and ham and potato soup on the menu this week for the tax office.
“We’re not mad at Sen. Sullivan,” she said. “We just want him to do the right thing and to encourage his fellow lawmakers to do the same.”
I am so looking forward to the upcoming article that probably will be published within a couple of months. I will let you know!
There comes a point when you reach a fork in the road.
These are the Sad Facts:
La Cuevita is located at: 5922 North Figueroa StreetLos Angeles, CA
Since we just wanted to find something interesting yet educational to do together, the 3 of us decided to sign up for 6 more classes, which would add to our current list of activities which include badminton, lunches and visiting food/plant markets.
We chose a genuine Italian coffee shop for our morning break. Maurizio has been in England for some 30 years, but he has brought a real taste of Italy to Southwell, with Al Fresco Caffe in Queen Street. The best cup of coffee we had in town, and great cakes baked by ‘Morris’ himself, so quite a few Italian specialities on offer. Watch out for our review once we post it for a flavour of what he has to offer.
all along the path
"Mad Made Monster" is a far-fetched tale of mad science of supercharging the naturally occuring electrical systems of the human body with high voltage in ways that Baron Frankenstein wouldn't have imagined in his wildest dreams. You'll barely have time to digest the pseudo-scientific whackiness because the film moves so fast.
What she has done is nothing less than criminal. She defrauded the welfare system before she had those children knowing full well they would have no father in the picture and no way to pay for even the hospital bill.If you look at her you can see she has had some seriously expensive plastic surgery just on her face. How did she pay for it? How did she pay the medically negligently, morally bankrupt fertility doctor?
“According to this FBI document, a memo titled ‘Flying Saucers’ to the FBI director J. Edgar Hoover from Guy Hottel, the special agent in charge of the Washington field office in 1950, stated “three so-called flying saucers had been recovered in New Mexico” by the US Military in 1947 that he described as being “circular in shape with raised centers, approximately 50 feet in diameter occupied by three bodies of human shape but only 3 feet tall, dressed in a metallic cloth of a very fine texture and with each body bandaged in a manner similar to the blackout suits used by speed flyers and test pilots.”
Oh yeah, I get to go watch my dad do a tree job today! I'm SO excited. He's a logger, so he's all about climbing trees, and junk. Well, sometimes he does tree jobs (cuts them down and extracts them from peoples yards) when he's not working. Well, he got a job for today. The guy who's tree it is, is working today, and Dad wants me to come with him. As a "call 911" spotter. Nice, eh? I'm there in case it all goes South, and he needs to be saved.
Only one more week left! I can't believe it....
Probably not, but I'm not sure. They had a big ally in Ken Williams here in New York, who played their music. They were respected by all who heard them, especially the Jamaican musicians. Tommy McCook was one of their biggest advocates.
This is 'The' cake I remember when growing up. It's homely and comforting and zesty and orangey, a real delight which reminds me of my childhood.
My wedding lace impression tag:
If you stumble upon a new and eccentric variation, please share your brilliance with us below.
Like sugar, this drink is the enemy
In the coming few hours POD, Self-Publishing & Independent Publishing will reach an historic and humble milestone - 100,000 unique visitors to the website. In reality, there has been many more visitors through the doors over the past three and a bit years, but I only began traffic analysis on the site in early 2008, so best to stick with the measurable figures. Back in the early months of the site, I really only ever intended this online adventure to record my own research, opinion and experience of writing and publishing. Little did I know what lay ahead.
Hiring an agent will resolve your problem up a considerable extent and offer following benefits-
As much as I talk about and complain about and dread the heat and humidity of the Minnesota summers, I love how the harp sings in the moist air. The ring is more mellow, the sound fuller, rounder. The strings are so grippy and satisfying to pull. Summertime music-making at its best.
But now, thanks to his Google-ing (yes, it’s a word-google it!) abilities, we’ve found the e-versions of the book.
Our very best friends joined my wife and I for a lovely birthday dinner downtown, and provided me with Jiffy Pop popcorn and some good Belgian holiday beer! Outstanding!
D. Nev.: Righthaven Loss: Judge Rules Reposting Entire Article Is Fair Use
the malaise of middle class American children. He talks about how they are lazy and spoiled and how THIS WOULD NEVER GO DOWN WITH AN AFRICAN CHILD.
the oldest craft brewery in Texas, is among the six craft breweries participating in “Hops for Heroes.” The initiative, which involves brewing and bottling Homefront IPA later this spring, will raise funds for Operation Homefront. A creation of Major League Pitcher Chris Ray and Fremont Brewing Company, Hops for Heroes began last year in Seattle. In 2012, it expands into five new markets, including Texas:
My son & her brother spent most of the weekend in my shed running an electric cord to play the xbox & watch movies & sleep out in.Remember the shed that was built for my spinning equipment & fiber?well,it is now filled with my mom`s furniture & beds & things we are storing till my soon to be 38 year old son gets his own place.One day I`m hopeful that things will change,but I`m not holding my breath.I`m hoping perhaps our son will be able to afford my mom`s house & be on his own.Who knows what will happen?
I can't say this will always be the case, but here's what I've found so far: my relationship with my "muse", that creature/spirit/part of my brain that brings me songs and melody and great performances, is the most satisfying relationship in my life. Creating art is a beautiful, magical, endlessly-gratifying experience.
In closing let me just point out that Wolfgang Schauble has once again delivered a blistering attack on borrowing to leverage debt repayment – in or out of the EFSF. That was just to ensure nobody thought Christian Noyer had hatched a good idea in Tokyo yesterday. Berlin is stonewalling while it gets its new furrow ready to be ploughed. And the French Sorbonnier Establishment – so convinced until recently that its strategy was infallible (and yes, I too got that wrong) – stands alone to face the onslaught upon l’UE du Sud.
Joe's Brewhouse is in a small strip center with The Office Bar, a wine bar, a restaurant and an antique shop. Look for the small grain silo on the porch.
March 26, 2012 at 2:42 PM
Jamais sur terre vous n'entendrez homme plus douloureux.
Once we get down the long, long stairway back to the level of the park entrance, the path cleverly goes through a long gallery of souvenir shops - no shortcuts! - before bringing us in front of the waterfall. There’s a path alongside the lower part of the falls that leads up to a pagoda next to the bottom of the main falls. I have to see everything, so I go up.
Perhaps it was raising her in isolation. But Catherine is simply more temperate in all things. She’s willing to re-evaluate her relationships. She’s not as carried off by passion…for better or worse. She’s suspect of marriage in general. Catherine is the most realistic of characters out on the moors. I think she could have broken away from it all; had she been set in another book. But the moors takes no prisoners. You know Catherine (2) is heading toward some twisted stuff…it’s not going to end well…
This post is about an idea Alli-baby had for GNO (girl's night out).
Boys softball practice tomorrow
It's like reading it for the first time. It's very disconcerting to me, because I usually remember something about a book I've read, other than just that I liked it.
The Playboy Club is in the Hilton Hotel and seems to be the kind of swanky place that footballers, bankers and the elite of the bloggerati like to hang out in. Even so, the bar bill of Mr Hope raised a few eyebrows. In a three hour binge, he racked up a tab of £203,948,80. This included the world largest bottle (Midas) of Ace of Spades champagne. Coming in a neat 30 litre bottle, it seems a bargain at £125,000.
I just completed The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo for my book club, and it was fantastic. I started the book probably a week and a half ago, but have been reluctant to put it down to do much of anything. The thriller follows an investigative journalist named Mikael Blomkvist through his highs, lows, and year long search for a murderer. The title refers to the other main character in the book, Lisbeth Salander, a personal investigator. Their lives intertwine throughout the novel by Stieg Larsson as they try to solve the mysteries of the wealthy Swedish Vanger family.
It was all rather nice – as a mother of two, going out for lunch is always a treat, simply for avoiding the clean-up. This was even more relaxing as both my children were quite happy playing before and after eating, so I could actually eat warm food myself. The quality of the cooking was a real surprise. Like I say, I expected this to be somewhere I would use because, quite frankly, a fiver to feed me and mine is always going to get my custom. But I didn’t expect it to be so delicious – and it really was. I would still be recommending it if I had paid £20 plus in a Crouch End eatery.
One passage says that they saw the light but heard not the voice. The other; they heard a voice but saw not Jesus. Is this a contradiction? Assuredly not, for if God’s Word contradicted itself it would not be the Word of God.
So, I just wanna say... The A to Z Challenge was awesome. It was my first year participating, and I'll definitely sign up again next year!
2007 - 55 cases
Also, don’t do anything you wouldn’t want others to do unto you. Remember that, girly. No scaring others or threatening them or embarrassing them. That’s NOT cool.
There was a man who had two sons. The younger one said to his father, ‘Father, give me my share of the estate.’ So he divided his property between them.
rain sun rain...
Game of Thrones by George R.R . Martin (audio)
Here is my card. I choose to do a tone on tone card to match the Pattern paper inside.
After sharing a bit on my bedroom yesterday, I thought I'd update you all on the DIY light fixture in the room that I created last year. With nearly 365 days past, I finally got around to painting it (which was my intention all along), thanks to unseasonably warm 70 degree weather. Cross that one off the 'to do' list.
I haven’t made any announcement yet, but I am thinking about retiring at the end of the year. I’m getting tired.”
It is strange to listen to people from the Left in Norway, many of whom are diehard anti-Semites, i.e. people who despise people for no other reason than their ethnicity, criticise individuals, in this case anti-Islamists, who speak out against a religion that rejects the notion of civil liberties, encourages the killing of Jews and Christians, and mandates the introduction of global fascism.
CALLER: I hope everybody heard it.
1. Boil ribs in water until tender, for about an hour or so. (I usually boil it with the liempo part and just separate it later)
But I’ve been trying. And I’ve kept trying. Would you believe me if I told you this was attempt number nine? It is.
Hubby injured his arm and has been going to physio therapy, and it seems to be working. He has a few more sessions to go, but we already see great improvement in his strength.
Or the way you talk
Each month, July 2010-June 2011, is laid out with articles, charts, tips, activity ideas, links, and resource lists all related to a common theme. These themes range from Bible study tips, creative writing, and reading the classics to 'super' foods, computer literacy, and critical thinking. Interspersed are also articles on avoiding homeschool burn-out, making your own gluten- and dairy-free foods as well as non-toxic cleaners, and nature walks! Writers of these articles include people like Heidi St. John, Amy Pack, Molly Green, Jeannie Fulbright, Amanda Bennett, Karen Andreola, and my all-time favorite, Jane Lambert! It's really not fair to think of this as a planner because it is SO much more! Not only can you plan anything and everything regarding your homeschooling but you can also sit and enjoy reading some really great articles, be encouraged by fellow homeschoolers, cook up something new, learn some new things yourself, and because there is so much information included (science, history, geograhpy, Bible, math), you can use this 'planner' to teach your children many different topics!
We're limited in choices this year
I'm not saying that everything needs to be done in the utmost manner of politeness, but there does deserve to be some simple respect, even when the stakes are high. Maybe especially when the stakes are high. But somewhere we seem to have forgotten that if you're going to tread on someone in any arena that they will make it their mission to take you down. And they, too, have long memories. Even armies who are bent on killing each other understand that once you've defeated your opponent, you have to give them some grace in defeat, or it will come back to haunt the victors.
The short answer is, nothing much. Starting pretty much soon after its 1998 default for example, Russia (a marginally bigger player than either Greece or Hungary) began a decade of unparalleled economic growth. Nearly a decade after Argentina defaulted owing $81 billion, disgruntled creditors are still chasing their money. The litigation, and Argentina’s defiance in the face of judgments against it, complicate its plans to return to international capital markets, but how is the economy doing?
When Dean talked about getting stories onto every site so more readers can find them, I listened. Check out his blog “Reasons for a Trade Paper Edition”. If you want to make your writing into a business, understand the process, and practice the steps he suggests.
- Until 1984 Belgians were made to choose their children's names from a list of 1500 drawn up in the days of Napoleon.
I used baskets that I already had
and my thoughts than your thoughts. – Isaiah 55:8-9
Mantashe has never been elected to office by the voters. He is not a Member of Parliament. He is a member of the South African Communist Party - a party that has never stood for election but now demands one third of all the ANC's seats in Parliament. And it demands the right to take decisions on behalf of the ANC and then impose such decisions on Parliament. This takes the logic of closed, unaccountable, crony politics to its logical conclusion. It entirely negates the struggle to achieve democracy in South Africa.
I don’t, the article uses humour to demonstrate issues, it was used to provoke emotion and then debate, in that regard it served its purpose.
we perceive in the photo?
That day has yet to come
10. Hands All Over
It's so sweet to see your guys' love for each other. I'm so excited for you to be my new sister, Micca!!
So since it's Monday, and I know most of you are at work, I have a little surprise for you to make your day a little better :)
Looking ahead
complaining, a pattern of negative
Channel News Asia reported in August 2011 that a public transport official or police officer may also arrest without warrant any person believed to have committed an offence – such as failing to pay a taxi fare – under the Public Transport Council Act. The passenger can be detained until his name and address have been ascertained, so that he can be brought to court. (read more here)
What are your top ten favorite books?
Yeast: the final frontier.
That’s it, I’m done teaching for this term. It’s been an enjoyable run. I like teaching this particular module. Now all that is left is to mark the essays that I will get at some point after Easter. I don’t mind marking that much. I just mind that it eats into my work time. I need to write and read a lot, and the marking for this class will take a few days. I need to finish as much as possible by the time I get the copies to mark. For now I’m really tired and I’m going to go to bed soon.
6 large, 8 medium or 10 small lemons
Who needs video games when nature can be so entertaining.?
I'm working very late tomorrow night, so I want to make sure to get lots done tonight. I've got four chapters left to mark up and make notes on, and my outlines and lists of new/extended scenes grow longer every day. Right now I am mainly focusing on the gaps where I can weave in the new material, and the areas that can be rewritten to strengthen voice. Making the exposition and worldbuilding richer is going to be tons of fun, but the real work will be giving this manuscript a beating heart.
Things to look forward to include:
I don't want to read anything depressing so I don't want to depress you!
Wearing a Reed Krakoff dress, the R&B diva strikes a pose for the lens of famed photographer Terry Richardson, while on the subscriber’s issue cover she rocks a Salvatore Ferragamo beaded jacket.
all he needs is a team — and a
He laughed and looked me up and down. “The Ark,” he said. I thought he sounded a bit haughty, letting it all be out in the open like that. I shook my head. “I suppose you call yourself Noah too?” I asked.
directed into the areas listed?
Ah, the OWS movement..back again like a rancid smell you thought you’d gotten rid of in spring cleaning. Together with pals from the SEIU and other radical groups, they used the old Communist holiday of May Day to exercise their usual tyranny over other people’s rights to travel, work, buy and sell.
The Maccabees (Photo credit: louise lynn)
~10am run
Senate Minority Leader Mitch "Fishface" McConnell said "We're going to make sure that America still is number one in the world in defense, and we're not sure that with these cuts we're going to be able to do that, to stay number one." So they want to be number one in defense. Number one in anything else? Not so much. Being number one in clean air and clean water? Not important. Being number one in access to health care? Not important. Being number one in the lowest rates of poverty or hunger? Not important. Being number one in the ability to kill people? That's what's important.
Deadline to register is Sunday April 29th.
~Miss Brenda
Applying these techniques to address the emotional element of the child care decision can not only put you in the drivers’ seat, it can help you be the top choice for enrollment and thus, win the race.
I am not sure why this took so long to get into the major papers considering he died on April 19th, 2012, and he was such a prominent figure but here’s what I’ve found so far.
Apply ghee/oil and serve hot with pickle and yogurt.
Anne Marie Sallerin Ferreira, 29, Jersey City, N.J.
Eat small mini-meals
Take a look at The Scale if you are new or if you need a refresher. I'm starting to feel redundant saying that every time, and most of you get what is going on.
It is necessary for higher men to make war upon the masses, and resist the democratic tendencies of the age, for in all directions mediocre people are joining hands to make themselves masters… He regards compassion as a weakness to be combated… He prophesied with a certain glee an era of great wars; one wonders whether he would have been happy if he had lived to see the fulfillment of his prophecy.
I'm all for fun, but seldom have I wanted to get in the car and drive to Canada slap someone.
Cullen’s piece details, among other things, the outrageous handouts to “environmental” front groups and big businesses that helped push the scheme through. For example, an activist group in New Hampshire called “Clean Air Cool Planet” was incorporated by out-of-state bigwigs to promote global-warming alarmism — including Al Gore’s discredited “documentary,” An Inconvenient Truth.
The doctor came in and talked to us, and he agreed baby looks perfectly healthy. Of course I had to do a little business while I was there and asked if he would refer pregnant moms to SBAK when he diagnoses them. :) Then I went to have some blood drawn for the AFP test that also checks for Spina Bifida. The tech said if the ultrasound looks good, there's a 95% chance that everything is fine, but we'll do the blood test anyway. I warned the .... phlebotomist? ... that I am a really "hard stick" and she would need to use my hand instead of my arm. Still, she had to take a look at my arm. (eye roll) Why is it that every single one of them thinks they're better than every other one out there. I told her no one has ever been able to get anything from my arm. She did stick my hand, but it didn't work and now I have a massive swollen bruise on that hand. But she did the other hand successfully.
okay, these are not especially touched
I was sent a video by my friend Rehan today on You Tube, a wonderful song called Where do you go to my lovely? It’s both beautiful and sad, particularly the last few lines. I’ve been listening to it on and off for most of the day.
2. CISPA would also pre-empt state laws that provide more privacy protection than the federal standard. Citizens in some states would face diminished privacy rights both now and in the future.
As the night ended due to a severe case of a cold foot, I decided the answer to all life’s drunkenly spinning problem was buying myself fried chicken and went crazy. I’m now broke and lonely with only two photo’s from the night to show from it and a really bad hangover the next day.
Fourth worst offender who was also again in the fourth spot, for every year
It's kind of a funny thing. In the old train cars, rather than turning the car toward the direction of travel, the seat backs were upholstered on both sides and slid to either the front or back of the seat. This meant that if no one was in the seat ahead of you, you could just push the seat back forward and suddenly you had a padded footstool in front of you. And this is how I found my travelling companions, stretched out on either side of the aisle, feet up, enjoying the scenery and the breeze blowing through the open windows. Dave looked up at me and said with a grin, 'This is soooo COOL!' It seems I was wasting perfectly good guilt on the two of them, so after a bit I went back out on the flatcar with conscience clear.
Whilst the interior is in very good condition, the exterior does look quite weather beaten and distressed. It seems the American architect did not account for the Devon climate, with its wind and moisture, and, apparently, the exterior requires constant attention to prevent it falling into disrepair.
Meanwhile, combine the strawberries, Grand Marnier, and the remaining 1 tablespoon granulated sugar in a bowl. Refrigerate until ready to serve. When you are ready to serve, using your hands or the back of a knife, gently crack the meringue pillows and place on small plates. Top with the macerated berries. Garnish with mint, a dusting of confectioners’ sugar, and a dollop of whipped cream. Serve immediately.
Geej: Mommy, can you turn it down.
And so say all of us.
Here we go again
In many ways, a collaboration between Wavespan and The Ghost Between the Strings is long overdue. Both artists have released music on Treetrunk and Webbed Hand, both artists specialize in ambient drone, and both use organic sounds as the sources for these drones. While Wavespan has utilized gongs, bridges, bells, Tibetan singing bowls, pianos, and metal sculptures to produce his drone works, TGBTS has focused on the guitar as his primary sound source.
I kind of see a trend here….
This is an 'old' stamp from the Magnolia collection. Sentiment is also form Magnolia. The Eiffel Tower stamps is also a Magnolia rubber stamp.
What a difference many years and a few gray hairs makes.
"No, the price is the same whether or not you have sewer"
(Note that the article does not include the more-often-than-not disclosure that the Times Company and Forest City Ratner were partners in building the Times's new headquarters. Also note that comments are not enabled for the article.)
Quick ideas for Pasta
To get more definitive differences and results, the mice were divided into three groups and given three different diets: One group was fed a normal diet, another was given a high-fat diet of mostly junk food, and a final group was fed mouse-sized servings of vanilla yogurt.
to land on this work of heart
I’m a bit behind on reporting stuff in the aftermath of this past weekend’s Comic-Con (yes, an after-action report is still forthcoming). Among the newsbits I need to pass on is this fun nugget:
As the youthful Liam Brady scored his first senior goal for the club, Bob Wilson played his final match in an Arsenal shirt. I suspect that only one of the two gentlemen in question would be happy with the photographs used.
I've tried to think if I need to hold him closer (so he feels safe?) or let him have space and get the emotions out? This mornings situation I think could have been because he was tired (and) am going to try to really pay attention now to the other times he does this now and see if it is when he is tired.
I'll be headed to Bosco's here in Anchorage. They limit you to 5, but I think that's reasonable. I usually drag the wife along to snag double the books. There will be over 40 different ones to choose from. From adult themed to kids comics. I however will not be dressing up.
Instagram
The Twinkle Toes:
"How can he act this way, how can he talk normally to me? I look at him curiously, like a science experiment, at his blue eyes-slate blue, it turns out- and his strangely shaped nose, and I feel as if I'm floating above him, as if I'm a hospital patient flatlining."
The king was to be a man of God’s Word. He was to (1) have a copy of the law made for his personal use, (2) keep it with him all the time, (3) read from it every day, and (4) obey it completely. Through this process he would learn respect for God, keep himself from feeling more important than others, and avoid neglecting God in times of prosperity. I can’t know what God wants except through his Word, and his Word won’t affect my life unless I read and think about it regularly. With the abundant availability of the Bible today, it is not difficult to gain access to the source of the king’s wisdom. What is more of a challenge is following its directives.
I know I’m the one who brought the negativity. A lot of it. I was experiencing a lot of negativity. It was a really tough time. My ex-husband is NOT… nice. He’s a lot better now. But when he is angry, and drinking… he’s not nice. And he has no empathy which really does a lot to assist his not being nice. I didn’t want negativity and I don’t know why – I think it is how I was conditioned to garner attention. Or that is how I drew him to me initially, with my pain. I see it now. I think I did a LOT better. I totally should NOT have talked to him about my “woman issues”. I was so – worried and I just wanted someone to tell me it was going to be ok. I didn’t really want… I just wanted… I should have talked to someone else. I just wanted to keep it light and I sabotaged myself.
