Ummm...oh yeh you know jimmy?.....yeh u do...Jimmy....the guy who lives downstairs from me....no?....well you obv hasvent read my previous posts.....well anyways he has be doing some general gardening on his little patch at the back of our flats....well yesterday he was out their banging and crashing around...i wasnt taking any notice until i heard this almighty crash....followed by ' Oh My Goddddd Jimmmyyyyyyy...Are You Ok?.....' So i ran onto the balcony to see what had happened....and somehow he had tripped over and gone head first though his brand new shed.....well needless to say i was nearly on the floor laughing haha......Poor Jimmy
Running Teams can avail of the following promos. Register 5 participants and you get to register 1 more runner for free. A team of 9 members registering for the event can register 3 more runners for free.
To make filling:
Therese Adams
Upon examining this subject I have become aware of the formation of ‘factions’. I am not sure if they realize the existence of each other. Simply because I think I am the only one who looks at it this closely; most ‘reasonable’ people write it off as a conspiracy theory, and never give the subject a second glance. According to my observations, two major factions exist; you have a anarchist type movement, with no religious base, and then you have the constitution/god movement, which is completely religious based.
At this point Johan was staring through the doorway into the darkness beyond. He began to feel a cold sweat forming on his forehead. He decided to pull Allen away from the doorway, though it was one of the most unpleasant tasks he’d ever assigned to himself as the cold sweat turned into a positive chill and he began to shiver. Pulling the man from the door, Johan rested him against a crate, still staring horrified down the long dark corridor.
When your company is preparing to approach large clients, there are several factors that need to be taken into consideration. Let’s start by briefly evaluate three paths your business may be on and discover what it takes to get on the path to success, attracting the big fish.
The Doctor and Turlough meet a cute American girl in Lanzarote and the Master has yet another cunning plan (this time subject to the law of diminishing returns).
Last week I got a massive haul of KleanColor nail polish. I found a seller on eBay who was selling 24 bottles for $27 with your choice of colours. Steal? I wasn't sure about the brand as I'd never used it, but there were some interesting glitters that looked too good to pass up. Obviously, I went for it and now have so many glitters I don't know where to start first.
I write for freedom and justice! I write for peace and dignity! And I write on behalf of Bilal Diab, Tha’ir Halaleh, Hasan Safadi, Ja’far Izzideen and all Palestinian-hunger striking prisoners! More than 1500 Palestinian Prisoners have started a hunger strike demanding freedom and the right to live in freedom, dignity and peace.
Care: Air dry this cover if you can! It will prolong the life of the fleece and help it not to pill as much. Fleece will pill overtime. Again, this won't affect its performance, just the way it looks.
6pm: Hanging out with friends
USP: Latest album Paradise is a powerful fusion of Beach House-esque atmosphere and their debut’s She & Him-esque understated folkiness, but they’re darker than the latter and lighter than the former. NME dubbed Taylor the ‘funniest woman in indie’ in a review of their live show, which adds further personality to a live show which has been critically praised for its ramshackle, jokey quality (in their early days, they used to start gigs in the middle of the audience and end up on the street – which sounds reminiscent of the Pixies’ gig in-jokes like playing their set lists in alphabetical order).
The purpose of this post though is to discuss reading submissions. How do you teach someone in a very short amount of time to give you a reader’s report that will be beneficial? After close to ten interns, and a very productive lunch with an editor where we talked about interns, I came up with guidelines for how to write a reader’s report that I hope are helpful. And, because I thought you might be interested to see what we look for when reading your submission, I thought I’d share them with you.
Arriving at the dance she was beaming and excited. We found our friends and some of her friends from the neighborhood and school. Everything was back on course, well, almost.... It wasn't very long, three dances maybe, she told me we needed to go - fast!
It is the first smile on my face I have had all week. It was a delicious smile.;)
Even though I have a lot on my plate write now (puns!) I’m going to try and post updates here about once a week but who knows how that will work out.
The ocean every where you look. The mountains surrounding your every
Let’s look at the term “draw near”. It means to approach or to come near. There is no time of any given week that you can draw nearer to our great and wonderful God as in the time of Communion on the first day of the week. That’s why we are told in Hebrews 10:25, to “not forsake the assembling of ourselves together.” The main reason the charter members of the church assembled themselves together we’re told in Acts 20:7, was to break bread, to have Communion, to participate in the Lord’s Supper.
I loved taking my family and friends to see Santa. It makes me feel like a kid again to be there! :)
By understanding what needs are being met, you are able to readjust or refocus in order to regain your motivation and get out of the stuck place you are. Shift your focus now to some of your characters and answer questions about their needs and motivations. New possibilities and back stories will possibly present themselves whilst you are doing this process and you will free yourself of your temporary writers block.
10. Empty Glasses (La Grand, Wingfield) 1:51
I have been salivating for months, waiting for Tres Carnales to open, and last week I finally saw the Tweet I've been waiting for: Chris, Daniel and Edgar (aka the Tres Carnales) officially declared their Taqueria open for business. Hallelujah.
“Saved,” “received His Word,” “baptized,” continually devoted to these teachings and the fellowship, “breaking of bread,” and to the prayers, were those who had believed.
My prayers were answered. Hallelujah. I snuggle with Walker while the babies are snoozing.
2. Keep quiet and stay out of the turtle’s way.
As has been detailed here previously, these killings seem to have little to do with crime, as frequently no property is taken whilst the degree of torture and brutality involved would lead anyone, who is not completely blinded by their agenda, to conclude that what is taking place are hate crimes, and that a systematic genocide is taking place. An example earlier this year, was the murder of Mrs. Allice Lotter (78) and her 57 year old daughter Helen, which involved such a degree of torture and cruelty that it caused outraged protests amongst the Afrikaans community, albeit receiving virtually no publicity outside the local area.
Her white nails playing off her skin
Nov-30 San Antonio, TX AT&T Center On Sale Soon
Small bowl for collecting lemon juice
So, here's the printable recipe. Now make them, and enjoy! By the way, if if there are any left, you can microwave them for about 5 seconds. They become slightly warm and extra chewy. Mmmmm.
I cannot imagine the tears you must have shed
Particularly, Julian is writing in explication of sixteen visions she had of Jesus revealing something of himself to her. If her explanations include maternal imagery in conjunction with paternal imagery, I am not upset by it but appreciate what her revelations add to my understanding of God in the role of tender nurturer.
Ah, be not too gay; Temper thy joy:
A lot of fans wrote me, pointing out various mistakes and flaws in the info. That's fine; I was writing it from my own knowledge of the show, which is admittedly spotty, especially where the early Doctors are concerned.
The gauge bosons are super active in hyper space
Sunday I took advantage of the bulk of frozen blueberries in my fridge to whip up some banana blueberry pancakes for S. and I... they were gone before we had finished our first cup of coffee.
For Expectant Families
In spite of all the circumstances i've had in my life.... health issues, being hurt, and not feeling like i'm at that 'happy place' with my body or my health.... I have to choose to be happy.
I haven't had much time lately to do many projects, considering I'm a first time mom raising a 3 1/2 month old, but now that I'm starting to get a little bit of free time while he naps, I decided to do a couple projects the other day. I love painting but I am NOT an artist by any means, so I just painted a couple with words on them. I love words! They're all over my house.
Love chooseth not
AL-ASIRI CONNECTION
The zakat defenders are still out there claiming that there have been “no convictions” of Islamic charities. They ignore the Holy Land Foundation convictions, the racketeering conviction against the CEO of Benevolence International Foundation, the successful deportation hearing against the founder of Global Relief Foundation, and convictions of Islamic American Relief Agency leaders.
Help a brotha out, man. He’s against the bill because there’s already too many damned beer names to keep track of.
Babygirl and Hubby drove the 150 mile round-trip through that snowstorm to the local kidney center for blood work this morning. The good news was, of course, that we didn't have to drive the 380 mile round-trip to CHOP in that same snowstorm. The local trip can be finished by 11 AM. The CHOP trip starts the night before and gets us home by about 3 PM. We are currently looking at one CHOP (Monday AM appointment) trip and one local (Thursday AM lab draw) trip each per week. Hubby and I are taking turns, so I'll be heading back to Philly on Sunday afternoon.
To compare and contrast we need to know what they are.
We love these at our house! You can put one wrapped in foil in the slow cooker to warm on a Saturday morning for a quick Saturday afternoon lunch!
I waved my hand in front of the paper towel dispenser, and it made its loud WHIRRRRRRRRR noise as it spit out slightly more towel than I needed.
Some chap had the ball in our half then sent a ball over the top to their lone striker, Brown haired Louie. When the ball was passed the Frenchie was clearly offside. Koscielny wanted to anticipate it but the ball somehow found its way in Saha’s path. The low drive he sent goalwards beat Szszsz and we were trailing.
There are many things that I am currently in the process of planning or getting ready. Most are positive and, even at times, exciting. Things like starting school this fall. I can’t wait to see what Graduate School will be like. New classes, new ideas, feeling like my ideas matter again. And thinking further down the road to when this degree may be my way of “growing up” and doing what God has put a passion on my heart for.
Here is the brand new long awaited image called Toot Toot!!
Mainstream
My cake schedule usually looks like this.
Symptoms: Holy Braxton Hicks contractions! No matter how much water I drink, which position I’m in, how “easy” I take it – I get the suckers. Sometimes my stomach feels as hard as a rock for hours it seems. After a couple of days of this, I was about to call my OB, but yesterday I hardly had any BH contractions at all, so hopefully it was some weird fluke this past week. It’s probably my body just spazzing out over last weekend’s festivities. It’s pretty frustrating when you get them just from walking to the couch to your bed. I had them pretty bad with Anna, too.
It had just the right amount of humor to it.
I MADE IT!
the worst days, it is a monster inside that we didnt know we could be.
From there you can follow the road beside the poo-ponds (water-treatment reservoir) past the pony-paddocks to Rosedale Road. This a busy stretch of tarmac in the weekend with softball, hockey and football matches in progress, but a series of speed-humps keeps the cars restrained to some extent.
Whilst I'm here, I just want to draw your attention to this super cool sentiment. It is a fabby one from one of the Inkadinkadoo sets that the fabulous Tracy at Dies to Die For has. This particular one is unfortunately out of stock but there are plenty of others to choose from :o) You can find them all HERE and some are even reduced......!
And that’s it for this month. I’m now going to relax, after I’ve done stocktaking tomorrow and handed in my assignment.
8. Belt, $3.99
An 8.2% cut to higher education support calls into question how long the Welsh Government intend to keep their promise of lower tuition fees in Wales. The simple act of abolishing tuition fees in Wales for all students would likely save the Assembly money; but Education Minister Leighton Andrews' turn toward the market means that, like in Tory-run England, university students studying in Wales will pay more and get less once again. Funding to improve workers' literacy and numeracy has been cut in half, as has money for the poor to access post-16 education. Anticipating this slashing of support for education, students from half of Wales' universities have organised a demonstration and All-Wales Student Assembly against education cuts on the 21st and 22nd of October.
I also tried the other side and could do them as well! I couldn’t believe it…I spent the rest of the session trying to land as many as I could, and then again the next day. Everybody at Safari Lodge was so supportive and excited for me, it felt awesome to achieve a personal challenge and conquer new fears.
Now for the second thing... if you have been reading here for a while now you know I have a huge interest in photography... well... I pretty much disappeared from that blog too... BUT it is a huge passion of mine and definitely something I would like to branch out to and see where it takes me. I still have my photography blog... and that blog will be my full time "main" blog instead of You and Me Plus Three. Basically... I have "too much" going on on the Internet... ha! I need to eliminate some things to allow more time to do the things I enjoy most (spending time with my family).
At the moment we know that the SA Navy has lost almost 80% of their technical staff since the ANC took over and implemented their racist Affirmative Action policies.
The meadow flowers lean in to worship and adorn
I have been working hard on taking better pictures. Slowly, but surely. I was so excited when these workshops opened up. I took the Photography 101 and even though I felt like I had some of the basics down, I felt like maybe I had been going about it all wrong.
Gene Clark - White Light - 1972
3) There are some jobs for which my earth friendly, so natural you could drink it, distilled vinegar spray cleanser, just doesn't do the job. The chemicals found their way back into my life for a brief moment. You will be glad if you ever come over.
Gray paints the sky
Mystery object shows up on RADAR and also the HAARP ring forecast.
There was a lot of rejoicing when he called me from Fargo to deliver that news! He is feeling well this week, which unfortunately means he is almost ready to go back for another round of chemo.
Final
Hahahaha B’lore is so much fun.
I finally get a massage on Thursday after waiting since before April.........my massage person is undoubtedly amazing and everyone wants to go to her! I have 3 booked from here until July 9th! I decided heck, get them on the books now!
Moving on to aerodynamics, the text takes a simplistic approach to explaining aero, but there is an interesting illustration of the cars downforce distribution front to rear. This does highlight the downforce created by the wings and diffuser, but also the kick in downforce at the leading edge of the floor, but this is not adequately explained in the text. Mention is made of the front wing and the flexing that RBR deny, this is explained with a simple illustration showing the deflection test. The driver adjustable front flap, which was legal during 2009-2010 seasons, is explained, in particular that the wing was hydraulically actuated. When I understood that in 2009, only Toyota used a hydraulic mechanism over the electric motor system used by all other teams. In trying to explain the nose cone, the text and an illustration show a high nose and low nose configuration, but does not remark why one is beneficial over the other.
So you live from day to day, and you dream about tomorrow, oh.
…And I’ve got this poem. I wrote the notes for it while I was living in Barcelona. One night listening to a bass player, I jotted it down, and last week I finally got round to working on it. Only about 4 years later. I so need a permanent home! I also started working on a melody and have done several recordings. It isn’t yet a song, but I love it and want to share it. It’s something new I have to say. So here it is.
So we left Davinci at the vet this afternoon for his procedure and picked him up early evening, and $900 later. He's not as out of it as we thought he'd be, which is good, but he's clearly in pain from the surgery. He's sitting here whining and there's nothing I can do. Helpless. Poor little guy has stitches so has to wear that stupid cone. Since we're home and watching him like a hawk we took it off. I don't know what else I can do to make him more comfortable. He's not going to be a happy camper when it's time for bed and has to go back on.
The greatest of human actions will appear to be insignificant when we come to die, and especially those upon which men most pride themselves —these will yield them the bitterest humiliation. We shall then say what madmen we must have been to have wasted so much time and energy upon such paltry things. When we shall discover that they were not real, that they were but mere bubbles, mere pretenses, we shall then look upon ourselves as demented to have spent the whole of our life and of our energy upon them.
friends.
"I Drink Alone" by George Thorogood
Confronted by these facts, we can hardly avoid the conclusion that the heavy task laid upon the American Negro, after liberation from slavery, has proved too much for him, and that this people, considered as a whole, is slowly but surely tending to revert. Seized and transplanted unwillingly, forced sharply into new and severely exacting habits of life, held for a time in this condition of strain, and then suddenly released, the Negro finds it surpassingly difficult to suppress the hereditary instincts that do not harmonize with American social organization.
It wasn’t only the regularly scheduled programs that produced much positive input; but literally hundreds of discussions over the tables engendered ideas for successful activities in the coming year.
I want to thank anyone that reads this - thank you. I know that prayer had a hand in getting me pregnant. And acupunture. I can't think of anything we did differently than that. Keep those prayers up that this is our take home in the cute outfit baby!
Except where are your skates?
He’s right, because it wouldn’t be the sensational story it is. There likely wouldn’t be puns and the fervor.
I can't pretend - I started to feel really bad for myself. I journal my feelings when I get really overwhelmed, and then read them back and reflect on what I've written, and where I've come - it's usually a rewarding thing to look back and see progression of self through the years, and how I've grown from the curveballs that life has thrown my way (some self inflicted, some not).
They employed humour - they did something very unexpected, that made people laugh
Gertrude would have a main meat dish with sides of vegetables—always potatoes included. On her stove would be a BIG pot of greens of some kind, “cooked down real good.” Ummmm. And her green beans would be “cooked down,” too, with bits of bacon or ham and—yes, it’s true—seasoned with some of the bacon drippin’s (grease) she kept in a container on her stove, adding to it each time she fried bacon. Listen, you youngsters, everyone, including my mother, kept a silver metal drippin’s container on their stove to use for seasoning back in those days.
We do not recommend you try to fit your submission into what you might think the gallery is looking for.
After remembering how much fun I used to have roller skating I started thinking about the fact that I should buy myself a pair of skates so that I can start it up again. One of my ultimate “that would be awesome” fantasies is to join a roller derby league. Of course, I’m getting older and I’m not sure I could Whip It like those ladies do, but it’s fun to dream. Plus, I don’t get any broken bones or bloody noses in Dreamland (on the rink things might be different).
Atos they really do care though.....I read that somewhere, on their website I suppose.....but many people up and down the country are unhappy with the treatment they have recieved from ATOs, who have been shown time and time again to be making huge numbers of flawed decisions, part of the growing misery for profit culture that we are getting from David Cameron's we definitely are not in it altogether government...... so it's a shame the BBC has been silent, but hey, their licence is up for renewal, and they want to bury bad news .... friend went for appeal theother day.... the assessment was over in less than 30 minutes! He didn't say much.... just nodded...... he was so bloody frightened, in 2010/11 their were 127,000 ESA tribunals...... working out at 350 per day..... of these, 47,600 were successful, ie, the client won! That's 37%, or 130 per day.... that's the numberof times ATOS have got things wrong.http://www.justice.gov.uk/downloads/statistics/tribs-stats/annual-tribunals-statistics-2010-11.pdf It would be nice to see the BBC reporting details like this.... but their probably scheduling a programme on stereotypical benefit cheats or lovely police people with smiley cameras. Oh and its's goin to get far worse George Osbourn has also mentioned that a new Comprhensive Spending Review would be tasked with finding between £10-11bn more savings in Welfare spending so a lot more work for ATOS or whoever is the scrupulous!! profitering operator by then, anyone heard of Serco http://www.serco.com/, such quality, the wonderful principles they bring to the world ...... think I've worn myself out, and will have to go for lie down, but even though the government does not care and the BBC is playing it safe...... their are good folks out their, who offer a bit of hope.... this link is particularly useful .... ever tried ringing ATOS.... it will take you quite a while....http://www.benefitsandwork.co.uk/home ..... Oh and ATOS if you're watching no malicious intent, just some honesty.
“You’re a talentless hack and you have no clue,
5 Turn My Back on Yesterday 5:04
People rightfully think that it'd be foolish to put your entire life savings on the outcome of a football game. Why would you gamble your faith on one?
Liam is aware of this Big Lie, and he is aware of the Bigger Truth. He is aware that it is *his* fantastic ability to learn, his desire to learn, his ability to decipher and reason and retain and inquire and ponder...all these things are to his credit and no one else's. He is aware that this is true not only for himself but for everyone, only most folks in our society don't get to live in the light of that reality as he does. This awareness is so much more empowering than the ability to read or calculate alone.
But first, a confession.
Me: Mom please stop crying, I pleaded!
There are lots of contrasting interpretations about this play. There are lots of differing opinions as to " what it's REALLY about"....as the story weaves itself around characters who inhabit ( or visit or HAUNT) a country house called Bly.......
No matter how you choose to celebrate, just be sure to take some time this year to commemorate one of the best writers in the English language. His creations continue to haunt, amuse, and inspire us to this day. Mr. Dickens, we are truly in your debt.
Challenge
He pulled her up, shoving her behind Riley’s dad, nearly knocking over the glass coffee table. He
The original Greek translation of the word Church means the called out ones. The English version means “dedicated to the Lord. Commonly used to refer to a holy place or temple, it typically implies a sacred building or temple.
Wendie
Jenna laughed loudly.
Sue Purkiss writes:
Please allow me to pay a tribute to your great contribution to strengthen nuclear safety and security. The current Nuclear Summit in Seoul is no doubt greatly benefiting from the high-level meeting you convened last September.
When you see Erin's spaces today, you will see exactly where I am going with this!
Overall I am very happy with my fitbit. I think it is really going to help me want to move more. I enjoy looking at how active I have been throughout the day just by pushing a button on the device. When I am at work it makes me happy to see that I have walked a lot or it shows me that I need to move more. It's a great tool and now I can't wait to combine it with the Lose It site so that I can accurately track my calories eaten and calories burned.
Mil desculpas por abandonar o blog assim. Mas ja comecei os trabalhos de reupar tudo que esta fora e colocar mais um monte de coisas aqui... espero que acompanhem, gostem e comentem!
I ordered the Spaghetti Ragù and Neil decided on the Salmone Lenticchie, delighting ourselves with some nice white wine (Neil is allergic to the red one). The pasta was delicious – not too much sauce, well flavoured and spiced, how pasta should truly be. The fish was crispy and fresh, the beans were cooked well, all in all two thumbs up for the chef.
A peaceful resolution
So, when All Star Western was announced and whole "Jonah Hex in Gotham" came to light, I kinda held my breath, buy the books (they're JONAH HEX!), and make my decision later. Well, later is now.
9:00pm She makes me sit still through about 6 contractions while she did the epidural....PURE torture. Then she says, "It'll take about 30 mins to kick in!" WTHECK NO!!!! Luckily it began to work very quickly. I could still feel a lot, but the pain was so much more tolerable now. 15 minuets after I got it my Midwife checked me and I was an 8-9cm. WOW. My husband is watching these mondo contractions on the machine telling me they are peaking at the very highest, and that there is NO break between them. Boy I'm glad I can't feel that. I feel so much better, and so relived, yet I have a twinge of guilt for giving in.
9. Just for Love (a Race Horse)
-Ref calls for the ringside doctor while Bryan and the crowd chants YES…. Some no chants.
Today I had a very important meeting with a well-known Austin philanthropist in her lovely home, and there I was trying to look competent with my 10-year-old eyeglasses (my stylish, modern ones snapped in half about six months ago) and the pink eye. Oh, yeah, I'm looking good.
2 mechanism
Body Language 07
The thing that strike you, is although Jack and Ma were kept in captivity, the irony is that they were free to be themselves when their whole world was just them. Now that they are free, they no longer have the freedom to be themselves. They have to conform to the rules of society.
I only love monsters because they do not exist?
10. Stand (At The Burning Tree)
2. Muttley Dastardly LLP are a ‘plurality of Partners’ – this is why we “take on legal services’ rather than ‘takes on legal services’.
John Smeaton has some advice on what we can do in order to complain about Nitzchke's activity in the UK. I expect that, sadly, Paul will have been most likely a lone voice in the wilderness speaking out against the activity of someone who once, presumably, took the hippocratic oath.
Back to the meal. She Crab Bisque was the starter. absolutely awesome! The best She Crab Bisque I ever had bar none. I decided to skip the salad, but did have a hard time deciding what the main course would hold for me. Choices of fresh seafood, steak, or rack of lamb. I went with a little “Surf ‘N’ Turf” and choose Trilogy’s “Old School Favorites” – Two by Sea One by Land. Shrimp Tempura, Jumbo Lump Crabcake, and my Favorite, Filet Mignon. They accommodated my request to blackened the Filet, other than that I had the meal as is, as in awesome!
So strained in his ongoing battle with the world
Soyabeans are extremely rich in proteins, we do make quite often sabjis and sundals with this healthy legumes..But somehow i didnt tried them in making vadas,few days back i tried making this super crispy vadas by combining both split green peas and soyabeans together.They turned out quite addictive, super crispy,for my surprise both greenpeas and soyabeans together worked out wonder in this vada..Enjoy this vadas for your snacks with spicy coriander chutney or simply with coconut chutney. I deep fried them as am trying this combination for the first time in case if you want to give a low fat version just prepare them by using the appe pan,am damn sure that they will tastes simply prefect as the deep fried ones. Sending to my own event CWS-Soybeans guest hosted by Anu & to SYF & HWS Series-Fennel seeds guest hosted by Kaveri,event by Anu.
Vosges Haut Chocolat has been the pioneer of combining creamy chocolates with sophisticated flavors like sweet curry, wasabi, and pumpkin seeds. If you're a foodie, you and your loved one will savor every bite of these unexpected flavored truffles. Pair Vosges chocolates with wine or cheese to spice things up even more. And an added bonus..Vosges’s signature packaging is so special that any gal would feel lucky to get their treasured purple box!
About a month later, my husband sat on the bed and the board broke off. We were so grateful this was not during the night. We tore the bed apart and put one hundred (not really that many) screws in the board to hold it together. We were impressed and thought it should do until we could get a new board.
So, before my mind dissolves entirely into mush, let me quickly talk a little about flavour - because alcohol is by no means the only thing that this excellent ale is packed with. The deepest, richest and most vivid flavour themes are at work here.
♥ ice cream!
On a personal level, I know that my heart is often moved to help others on their journey, especially those who have been a blessing to me.
Lightly grease 2 baking sheets or line with parchment paper or foil.
This is what separates a wanna be writer from a real writer in my humble opinion. It’s relatively easy to get that first draft under your belt. The hard and fun part of writing is editing and honing your story until it gleams or until, if you have to read it one more time, you will violently hurl.
This is my latest song. Still working out the music that goes with it.
Then, a graphic appears on the screen.
= as low as $1.44 each wyb 5
Me: "Yeah. What's wrong?"
Plan ahead and take advantage of the savings made simple at Sam’s Club. Your wallet - and your local school - will be thanking you! To learn more about the Box Tops for Education Program and how you can help contribute to your school, visit http://www.boxtops4education.com/.
Oct, 29th/30th: West Lake Music Festival / Hangzhou (CH)
But there’s absolutely no evidence that Nifong did present the photo array in this manner, and certainly nothing in Gottlieb’s description of his grand jury testimony suggests that Nifong acted to ensure that the grand jury “members fully understood the inherent limitations of the identification procedure used.” What evidence does the city’s brief present in this regard? “The officers ensured that the entire procedure was videotaped so that its inculpatory and exculpatory aspects could receive a full and fair vetting after the fact.” The brief makes no claim that the tape was presented to the grand jury, or that Nifong, Gottlieb, or Himan explained the ID process violated Durham’s lineup procedures. Therefore, by the city’s own argument, agents of the city (Gottlieb and/or Himan) deliberately presented “misleading” testimony to the grand jury. Why the city would have bothered to make such an admission is unclear.
And question what sort of education do we want. Need. Can we incorporate our persuasive writing in a more natural way - when the need for it pops up in real life? As a letter to the editor of our local paper. Am I only pushing this because of a case of the "shoulds" - because they have said they want to do NAPLAN exams, I am stressing because the writing component (their weakest link) is persuasive writing? I mean, really, who cares?
I suppose it's my interpretation of vintage anyway :0)
Recent cases have highlighted how careful employees need to be when using social media – at home, and at work. If you make offensive or negative comments you risk your employer’s reputation and can jeopardise your own position.
perhaps I've been in the Caribbean for too long.... but I still love to rock a Maxi dress.
After Sam was adopted, they gave me Tiffany. She was my second special needs orphan and I have to say, quite possibly my favorite. I don't know if favorite is the right word. Its just that even though I never met her, I somehow felt like I knew her personally. I prayed for Tiffany more than any of the others, so perhaps that's why i felt a deeper connection. Tiffany had an inoperable heart condition. I guess I knew from day one that Tiffany wasn't going to be mine for long. I prayed that she would find a home at Shepherd's field and that she would be happy, and experience the love and joy of God during her short life. No doubt she did. Tiffany met her Heavenly Father in November of 2009. How cool to be a part of a life when they get to meet the one who connected us in the first place.
our sons’ outgrown t-shirts,
I still need to unload the dishwasher so the rest of the dirty dishes can go in.
However it may have to go in a few days when I'll be in Morocco, which I have been dreaming about for quite some time !
Our dear and talented Heidi is even a staff writer for Scrapbook News and Review!
Jon's Random Acts of Geekery has bestowed on Retrospace the "One Lovely Blog Award". A big thanks to Jon, who runs a "lovely" blog himself. I'm supposed to pass it along to ten more blogs. So, this time I'd like to recognize those bloggers who, not only have great blogs, but regularly comment on Retrospace. I'm sorry that I don't have enough time to reciprocate and comment on their blogs much, but that's just the way things are right now.
him run off around the corner on his own is mindboggling.
time at home.
Rock Hall spokesman Todd Mesek says Green Day members Billie Joe Armstrong, Mike Dirnt and Tre Cool will induct Guns N’ Roses at Saturday’s ceremony at Cleveland’s Public Hall.
2 ¼ cups (315 g) flour
In front of the stage there was a little area where they let the kids dance to the more upbeat songs. It was like a little mini-moshpit. It was a whirl of light and color -- and Emma (the blue blur) led the way into the fray every time.
Looked up her father’s name in the phone book and… miracles of
struggling in mind to ask,
I was born out of the womb of feminism, back in 1970. And ever since then I have been told it is the only way to look at men, women, and gender relations. It took me forty years, but I finally realised it's not the only dogma in town. And Suzanne Moore once said in the Guardian that she is a feminist because 'men do horrible, horrible things'. Which I think is a bit mean to men. I'm not a troll (whatever that is). I am just someone who annoys the media establishment. And takes some pleasure in that.
No one wants to be seen with their family in pieces. No one wants to admit that their happy little marriage is falling apart around them. Nobody ever wants to look like a bad Christian and admit that their walk with Jesus has been seriously lacking. No one wants to look like they are completely clueless, because this might have just come out of left field. No one wants to be judged by others, because LORD knows… you will be judged. Nobody wants to lose people in their life because others feel weird around you now that this has come out. Nobody wants to deal with all the opinions and advice coming at them while dealing with something that is already too much to process. Lastly, nobody wants to hear, “You are so much stronger than I am, because I would have kicked my husband out on his ass.” People, someone who has just been told that the love of their life cheated on them doesn’t want to hear that… would you?!
~~~vibrating beyond the flesh is so much more potent than any stage performance could ever be for me right now…
Challenge 22: to post October 21
“The absolutely fabulous people at M&S will take your unwanted clothes to a shop called ‘Ox Farm’, or something like that I think, where they will be sold, and the profits will go to cha… to cha… hang on, I have it written down here somewhere… oh yes; to Char-ee-tee. And this way, we will no longer have to fire four million tons of unwanted clothes into space every year.”
276...God's mercy, new every morning
However, their responses were different following another principle based on career thinking: ‘It would be completely understandable if you left the lost cause of working with your current employer and find a different more worthy cause to work for’; and ‘Life is too short to waste doing something you don’t like. I don’t make light of the fact that career choices come at a cost, but sometimes the cost of staying is too high.’
I still thought I was fine. I'm glad she had enough sense to know I wouldn't be though. Her poor hand probably throbbed with pain by the time they were done. They went in seventeen times, and each time they would reposition the needle in the tumors TRYING to get something to biopsy.
See now here Brandon’s Wow my boots are SO damn darn sexy I just can’t look, it’s killing me. My Victims Girls and I call these Vibram Boots “Boot P*rn” and you may wonder why I’m leaving out the O, but it is because I dread the searches that might end up here because of that word. Trust me on this.
Second row:
… Hours of set-up, conferences and phone calls finally paid off with even more long hours of watching a grown man move magnets around the floor, stand stock still while swinging a pendulum over his hand and listening to albeit some great anecdotes about how his world has so many times “blinked” when he has experienced what he calls the “vortex phenomena.’
That said, when did pretty shoes become unprofessional work wear? At the end of the day my body is covered and I’m still wearing professional attire, so why should a fabulous high heel shoe be deemed inappropriate?
My BIL said I did not have to do anything this drastic to get them all together or, to lose more weight...LOL hehehehe
September 25 – San Francisco, Lindley Meadow in Golden Gate Park
A simple paradigm shift will spare you the manipulation and avoid mediocrity. It is not a quick fix but it is always effective.
I could see how difficult it must be for the government to do these negotiations where anything that they do for the country will be termed as sellout of the country by their political rivals. One of the interesting events in the book is still very clear in my mind. Prime minister of Canada is planning to make a speech in parliament and he is continuously observing the press gallery. At certain time when most of the press people are ready to leave for giving feed for prime time news, he gets up and makes his point thus making sure that it will cover all headlines in TV across the country. Simple but effective strategy.
____________________________________________________________________________________
Hi. Has everything here ground to a permanent halt? What are the hopes of getting to the finishing line?
Today my sisters and I went to a concert at my university. The concert was Secondhand Serenade and Parachute.
Happy Monday, sweets! How was your weekend? We had a dark and rainy one, which was perfect for laying low, but not so great for my potential Pinterest Challenge project! Paper mache, plaster and clay require a particular environment, you know! (Have I piqued your interest? Fingers crossed it works out.)
The New York Times laid it on thick the following day, reporting, '"The Almighty put snow on the tree to make it prosper," said an old lady who hobbled along in crutches.'
and they remembered that God
: The fraction of Cambodian prostitutes who say they were coerced into the trade (see also “1.5%” below).
McKenna was looking at Christian's Lego magazine the other day and there was a picture of the new Legoland park in Florida. McKenna gasped and said "Is this place alive?? I really hope it's alive so we can go there." Don't worry her brother was quick to correct her and tell her that she should say "real" instead of "alive."
Estelle said before the concert that it will be filled with emotions and it was.
Here comes The Funky Funkasaurus, Brodus Clay, and he of course has Naomi and Cameron at ringside.
new opportunities.
Before I taste it myself, I’ll add that the online reviews for this particular wine are pretty good. Quite a few people state that it has the qualities and taste of a much more expensive wine, which is good, because I cringed at the mere $15 this bottle cost….
‘fracking produced water’ ‘farting cock up rewarded’
289 No, fly me, fly me, far as pole from pole;
“Rawrrr… Cheese monster!”
The Saturday "Mystery Day" coordinated by Rosemary Harris brought in so many mystery writers it would be difficult to list them all. It was great fun catching up with old friends and meeting (and making) new ones. I was delighted to meet Julie Smith, whom I've loved reading for more than 20 years (she must have won her Edgar when she was 12!).
The last years I really detested it, because everyone thinks of carnival when they see cosplays around here... and you get really tired of it, when everyone screams that after you, when you're on your way to a convention..
Echoes Of The Past begins a bit after the events of “At The Gates” and past readers will know how it ended, so the reader is immediately clued into what is happening and the most primal of mysteries about this series is given a resounding answer, namely what happened that lead God and Lucifer to have a sit-down and then disappear to unknown places. Readers clamoring for an answer will get the desired explanation and then we get to see Frank as he returns to his home however another nasty surprise awaits him and this time it’s the government. And that’s just the beginnings of his troubles as remnants of the war to topple heaven make their way towards Frank as do alien entities that have previous connections to his lineage. This book basically deals with a lot of revelations and answers for Frank and the reader and finally the author manages to end the book with a cliffhanger that manages to upend the one featured in Resurrection. This book will leave you utterly hanging and clamoring for book V.
are developing freindships that could possibly last a lifetime!
What I DO care about is that my triglycerides are way lower than they were 2 years ago. The nurse practitioner even asked me what I was doing to get that number down! I told her about Primal Blueprint, and she said she was going to Google it when I left. :D
"Weird," the burly guy to my right said.
Last week, the annual Awards Night was also held at the High School, where miss Maddison was awarded with 2 awards for Academic Excellence in both English and Business, and an Award for Academic Excellent in a range of subjects. Basically, that means top of the class in English and Business and A's in everything else. Sorry for indulging in a little shameless bragging... but I just have to!! :) So proud.
Google Begins Penalizing Search ‘Over-Optimization’ – Google is making a change to its search algorithm to penalize what the company’s head of Web spam called “over-optimization” and instead favor websites with high-quality content and less refined search-engine optimization.
but there is a symphany
Me: sends icon of heart.
I also insert a little pencil (took from the last trip to Semeraro LOL).
David C Robertson has spent most of his life in Edinburgh working in education, with more than 20 years’ experience as a primary head teacher.
Her face made me click. It was around the time of the life changing events Japan faced last year. She looked sad. Of course I admired the outfit, style of a rebellious love angel. I decided to save her picture because she just pulled at my heart strings.
Here is the base wired
10- The Gift" - 5:36
their food comes from. For example, a green house will be started with
“The children spend long afternoons flipping mesmerized through picture books, tracing words with their fingers, asking for definitions or explanations. The library has become a place that not only creates a love of reading, but offers and inspires an interest in English, the national language of this still newly independent nation, and an awareness of a world outside the hostel walls.
This is total bunk. Human beings are born free. No one comes into this world owing anybody anything, especially by some complete accident of birth.
I carried the laptop back over to its roost. The lights were extinguished. Perhaps sexytime would start again, after Thor/Zeus/Quetzalcoatl had rudely interrupted earlier. As I was returning to bed, it happened.
TIP: Because of the Xbox's concave shape, I had some carving to do! To carve out the concave shape; I baked two rectangular pineapple cake and placed cream cheese filling between the layers. I then used a stencil of the Xbox shape that I created on my computer to cut the cake into the correct shape.
LDL Cholesterol: 114
It is a fact, homeless children change school 3 to 4 times in one year. Many times their things are left behind, or they are stolen. It is my goal, as The Backpack Lady, to provide new backpacks and school supplies to homeless children throughout the entire year.
Discuss your responses with your reading partners or share as a comment here. Please remember if you share here to include the title of the book and its author. Your “response” could prove intriguing enough that someone else would like to read the book as well.
But the amount is most likely far higher because prosecutors said they believed that Lend Lease conducted the practice for decades and that it extended to other companies. So, um, some $19 million, most of it tax money, was misappropriated? That's news.
Omaha, Nebraska- If a child burps during a church service, his or her parents may be arrested.
Perhaps it's about time I got round to recounting what happened back in August, when the Welsh hills were alive with the sound of music...
PHOTO: MIRO MAJCEN
Well, let us travel back in time to the mid 1970s (harps sounds, picture wobbles, sepia tones apply).
According to the WSJ, Italy’s ten year bond yields jumped 100 basis points above the much safer German bonds. To calm the markets, Italian Labor and Social Policies Minster Maurizio Sacconi said that cuts to the Italian budget would be approved within a few days as the government had a solid majority. Opposition politicians have stated they would not stay in the way of any austerity push.
At this point, the unemployment rate for blacks is double the rate for whites — about what it was at the time of the meeting.
Processing
05- Traccia 3.04
- The ugly 70s dress that ended mid calf: 15cm off the length gave it a new lease of life.
Being mean is being mean, no matter how you do it. Don’t ask if it’s funny. Ask if it will make someone unhappy.
And this is true for folks who may be thin as a rail!
Seven black suits that took her
We have been very busy trying to work out a fairer charge for the postage based on size, so if you only want 1 stamp it makes it more affordable.
I hope if you have never subscribed to this magazine, you will take my advice and subscribe now. Seriously, consider it an early Christmas or birthday present for yourself. This is the kind of thing that keeps on giving, and giving, and giving...unto the next generation. Don't take the potential benefits of a bit of sound homeschool advice and a Godly influence lightly. Sometimes the simplest things make the largest difference.
Listen to your inner
Twenty-four hours later and Senna accelerated away but Prost got the better start and took the lead. Senna looked for a gap on the inside of the first corner that disappeared quickly. Contact was inevitable and the McLaren and Ferrari disappeared into a cloud of dust. The outcome of the 1990 FIA Formula One World Championship had been decided in a matter of seconds in such sad and distasteful circumstances. It was a second title for Senna but bittersweet. Only at the same event a year later, with Balestre gone and replaced by Max Mosley did Senna admit that he deliberately ran Prost off the road in 1990. His will and desire to win couldn’t be faulted but in attempting to knock another car out on purpose was a hideous crime, which on a normal UK road would land you with at least a driving ban and possibly a jail sentence.
First up, the North Carolina Secretary of State’s Corporation Search. From here, you can get annual reports from North Carolina companies, which will help you find when they were incorporated and who their directors are. You could also go fishing for a story by searching the companies created or dissolved in the past month, by county.
While many of the craft brewers were good at making beer, some had problems with consistency and scale. Others were good brewers but not good business people. Still others simply succumbed to competition. The result of all this being that the market started to get stale again. The other issue was geographic. I live on the East coast and most of the interesting brewing was happening on the West coast. Oh, there were still good beers, but nothing like the craft brewing heyday. All of this left my heart to wander.
El’ Smit: Congas (“Just Wanna Make Love To You”, “Don’t Worry Baby”), Octobans (“Voodoo Dancer”), Tambourine (“Voodoo Dancer”)
More on royalties tomorrow.
The things you like
If Kiel will not sleep in his bed alone before Rich and I are ready for bed, he also can not come down to the family room. Therefore, the stalemate position is the staircase. He can’t get off the stairs, but we aren’t going to force him to his bedroom and make all of us miserable.
After a perfect dinner we walked a few blocks to The Upstairs and I finally got to see my drawings hung up in their wonderful group show. I also had an absinthe cocktail that was outrageously delicious. After our drink we started wandering generally towards the hotel and came upon Cinerama where they just happened to be playing 2001: A Space Odyssey which I have never seen. Even though it was late we decided to go for it. It doesn’t hurt that this place has chocolate popcorn.
During the fifty-year study period, the overall Maternal Mortality Ratio or MMR (the number of maternal deaths related to childbearing divided by the number of live births) dramatically declined by 93.8%, from 270.7 to 18.2 deaths per 100,000 live births between 1957 and 2007, making Chile a paragon for maternal health in other countries. ‘In fact, during 2008, the overall MMR declined again, to 16.5 per 100,000 live births, positioning Chile as the country with the second lowest MMR in the American continent after Canada and with at least two points lower MMR than United States’ said Koch.
This seems too Eurocentric, I think. Oh whatever. Most of it is guessing!
My fellow Pilgrims,
P.S. I bought a Kindle.
The image I used for my DT card is the adorable CC Design Sugar Plums Lil' Bug Emma rubber stamp! Scrap papers from Heidi Grace Design Cheerful Bee. I also used nestabilities Basic Circle and Fancy Tags. And the cute sentiment is also from the CC Design Itzie Inkies Stamp Set Bear Hugs. And I finish my card by adding some sewing, a button and a flower!
I have been decluttering to make some room because I have a new flatmate. A special flatmate. Luke has moved in with me. Yay.
What work! Jack was gone most of the weekend helping my mother with stuff at her house, so I had to keep the boys entertained while I went through the boxes. Every toy box we found they shrieked with delight. At one point I looked and there were Thomas the Train toys and matchbox cars everywhere! Gotta love the creation of a new mess while trying to clean-up another.
He watched all 89 minutes of Curious George II with this ensemble on. Including the glasses. That was this morning. Just as I left for my grocery run (literally) tonight, I walked into the living room to find Oliver ending the day as it had began. Legendary.
-Getting the "that's okay...it'll happen" to my response of "no" to the "are you married?"; "are you seeing anyone?"; or "do you have any children?"questions (maybe I should just say I am converting to Catholicism and then becoming a nun or buy a cabin in the woods and take up a trade)
Welcome, welcome. The time has come, to write another boring blog post for this boring blog. If you read that in Effie Trinket’s voice, I solute you. If not, please stop reading here.
Personally, I'm disappointed…it would have been nice to emphasise that for all the occasional geek-ery about carbon fibre frames and aerodynamic wheels, cycling remains one of the more democratic of pursuits: all you need is any old bike, a stretch of road and knowing how far and hard you want to push yourself. Is it really a ‘democratic pursuit’ when you are using, for free, a resource paid for and maintained by the efforts of others?
Mix all ingredients together... ...then divide equally into smaller bowls and add a couple of drops of different food colouring to each bowl to make the colours you want (red/blue=purple, red/yellow=orange, blue/yellow=green)
Fiction or delusion?
The training session on Wednesday resulted in me doing some video notating for a company that is currently archiving for Martha Stewart, there are thousands of video clips that need work and then there are at least three large-scale projects after that.
The Odyssey – Penelope – Greek, “weaver” – Hopefully people will address her without rhyming her name with “antelope.” Plus the name’s practically synonymous with fidelity. Yay!
I had forgotten about this. Oddly, I have been meaning to post about an old ice island called Drift Station Bravo, used for exactly these sorts of purposes, since the earliest days of BLDGBLOG (in fact, I mentioned Drift Station Bravo in a very old interview with Ballardian).
*He loves to be swaddle while he sleeps and I love the swaddle me blankets with the velcro so he will stay snug and tight with no escape.
I don't have very many serial numbered Bagwells so it was great to get this beauty. The front scan doesn't do the card justice as it looks so much nicer in person. I was expecting a couple of Bagwells but nothing this awesome.
Change is good.
OVERCOMING ENGINE FRICTION AND PUMPING THE AIR AND FUEL
June 1978
The simple fact is, most kids don't like to talk about personal stuff with adults, and they won't unless it's someone they're completely comfortable with. Some kids are lucky enough to have that kind of relationship with their parents, but unfortunately most do not. If they can't talk to their parents, who else do they trust? Their friends? Well, that might be okay if they happen to have friends who are unusually wise for their age, but they're much more likely to get bad advice that way. If they were comfortable with the guidance counselor, they would have gone to her. But they weren't, so they didn't - they came to me instead. Maybe it's because I come across as approachable, or non-judgemental, or easy to talk to (I've been told I'm all three). Or maybe it's because they know I've been around the block a few times and have the experience they need and can give them the advice they're looking for, or because I have a "gift" for talking with young people and finding ways to get through to them. Or maybe it's just because I spend the time and effort building relationships with them and getting to know them on their level, and that builds the kind of trust that's required for them to feel comfortable talking to me about their deepest feelings and biggest fears. Whatever the reason, they come to me for help - and now I'm supposed to send them away when they do.
No one said you should be all alone
After successful prostate surgery in April at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago by Dr. William Catalona, Lyke started to think about ways to reach as many men as possible with a message about prostate screening and PSA testing. That is when it occurred to him that one of the best ways to reach men is over a pint of beer.
Visits to Cornbelly's
This is something entirely different. Last week, including the 30 minute walk I took this morning before visiting my dad for his 61st birthday, I met my 300-minute workout goal. This included 120 minutes of strength training and 180 of cardio. I also kept up with my daily push-ups and crunches. While I haven’t taken new measurements, I can see more definition in my arms and feel greater strength in my core. I can also tell I’m ready to step-up the intensity of cardio, despite those pesky shin-splints.
Russell said, “Take a seat, Danielle.”
When I was a kid and needed to find a word that explained how I felt I couldn't find anything. Nothing. Nowhere. It was frustrating and confusing, and I expect many of us from that generation had similar experiences. From that to this....
Oh, one more surprise!
1/2 c. butter or margarine, melted
3) What is Zombie Tag's release date?
As early as 1831, F. C. Bauer (from the Tübingen school) suggested that there was a split within early Christianity. Based on 1 Corinthians, he understood that there were two major parties, a Peterine party (which included the “Christ party”) and a Pauline party (which included the Apollos party). Those that followed Peter claimed to be “of Christ” since their leadership had been followers of Christ in his earthly ministry, while Paul and Apollos did not know Jesus directly. The Jerusalem Christians were of the Peter division, a party that was unable to counter Paul’s argument for a gentile mission, but were not particularly pleased with it either. The opponents at Galatia were the radical elements of the Peterine division. The serious problem with this view is that it makes Peter the Judizing element in Galatians, despite his rather conciliatory speech in Acts 15.
(I'm using the term 'trail ride' loosely here, since we stayed on the road.)
Adapted from: Cooking Light
I will buy you a beer when I see you to say thanks for helping us get nominated for the cunning stunt award. But I don’t want you doing anything else. At this rate it’s only a matter of time before Michael fucking MacIntyre turns up covered in cock stickers shouting ‘Where’s the party?’.
Now it's Tuesday and Rich is waiting impatieently to see some stuff here in Bangkok so I gotta get showering. I promise I will post myriad pictures when I get back to Oslo...Thursday morning early early.
What about the heart change? It has transformed even more than my body. I hope to the casual observer that change is even more obvious.
Peel and cube sweet potato. Drizzle with a little vegetable oil. Roast at 400 for about 20 minutes or until crisp. You can put the poblanos in at the same time if desired (they will take longer, up to a half hour). Garlic takes little time to roast (maybe 8-9 minutes).
This week I've been at summer school in Cape Cod, learning from Chris Worley - one of the 'greats' in the field of OD (organization/al development) about sustainable management organizations. It was awesome.
Bella: "Whatever."
This is followed by Helen picking her attackers out of a lineup. The cop who helps her also informs Helen that they believe that the same gang killed everyone who had supposedly been murdered by Candyman. They hope that, with Helen's testimony, the Candyman killings will now be over and done with.
3. Browser seems more nippy
1 generous cup plain flour
In addition, Logos is the clear leader for studying in Greek and Hebrew on the iPad. Language resources are excellent in Logos, although for the best resources you will have to invest money in the library. For example, when you select a Greek word you are given the option to “look up” the word. This provides a brief gloss and the form is parsed. From this tab you can search for the word in the Greek New Testament or do a “word study.” This is a stripped down version of the desktop Logos Word Study. Since I own BDAG already, I am able to look Greek words up in this standard reference. If you have not purchase BDAG, then you will have to use another resource. The text of BDAG is identical to the printed version, all biblical references are tagged so that selecting a linked text opens a floating window with the text cited and the option to open the text in a full Bible. As in the desktop Logos version, all abbreviations are linked; selecting one will open a floating window identifying the appreciation.
Ham balls
Voters shall be the citizens who have completed eighteen years of age and met the conditions stipulated in the Election Law.
I am giving The Inbetweeners Movie a massive 7 Smurfs purely for the amount of laughs I got from the experience. Enjoy!
Tango is no different. I find myself watching the dancers I most admire and want to emulate them. This is one of the reasons I have historically had difficulty watching myself on video as I judge myself harshly when I don't look like so-and-so when I dance. I would also find myself evaluating others on their form relative to so-and-so. Then there is the "feel" factor, where I get feedback regarding how my lead feels compared to so-and-so and I try to adjust accordingly to closer emulate that feeling.
extras for the kids. And
Wear a Man-kini: You work hard for that body, so show the world what God blessed you with! Ok, so you have not hit the gym in a few weeks – but who cares? You have a natural physique that others will certainly admire at the beach. Well, maybe you don’t work out and you still opted for the second helping of apple strudel ala mode after a delicious Taco Bell dinner…again. Wouldn’t you be more comfortable with less fabric constricting your junk as it hangs out at the beach? Go ahead, you’re sexy dammit. Wear that man-kini with a fierce confidence usually reserved for those much younger and sexier than you. Then feel free to hit on anyone you deem worthy of your attention, they will be powerless in the presence of your man-kini.
were having a hard time getting together.
3.new generation
Chastity got to have Cher as a mom and be on TV every week at the end of the Sonny and Cher show.
Many happy returns to my big brother Marley (quirkily named so after the iconic and nattily hirsute reggae legend Bob).
That even though you acted out of Love,
I think the biggest question is this: Is Luck/RGIII ready to 1) take over a legend’s role on the team and 2) bring this team back from a bottom-feeder to a title contender?
6. whirl, whoa-whoa, wa-wul
I'm listening.
You can also participate in this workshop long-distance. If you choose to do so, just add $5 to the cost of whichever kit you choose for the extra shipping. I suggest if you are participating long-distance that you at least order the "Better Kit", and any stamp pads we are using that you don't already have. If you participate long distance, I am happy to stamp the items using stamp sets that aren't in the kit for you since you probably won't have the stamp pads and alphabet stamp (unless you order the "Best Kit"). That is my little gift to you if you participate long-distance.
OR, I've got a cheaper way to give to the Kids Company ('kids today'). Put the weekend of 10/11 December in your diary: go to Oxford/Regent Street for the West End VIP weekend: they're closing off the traffic, it's going to be absolutely MAGICAL: old fashioned Christmas, with carollers and revellers and by shopping you're donating, provided you use your Amex card.
Boy 2: If you would have just named them the same thing you wouldn't have to worry about it.
ordinances because of the Texas "axis of evil" -- Texas Humane Legislation
A boy in a small town who has a different way of seeing.
We've been making this dish for more than five years now, and we're always finding new ways to tweak it.
Some quotes that I found meaningful:
No one has time to be. The above-grounders squander their time with aristocratic pursuits like gaming and whoring; the workers, meanwhile, are broken on labour’s wheel; overloaded and exhausted; they trudge silently to and from their brutal shifts, heads down, clothes drab, hours spent. Like many of us, they have too many duties. Too many obligations, all marked urgent, immediate. The workers’ city is a gigantic cave in which great panels illuminate rows of apartment complexes. In the central square is an alarm bell. Not a monument, not anything inspirational. Not art of any kind. Something purely functional. These people must have a culture—even a prison camp does—but we never see it. And if there really is no joy, no life outside of work, what is keeping them down there, besides resignation?
just asking…
I’ve been trying to do the lipstick thing, and I try to put it on before I walk out the door…all the crazier colors get wiped off last minute because I’m not brave enough to wear them out yet. Here are two lipsticks I have been wearing an awful lot, though.
(Mind you – I’ve driven this so many Evil-Freaking-Times I normally make it there in my sleep.)
You can also read more about him and his story at helpgabriel.org :)
Today, 291 days ’til 40, I will strive to compose my blog entries earlier in the evening so as to not fall victim to sleepblogging.
falling fiery
I walk alone, and my heart is no more
I sail’d through the storm, I was refresh’d by the storm,
This series has been composed by Miriam Levenson, to whom the 1709 Blog gives its grateful thanks.
And I wound up doing voiceover this morning. It went well; I did my familiar take on the difference between ales and lagers (a hot jungle vs. a cold pine forest), the different malts in three of Stoudt's ales, and talked some more about hops. Meanwhile, John had re-edited the show, and there was now a LOT more beer in it, including some stuff from the first shooting we did back in May talking to Eddie Stoudt about bitterness in beer which was some of my favorite footage we did, and I was glad to see it back in. I actually like it better now: it's tighter, more focused on beer, and doesn't drag at all. Thanks, PBS.
5 The Economic Times on defaulters owing more than Rs 470bn. Defaulters of Rs 10m and above owe over Rs 470bn to banks and financial institutions as on March 31, 2011, India’s Parliament was informed on Tuesday. According to the list of people who defaulted over Rs 1om and above in payments to various lenders, a total of 4,102 defaulters owe Rs 475.94bn, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said in a written reply in the Rajya Sabha.
The basement play area
As she has done prior, Gaga again tribute late fashion designer Alexander McQueen. It’s vividly clear in the beginning of the video when she is giving birth that the scene was strongly influenced by McQueen’s final collection, which featured feathers, mock scales and faux wings.
All they do is drink and browse.
(The scene opens with Farmers and the Farm Kids talking about the growing season coming up. They are looking at a piece of paper with their plots drawn up and their plans.)
And that guy took my spot. Hello sir, I had my blinker on! Rude.
4. Grab a paper sack (like from Fred Meyer) and set it aside. Remove all of the plantains once they’re golden back into that empty bowl they were previously in. Here goes the actualtostonprocess. Place the hottostonbetween the folder sack and press it (smash it). Immediatley place it in the garlicky water. About three will fit at a time in the garlickly water.
Psalm 47: 1-2 says: Clap your hands, all you nations; shout to God with cries of joy. How awesome is the Lord Most High, the great King over all the Earth.
illusion tends to be 0% densely working
You thought you'd found a friend
Oh Mrs Coconut, you spoiled me! A gorgeous frock, a fabulous tapestry bag, vintage hair flower, scarf, London tea towel, beads, mirror compact, cute cat book, mini owl vase, AND sweeties for the kids. Now that's what I call a Parcel of Joy! Thank you so much, Melanie.
However, the most exciting finishing touches came in the form of curtains. I've mentioned before my mother-in-law's incredible sewing gift. She brought her "traveling sweat shop" to town and pulled an all-nighter with one goal in mind: properly dress every window in our home.
Cats are drawn to catnip as well.
03. Sugar Blues (C. Williams-L. Fletcher) 3:13
Act No. 671, as we have stressed, ended ex proprio vigore with the opening of the regular session of Congress on May 25, 1946. Acts Nos. 600 and 620 contain stronger if not conclusive indication that they were self-liquidating. By express provision the rules and regulations to be eventually made in pursuance of Acts Nos. 600 and 620, respectively approved on August 19, 1940 and June 6, 1941, were to be good only up to the corresponding dates of adjournment of the following sessions of the Legislature, “unless sooner amended or repealed by the National Assembly.” The logical deduction to be drawn from this provision is that in the mind of the lawmakers the idea was fixed that the Acts themselves would lapse not latter than the rules and regulations. The design to provide for the automatic repeal of those rules and regulations necessarily was predicated on the consciousness of a prior or at best simultaneous repeal of their source. Were not this the case, there would arise the curious spectacle, already painted, and easily foreseen, of the Legislature amending or repealing rules and regulations of the President while the latter was empowered to keep or return them into force and to issue new ones independently of the National Assembly. For the rest, the reasoning heretofore adduced against the asserted indefinite continuance of the operation of Act No. 671 equally applies to Acts Nos. 600 and 620.
Then there's the slightly more vague way of going about things; instead of explaining the exact science behind how something works, you shrug and say, "Nobody knows." Nobody knows why the zombies don't really feel pain - it just has to do with the mysterious mutation. Accept it; move on.
Day 1 went pretty well. I really thought at first that it would be so easy. I thought i was pretty patient, i mean, i homeschool 3 kids and don't yell a whole lot, i figured patience was my nature, but quickly i realized that I am more patient with the kids than my hubby?? who knew. I also thought that Beau would immediately notice and be overjoyed with my new found patience. Well he didn't really notice. We spent all day at the house and got nothing done. I like to get projects done on the weekend or go out and explore Colorado Springs, but Beau had a movie day in mind . It was much harder than I thought and once or twice the devil convinced me that if i continued this patience garbage we would become perpetual prisoners in our own home, a slave to the netflix. Well that didn't happen, i bite my tongue, i did not get my way, but i lived , the world is still turning and the sun rose again. He still has no clue im doing the love dare but maybe it takes patience more than one day to rub off lol!.
While spaghetti is cooking, heat large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the olive oil, swirling to coat the pan. Stir in the shallots, tofu and pinch of salt and reduce the heat to medium. Continue stirring every few minutes so the shallots and tofu get browned on all sides. Keep a close eye so they don't burn and reduce the temperature if they seem to be cooking too quickly. Once well-browned (approximately 15 minutes), turn off the heat and let sit while you are preparing the other ingredients.
It was the home’s first day on the market. As we got closer I couldn’t help but timidly get more excitedly. As we headed to the property I couldn’t help but notice that it wasn’t too far to our turn off (which was a good thing – the last home was pretty far from the highway). As we headed up the main drag looking for the turn off to our dead-end street I was pleased to see we were going up quite an incline (the higher up, the nicer the hood in Oakland apparently) and that the main drag had speed bumps to slow down joy riders.
Each Martello tower was built with a flat top, on which was mounted a single 24-pound gun on a rotating platform that allowed it to be turned through 360 degrees. But this Martello tower at Pevensey Bay is unusual in that it is topped with a later superstructure of glass and concrete. I looked at this and assumed, since the tower had obviously been converted for domestic use, that some architect of the 1960s or 1970s had added this rather purposeful construction on top, to provide some rooms reached by natural light, life in an otherwise almost windowless Martello tower being a rather dingy business. The addition looked for all the world as if the 1960s architect, in love with the “white heat of technology”, had wanted the upper part of the building to look like the top of an airport control tower.
So where was the last ‘S’? I eventually asked the record company and they confirmed it was meant to be on the ill-fated The Madness release, but licensing issues had arose. Since then, I’ve bought the CD/DVD version of The Liberty of Norton Folgate too, yet I’m still missing my ‘S’. And until that last Salvo double-set arrives, a section of CD rack at mine will bear the legend MADNES!
It could be said that Lee did help revive the character when in The Avengers #4, an issue that he wrote, the super hero team discovers a frozen Steve Rogers in the arctic. After thawing him out in the kitchen sink they put him to work by making him their new team leader. Welcome to the 60s Captain America! Now get to work.
and, of course, life as the wife of Ernest.
Meanwhile, Jeremy immediately ran to the Hagglesmiths lying on the floor in a heap, apparently unconscious. He found Janet and began tearing away at the rope knots binding her hands while trying to wake her up. Very groggily she came around, and opened her eyes blearily.
and in my arms,
I did a review of last year's festivities and it was a blast... and this time Andy gets to join. So it's bound to be tons of brilliant fun. So stay tuned for that.
Then the employers will know that by the end of the deadine we have given them our members will be ready to take further action if the offer is not good enough.
How many days have I missed out on a stellar blog post b/c I was stuck in the world of writer's block? Countless, I can tell you.
That part was really fun! I'd run around so she could spray me again and again.
iPad Case ($39)
The day is finally here that we have all been waiting for, I can now share with you all the First Sneak Peek of the second release for Uniko Studio clear stamps!!
Place under broiler until top is golden brown and bubbling. (Because I was cooking something else at 450 degrees, I cooked it at that temperature, and it was fine.) Serve immediately.
Someone asked me exactly what was it they said about me in high school? That conversation starter lead to many more interesting conversations.
2) Hershey’s character is having a really awkward conversation where Michael Caine is trying to tell her that he loves her and she throws out this spectacular non-sequitur: They have a large gay clientele where I get my teeth cleaned. All the hygienists now wear gloves. They’re afraid of AIDS.
In one scene a zoo elephant was being prepared for the delivery of her first calf. This was one tame elephant—they are so huge that they’d better be tamed. Her keepers were loving and attentive. They had trained her to submit to restraints, fearing that her domestic life away from the herd setting that nature had intended, had not prepared her well for delivery and motherhood. They were taking no chances for the baby. She was tied with heavy ropes at each leg, with enough room that she could comfortably move about some but also with several keepers at each rope’s other end, ready to restrain her further if needed. They simply did not know how she would react when her baby came.
‘With the tip of the blade, I traced up the backs of the fox’s shins and then around the bottoms of its ankles. I worked my fingers into the seam of sliced flesh, pulling the fur from shiny muscle until the swath was completely separated and hanging just below its tail…
"Christmas won't be Christmas without any presents!" So opens Louisa May Alcott's classic Little Women, Jo expressing what could be a surprisingly materialistic sentiment in a book that, if you're not in the right frame of mind, can come across as irritatingly preachy and twee. (Don't get me wrong, I do enjoy this book - most of the time. But if I'm not in the right mood, it can get on my nerves.) And, to give her her dues, I think it's more the tradition of exchanging gifts that Jo is lamenting, rather than just wanting more stuff!
In 1991, when I was living in north Cambridge, my phone rang one evening and it was Emeritus Professor Alfred inviting me to his home for a ‘talk.’ I had at the time written him for advice since I was interested in pursuing studies in medieval literature and had been accepted to both New York University and the University of Leeds. The address Alfred gave was ‘Thirty-One Athens Street.’
This is the third new branch for Bishop Lifting Products in the past year.
Another very technical solution, hot glue!
St George instantly shop into my Top 20 polish list - maybe even Top 10. It's that beautiful. I own nothing like it. Get it. Seriously!
Before too long I shall do a post about the farmer's sheepdog, Tip. Hopefully it will be accompanied by a few photographs. He is a tough dog and lives outside in the shed on a bed of straw. He is well protected from the weather but because he has never been indoors his coat is very thick and keeps him warm. Of course, he can't come in because he has never been house-trained.
I put a call in yesterday (Friday) to the oncologist I saw back in 2010 after the biopsy results came back. I wanted to be sure that I had the right information about Phyllodes tumors and that everything that could be done had been done, so I went to see him even though the surgeon told me it wasn't necessary.
Whitaker
These turned out really well. I think if you take out the almond extract that would bring out the rose pouchong flavor even more. Apologies for the rubbish picture-will work on this. With toppings by Eve.
Lara Hudson again! This particular DVD is one of my top faves. I love the exercise sequences she came up with using the ball. Just make sure the ball you're using is the right size for your height! The ball I had was too small and that made it so hard to stay on the ball or do the exercises correctly, so I promptly went out and bought the right size! Here's a link to help you see which size is right for you. This DVD is challenging and fun, just like a workout should be, right? :)
The below words are words that are taken from Timothy M. Warner's book, 'Spiritual Warfare.' In the coming weeks I hope to share with you all my take on Spiritual Warfare as it certainly pertains to my life and how I see it affecting things around me.
“ Fish tacos have slaw.
The next morning, Marie and Bernard – along with several lawyers, attended an enquiry in which she was told that both she and Bernard would be deported for 'moral turpitude' and held on Ellis Island until the ship 'Olympic' sailed back to England on the following Saturday.
This post was suppose to go up on Thursday, but when does blogger do exactly what it is suppose to do. It always seems to be temperamental for me when I'm not feeling my best.
I'm not pleased with how Clint and Callie's relationship turned out. Again, I shan't spoil you, but bah.
I’ve already talked about consumer education before and how they extend communication beyond the tag lines/copies on ads. Brands should revolutionize not just their communication but their interaction with the consumers. Work with them and recruit them as ambassadors. The recruitment must be based on genuine belief in the brand and not some bogus endeavor. These types of efforts never last anyway and end up hurting the brand in the long run.
The idea that I meant to convey, was, that I did not believe that the Lodges of Free Masons in this Country had, as Societies, endeavoured to propagate the diabolical tenets of the first, or pernicious principles of the latter (if they are susceptible of separation). That Individuals of them may have done it, or that the founder, or instrument employed to found, the Democratic Societies in the United States, may have had these objects; and actually had a separation of the People from their Government in view, is too evident to be questioned.”
Stolik pointed his luger at the stranger. “Are you the wizard?”
That’s all for now!
Yes we are busy, but we can still have fun. And we can still express our individuality. That is why See Jane Work was born. They know you don't have time to search every website that comes up on Google looking for a notebook that says a little more about you than, "I got a coupon in the mail from Office Mart." You want something that says, "I am unique. I have style. I will not wear sweatpants to a meeting with a client ever again, no matter how late I am running."
Inwardly, Luu groaned. It was just like Flt. Ldr. Ngo’s foolhardy, heroic nature to attack a heavily defended enemy position like that.
There are also worrying signs of sectarianism. Whether this is a card the Assad regime is playing in its no-holds-barred attempt to retain power or whether sectarianism is building in its own right, the result is the same. The conflict in Homs, which started as a civil rights struggle between demonstrators and loyalist security forces, is turning into an uglier and more familiar conflict between members of the Shia Alawite sect, from which the Assad family originates, and Sunni Muslim defectors from the army. Each side blames the other for the mutilated corpses recovered in the streets. The international community is moving towards targeted sanctions, but the paradigm for Syria may not be Libya in 2011. It could be Iraq in 2006.
The centerpiece of our Easter Feast, a German Apple Pancake. A fantastically heart and soul warming ‘mega-pancake’, filled with delicious flavors and interesting textures, puffed to perfection from baking in the oven. We followed the recipe except for (I always have an ‘except for’, don’t I?) the addition of diced walnuts and vanilla almond milk instead of cows milk.
The forums are another feature of the site. People are invited to express their opinions
At least this time they're blaming it on methane and not CO2 I suppose.
Isn't he lovely!?
NBC Sports Group
Two parents argue from opposite sides of the breakfast table.
'Tribute' is perfect name for an ale which bestows so much honour upon it's maker.
That means it's another classic as Jade Jaws finds himself up against a politician who turns out to be even more of a creep than all the others.
For us adoption was a choice we made before we knew that a natural family would be impossible. Once we discovered that we cannot have children we stepped up our efforts to provide a loving home to a child who truly needed our love. Now we are closer then ever but those last few checks are putting a strain on us. We would love for you to join us in this adventure by offering your prayers and support us in this last fundraiser. It is called "Owl Support Adoption" and features my most loved owl items. The .jpg form is below and you can email it to us at babygogreen@me.com or you can visit my Etsy shop and purchase the items there. We also have a Paypal donate button on the left side of the blog. Make sure to come back often for updates!
Shortlisted for the Southern Schools Book Award (SSBA) 2009.
The last few weeks have been a bit much: first there was lambing, then, hot on its heels, my first Time Team of the 20th series. While I was away filming, Maisie had the running of the farm to cope with and that meant feeding sheep and making up powdered milk for our nine cade or orphan lambs. Frankly, we both needed a good break and, if anything, Maisie more than me.
We had a happy one here!
Apuzzo submitted that New Jersey law requires Obama to show evidence that he is qualified for the office he wishes to occupy and that includes showing that he is a “natural born Citizen,” which includes presenting evidence of who he is, where he was born, and that he was born to two U.S. citizen parents. Apuzzo added that the Secretary of State has a constitutional obligation not to place any ineligible candidates on the election ballot.He argued that Obama has shown no authenticate evidence to the New Jersey Secretary of State demonstrating who he is and that he was born in the United States. Apuzzo also argued that as a matter of law, Obama is not a “natural born Citizen” because he was born to a father who was not a U.S. citizen.
Route Photos (yes, all of them!)
Me: Oh. You're right. I guess that's a better way to look at it.
The Goal: Ojo's goals for Fountainhead are to brew new and exciting beers as well grow the craft beer scene in Kansas City. "I believe Kansas City is going through an artistic renaissance and craft beer definitely has a place to flourish and expand," he said.
I found a bunch that were really fun...like this one from a few years back.
Melt 50g white chocolate, cool slightly and add to the butter. Beat until smooth.
seeing He delights in him.
So tomorrow is the big day, & I don’t mean what one would normally mean when referring to “the big day”, we aren’t magically back together & getting married, quite the opposite in fact, tomorrow is the big day in that he moves out.
Anyway, here it is in my living room (I wouldn't mind keeping it!):
Fall is the big season for whiskey in LA. It's when all the new releases come out, all the big whiskey festivals take place and all the new edition whiskey books publish. Here's a quick guide to the events coming up soon and the books that are just coming out:
Level 22: Mastery: +66%, Weapon ATT: +22, Minimum Critical Damage: +11%.
The same with these cover letters. If my writing is as interesting as an old boot, an amazing and professional cover letter (maybe I even pay someone to write it for me!) , respecting all the rules, would help me break through? If my writing is brilliant, nobody will read it because it’s not accompanied by a sophisticated cover letter? My silly story would have more chances to be read than my genius story, only because of the… cover letter? That’s crazy.
Over dramatic, yes, but you get the idea. I'd already started a whole new blog account. I have the address AND a new email account. I figured it would be easier to find if you could just Google the blog name instead of mine.
Our family became 8.
*Phreak falls unconscious again.*
I love writing songs and performing. And if I manage to say something in a song that someone can relate to, or put into words a sentiment or feeling that someone could not do or didn't know that they felt, then I did my job and a connection has been made. It's pretty overwhelming to work on a song at home, record it, perform it, and have it out in the world and then have someone tell you how much that song means to them.
November reading treated me to a lot of first timers and brought me back to a classic. Out of this month The Cloud Roads and The Night Circus are destined to be remembered years from now. Seed, The Emperor's Knife, and All Men of Genius were very strong debuts for their respective subgenres, each bringing something new to the table. But it is The Last Unicorn all of you should be reading, especially at this time of year.
CONTENTION
Hello all. I have yet another change to my blog. An even healthier change. Aside from posting about gluten free recipes I will be adding in diabetic friendly recipes now. I have been diagnosed with Type 2 Diabetes. Gee, I wonder why, I have posted lots of yummy recipes here. I am OK knowing I have it I have accepted it, I am exercising at least 30 minutes every day and eating healthier and still gluten free. I am very happy to say that I have LOST 15 lbs since Oct., when I went gluten free. I have started charting my daily workouts on dailymile.com so feel free to workout/follow along with me and we can keep each other motivated =) . You can see my little mile tracker in my side bar there.
Reserving tables for diners is something that should have no place in a public house
Markelle Martin’s tackling ability is something I had questioned before and once again proved to be an issue in this game. Too many times Martin will dive at ball-carriers legs and drop his head far too early, resulting in missed tackles and big gains for the other team. Markelle missed an open field tackle down the right sideline by trying to lunge at the ball-carriers lower body and feet when he could have simply used the sidelines to his advantage to get the player out-of-bounds. One thing I will say is that Markelle times his hits very well and shows the ability to make the big hit from time to time, although he will simply throw a shoulder instead of wrap-up, which is also an issue and indicative of his poor tackling technique overall. Later in the game Markelle struggled to get off a chop block and work his way around his man, leaving the entire sideline wide open for an easy score. Usually Martin has proved to take good angles to the football but this inability to dis-engage was semi-concerning for me, although I would say his man-made a better block on him than he was maybe expecting. Martin was also less active around the line of scrimmage in this game but looked better overall in coverage as well. He did a good job sticking with his man and tacking away inside position while reading the QB’s eyes. These coverage and anticipation skills on the back-end were good to see, however I need to see more consistency from him in this area. There is no doubting Martin has a beautiful combination of size and athleticism but he isn’t standing out in any one category from the film I have watched so far. Upside and intrigue will get him drafted in the initial two rounds more than likely, but the team that takes him will have to understand how to develop an athlete that is still learning the game and has some holes/liabilities.
When my biological Ascension Process started in February 1999, my body reacted to the 1999 (and later) solar energies with those lovely “Ascension Flu” symptoms; body and bone aches, chills, headache, and the occasional sudden stabbing ice pick-like pains in certain bones for a couple of seconds that literally took your breath away. From the mid-1990s on I’ve been periodically incapacitated by solar energies (solar flares, CMEs etc.) and was forced to rest and/or nap if I could while I had chills, severe body and bone aches and pains, and numerous other ascension symptoms. Over the years these solar triggered ascension symptoms have lessened and become more easily dealt with, not because the energies being transmitted have lessened since 1999 because they’ve steadily increased, but it’s the way they affect our bodies and why that’s changed.
The first documentation of slavery in America dates back to 1619. However prior to that slavery existed worldwide. Before the invention of photography slavery was documented through etching, painting,s and pencils.
All you have to do is leave me a comment here on this post. I would love to have you as a follower, but it is NOT required to win the candy. If you are a follower, please post a second time for a second chance to win. Feedblitz, Google Reader, Google...it's all the same to me! House Mouse Teamies are eligible too! Can't leave anyone out!
This view of rhyme as speed is far more flexible than the view of poems as a strict scheme. It allows for more expression and playing with this will do a lot for any new writer’s poetry. Poem’s do not have to rhyme, they just have to convey the message. How this is done is a personal choice. Rhyming schemes can work well in many cases,repetition portraying a sense of what the poem is about, i.e. if it’s a military march or a repetitive task.
As part of a monthly visiting artist program at, I am giving a giving a talk this Thursday (April 8) at Harold Washington College followed by a workshop based on a piece by Robert Barry. The public is welcome to either or both parts.
He has forbidden his Governors to pass Laws of immediate and pressing importance, unless suspended in their operation till his Assent should be obtained; and when so suspended, he has utterly neglected to attend to them.
We prise another bottle of Malbec (Mendoza 2007) from the bar after pointing it out on a stained and sodden wine list, an early casualty of the plate mountain. This sustains us for the 35 minute wait for three mains, the fourth coming 15 minutes afterward having been left off the order. All I can do is drool at the plates as the other three tuck in. The roasted cod looks good, though there seems to be a shortage of puy lentils. My roast pork belly arrives without any word of apology. Its at this point that my nerves start to fray slightly and I ask if they expect me to pay. The manager waves his hands around and mutters for me not to worry. He's probably contemplating that there are many hours of this left; with a group of weary London Marathon runners limping in medals round their necks. I'm thinking we deserve one at this point for the Nappy Valley Slalom and the Freestyle Drink Pointing. Despite all the grief it's certainly worth the wait. It has a thin scored crackling which delivers the required sweet fatty hit without picking it from the molars for the next week. The pork is moist, the accompanying veg, apple sauce and Yorkshire Pudding are all to a good standard.
One such story involved a Catholic journalist who was reporting on the front lines during the war. Ernie Miller had personally met this man in Baton Rouge, LA. The journalist was reporting from the Sinai Desert during the 1967 war. The battle had become very intense and there were numerous casualties. At one point an Israeli soldier was rushed into the medical tent, where the journalist was wiring front line information.
My absolute favourite from the screening is ‘Loss Together’ by Earl Oliveros. The lighting alone in this film was enough to make me take notice. The diffused and monochrome lighting combined with the costumes made for a wonderfully drab feel for the office. The writing of the film was phenomenal, including my favourite line of the night “That was before the accident.” (You’ll have to watch the film to figure out why it’s amazing.) What really sealed the deal with this film was the performance by the leading man. Not many actors can take on the challenge of a one take, no cuts close up starting in amusement and ending in tears. Well done, sir.
That is why James became the moderator of theJerusalemchurch and that is why Peter, during this age of grace is without authority.
“Come,” a man of medium height, wearing a creamy oak colored shirt said as he pulled me into the group. Another fast paced, exhilarating song began and I could not resist its pull; I allowed myself to be swept into the music. Faces blurred as the man spun me round and round and round. Feeling dizzy, I concentrated on his mask instead. Oak bark and hazel leaves, and bright orange warbler feathers gave the impression of the sun rising in the east.
The poster is also incorrect to suggest that Paddick “took early retirement to avoid a fight.” It is well documented that Paddick resigned from the Met after falling out with former commissioner Sir Ian Blair over the shooting dead of Brazilian Jean Charles de Menezes in Stockwell. Paddick was openly critical of the police and was moved to a “non-job” for speaking out. Therefore the suggestion that his retirement was in any way connected to wrongdoing is utterly untrue.
Beth x
20. Caveman Hughscore -
Websites have also produced the possibility for new types of community that follow the more distributed nature of networks. For example, the liberal blog DailyKos, one of the most trafficked political blogs in the US, acts as a virtual community. Founded by a blogger who goes by the name of Kos, the site’s members refer to each other as Kossacks, and each year they have a convention which actually takes place in unified space and time. While virtual the rest of the year, DailyKos has mutated many of the aspects of more traditional political actors. Messages fly through the main Kos website to its various sub-communities, all of which keep track of each other with automated email updates of various sorts. Each post on the main page gives rise to a comment thread which can often take on a life of its own. Members can rate each other’s comments, and those who post frequently and get high rankings from their peers get ‘trusted user’ status on the site, an ability which needs to be perpetually renewed, which allows them to ‘hide’ the comments/posts of anyone considered to be ‘trolling’ the community, which is to say, trying to ruin its general ecology. Decision-making is in this sense distributed. While Kos has final say, he generally stays out, and lets his algorithm decide who gets ‘trusted user’ status, and from here, the community runs itself.
-charcoal dress pants
Jim Murdoch is a Scottish writer living just outside Glasgow. His poetry appeared regularly in small press magazines during the seventies and eighties. In the nineties he turned to prose-writing and has now completed five novels, two of which have been published and a third is due out later this year. In July 2010 he published a collection of poetry, This Is Not About What You Think.
Tonight I rejoin that club in support of my SIL and for the first time I feel some gratitude for having been there myself. I can support her and understand her in the dark months to come.
When most of us think of Cary Grant comedy we usually have Grant in mind as the debonair straight man who plays off the insanity of the rest of the cast. In this case a young Cary Grant, while his character is certainly more mentally stable than everyone else in the movie, the insane troupe is calm and unaffected by their mass insanity while Grant as the sane man in a group of crazies is bouncing off the walls trying to bring order to a situation that has none. As seen by Grant’s facial features here…
During most of this time, I was giving information back on the radio because I had hit the mute button on the phone, and wasn't engaging in conversation. I couldn't help but think that there was a time and a place for being a chatty Cathy. At work (on a recorded no less) is not the place to be doing that. Also, I try very hard to NEVER talk bad about my co-workers to another agency, especially if I don't know the dispatcher (or anyone else from there in this case). The first responder field is small...most people know someone from somewhere who knows someone else who knows your Uncle.
But I can’t help but be passionate when, by the official count, there are 114,205 Americans waiting for an organ transplant and 18 people dying each day waiting. One organ donor can save eight lives and a tissue donor can help about 100 people. I’m not very good at math, but I like those numbers.
And I didn’t know about the God the government declared didn’t exist, but I felt in my heart there had to be much more to life than the ticking of the clock.
The words comforted me as I drove and the thought came to me that life is a lot like driving through the fog. We don't know what is ahead; what tomorrow will bring. And unless we have guidance it is easy to drive off the road. We need to keep our eyes fixed on Jesus at all times, staying close to His side. Because when we venture off, it gets scary out there ... like being a sheep without a Shepherd.
The Good: I adore David Almond. Straight up, let's get that out of the way. Love him. Love his books. So of course this gets onto my Best Books of 2006 list.
Just to hear his voice, any voice.
2. It’s self-righteousness. Thinking better than other people.
that somewhere in this cold world
This also offers an opportunity to mess with the focal length a bit. I think that if you keep the lens back further than it is supposed to be (which is pretty much flush with the front), you can increase your blur at the edges of your photos. You have about a quarter of an inch to play with. If you have more than one Pet, you can swap lenses that offer different results. I haven't tried it yet, but you can even give it an angle, which would probably give a blur to one side.
EVERY week I will attack one group of supplies in my room. This week it is baby hats and headbands, next week ribbon, then fabric, etc. Maybe one day I will even getting to my growing piles of misc papers! Then on Monday I will post before and after pics- well, maybe not "before" because it is a bit embarrassing! I will tell you which products I have used and the method of organization.
Members of the “Group of 88” hold a forum at Duke to discuss issues relating to the lacrosse case. They accused their critics of “McCarthyism” and urged them to “shut up and teach,” in the words of Prof. Charles Piot.
(B) Allowed to do temporarily but only at certain times on certain days between the hours of… but not on holidays, and you’ll need a permit but remember no food or drink, pets, kids, glass, bikes, fire, guns, nudity, fun, laughter, loud noise, or anything non-green allowed, and only in the perimeter of a certain area, but not in the red or blue zone unless otherwise posted, and then not without special permission and a state or county license for special day use, but, definitely not overnight. Oh, and please recycle. ☺
**Oh, edited to add, I only bring water for myself since I get Dr Pepper when we eat but Gordon appreciates it when I pack an energy drink, sunflower seeds, and gum for him ;)
PROCUREMENT
The disease is progressive, and over time the ability of the pancreas to secrete these large amounts of insulin decreases - it actually seems to 'wear out' - and eventually insulin replacement therapy may be needed, by injection, as for a person with type 1. At that point, the main difference between type 1 and type 2 is the insulin resistance; in T2DM the amount of insulin that has to be injected is very much greater.
At the north end of this floor, placed in a high part of the roof, there are two large tanks, each holding nearly 30,000 gallons, one for brewing-water, and the other for hot water for washing purposes. Passing down a circular iron staircase (with as many as thirty-six steps) we found ourselves on the floor of the mash-tun stage, a chamber of great height, depth, and width. The floor is constructed of cast-iron tablets, 30 inches square, grooved in circles of 3/8-inch with the same thickness of metal. This formation of sunken circles is to prevent the possibility of slipping. Before making observations on this department we followed our guide through an archway, leading to the water-copper stage, 120 feet by 40 feet.
By Dylan T. Lovan
Strangely I see what looks like a silvery white fairy peek out from behind one of the dishes and then suddenly fly from one side of the table to another. Leaving glittery fairy dust in her wake which drops down onto the food. We laugh and she flies away from the table leaving more fairy dust. She flies around the corner leading down the hallway and is gone.
3) A Tall Café Mocha. The title for this post comes from my favorite cup of coffee. This stuff is truly my muse juice as it has had a place next to my computer from the very beginning. From outlining to revising the third draft I have relied on my muse juice to keep me focused and relaxed. Besides that, its chocolate coffee. What more could I want in life??
The full name of the event is “First Friday Art Walk.” It’s held the first Friday of each month in the Arts District of downtown Portland, Maine. From 5pm to whenever people decide to go home, all of the art galleries are open and offering free snacks and wine. The artists of the works are usually there in the galleries as well. So you get to talk to the person behind the art!
Probably first and most important is just having/living a healthy lifestyle in general.
Meanwhile, the board of inquiry into the leases was taking formative steps, with the three-member board meeting to receive important documents, the Sunday Tribune reported.
JA Konrath. I’ve never read his books but they are on my list and his workshop on self publishing changed my entire outlook. It spurred the voice inside my head who I always knew was right – write faster, better and get the damn books out there!
The actual area I occupy in here is only about 7 foot by 7 foot. So, anyone out there who's short on space, let this be your inspiration! You don't need a whole entire room to store a lifetime supply of fabric and patterns. Trust.
1/2 tsp cumin seed
Our Boiler Room was coming to an end when at around 10:30AM Saturday morning a group of about 25 remaining were getting ready to hit the streets to spread the Love. I shared a couple of brief testimonies of God’s hand at work out in public, like Stephanie, who we had met the day prior with a large brace on her right knee. She was refusing surgery and just hoping God might heal her. We “bumped” into her and she warmly welcomed our prayers. Sammy and I bent down, laid hands on her knee and commanded it to be made whole (Side note: for those of us uncertain about Authoritative praying, I encourage you to do a study of the Gospels and look for how many times Jesus/the disciples politely asked God to heal someone). Stephanie wasn’t experiencing pain or any issues while we were with her, meaning there was no way to test for progress/immediate healing but her face was ablaze with joy. We hugged, encouraged her and went on our way. I had spent a little time praying over a couple of elderly ladies earlier in the morning because, quite honestly, I was all prayed up and ready to see God touch someone. Both ladies had issues God had given me words for from the day before (Right hearing issues, Deteriorating eye-sight and Left knee pain). I prayed healing over both but did not see any immediate change. Praise God nonetheless just for the opportunity – only He knows how many times we pray for something and then are never around to see the answer!
Morello: So give it a fancy name or something. Talk about cool glass cannon builds and call it “burst survivability.”
Jeff and Em
(or) Things you really need to think about to make good decisions
Onwards and upwards, I hope?
The palate was surprisingly rich, I had expected something light and crisp, but this had a touch of creaminess to the texture giving it a succulence rather than a crispness. There were pithy grapefruit flavours and the high acidity was balanced out by the weight. I enjoyed it, it was a nice, straightforward and enjoyable wine, but with a little dash of something different – 85/100 points.
Show at 7 p.m., Doors open at 6:30 p.m.
In other words, watching Kinski go insane was watching Kinski, period, but you can tell Michael Shannon isn't really crazy. He's a charismatic actor doing a fine job of capturing the full spectrum of the manic-messianic complex, but there's no charm to his insanity, no reason we can think of -- aside from his attractive bearing -- for anyone to put up with his tantrum-esque ravings. Unlike, say, Robert Duvall in THE APOSTLE or Graham Faulkner in BROTHER SUN SISTER MOON or Gregory Peck in MOBY DICK, you don't want to throw down your sins and follow him into the holy light.
on medium rack, for 30 – 35 minutes or until the toothpick comes out clean.
A ton of other authors will be there too. Literally, a ton. Although none as wonderful as me, so don't you dare go stand in their lines first. Just saying . . .
However, I think with all the changes, an indie author has to continue to take chances. I just signed a deal with Amazon Encore for some backlist titles and with their science fiction imprint, 47 North, for three future titles.
Gorgeous weather aside; I am pretty thrilled to be in Ontario right now because the peaches in this province are out-of-this-world delicious. Perhaps a product of such concentrated heat, they are bursting with sweet, ripe juices and all around lusciousness. No wonder then, that when introduced to just a little heat and warming spice, they too surrender into a complete state of succulent slump, not unlike myself. Totally sultry.
Olka Polka in Campbelltown, a specialist in Polish food. Owner Andrzej Luczak trained in Poland as a baker. The shop started almost ten years ago as a bakery but has since expanded to include deli and grocery lines for homesick Poles. The shop is small but neat and clean, with baking down out the back. They have all kinds of sernik Polish cheesecake ($3 for a square), including plain, variations with peach or raisins, and a traditional version layered with a thick paste of ground poppy seeds and butter. The cheesecake squares come covered in a thin layer of icing or dusted with icing sugar.
Lastly , assemble the wraps- chicken, cheese, onion/cilantro mix, lettuce, and top with ranch dressing. You can also fry up the tortillas a bit. Heat a frying pan on med-high, spray with a bit of non-stick cooking spray and fry the tortillas one at a time for approximately 30 seconds a side.
When a significant number of people want something, someone or some entity will provide it. The majority will go to a legal source. If a legal source is not available, they will go to an illegal source. If there are buyers, there will be suppliers. It is that simple.
9) Rice Krispies Treats are just too delicious for me to ever be able to lose weight for Garrett's wedding.
The late Ogden Doremus, a colorful lawyer, longtime environmental advocate, and rural State Court judge, acted as an advisor. His knowledge of how the process worked proved very useful. He counseled us that, “If you have the power of eminent domain, you only need to know two things to take someone’s property: you need a legal description of the parcel you want, and you need to know where the courthouse is in the county where it is located. You go to the deed office with a legal description of the parcel and a letter declaring that you are taking it, and it is yours as soon as the paper is on the counter. The former owner has the right to contest the value offered before a jury, but the title is yours as soon as you take it.” That is what the Fifth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution has come to in Georgia: one is allowed to try to persuade a jury to increase the amount of money they can get from the government or the utility or the railroad when their land is taken.
I love this excerpt from the magazine article..
So many clues so early on regarding Obama and yet so many unwilling to see it when it mattered.
Occupy Oakland plans to also use Frank Ogawa Plaza as a rally point throughout the day and will be the site for a noon gathering that will lead into a 1 p.m. action called “No borders, No Stay Away Orders.” The protest is being coordinated by the OO Anti-Repression Committee.
In a bowl mix the flour, salt, yeast, spices and sugar and add the milk mixture and egg. Mix with a wooden spoon, then with your hands then remove from the bowl and begin to knead. I still found it overly sticky but my egg was very large so I added small amounts of flour gradually until the dough was workable. Knead for about 5mins and then put into a lightly oiled bowl, cover with a clean tea towel and leave to rise for about an hour or until doubled in size.
21 are currently defendants in lawsuits
Bennett the smaller of the two just broke the 5 pound mark. Bennett is strong and doing very well. His big job right now is to learn how to take all his food from a bottle.
We should not be sooo judgemental of others because we NEVER know if it will be OUR TURN to have one of our loved ones names in black and white in the newspaper and t.v. screens.
"Valet Parking will be available at Four Seasons Hotel Silicon Valley at a discounted rate for guests. Tickets for the event are $25.00 for one guest and $40.00 for two guests. To purchase tickets, please click here or call Cassie Conching at (650) 470–2894."
“Just a day” she said while she brushed my hair out of my eyes. “Your dad is flying in and will be here in an hour.”
“Although we haven’t been notified yet by the commission, we do believe it’s natural for competition officials to look at online advertising given how important it is to the development of the internet and the dominance of one player.
I was recently on you tube looking up the videos I shared last week on the blog from Dr. Phil. A quick search brought up this little number from Judge Judy.
of the French Revolution
the hills around this scarred old town
Understanding that helps us better understand Zephaniah 1:11: “Howl, ye inhabitants of Maktesh, for all the merchant people are cut down; all they that bear silver are cut off.”
Mind you, the stages they went through to get there seem awfully familiar...
I watched President Obama’s short speech from Kabul, Afghanistan yesterday evening and it made me sad. I was expecting good news, and when the president said he was going to tell us how we will complete the mission and end the war in Afghanistan, I got excited because this is what I’d been waiting for. I’ve been waiting for the time when all the soldiers overseas finally come home to their families and no longer have to risk their lives. I’ve been waiting for this news for over a decade and I sat up in anticipation but I didn’t really get too much. It seems that while almost all of our troops will be home by 2014, which is a good thing, it looks like a number of troops will still be in Afghanistan for another 10 years, until 2024, as part of the new Strategic Partnership Agreement acting as military trainers and conducting counter-terrorism operations. Maybe that’s necessary, there are smarter people than me deciding this stuff, but I just wanted to hear that all Americans would be home by the end of 2014.
First, I need to work up to running 30 minutes straight. I’ll worry about pace after I get more endurance, which is equally challenging as the treadmills in the school gym are all based on kilometers. I feel like a champ running at 8.0 easily. So far, I’m really pleased with how much I’ve been able to run. I started with a running schedule and threw that out after the second day. Now I’m just going to run for as long as I can and make up the intervals as I go. Zen running for the win.
Your buddies all stood by
Since about 4th or 5th grade I have called myself a christian. We usually went to a non-denominational church and I went to youth group. I prayed at dinner with the whole family and I sang those fun, yet cheesy kid worship songs. As I got older, my faith increased. I became more aware of my sins and wanted to have a close-knit relationship with God. unfortunately, I could never get that feeling. Something was missing. I started reading my bible every night. I prayed. I went to church. I gave money to the church. All of that, and I still didn’t have that feeling.
Jack Thayer was a 17-year-old first class passenger on the RMS Titanic, traveling with his parents on that fateful night of April 15, 1912. He miraculously survived after an epic struggle in the frigid waters. His mother was able to board one of the lifeboats but sadly, his father John Thayer perished. Jack went on to graduate from the University of Pennsylvania four years later. In 1940, he described his harrowing experiences on the famed ship in a self-published book, of which 500 copies were printed for family and friends. Oceanographer Robert Ballard used it to determine the location of the Titanic and proved that the ship had split in half as it sank, contrary to popular belief.
My mother did not, by happy chance, tell me not to read stories so I have always been a voracious reader of the works of such Olympian authors as J.R.R. Tolkein and G.R.R. Martin. My problem is that I am not imaginative enough to pen a work of fiction. Fortunately my experience with the Borealis is far more macabre and infinitely more bizarre than any fiction anyone could ever imagine. The payment was high though… I had to live the whole bloody story in order to be able to write it!
Tracks 8, 9: Coleman Hawkins And His Sax Ensemble
There is a huge potential in the social Networking sites, as there is lot of activity happening in this world. Recruiters are in constant need to find resources through alternative channels and resources that are untapped. Now a day every other candidate has been approached by one or the other recruiter for a Job Opening. There are requirements that might require specific skills, and after a point of time the market is exhausted, and the same set of resumes are on the Job Portal. Hence there is a need to find those professionals are hidden, or who are not actively looking for a job, but want to know about the Job Openings.
but it did not.
MY van is already a mess, I havent written anythng down and all i wanna do is crawl into bed I'm soo depressed.. Someone told me to ask for a distress spanking... Yup think I'll ask for something a little nicer :) maybe that will help...
- Braised Lamb Belly with Peaches & Peach Butter
After she fixed herself a scotch, my mother sat down next to me on the porch steps. I curled into her embrace. "He's just cooling his heels," she said. "Don't worry."
Whether they hit home,
OFFICE OF THE GENERAL COUNSEL
That was fun! Let's do it again, daddy!
You are showing strong to extremely strong emotional vampire behaviors. Be kind to yourself and set out to make small changes to improve one behavior at a time.
NE – New Era Electronics
In American Eagle they have these bra brands named Audrey and Abigail. Nicole and I thought this was soo funny because those are our daughters names, but you might have had to be there.
Heading west along the Greensand Way – in common with a number of other walkers – the path descends gradually, at first through dense, upright blustery swaying pine trees at the exposed woodland edge, then into more sheltered beech and birch. Countryside like this may seem immutable, but there are signs of the sometimes violent dynamism of such a landscape – an uprooted beech, a pine tree with its top snapped out.
Sadly I forgot to take a picture of these... but I made them for our annual holiday get together last month. These are SOOOOOO good! I will definitely be making them again the first chance I get. Thanks Macaroni & Cheesecake (originally from Cook Like a Champion).
This cool vintage Shiraz is a blend of fruit from Eden Valley and Barossa proper.
forgetting me, remember me
Mr Brossellett also said that they had discovered the night of the murders a friend of Estermann's had called his apartment and had heard 'bangs and shouting' and that he thought four people were in the house at the time of the killings.
I enlisted the help of FB that evening to translate. I stood by the ever growing pile of "the baby crap" reading off the list, ready to pluck each item from the stack and throw it into the bag while FB put his "let's get serious" look on.
Lot's of scraps used.....DP's from Simple Stories, KaiserCraft image, K&Co., Crate Paper Grade Card, Creative Imaginations journal spot, Graphic45 clock sticker, Martha Stewart doily, ric rac, seam binding ribbon, pearl adhesive, and a vintage button.
And this fall, the joy of knowing you were part of something special - the end of the Obama era.
IMPLICATIONS: access to data will be more and more the lifeblood of any retail marketing operation. Real-time interactive analysis of customer‘s preferences will deliver rapid customer insights. It is important to personalize a customer’s experience in the store.
I'll leave you all with a song I wrote for just such a homecoming. The lyrics I'll post below, and if you click on THIS LINK it will launch a player where you can hear the song. It's called
We avoided the kiddy area, which was nice! Despite predictions of 100 degree heat and thunderstorms, it ended up being a perfect day. No lines, and the rain held off till we had ridden everything we wanted. We did get to ride one coaster in the rain, which was a new experience.
Troll Turned Down in Tokyo
Spend some money and do it right. Dyson clearly had enough dosh to create a stand big enough to give a bit of space to each of the following: carbon trust badge, paper towel demo, case studies, hand dryer cutaway, its USP.
oh dear, the rice is burning.
Seems that neither of us had a really good week of Karma gathering, but I kind of agree with her, namely…
It has been an age since I did any work on this but a good old pub conversation with a friend and finding out that SLA Industries is going back into print (my most favourite setting) I have rekindled my desire to write…
It’s happened.
Don’t think I’ve forgotten about this page, because I haven’t. I’m working on a couple of things right now, including a new short story (to be posted here when finally made worth reading) and the fifth revision of Strange Beasts in a Small Town.
xoxoxoxox
What would you have done? Would you have waited around, killed time drinking $10 beers until you could play poker, or would you have gone home and called it a night? Last train's at 1 am. It's 9:30 now.
I reencountered the anosmic man in Tesco. At least I assume he wasn’t able to smell as the elderly gentleman’s size twenty clown were shoes coated in the foulest-smelling dog muck, thus effectively providing him with an invisible force-field, that had previously (literally) repelled me whilst he was busy conducting a conversation with the breakfast cereals…
See ya all very soon, till then Adios Amigos.
“Honey, stir your coffee silently -- like this,” Daddy admonished with a gentle, loving smile. He swirled his spoon in the very center of the cup two or three times, then placed the spoon in the saucer. No clattering nor clanking!
With Thanksgiving fast approaching, people are expressing what they are thankful for during this season.
This has gotten so bad that when Rockstar, the company that releases adult themed games, made Grand Theft Auto series and a game called Manhunt, in which your character must, in a bloody, gory and very realistic way murder his way thru the game, the backlash was intense.
She said: "Oh, that's such a shame, I love that kind of stuff."
#618 ~ A new little black and white bird checking out my feeder.
So what happens now? What happens to a generation living with the quiet and dreadful realisation that we might only be capable of buying a flat if our parents or grandparents die? A generation holding its breath when they see their fathers slip on ice, sliding more fried toast on to their mothers’ breakfast plate. The awful coming-to as they adjust their grandma’s three-bar fire. Will we be here hunched over our computers in 20 years’ time, addicted to the property porn that we’ll never be able to afford? These sites, their picture galleries of rubber-poured and parquet floors, of lightboxes for coffee tables, breakfast bars and double-height windows, inspiring in us a bleak sort of creative envy, and the growing acceptance that a home of our own may always be just out of our reach.
Increasing scientific data is uncovering powerful physical benefits of keeping a journal, such as managing stress and strengthening the immune system and reducing physical symptoms of chronic illness when writing about stressful events.
While the idea of staying underwater is far from new, technology has greatly improved to meet the formidable challenges of sub-marine construction, so the likelihood of this and similar projects actually getting built is sure to increase. Famed explorer Jacques Cousteau once envisioned numerous manned underwater colonies to facilitate exploration and though that didn’t come to pass, for fans of underwater living, projects like the Water Discus may prove to be the next best thing.
feverishly his hand travel
Seriously, I can't think of any time in my life when more change is occurring more rapidly than right now, in this very moment. Can you imagine if you'd been in a coma for the last couple of years and then woke up in the middle of this clusterfuck? You'd be all, "DUDE, what the fuck?!?!?!"
And then the cycle repeats itself-- freedom-to-apostasy-to-repentance-to freedom. Whether its the Philistines or Mesopotamians, Othneil or Gideon-- the story is basically the same.
Bigger, radder, and more envy-inducing than ever before, Armada gives us the … drumroll please … stiffened-up, 195-centimeter AK JJ Ski! Owning pow on Armada’s EST Freeride Rocker, the AK JJ won’t dive or shirk in variable conditions, nor will it cower when you get back to the groomers. Designed for epic deeps and sonic-boom-inducing speeds, the AK JJ is the ski that has been dancing over your head every Christmas Eve.
“Apophis was sometimes equated with Seth, the god of chaos, yet the nature of Apophis seems to have always been dark and threatening, while Seth could at times be beneficial. In some texts, Seth was even enlisted by the sun god in order to defeat the serpent. According to some mythologies, Apophis hypnotized Re and all of his entourage who sailed with him, with the exception of Seth, who resisted the serpent’s deadly stare and repulsed him with the thrust of a great spear.
Today I’ve been packing. Want to experience hectic chaos? Try packing for 6 months, factoring in seasonal change. All that can only fit into one checked bag under 50lbs. Can you say fun?!
I mean, who doesn't like to fantasize about going to awesome,
The cinematography is an absolute pleasure here, and that is forever to be expected from Academy Award winning director of photography Dean Cundey. In the opening minutes of the film, we are given stunning shots of the immense arctic landscape that clearly establish how isolated our characters are. The photography can even prove to be terribly creepy at times such as the storage room scene after MacReady breaks into the compound. Kurt Russell looks ghostly with the brilliant blue lighting upon his snow covered self. Cinematography in a Carpenter film has always been a strong point, and you cannot deny its strength here. It helps evoke the proper emotions at the right times by capturing atmosphere in its compositions and lighting. Another such element is Ennio Morricone’s score. Right from the get go, it sets the tone for the entire film. It grips you and never lets go. This score is haunting, relentless, brooding, and terribly chilling. This is such a powerful score, and despite that Carpenter did not compose it, it does have many elements of his own scores in it. Morricone had scored many “spaghetti” westerns including The Good, The Bad, & The Ugly, and we would later score The Untouchables. To this day, Morricone continues to score many films, mostly Italian ones.
I know I haven’t posted in a while. Life’s been busy and a slow internet connection out here in the boonies doesn’t help me much. Most days I just don’t have time to sit here and watch my media slowly download… or is that upload? I don’t know. I’ll catch you up with things…..
3/4 tsp. kosher salt
But I’m still here. My kids still have their mother.
Needle and thread
After I'd been there a few hours (and several, several drinks),
Glory
I am so excited to be sharing my first post for the GCD Studios blog and thanks for stopping by. Now do you have any favorite things your kiddos or grandkids say? Leave a comment...I would love to hear about them!
So, yesterday was peace.
And then, magically, I stopped. The black cloud dissipated with a thought. There was something magical in today and that was using some of my gifts to help someone I love. I was simply a listening ear and a few words of advice, but it felt appreciated. And in serving, I felt fulfilled.
With there being such loopholes in our laws and those perpetrating these tax frauds, who in turn wire Billions of our dollars out of the country to their home countries instead of circulating in our economy, who are the real victims?
And what's surprising is that Emily wasn't my first med-student-bride to work with. You might remember my very first vintage apothecary inspired letterpress invites for Anna & Tom.
Friend: Sup wasup, dawgg? (What’s funny about this terminology is that we both hold graduate degrees and would NEVER talk to each other like this in the real world)
(The class was in uproar.)
So that was the end of my career in ballet. Perhaps you had some similar experience. I tried to give ballet another shot more recently, but I think I'm just too far gone for it now. I've decided that if I'm going to hurt myself doing some sort of exercise in the future (when I have discretionary income again), then it's going to be fencing because I already have the gear, and if/when I am covered in bruises, I can say I got all of those little dark spots in a sword fight.
The Board at N2D have decided unanimously that whilst the policies against smokers remain at P&O Ferries, we shall :-
And everytime I try to fly, I fall
Dr Telfer added: “The important thing is that if you can show you can get ovarian stem cells from human ovary you then have the potential to do more for fertility preservation.
We did get there pretty late, though. It was about 30 minutes into it, and the dude who was passing out the skates was already gone. Tom managed to track him down, but Jake doesn't have very good people skills, and got super mad and grouchy about it. He stormed off, but eventually cooled off. He needed to go and talk to the guy about getting the skates, and he didn't want to. He eventually did, and got to skate for about 10 minutes. He was happy when we left, though. So it must have all worked out.
The IRA men were shot more than 30 times at an isolated shed near Loughgall
They have the coolest inventory, but a little pricey for my thrifty self.
I am working on an altered project I am teaching at a scrapbook retreat next June and, while I was not successful in locating the fabric I need for that, I did come across a real bargain. I love to share so here is where I got these fabric pieces for $2.00 each...JoAnne's. These are discontinued samples for ordering draperies and upholstering and most measure about 13x13. I am off to play with these and will post my progress in something I want to try. And with fabric, my number one Stiffening and Draping Liquid is by Helmar. The stuff is amazing.
And like everyone else there that night, I was no longer alone.
This was an idea worth exploring further, but Goodrich didn’t do it. Nor did screenwriter Frances Marion, the guiding quill behind some of Mary Pickford’s best films, as well as this one. The Red Mill is, instead, a succession of gags, shallow and heatless, partly because the gags are so self-contained, and partly, I think, because Davies never makes Tina into more than the sum of her good looks and misadventures.
For society is based upon the building blocks that you have formed this afternoon: society is based upon marriage. A society that loses sight of this, loses sight of its own values. A successful society as well as a successful marriage is based upon such values of passion, of integrity, honesty, loyalty and mercy.
The song sparrow is not inviting you
These weren't as impressive to me, well they are impressive I just don't know about them living up to the name. Don't get me wrong they are Gorgeous super sparkly and awesome...
Over the past weekend, I’ve been into a seminar about purity at Word of Hope. And I want to share these truths, what I have learned and what God says about it. To those who are in love and those who are young at heart, this is Love.
tempered in the interior by the use of warmer wood. There is a sense of calm and clarity as you wander around the inside.
Complimentary Entry and Parking: Webster’s lot, adjacent streets and designated lots.
Municipal bond funds enjoyed their 7th consecutive positive weekly money flows with an additional $403 million entering the sector according to ICI data. Lipper FMI confirms the positive inflow but suggests $163 million in inflows.
Now, maybe an appropriate doodle message to send to my competitors...
Yeah for me !!
Or when I'm surrounded by confusion.
What do these names have in common? They are all the geeky and snarky inventions of The New England Brewing Company. At this microbrewery, they brew small batches of beer, then can them by hand–every single one of them. When we went to visit, Gandhi Bot, 668: Neighbor of the Beast, and Imperial Stout Trooper were on tap to try and to get growlers worth.
Angus - But her tattoo was of flowers and butterflies!
There isn't one. Really, there isn't. I can tell you that Sugar Cube Scrub, Jar Candles, and Sachets are my slowest online sellers (though I sell a ton (probably literally) of home fragrance at local shows...then again no one has yet invested 'scratch n sniff' internet...) I do notice trends, though. I sell soap all of the time. But I'll suddenly get a run on lip balm, and sell lip balm very steadily for weeks, then it will switch to something else. I haven't been able to figure out 'why'...but it does.
6 cups of water
That lasted about ten minutes. I got off my butt and did an AWESOME session of Core Synergistics…much better than any I can remember in a long time. That’s because I was here at home instead of doing it at work where I had no weights and couldn’t jump around.
Weed isn’t a gateway drug. The idea of a ‘gateway’ drug is itself absurd. The fact that many hard drug users began their drug-careers with pot in no way shows that it actually causes or leads them to harder drugs. Drug users have to start somewhere, and if pot didn’t exist, they’d just start somewhere else. The problem with people using harder and harder drugs isn’t a problem of the drugs, it’s a problem of the user. If you live in BC and also think that weed will necessarily or likely lead to harder drugs, you are fooling yourself, unless you think that the majority of the population will overdose on heroin some time soon.
Roping Up Long O Game
The mom and dad then accused me,
You have the week to post about any herb, fruit, vegetable, seed, nut, flower - in fact if it is plant based then we'll love to hear more. Your post can be informative, spotlight a particular ingredient and/or include a recipe where your chosen ingredient is one of the primary ingredients in the recipe.
Now, here is your freebie... Holiday Address Labels! Enjoy!
Hello CLovers/Blackjacks! ^^
And there you have it: the 8-step process of OS Plus. When searching for a trustworthy company that will take good care of your documents, choose Office Solutions Plus LLC!
The concept is very simple. Mail a Birthday card and a dollar bill for a Senior who is having a birthday for that month. Since most are over 70 years old, it is my goal that they at least receive a dollar and a card for each year of their life. How fun and special this will be, and certainly make their day. What a great way to let them know someone is thinking about them and they are important!
I had noticed David’s portraits up at the Cannery some time ago and eventually one followed me home. Shortly there after I got in touch with David and he shared some photos of more his work and his artist statement which I’ve attached below.
And in your little self-defensive diatribe about all the troubles you've seen, I don't recall you mentioning Mitt's student loans that crippled him with over $100,000 in debt before he ever saw his sheepskin or the Pell grants he had to take advantage of, the same Pell grants on which many millions of college students have had to depend to have a prayer of paying down their tuition, the same Pell grants that your antifreeze-blooded lunatic of a husband would love nothing more than to abolish and replace with Paul Ryan vouchers.
Steaming
Triton College in River Grove is conducting a contest to find a name that complements the atmosphere created by the unending pool of talented students who have honed or are beginning to develop their abilities in the Dining Room.
1. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Grease an 8-inch round heavy aluminum cake pan.
A wink of his eye and a twist of his head,
Researchers from the University of Scranton, Pennsylvania, said that a serving of popcorn contains up to 300mg of polyphenols compared with 114g for a serving of sweet corn, and 160mg for all fruits per serving.
Papers : Serenity Cardstock Stack, The Coral Couture Cardstock Matstack - Both by DCWV, 6X6 Designer Paper Pack by Laura Ashley
Thank you for frolicking to my happy little blog today. I wish you all a beautiful weekend! :o)
And it's heart breaking because you can't imagine what it would be like without that person in your life.
Ahhh it is nice to feel supported by people involved in your care!
Do you have a rug texture/construction preference? I hate high pile rugs, so I'm a fan of dhurries and kilims. If you buy a flatweave, you might want to get a set of these Stop the Curling Rug Corners.
This next pick comes from a man who deserves the lifetime achievement award for his contributions to the fantasy adventure genre. Over the years Hayao Miyazaki has delivered some of the finest examples of animation and imagination. From “Castle in the Sky” (1986) to “My Neighbor Totoro” (1988) and “Princess Mononoke” (1997) to “Howl’s Moving Castle” (2004) and even to his latest film “Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea” (2008), Miyazaki’s worlds are vivid and full of wonder and dazzling invention and worth multiple visits. Any one of these films belong among the top fantasy adventure flicks, but as I did not wish to overwhelm the list with one director I am going to pick “Spirited Away.” Chihiro is a little girl with a boring contemporary family and, like many children, is being dragged along with her parents on their vacation. They stop at what they presume to be an abandoned amusement park. Leaving her parents to gorge themselves on mysterious food, Chihiro explores the place alone only to discover that things are not as they seem. They are really trapped in a spirit world run by wild creatures and magical beings and ghosts and demons and monsters. Chihiro’s parents have turned into pigs and now she is trapped, but she wants to set things back to normal for her family so she gets a job working for the spirits and tries to make friends with creatures who generally do not trust humans. It’s a charming tale that features some of the most imaginative characters and creatures you are likely to find. The movie is an explosion of animated imagination and, like many of Miyazaki’s films, is striking in its apparent absence of genuinely evil characters. As the rules for the spirit world are made more and more clear, Chihiro realizes that time is running out so she must make certain she does not forget who she is and what she must do. Miyazaki is a genius who can bring incredible personality to even the most mundane household objects. And he does bring much personality and fascinating characters to life in this, perhaps his finest, film. “Spirited Away” is an impressive coming-of-age tale from one of the great masters of the fantasy genre.
Martin Hoke
Woo Jin, on the other hand is completely amoral on the surface. He thinks nothing of any action required to fulfill his plan. The only time he shows any emotion is the moment before he kills himself. We see that his sister's death shattered him, and while he imprisoned Dae Su for fifteen years, we get the very real sense that despite his means, he has been imprisoned ever since that day. The ethical and moral issues of his inappropriate relationship with his sister are forever unexamined, as he can't get past the fact that he loved his sister and she's dead. The issues are addressed in some fashion, by his method of true revenge, fooling Dae Su and Mi Do into falling in love, he removes Dae Su's ability to judge him, knowing that Dae Su, even unknowingly has begun a father/daughter relationship, makes his own brother/sister relationship seem smaller. The depths of his manipulation also make it difficult for Dae Su to find his own right moral choice. While he may be shocked by the revelation, it's unthinkable to him that Mi-Do could bear the knowledge, not only that he's her father, but by implication that her whole life was manipulated in order that this would happen.
* "The Purloined Letter" by Edgar A. Poe
However, sacrificing the environment for corporate profits and government income is a short-sighted ideology. It assumes that that there will be no negative impact to the Canadian economy if our air, water and soil is polluted (which there will be). It assumes that other industries such as fishing, tourism and agriculture do not need clean air, water and soil (which they do). It assumes that Canadians will not be physically harmed by the pollution of our air, water and soil (which they are). Finally, it assumes that Canada will be better off if corporations are left to their own devices.
I just finished reading Ending Day by Day. This is the fourth and fifth books in the Full Metal Panic light novel series which the three anime series were based on, specifically, the second Kyoto Animation series, The Second Raid.
This ride took some time as we wound around Georgetown and past the White House.
Q: You're such a hypocrite. You've got several print deals.
potato 2 boiled n mashed
February Image Collection donated by Kich N Bleus Designs
The Jealousy of frogs can just suck on a lemon,
“Oh yes!” exclaimed the clerk. “We have the finest resins here. I’m sure you will be most pleased!” These items dutifully added to the list, the clerk said, “Are you making an incense blend?”
C – Audio frequency amplifier
-The Lack of Control over Form Problem, Introduce form based zoning, more strongly in areas where control over form is necessary, such as new towns and urban extensions being designed according to a masterplan, or in areas where traditional forms should be replicated.
I’m eager to see how Charlaine Harris handles another murder mystery in Deadlocked. It’s one of her strengths that I’ve felt has been missing from the last several books, and I think this one will be exciting, especially since the stakes are so high.
"Me?" he asked.
It’s clear to me now, as I read through these entries that I have been exploring these ideas as a means to arrive at some understanding and greater appreciation of my own experiential reality, which has always felt more like a manifestation of a much more complex symbiosis.
I thought that as a way to celebrate the blogiversary this week, I would pull some amazing projects completed by YOU! These are real life projects my friends, that anyone can do! Which is why they are so totally INSPIRING!! Have fun indulging with me!
We are quietly working behind the scenes in every country and culture of the world
Stop bragging about everything your child is doing that another child isn't.
*Had her first community ed basketball experience (and loved it!)
Apparently, this term is being used by political leaders to imply other social justices that the church does not agree with. For example, "social justice" to a feminist means promoting the right for women to have abortions. For homosexuals, "social justice" means allowing them the right to gay marriages.
Shadley Grimes studied art at the University of Iowa where her work was called, "drawings with paint." Over the years her work has evolved into large "doodles" on upcycled windows. Painted with tempera, India ink, and other paint, these windows come ready to hang and sealed with a protective finish. Shadley loves creating interesting shapes and new color combinations. She lives in North Liberty with her husband Dan, daughters Eden and Elly, and son Esias.
Quoting from Marie and Tales of the Heart who gave the award to Marie:
Swedish Antique store in Los Angeles, CA, visit her website here. If my decor only leant itself to these I would have them! But you know how it is when over the years you have acquired things, it is not easy to "start over"!
To take your question as you meant it, no I do not have a moment for Concern. I am on my way to HMV to try to spend a gift card on whatever gems might still lurk in there beneath layers of Jedward and Adam Sandler. I am concerned by the rapid deterioration of that shop, too. And anyway, I've been Concerned enough to give your lot 12.70 a month since it was still a tenner in old money. It made me feel like an ethical student and I think I thought it would make the girl on Talbot Street who signed me up fancy me. Tell me, man, are you Concerned enough to waive your wage for even one hour? What do you get, about 12.70?"
But let’s go back to “divergent thoughts”, the supposed foundation of our creative achievement. It is true that we spend much of our time chasing down ideas. Let’s put it in context, though. First of all, there’s a big difference between actually getting something done and just fantasizing about it over a few beers with friends. It would be really swell if I could just think “I’d like to use X to prove Y!”, pour myself a cold one to celebrate my brilliance and wait for the paper to up and write itself. In real life, I have to sit down and do it. The calculations have to be correct, the argument logically sound. To the extent that “divergent thoughts” enter that part of the process, keeping them in check may well be more important then having them in the first place.
Do you do that? Or are you good? It's nowhere near actual hoarding, but I feel like I do have a tendency, between my love of shopping, love of a deal and the general inexpensiveness of estate sale and thrift store shopping, to drag home WAY too much stuff sometimes. It's like my eyes are continually bigger than my belly, in terms of what I can actually proudly display. A two person house should not have thirty coffee cups (even if they're cute... let's pare down to just the cutest!) or fourteen lamps! I actually counted the other day, and there are fourteen lamps in use. Not even counting the ones in the attic, complete with shades, waiting for one of the others in the house to lose favor and be traded out for one of the benched lamps. Maddening! Not one cost more than $12...but even at the cut-rate, what is the "actual cost" of having to find places for and/or store all those extraneous lighting fixtures?
After Dad took off, Mom get worse, if that was possible. She’d sleep for days at a time. Dave would have to force her to take a shower every week or so, and we’d go in to wash the sheets and pick up all the dirty dishes piled up on her nightstand. Or on the floor. Or in the bathroom sink.
Dan Gilbert – Our Mistaken Expectations
I've been asked to write a review of this product, and I'm only too happy to oblige!
a visit to Target
But Bob’s straddling of the music and comedy business – he likes a bit of a straddle, does Bob - has given him an interesting insight into the way the comedy industry functions in the UK and particularly in Edinburgh:
Week 12 is an even lower mileage week, and I am going to really take it easy, and add some more quality cross training. (and hope to be less whiny)
Children are humans, just like us adults. They make mistakes and forget things, just like we do. If someone in my life, including (especially) one of my children, makes a mistake, and I can help her recover from it, I jump at the chance.
If the sauce sounds like something you want to try, but you don’t want to make it yourself, come on in and you can put it on anything on our menu!
And with 10 years of marriage I tend to have relapses and setbacks of my own, these ‘Oh really’ moments between me and the LORD. Times where He tells me, ‘You first Tahlitha, you first.’ Reestablishing where my faith should rest and in whom it relies.
Natina Kihara
I admit it, I am a rebel at heart, which is the reason why I desperately needed a Saviour. I still have trouble with this congenital drive to do a thing my OWN way, and sometimes at the most inconvenient times -- in this case, sewing. I can NEVER just follow the instructions and leave a sewing pattern alone. I have to either lengthen it, add a frill that wasn't in the pattern, alter the neckline, or use some sort of fabric other than what the pattern company suggests for that particular design.
Of course I got pulled over by a cop on my trip up to Phoenix... I wasn't going that much over the speed limit! I think he was just bored and looking to chat up girls because he made me get out of the car and walk back to his. Silly policeman...
Not only that but Lips Touch was wait for it... $30.00. Seriously. Thirty. As in 3x $10. Hello most expensive book I've ever bought. Ever. You are lucky you're pretty and have beautiful illustrations AND you were written by an incredible author...
Gazelle doesn’t take Ao’s bracelet, but suggests he come with them. They tether their car to the retreating JSDF ship, but the Secret attacks and they crash onto the flight deck. Ao has no choice but to enter the cockpit of a tarped FP that turns out to be an IFO called the Mk. I, the oldest of its kind known. He takes the reins and goes after the Secret. He almost has a redoubt, but Naru gets through to him and he defeats the monster just as Generation Bleu arrives. Ao ditches and is fished out of the sea by GB pilot Fleur Blanc. When he goes home he learns the townsfolk blame him and his mother for the island’s misfortune. Naru finds and reassures him. He shows her the “Sea Giant” he piloted.
The cashew cream recipe below is a great addition to so many recipes. It worked wonderfully in my chocolate matcha truffles, and also in my quince and chestnut bread pudding. Although you can probably get away with soymilk in the above recipe, I think the richness of the cashews is really important. If you want to make a lower fat version, try replacing the water with the non-dairy milk of your choice and adding about 1/4 cashews. The result will still be creamy and delicious.
We're all sitting close to the fireplace
Her right eyebrow was normal if not a little straight, kind of like Keira Knightly. Then, her left eyebrow looked like someone had shaved it off, broke out the Sharpie marker and tried to make it look like Tyra Banks’ brow (you know, the crazy one she’s always raising independently of the other one).
“Oh no,” I said. “No, no, no, no, no.”
-access to private online gallery to view and post layouts made with sketches
If we're free, how does the State get away with telling us where we can buy booze? What's so dangerous about booze -- compared to other dangerous things like cars, guns, propane, cigarettes, diesel fuel and ammonia fertilizer, power tools, gasoline, and horny goat weed -- that the State forbids private citizens to sell it? It's pure bluenosed patrician elitism, a ludicrous hangover from Prohibition and Repeal, an attitude that should have been washed away years ago.
I am never going to try this again
What was going to happen
On to our announcement. Last week we posted the winner of our October Grand Prize and it remains unclaimed. The winner is Beth Doda. Beth, please contact us by Saturday Nov 13th to claim your prizes. If the prize remains unclaimed by the 13th, we will draw a new winner.
punted.
I’ll live with all the stakes
“The sacrifice of Imam Hussain (A.S.) is not limited to one country, or nation, but it is the hereditary state of the brotherhood of all mankind.”
I want a good life
I say, "Bwaaaahahahaha!" again, like a fifth grader, and then I add, "Bwaaaahahahaha! Seriously, Doc, that is so a blog post."
One thing that He revealed to me was going out in love when correcting someone. I think that nowadays people like to correct to just show that they are better than others. The Lord really used Samuel when it came to Saul and his actions. Saul was disobeying the Lord in every way possible. He was defiant and went against the Lord’s orders. When Samuel went to rebuke Saul in chapter 13 Samuel went low to correct him with love. He didn’t become big-headed about it. He didn’t use the opportunity to show how much better he was than Saul. I think this is really important to keep in mind when we correct people. We need to go low and humble ourselves. We need to encourage and then correct and then encourage. We need to go about it in love. Everyone makes mistakes. If we correct in love then people are more likely to correct their actions and react to your correction with love. This is an important part of our walk with Christ. Jesus went out of love in all His corrections. We need to hold ourselves to that same standard.
I'm sorry
whether we actually died or not.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids Reduce Risk For Common Dysrhythmia
10:03 - Both girls outside, time to clean living room
Though my father was a liberal, he was a deeply authoritarian man and was frankly very conservative in his views towards life. My teenage rebellion sent him through the ceiling and broke his heart. His dear Bobby was betraying him. Such rage he felt.
The acting is brilliant. McCoy is unflinchingly cold in his surgical dismissal of Ace, and Aldred is achingly shattered as his words bring her own fears about herself to the surface.
An hour before we needed to leave, as I was looking around me aghast that I was still woefully behind, Farmer Boy came in from the cold drizzle and announced,
involved in an online writing community (not Authonomy). After college, I fell out of writing fiction, instead focusing on trades/technical writing as part of my profession. A couple years ago, an online writing friend from that site (who now goes by the writing alias, Anastasia Rabiyah) started encouraging me to get back into writing fiction. She had since co-founded an independent publishing company, called The Purple Sword Publications, which was geared toward romance and erotica writing. I told her the idea I had for a story and she helped me with the first draft. DotW was even published for nearly a year through The Purple Sword, but I eventually asked to have the rights back as I realized it needed a lot of work (That, and it wasn’t really a romance story, even if it did have romantic elements). Ana obliged me with my request, and I’ve significantly changed the story since (hopefully for the better). It went from 27K words to over 50K and has seen dramatic improvements thanks in part to a lot of helpful feedback from other authors, many of whom provided the feedback via the Authonomy website. I’m not exactly sure where the idea of DotW came from, I sometimes credit it to parts of different stories I’ve read and loved in the past, but I have to credit Anastasia for motivating me to write fiction again.
become the trees they are.
Congratulations! Please contact Arlana at sweetberrydesigns@hotmail.com to claim your prize! Be sure to grab your Grand Prize Banner along the sidebar to proudly display on your blog!
Woohoo! It's the first Saturday in April, and that means the Stampendous team has a brand new challenge for you. This month, in honor of Earth Day, we are challengeing ourselves (and you) to make something that uses product(s) that are recycled, repurposed, or reused in some way. The possibilities are endless! Snazz up a household item and turn it into something beautiful, use something unexpected on your card, or even just use up some scraps you've had in your stash forever (that's recycling, right?!?)
But don't worry, I Good Burp isn't going anywhere. I will still write blog post about beer and my adventures with beer. I will link both sites to each other so you can jump from one to the other. There is just going to be more Good Burp to love.
surrounding spirituality in regard to theory,
And besides…
Mr Page denies having made racist comments at the event on 6 September.
I learned early on never to drink anything while reading your comments on the Diva's group since I usually end up choking from laughter!!
Zawahiri had been running the day-to-day affairs of al-Qaeda, but bin Laden was still insisting on participating in major decisions. That situation led Zawahiri to propose during a series of meetings in August 2003 that bin Laden be forced to retire from active involvement in the organization's decisions. The other members of the shura supported him, according to all three former Mehsud tribal couriers.
Transnational Corporation of
D.H: Giants running the ball, running down the clock. 1st down and goal, 1:07.
We assumed that no one would try to pursue a scam claiming to represent the estate of the late Mr. von Niederhoffentanger.
As for both your arguments they lack proof and thus neither can exist. Mr. Atheist you are committing a fallacy where you say you must be right because there is no proof otherwise.Same thing to the rest of you there isn’t proof that he does exist and neither are bringing solid facts forward to prove otherwise which either way is an extremely daunting task all on its own.
However, the most likely explanation is a loss in confidence. After Van Persie returned from his injury, he was straight back in the first team and went on the amazing ‘second most goals in a calendar year’ run. During this period, with good reason, Chamakh barely got a look in. And since then, when he has played, he seems abject and never looks like scoring.
Looking forward to bustin the next couple weeks out and getting to Theresa's birthday and a two-week project shutdown! It will be nice to be home for a couple weeks straight to enjoy some time with Theresa and our family!
And to celebrate the new releases at YNS Karen is offering 15% off your entire order!!! Online Code is YNSFEB2012
"In certain instances they may be giving to charities and those charities don't, in all cases, do a great deal of charitable work."
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees
Ok, so maybe I'm not the most fashionable person ever but I did manage to change clothes at least once a day (usually more) and not run out of shampoo or lotion. I even had one extra pair of clean socks left over. I might have brought one more pair of jeans if I had to do it again. The two I brought covered a lot of mileage over 8 days. Don't worry the rest of my pictures aren't of me but are mostly of B in front of old famous stuff or food. You will love them.
To that end, another team at Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire, has developed a way of the infrastructure effectively monitoring itself, using software that watches the kernel.
I hesitate to say that this is it
So look out ennui. It’s time to get moving.
Beach, pool, or swimsuit episodes can often be irksome affairs when not done correctly, but fortunately Aquarion Evol avoided the typical pitfalls by getting the swimsuit part over with quickly and efficiently, then piling on the Aquarion Crazy. Apparently in this world, bananas, not apples, were the forbidden fruit the serpent offered Eve. Fudo had some awfully good arguments for why it’s a better choice. As for those milky geysers…was there an aquafer consisting of Ito-En Banana drink down there? That stuff is delicious.
MATTHEW: My most recent non-fiction, BOOTLEGGERS, LOBSTERMEN & LUMBERJACKS (Globe Pequot Press), which came out late 2010/early 2011, is a pulpy collection of gritty moments in the history of New England. Another volume in that series, SOURDOUGHS, CLAIM JUMPERS & DRY GULCHERS, containing gritty moments in the history of frontier prospecting, is coming out later this year/early next. And soon, I’ll be reissuing expanded, revised versions of my first three Western novels under my own imprint, Gritty Press. They are: WINTERS’ WAR, WRONG TOWN, and HOT LEAD, COLD HEART. All three are pulpy page turners and have only been previously released outside the US, so I’m excited about them…. Keep an eye out at www.matthewmayo.com for more info.
Suddenly, in front of him, a reflection hung, outlined by a strange, ethereal light. The Voice seemed to take on a corporeal manifestation and Mal’haran knew, rather, felt, that it was pointing straight at the reflection.
Let Not Your Heart Be Troubled
A parade led by the Snailhead Stilt Walker from 1000 Third St. S to 1 Dali Blvd., next to the Mahaffey Theater signaled the transition from the old
I’ll study at his feet.
A spokesperson for Australian Marriage Equality, Malcolm McPherson, himself a Christian, says the poll shows church leaders and Christian lobbyists who oppose same-sex marriage are not representative.
Police surrounded the campus, showering students with volleys of percussion and tear gas grenades and then stormed the area, arresting three student leaders and forcing the protesters out. As the protest left the campus, there were several clashes between students and police near the headquarters of the Ministry of Justice, at the Ministry of Education and at the Regional Security HQ. A taxi driver outside the Ministry of Justice was seriously injured after a direct hit from a gas grenade which struck him after shattering the side window of his vehicle. He was transferred to hospital unconscious and bleeding profusely.Among several reports of police brutality, injuries and arrests, was news of two students from the faculty of arts being taken by police to an unknown destination. They are still unaccounted for.
The average age of our potential recruits is about 20 and there's an innocence about them that belies their sartorial efforts. These are village kids, most of them will have never left their district and they've grown up together in a remote community. Reading their 'family books' I can see that they come from families of old fashioned size, 10 children is not uncommon. And many are supporting orphans from their extended families.
To get more mileage for your money everyday - see Get More Bites Outta Your Budget. Check out my Sweepstakes Page "Win Your Next Bite" - for more foodie promotions!
And then the guy emails, says it wasn't worth his time, and he wasn't interested in doing the job anymore. Yeah, he emailed that the night before he was supposed to get here. Great.
Tim: ummmmm NO!
~Commenting weekly on Inky Impression Challenge entries (you will be assigned 2 numbers for every 10 entries).
Make sure to stop by the SSD blog and visit the rest of the DT!
06 Pan Man
Our next playmate was Irene, with a really elegant card using an embossing folder for the background, lace and ribbon - and a beautifully stamped image. It's a Stickaroo image and I totally love the different colours that Irene applied to the stamp - a terrific result Irene. I can't see in the write-up just what inks Irene used, or how she applied them, but the delicate blending of the colours is certainly something I'd love to be able to do.
I tried to do the frontal shot of the point (a la No Pen Intended), but I do not have the skills to utilize my camera to the best of its abilities quite yet. As you can see, there are little fibrous hairs that compose the tip, and I do not know what the material is, but it seems like it could be some sort of plastic.
I can understand how taxing it would be for team anna,
The guy was a legend, a twisted freak whose literary voice was as singular and disturbing as just about anyone else in the game. Shit, the dude's actual voice was pretty fucking scary too.
I would gladly spend a lazy, rainy day in any of these rooms :)
1/4 teaspoon active dry yeast
Group Team Dynamics: Understanding the Overt and Covert Dynamics That Support Effective Work is a Post Graduate course description which gives an idea how detailed a subject Group Dynamics is, and an insight into how much an individual could potential be trained in it (even just at a Post Grad level)
CREAM LIQUEUR AND CREAM CHEESE BROWNIES
Hitherto, in descriptively treating of the Sperm Whale, I have chiefly dwelt upon the marvels of his outer aspect; or separately and in detail upon some few interior structural features. But to a large and thorough sweeping comprehension of him, it behoves me now to unbutton him still further, and untagging the points of his hose, unbuckling his garters, and casting loose the hooks and the eyes of the joints of his innermost bones, set him before you in his ultimatum; that is to say, in his unconditional skeleton.
Read NF, particularly psychology and sociology books. The more we study people, the easier it is to empathize and it will also ring as authentic. Read body language books. Read history. Read as much as you can. Then get out of your comfort zone and live life. Take risks. I jumped out of an airplane, but, in retrospect, I could have probably taken a pottery class and been fine. LIVE, then bring that to your craft. Get out among people. Listen to them. Study them. Take part in the human condition.
Now I have a very hard task to complete. My cousin lost her husband on Saturday afternoon after a long battle with cancer. He was in his early 30s. They have one daughter that they adopted about 7 years ago. I don't even know what to say. Please pray that I will be able to know how to comfort them. And please pray that their family will have peace at this time. I am so grateful that I know that families can be together for eternity--and I know that this knowledge also is helping them. But still. Prayers are always needed for LIFE.
Article 39: Confiscated infringing products should be destroyed, or should be disposed of in other suitable manners after approval of the infringed party.
So we have decided to take down the thin wall and build a new one - albeit a more sturdier, thicker and insulated wall! In the picture above you see that the walls went "bye, bye!" So how do you build a new wall? Well that would be trips to Home Depot, measuring, cutting, and making darn sure you know where the ceiling studs are!!! :)
This technique utilizes what many women think of as toys. It is a little more difficult and takes a little more muscle. Extra credit on this one if you wear a black “wife beater” shirt at the same time. Are you man enough?
****Then we jingle like crazy and do it again!!!!
and so it goes......
Those who choose to live out here revel in the Beach’s tempestuous personality. It takes a special breed to like living out here, and those that do, love it. Possibly because on a personal level, they too wrestle with the extremes that rock and roll our beloved Ocean Beach. Who knows. What I do know, is that I love it out here.
Some will be calm, others will be nervous, many exhausted and some particularly fragile kids will be in a state of utter terror and panic.
... and we are loving it! Our weather this year has been crazy. We had one of the mildest winters I can ever remember. But, it has probably snowed more in March than any other month. After it snows it all melts & warms back up to the 60's and 70's. So we are having snowstorms, then outside play weather all in the same week. I guess that's kinda how spring goes. So we've been taking advantage of both.
Last unrelated observation: I noticed some green shoots in the garden, and remembered that I had planted daffodils. Until they sprouted, I had completely forgotten. The joy of gardening. Soon it will be spring, but the forecasters say we have an arctic February to look forward to first.
I've been reading a lot about how critically praised If.... has been, how it won the Grand Prix at Cannes and has landed near the top of a lot of U.K. film lists. Frankly, I'm going to need to see it again to really decide what I think about all of this. It's an incredibly dense film, especially considering Anderson's disrupted narrative style. But it certainly made me anxious to find more of his work.
1 barrows
He leads me besides quiet waters,
Grandmother Tree Sculpture
No more Legos
Rob Kardashian- started with a lacklustre waltz. It was slow and pretty, but I think by the end he lacked the focus to keep his carriage and lines in full form. The judges though, were not so harsh giving him all 9′s to start with. His Freestyle was a real tribute to Cheryl Burkes genius. It started off graceful, and ended with booty shaking and energy. It was definitely a culmination dance… a dance that showed Rob’s transformation and skill level. Like at a recital, you give it your best shot…and that’s what Rob did. Kudos to Cheryl, it was a great Freestyle with tons of great moments and super high scores.
feeling of being repressed just because they were not born of the
When we finally got to Congresso we stopped off at Moncloa the café where we had met Maggi last year. So at close to midnight we had Submarino (Hot milk into which you melt chocolate) and medialunas, watching the never-ending traffic around the square, until it was time to catch our colectivo home.
I want to start living a simple life but I am afraid I will need something that I get rid of.
She told me to call her if anything changed between now and Friday.
King: What have you said? Surely you are kidding.
That's when I found the home of the Pod People. This giant contraption took up 1/3 of our patio. It was either a covered wagon or a barbecue. I couldn't be sure. I waited for Galadriel to emerge from her water treatment so she could help me take off the cover.
Statistics clearly indicate that higher BMI reading often means obesity. Obesity also increases your risk of getting a disease. So, by lowering your BMI readings you will improve your chances for good health. If your BMI is between 25 and 30, you should seek ways to lower BMI using diet and exercise. A BMI reading over 30 indicates an unhealthy condition. You may be at risk for serious medical problems. A change in your diet and exercise program is strongly encouraged.
She said the purpose of the gathering was merely to add Quincy’s voice to the statewide chorus of concern being expressed about the pension reform proposals being discussed.
“MacArthur Park is an investigation of the artist’s journey.” — Colson Whitehead
The cats are curious!
That attention to details that architects have and attention to the form and the geometry at the utility of things can be seen in each and every design of the shop.
The only party in the country that often uses race, religion and ethnic ‘rights’ to stay relevant in politics is UMNO. For this reason, UMNO does not deserve to talk about racial unity.
#5 ~ White Picket Fence on grid stamp; Black Archival Ink on face and word
Went to the Osaka Minami 2011 International Beer Festa last Sunday. This was a second round attempt by beer-related companies and restaurants to resurrect the former Osaka International Beer Summit, an annual three-day event which used to draw 20-30,000 people. In recent years, the festival venue had gone from the large plaza at the Osaka Sky Building all the way down to a few small bars along the Tanimachi subway line. The resuscitation began in earnest last year at a park in Itami city. This year's event was held at Minato River Place in Osaka's Namba ward.
Should you jump head-first into every big idea that comes to mind? Of course not. Regardless of what you're looking to create (whether a business, a non-profit, or a challenging new hobby, etc), it pays to be analytical, do your research, and have a solid sense of what you're getting yourself into. The problem is, no amount of research or planning can prepare you for the unknown of starting something new. Our bodies are programmed to fear the unknown, and no matter how many times we've succeeded in the past, this fear never goes away.
His lips quirked in a smile. “Many things, lady, but I would begin with your name.”
Today only Yoshitaka Amano himself came to the gallery to briefly talk with the audience about his work, as well as to personally meet and sign autographs for those who bought his work (I believe).
So t.v. will be interrupted for the next couple of weeks, not sure how much of the actual Olympics I will actually watch, hopefully it will be good and safe, very sad start for the Georgian team, and my sympathies are with Luger Nodar Kumaritashvili's family.
So, here is the funny part of my sheet changing day...I was watching Giada make something totally yummy on the food channel while I did my bed and I got the bed all put back together...blanket, comforter, pillows. Everything was tucked and straight and looking nice, I turn to walk out of the bedroom and there is the folded top sheet laying on the floor! I never put it on, dang it! I had to rip everything off again. See, I told you...easily distracted!
My favorite version of the Robin Hood story that I have read to date is also the one that makes some of the most severe changes. In Stephen Lawhead’s King Raven Trilogy, Robin is not an outlaw living in the Sherwood Forest fighting against the evil Prince John who is trying to usurp his brother’s throne. Instead, Bran ap Brychan is a Welsh Prince who is forced to live in the Greenwood when Norman invaders steal his land and home. Even with the very different time and location, though, the heart of the story is true to the modern day legend we have grown to love and there are many familiar faces that crop up throughout.
There are only about fifty Honus Wagner's cards but most of them are in poor condition. Wagner did not want his image on a tobacco card and was therefore removed from the set which already make his card harder to obtain. The book is about the one known as The Card. Once owned by hockey legend Wayne Gretzky, this card is in excellent condition and that's the problem. The Card is possibly in too good condition. You can refinish classic antiques and paintings get retouched but baseball cards must not be altered. There are card doctors who remove stains, smooth out wrinkles, build up soft corners, change memorabilia patches, and laser rough edges. The book explores the serious doubts about the authenticity of The Card and its current condition.
"I was hospitalised for three days! Three days! Sexually assaulted and left for dead and you want me to forget about it?"
1. Sing with thanksgiving
Are you already looking forward to Thing-a-day 2013?
Welcome to my new followers thank you so much for joining me, and thanks to everyone for all your lovely comments...I'm adjusting to not going to 'My Lady' everyday..and will visit her as she is not too far away....but right now, the boys are on their way, so better get my toast, or I will be standing there making breakfast number two for them...
They loved the facts in this book!! I have to admit, it was really interesting, and the kids were engaged. We then used the computer to bring up some images of insects with the projector so they could see what they really looked like. (Some of the pictures are drawn images in the book). Then students wrote a sentence about something they found interesting from the story and illustrated it.
A good Amish mystery, you don't generally think of the Amish being wrapped in mystery and death, you think of them as peaceful. Problem is, they're human too, just like the rest of us there are the good and the bad, and every know and then the bad takes a turn for the worse and the unthinkable happens.
Alright, so that’s all for now. Y’all gonna see 4:3 aspect ratio rather than 3:2 aspect ratio, which suck dix! ROFL. *Wishes my 550D will really be fixed in no time HAHAHA!*
The truth, in short, is that neither the state government nor the central government has taken cognizance of this human problem in Jammu province and the result is that these refugees have been unsuccessfully moving heaven and earth to get their issue suitably addressed. It is extremely unlikely that their dharna at Jantar Mantar would produce the desired results. The reason is that the Kashmiri representatives are well-entrenched in the New Delhi’s corridors of power. They will surely play a dirty role and defeat all of the moves of these oppressed, suppressed and abandoned refugees. They have been opposing the refugees’ demands right from day one saying grant of citizenship rights to them would not only change the demography of the province but would also increase its representation in the state legislature. It must remain a matter of shame that that we have in our country a group of people are not considered fit for exercising the rights which are available to everyone in the state and outside.
The real reason we were in Sydney though was to visit our friend Patricia. She came to our hotel on her way back from work, and that evening we traipsed around Potts Point and Kings Cross for an hour trying to find a nice place for dinner. In the end we dined about 50 metres from our hotel, at Fratelli Paradiso. My goodness - it was so good. Possibly one of the best meals I've had in Sydney, and I failed to take a photo of my pasta scampi, or my pannacotta, or Patricia's delicious looking cannoli. You'll just have to believe me. It was really good.
So awhile back, Alycia from Crowley Party made an announcement about a New Year Blogging Party. I instantly knew that I wanted to be a part of it. I love meeting new bloggers and building new friendships!
Honey-dipped, toasted coconut topping: Warm a few tablespoons of honey in a saucer. Toast some coconut flakes for about 5 minutes at 300 degrees F. Dip each donut in the honey and then in the toasted coconut.
The weather was lovely here for my "happy couple" who got married today .. .. though a tad chilly for standing around in dresses with no sleeves (that would be the bride and bridesmaids .. .. not me!!!).
We know a few things about the Smith’s sculptures. For instance, we meet John, a lonely rock hound roaming the universe in Geologist John, 2005. Wearing flannel and equipped with a rock hammer, John has presumably left the earth to live and work in the crevices and craters of the stellar entities he studies. His workshop, bedroom, and bathroom are carved in asteroids. He commutes from home to other planets facing the wrong way on a pterodactyl. His discoveries on these planets are laden with fanciful terrains and unexplained archeological sites: an unearthed skeleton who died while mowing the lawn, a truck crash landed onto some sort of craggy precipice, and a delightful depiction of a motor-home, split through the middle by the growth of a strange tree. These little curios are set in landscapes that are not overly bizarre. The settings look much like some parts of Australia or other remotes places on earth but are definitely meant to be slightly off kilter, slightly unlike our homes on earth.
I like living with a "can do" mindset.In my experience ( over the last 2 or 3 years ) it is amazing how things slot into place when you have a positive attitude.I've found that being open to making a thing happen enables creative thinking for solutions and that compromise happens easily because of the genuine attempt to make something happen.
Even with a broken leg and a suspension, he would have been itching to play at the Nou Camp that night. He’ll get his chance in a fortnight.
I wish my heart is made of iron
I thought I had given up my job to come home and start a family with my husband. He, being six years older than me, had wanted that for awhile. It took me a little longer to get to that spot but that is the stage of life I thought we had reached together.
we were promised to another
Rag Doll
So we drove back to the Country Inn.
Medron Automatic Blood Pressure Monitor also comes with monitoring software that helps you
Well I choose a road bike, mainly due to budget(tri bikes cost more)! When I bought my bike I knew it would have to last me about 4-5 years(possibly more), so I bought one that I knew I could easily upgrade to make more aerodynamic and comfortable!
you will be, a better person because you lived, though love.
Add the chopped tomato and continue cooking till it is nice and mushy. Oil doesn't really have to leave the sides, but make sure the tomato is cooked thoroughly.
Up Against The Wall (Original Radio Edit) Electronica 120 bpm 3:13
Good morning to all!!! Week end is coming and I think it will be really busy!! Yesterday I made a lot of chocolate cookies and butter cookies and today I will make the Speculoos..... these cookies are so good!! So I think I will never have time to post my new works....... unless I'll have to have a insomnia attack LOL
You’re Napoleon Brandy.
27. “If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten.” -Tony Robbins
(Side note: this made me realize how tiny craft paint bottles are at the craft store compared to the Dollar Store ones! and double the price, too)
I am the true vine, and my Father is the husbandman. Every branch in me that beareth not fruit he taketh away: and every branch that beareth fruit, he purgeth it, that it may bring forth more fruit.
What is ironic is that Buncheong was devalued in by the upper classes and nobility in Korea in favor of more ornate porcelain. Yet, the spare aesthetic was admired by Japanese potters and influenced the development of the bowls and cups used in the Japanese tea ceremony.
All throughout the day, and into the cold night
NOTE: You can only visit the Vasari Corridor booking (well in advance) a guided visit directly through Polo Museale Fiorentino or a touring company of your choice (I have my preferences and I will share with you by request).
Only love can fill
Then he was on a roll. He wanted to make a funnel out of a piece of paper and build a road with toothpick speed bumps for his Hot Wheels to motor over. And this carried on for hours. One idea inspired another served as the impetus for yet another. The freedom of homeschooling nurtured that. It’s a beautiful thing.
The approved Year 3 (2012-2013) school sites are:
The trade name Master Baiter’s ® Sportfishing and Tackle is protected under trade mark law and is the sole property of Stan Gabruk.
(Three days later Amex call - $2,200 on wine? they ask.)
I’d also noticed this over the years of reading historical romances and can only say that they were social hot spots during the Regency Period (1811-1820) and similar to how an author of a contemporary novel set in a particular city names famous landmarks to establish the setting and provide local color. Basically, regardless of genre, these well-known landmarks are a type of shorthand between the author and reader.
Because after all the hype and crunching of numbers neither Usain Bolt nor Tyson Gay were in the race. They are the two best turn runners in the business hands down and change the dynamics of any race they are in – because they have the ability to take you out of your comfort zone. Also expected to be back and healthy next year is Wallace Spearmon – he owns a 19.65 PR; is the man that was ahead of Blake last year at 19.79 when Blake ran 19.85; and may be the best closer in the business. Christophe Lemaitre though still learning this event, scorched 19.80 behind Bolt and Dix in Daegu and has huge upside potential. So I go back to what I said at the beginning of THIS year – this will be the hottest event in London.
The Uphill Slog – Chapter Six on Self-Publishing
It’s Oscar here, by the way. And I hate the rain.
NTLDU Blog (ntldublog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
The Tottenham Marshes gave us a variety of artworks to look at and also sleepy fisherman trying to catch dinner. With our stomach’s rumbling we stopped when we saw the ”Riverside Cafe’ sign hanging over the path. Resting on a picnic table next to the Lea River, we sat in the brilliant sunshine drinking our cups of tea and happily tucking into our food.
8. I Love Him (Williams)
Beacon Hill Hotel & Bistro presents a special dish “Quinault Tribe Steelhead Trout with Wild Mushrooms, Orange Scented Beets and Pickled Saltwort ($27)” on its menu for a limited time. The Steelhead Trout comes directly from the Quinault Indian Nation (QIN).
Favorite Line: “Maybe I deserve for you to say, ‘Yes, I cheated on you.’ / And I won’t care ‘cause after all I put you through”
This wasn't as bad as when they sent my blood work to the wrong lab last year and cost me $1100.00, but I may think so come Sunday night.
The ringmaster – bloated arse that he was – chortled away and handed the little chap a crisp banknote without asking for change.
Again, Thank you so very much to the 820th Combat Operation Squadron Booster Club. Every bit of money raised for our DS group helps to promote diversity and awareness for all people!!
Well I’m going to call it a night. I’m tired. My sore on my butt is healing up real good, I’m out of medication, so now it’s going to have to heal on it’s on. Then I have to go back to the Surgeon on May 11 to have the Cyst removed.
She called 911.
Vern’s composition “What Are We Gonna Do About Me” attempts to show the perspective of a the child in divorce proceedings. The perspective of the child is a sad perspective, no doubt, when the topic is divorce. My folks were married for 54 years so it’s not a matter I personally ever had to face. “Gone in a Heartbeat” is another slow ballad provided by other writers. A cautionary ballad about taking someone for granted.
Stan sent two photos, the first of Hitch having his famous conversation with Mason Crumpacker at the Texas Freethought C0nvention.
And one last little teaser, Shabby Apple contacted me recently and we have a giveaway in the works for you guys! Stay tuned, I will have it posted in the next week or so!
The only positive thing to happen to her after the cha-cha heel incident was her acceptance as a regular customer at the exclusive Lipstick Beauty Salon (you have to go through a rigorous audition). Run by the dictatorial Donald and Donna Dasher, Dawn experiences a brief taste of happiness at the selective salon. Brief, because the Dasher's are making plans for Dawn, sinister plans.
And let me just, Ben, comment on this whole issue of tax increases, because there’s been a lot of information floating around there. I want to be crystal clear — nobody has talked about increasing taxes now. Nobody has talked about increases –increasing taxes next year. What we have talked about is that starting in 2013, that we have gotten rid of some of these egregious loopholes that are benefiting corporate jet owners or oil companies at a time where they’re making billions of dollars of profits. What we have said is as part of a broader package we should have revenues, and the best place to get those revenues are from folks like me who have been extraordinarily fortunate, and that millionaires and billionaires can afford to pay a little bit more — going back to the Bush tax rates.
But what 'makes' the trees turn color? What happens to the leaves to make them 'turn colors'? How does this happen? All good questions and I hope I can answer a few of them today!
Dearest Love,
"So, Frau Fancy, as you can see the Whackashocker is a low voltage Slipashooter. That means this here wire--which is much longer but I bravely sliced through it with your kitchen shears, with no thought to my own health and safety seeing as how important I know this is to you---has become as brittle as your mother-in-law's overbleached hair."
A:Depends how much you've been drinking.
They also got his hair.
This should say SHALL, no exception.
And we don’t mind it one bit that the rest of the world races on past us, deleting a few things from its memory, on its way to faster and more perfect.
Truth proves to be a likeable, if infuriating, character with a novel mode of expression: “glib dipped in eloquence and then rolled in a coating of irony,” to quote one reviewer. He knows everything and has no qualms revealing intimate details of lives of the people who cross his path while he’s with Jonathan. He’s quite indiscriminate. The same reviewer described him as “one of the most endearing antagonists I have come across.” Comparisons with Peter Cook’s devil in Bedazzled are not unreasonable.
the time when he would show me the least concern? when i was sick. including my PPD and PPA sessions.
1. got to visit with this cute thing. here is my nephew, ezekiel, eating fruit leather and interrupting a game of ping-pong by crawling onto the ping-pong table!
AUGUSTA, Ga. (AP) — The golf writer for the New York Times told a website Thursday she wouldn’t want to cover the Masters again until Augusta National invites a woman to be a member.
Thing is, even then we’re giving them too much credit.
I started thinking about how much I used to stress out about not doing things 'properly' or 'the right way', and how I used to get stuck in the middle of stories with no idea where to go next, a cold sweat broke out on my brow. I decided it might take more than one post to cover this sprawling topic in a useful way.
They can be stuffed with your favorite sandwich ingredients, wrapped in plastic wrap and frozen for later. Make as many as you can fit in the freezer!
Couple?: No.
Lush runs a light. Gets himself killed.
or performing acrobatics of sin while
It is our understanding on the 9th of November, Sewanee will host Mr. Tim Wise to speak to your students regarding "racism."
"We're in a Sherim. I sensed it while we were waking Dora."
In the corner of some foreign field that will make him so famous
In other Jones news, we acquired yet another pet. While at the pet store looking for a dog dish for Izzy, Parker spotted a fish. "Oh, sure" mom said... Meet Blueberry:
The bus continued west and we passed the McGillicuddy Reeks and made our way to the town of Kells. Here we stopped and there was the option to go see a demonstration by a shepherd with his dogs and sheep. We decided to skip this and waited on the bus until the demonstration was over.
Kidzania. Evil genius.
I’ll tell you right up front—WATER is devastating. My characters endure trauma that I wouldn’t wish on anyone. But I don’t think this book is important because of the suffering. It is important because of the hope that rests beneath the parched surface of this story: the idea that you can find family if you are brave enough to let down your defenses; you can make a home for yourself, even out of the dust.
20-What is your guiltiest pleasure?
What kind of monster brings a child into this world?
Cricut Art Philosophy cartridge: banner
One who works for Kṛṣṇa may appear to be working like anyone else in the material world, but this is not the case. Arjuna may have fought just like an ordinary military man, but because he fought in Kṛṣṇa consciousness, he was free from the entanglement of his activities. In this way, his work, although appearing material, was not material at all. Any action sanctioned by Kṛṣṇa—regardless of what it may be—has no reaction. Fighting may not be a very nice thing, but sometimes, as in the case of the Battle of Kurukṣetra, it is an absolute necessity. On the other hand, we may perform work which may be very altruistic or humanitarian in the opinion of the world and yet be bound to material activity. So it is not the action itself which is important but the consciousness in which the action is carried out.
Here are a couple of ideas I have for my purchases:
On Monday unfortunately my body mutinied and decided there was no way it was going to allow me out go out and check the EP launch for Gentleman’s Dub Club. Big shame as they’re one of my favourite live bands and the new EP is a killer. Have a listen:
Our garden needs some attention now to clean it up. But we are also waiting for when we are ready to plant, so not to disturb the critters living in our dirt, during the cold months, or even before we are ready to plant.
I love the Omni because I can have a diaper pre-stuffed for a sitter/grandma and not worry about leaking due to the insert being used improperly. I also like to stick a doubler in the pocket, then snap in an insert. Don't know why, this seems to work for me though. :)
In same skillet, cook chicken over med-high heat until no longer pink. Return peppers and onion, heat through.
Day 168 – January 6, 2012
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAY! I’ve watched all the Die Hard films! And if you’re pulling a face right now then stop it. They’re good fun and who doesn’t love a bit of what Willis is talkin’ about? So far, the Die Hards have gone like so: Brilliant, to Good, to Meh, and now it’s back to Good with a smidgeon of self deprecating irony thrown in there for good measure.
“I don’t know.”
I was also unaware that when Labour were returned to power, Blair felt obliged, due to his long but mostly anonymous service, to give him a ministerial prize as a sort of New Labour gold watch, he was given the post of Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster. This is at best a one day a week job, where the bulk of the work is done by an actual deputy, thus freeing up the MP to loaf around pretending
As the film is brand new, and promoted by a bit of a media frenzy, I'd expected the place to be quite busy. However, this is comfortably numb suburbia we're talking here, and with Mission Impossible and Alvin and his bleedin' Chipmunks also vying for short-spanned attentions, is it any surprise that only ten souls had ventured out to sprinkle themselves sparsely around and watch something a trifle more thoughtful.
One thing that I have had to share with my family and friends this year is the idea that homeschooling is not just about school. It is about life. Homeschooling is not just doing the math, reading, and writing in our house instead of in the building down the road. Homeschooling is a lifestyle I've chosen in order to support the goals I have for my children. *This* is what I want to get across to those out there who cannot understand my reasons for wanting to keep my children with me through the day. There is a much bigger picture I have in mind when I plan out each and every one of our days.
Locked between their pages little bits of coloured card. Each infused with one of my favourite perfumes.
While Bryzgalov has played well down the stretch, Fleury is the goaltender who has been to the promised land and back. With both teams coming out nearly even in offensive and defensive depth, not to mention having two of the best playoff coaches in the league, this series will probably come down to goaltending. I give the edge to Pittsburgh.
Of what could be rather than what is
I'm not normally tired.I don't need much sleep,I can manage on 5 hours per night with no ill effects.Having twins who were never in synch(still aren't)but woke alternately every two hours for the first two years of their lives was the perfect training ground to cope with my current status.
If I don’t have You, Jesus?
With all these options, what is a girl to do? Especially when her doctor doesn't really think any of them work, besides the doctors moving him manually in what is called a version.
There seems to be a sort of blog rat race going on that I am quite happy to watch scurrying by me as it heads towards its inevitable end off Blogger Burnout Cliff. Lately I got a whiff of some competition to leave 500 comments. Have you all gone completely mad? Between your jobs, posting, facebooking and twittering and setting yourselves these unreasonable goals do you actually have time to do anything else? If you are posting daily chances are people like me are only getting around to read one fifth of your posts anyway or skim read several in one Google reader fest.
THE RAPE INTERVIEW:
• A leaflet giving general guidance on first aid, eg HSE’s leaflet: Basic advice on first aid at work;
I just wanted to share this Thanksgiving favorite with you. Any book that has a game called "Pricilla, Where Art Thou?" based on John Alden and Priscilla Mullins has got to be worth something!
As of the one I love.
Seattle Police Detective Jeff Kappel said the shooting occurred about 11:30 p.m. in a bar in the 500 block of Northeast Northgate Way.
Electric Guest definitely rides a retro groove–in their case, soul, funk, and R&B–and it kinda reminds me a bit of Gnarls Barkley. They sounded great, but I couldn’t help but wonder how genuinely “soulful” this music really is to them and whether it’s really more of a derivative thing. But that quibble aside, I highly recommend this album and I also strongly recommend these guys as an excellent live show. But if they’re coming to your town, act fast. Their reputation is growing, and their shows are selling out.
August 23, 2010; 11:05 AM ET
*Improve digestion – keep your system moving
4x Glacial Fortress
In Acts 2 Luke records a snapshot of the early church that gives us an insight into what ‘building ourselves up in the faith’ is. Luke records that those who were part of the early church devoted themselves to the teaching of the apostles, to fellowship and also communion. In truth, it isn’t much different to what we’re doing here. But for the church in those times the truth of the gospel, what Jesus had done for them and the work of the Holy Spirit, was the most liberating truth they’d ever known. Quite literally, the truth of Jesus had set them completely free.
2. Run the iExplorer program
At first, it was a beautiful relationship. It was passionate and, I thought, special. With just one new friend, I had a veritable fire hose of information blasting through my home, making my eyes blur, ears bleed and brain shiver.
She is a really lovely little girly but don't be mistaken by the butter wouldn't melt look in her eyes. She is a bit of a naughty one. On the grass, chewing shoes, weeing on the rug etc: You name it she is bound to do or match it with something even worse.
They will tell you they are descended from the gods, but this is not true.
Mattie blinked at the words like a cloud of dust as Jack clarified, “Metaphorically speaking. You won’t actually get your own beanstalk.”
We have a full blown crawler on our hands! He started really crawling at 9.5 months (actual age) which considering how far he has come is amazing! His therapy is working wonders and now I feel like it is making my baby get big a little too fast :( but I am so happy that he is doing so well! He is not at all picky as to where he crawls...the crib after (or during naps), carpet, tile, wood floors. The poor baby needs knee pads cause his little knees are always red! He is loving his new method of transportation and is getting really fast at it!!
Good luck and see you on the 16th of April! Happy Easter!
Recently, I needed to make a quick card for a friend who just had a baby boy so I decided to switch things up a bit and make this sweet little card.
That straight women, lesbians and transgendered people had to create safe spaces for themselves at the Occupy Wall Street encampment in New York City by erecting a large tent for women and another large tent for women and transgendered people speaks for itself. Social struggles such as these were (and are) discussed at great length within the Occupy movement, but that they are necessary speaks to the inability of Left movements to adequately confront them. I stress here that I am not pointing a finger at the Occupy movement; rather, I am noting a symptom of how deeply racism, sexism, homophobia, nationalism, anti-Semitism and other social ills are imbedded in the capitalist society that envelops all of us.
If you don’t love it and/or you don’t use it, it’s clutter. It’s the perfect time to embrace the Feng Shui art of uncluttered living. Feng Shui teaches that if energy can easily flow through a room, your life will be more harmonious and happy–and clutter is an obstacle to reaching this relaxed and calm state.
A: I was a big reader as early as I can remember, and read just about anything I could get my hands on, but rarely did those books have characters of color. I still enjoyed reading them, but wondered why I didn’t see faces like mine in my early picture books, or later, why kids like those I saw every day in my neighborhood didn’t show up in fiction. Were we not interesting or pretty or smart enough to be part of the story? So I want to give young readers of color a chance to read stories that aren’t about race or cultural history and identity but do include characters of color experiencing the same fun/angst/tragedy/romance/fear that white characters get to in YA books. Kids everywhere, no matter their race or cultural perspective, have to deal with the same issues on the way to growing up.
Now, that’s not to say it’s not a decent film. On the contrary. I quite enjoyed it. Much more than I anticipated. (Which wasn’t much, from what I knew about the film beforehand.) It’s a fun, if predictable, romp with a bunch of elderly people. There’s more than enough comedy to keep you entertained and invested in the story.
Finally for today a little bit of blogging fun - if you have big problems (like me) keeping your craft room tidy you will sympathise with Jo Capper Sandon on her post HERE!
Davidson believes that N2O emissions can be reduced through better management of fertilizer and manure sources, as well as reducing the developed world’s per capita meat consumption to relieve pressure on fertilizer demand and reduce growth in the amount of manure being produced.
NNNNNNEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
"You here to make us look bad?" one of the officers asked me, while I took pictures.
Wisconsin Emergency Management, ReadyWisconsin and the National Weather Service have planned a series of special efforts to promote storm safety including:
Though Follies ran 522 performances, it ultimately lost money in its Broadway run. It did earn 11 Tony nominations and won seven, though it lost best musical to Two Gentlemen of Verona even though Sondheim won score and Prince and Bennett won direction. Given its less-than-successful original run and the expensive production itself, there had been no rush to mount a Broadway revival. There was a 1986 all-star concert version mounted at the New York Philharmonic, mainly to create a more complete recording than the 1971 OCR. A documentary of the concert with many of the performances is available on DVD, but it just gives you a taste. There is no commercially available record of a complete production as there is with so many other Sondheim shows for people unable to see stage versions to watch.
Here is what I had and you'll need if you're going to make these.
To make a quick and easy disposable paper piping bag, you need a triangle of baking paper. The triangle must be equilateral – ie have two sides of the same length. I like to take the roll of paper and fold over one corner back to the length - then cut up where the two triangles join. That give me a large square with a diagonal fold up the middle. I then cut down the fold and end up with two indentical triangles.
Voila! Low fat, spicy, hot, and delicious.
My colleagues tell me that September/October is a time when there is rain, though not as much as the semi-torrential rain that we have witnessed for the past couple of days. The official rainy season is actually around June/July, so when we get cats-and-dogs rain in short starts like this, I can only wonder one thing:
Thus ended a tiring wargaming night. For the record "no quarter" was taken over this last stand but the owning player of the figures stopped me short and said I was not allowed to break the figures off the base despite the urge, only kidding.
I like looking at things that are moving that’s why I like staring out of a window of a moving vehicle. I like to watch the colors blur as the car I’m in speeds through everything. I especially like the windows of busses because I’m elevated, and I see everything.
I have friends who are stay at home moms. They seem to love what they do. They seem competent and fulfilled. I'm certain they have bad days and don't always feel appreciated, but for the most part, they appear happy with their role.
Cake collars is a neat trick. I like the size of the 7" round and will continue using this method but hold back on some of that batter. A little waste isn't worth the time or the risk of under-cooking.
and found it VERY intriguing ... and just a TEENSY bit unrealistic. I decided to take on the challenge - in my own fashion (*cough-half-assed-cough*)
Rodman is scheduled for a court hearing in Orange County, California on Tuesday.
Goes home : Hollie :(
Maybe ZZ Top’s Beer Drinkers and Hell Raisers.
I made the little buds by punching out the little circles with a 1/16th inch hole punch, and pushing them down in some foam with the end of a crochet hook, and putting a dab of liquid pearls in the center.
something more like; When you go to a check out and hand
On Tuesday 1 February, Dewani's publicist Max Clifford said his client was still ill and would not be present at the 8 February hearing.
A bit later that evening we walked through the line to say our final good-byes. I walked by you but I didn’t say a word. I didn’t think anything. I was silent. But I was used to being silent when it came to you.
“It’s a semi-detached house joined onto yours! It’s identical. There aren’t dungeons, secret sweat shops or chains and whips! But no… no you’re right. You can come in. You can inspect the environment. Although I’m totally opposed to state interference and inference, you can come in.”
RCSS (Superstore) is having its No Tax Event this weekend (June 19-20) and I decided to check it out since I had a few Free Product Coupons (FPCs) burning a hole in my purse.
Upon arrival in Taos some dozen years ago, I assumed that I would shortly encounter other forward/backward-thinking musicians with the shared intention of making a gigantic racket. This is an Art town after all, and where there’s Art there’s normally an accompanying healthy musical environment. Sadly—and in true Taos-as-contradiction fashion—this was not the case. There were (and still are), of course, a small number of bands who broke out of their respective garages long enough to play one (ware-) house party before disappearing again, but for the most part, what you see today featured in the bars and at the occasional summer music festival held true then: there is simply no evidence of authentic Rock and Roll to be found among the Jazzbos, jammy world-music poseurs and pseudo Country and Blues groups who cater to the local tourist crowd. Why is this, I wondered (I know a number of people hereabouts with exemplary tastes in music, folks who won’t hesitate to make the five-plus hour drive just to see Yo La Tengo play in Denver)? The obvious answer is that Rock doesn’t make money these days, it’s not propitious to the true Taos experience, it’s noisy and upsets the vacationers (Texans don’t like Rock? Since when?), it attracts an unpredictable audience—they don’t drink enough, they drink too much …
I finally kind of gave up and went an got back in the bed. BH said to me, "She's a cat. She's only been out a couple of hours. She'll be fine."
There have been years where I swore off the internet for 40 days, even opting to do things like research papers "old school" style using actual libraries. Funny enough those semester grades were always a bit higher than others.
Usually it would be no problem to change around our schedule.....BUT I had all our dining set. So I went in and checked to see if I could get the restaurants we wanted if I switched around the days a bit...and guess what.....everything was available! I was so so excited!!!! One of our reservations has to be a bit earlier than we'd like, but I think it will be fine.
Cartographile in Moria
"People need to understand that they are the product of Facebook and not the customer," says media theorist and writer Douglas Rushkoff. And the same applies for online content. If you are not paying a price for the story that you read, then you are being sold to someone else for their commercial purposes. The problem for the media is that the clicks that they monetise and that you provide are not paying them enough to support the model indefinitely. Which is why Rupert Murdoch has turned the Australian and the Herald-Sun into paid-for websites. He's moving cautiously. He has many other news websites in Australia to still get to, but they will all go paid eventually. As will Fairfax, which operates the Sydney Morning Herald and the Age of Melbourne. It has to happen.
I welcome any additions to the list.
Please join us for an issue forum on Wednesday, May 16, 2012, 12:00 – 1:30 p.m. (EDT) at Mathematica’s Washington, DC, office (1100 First Street, NE, Washington, DC) to learn more about:
We began by filling our stomachs with free wine and hors d’oeuvres at the dozen-or-so art galleries near our house. Then we grabbed coffee to set our already-revved minds into a whir of thoughts. We live in the heart of the city, but in twenty minutes in any direction we can envelop ourselves with the scent of pine and dirt, the chirping of insects and the prying stares of a million blinking stars. We played music that gently strums with the rhythm of the wind on the rolling horizon as the air chilled our throats and our lungs gasped as if they hadn’t breathed in months.
In conclusion, an enjoyable piece of short fiction with a steamy concept, but I’m definitely more excited about the full-length novels that both authors plan on releasing later in 2012.
The process is quick: cook and cool. I wouldn't say this blew my mind, but I think it's a great base to start experimenting more with tapioca pearls. Almond extract and crunchy slivered almonds would have been enjoyable, as would be upping the vanilla factor by a few drops.
Nonetheless, this “occult economy” is the most dangerous thing you can possibly talk about in public. It is vastly more classified than the UFO subject, for example. The secrecy around it has been very good — until recently.
“If it starts, I’m joining the Church!!”
Like I say, I have absolutely loved sharing my woes and wonders, my thoughtless thoughts and my foul mouthed meanderings with you. Ach I'm welling up. I hope I have made you laugh and I hope you have learned to love the waiters in your life. We are a noble breed, filled with compassion and charisma and an overwhelming sense of......ha! I cant even write that with a straight face. Seriously if you have learned nothing from me, and I assume you have learned exactly that then please just follow this simple advice - eat, pay, tip, leave or the waiter is gonna write about you on their blog.
“Keep the Commandments”
We decided then it was time to meet up and explore some buildings together. The day had come and we went out to a place in Altona. it was pretty good. I had been there before but mask hadn’t. we chatted, smoked too many cigarettes and took photos of the place. Then it was onto the next place. Bradmill.
God is so killing you. You know how? With a lion. That's right, God is going to have you killed by a freaking LION. Read 1 Kings if you think I'm making that up. He'd so do it because he's done it before.
There is no merit in the contention that Commonwealth Act No. 671 was enacted by virtue of the war powers of the Congress. As the Act itself expressly states, its basis is section 26 of Article VI of the Constitution which merely authorizes delegation of legislative powers to the President in times of war or other national emergency. The phrase “in times of war or other national emergency” is solely indicative or descriptive of the occasions during which the delegation may be extended and does not classify the act of delegating legislative functions as a war power. It must be borne in mind that said section 26 is peculiar to our Constitution, with the result that the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States cited on behalf of the respondents, expounding the theory that the exercise by the President of his war powers granted by the Congress cannot be interfered with by the courts, are not controlling. Particularly, the case of Ludecke vs. Watkins, 92 L. ed., 1883, in which the opinion of the United States Supreme Court was written by Mr. Justice Frankfurter, cannot apply, for the further reason that it merely involved the power of deportation which, even in our jurisdiction, is recognized, it being the rule here that the courts cannot control the right of the Chief Executive to determine the existence or sufficiency of the facts justifying an order of deportation. Upon the other hand, the war power of the President is separately covered by section 10, paragraph (2), of Article VII, and that of the Congress by section 25.
And when the storm comes, and the mighty wind shakes the forest, and thunder and lightning proclaim the majesty of the sky, - then let your heart say in awe, 'God moves in passion.'
Below are the tips that I think have made me successful thus far!
Yesterday was the third and last qualification competition for the National Championships which are to be held in March. All things told, it was a reasonably relaxed day with only 45 participants, although there was the usual mix of tension and apprehension in play at any given moment.
and then usually i steal money from his wallet and buy it for myself.
But today I really feel like crap. I tried to treat it like any other day. Gift-wrapped a little slack for myself. No guilt allowed. It was nice. Not enough, but nice. Next year I’ll try something else.
Passion called and I would blow it.
That is not to say that I promote the AFN as "the" vehicle or voice of First Nations, as that inherent authority rests with each Indigenous Nation. However, I do believe that the NIB used to serve a very powerful political and advocacy role in highlighting First Nation issues, bringing international attention to bear, and advocating at the national political level. There is no doubt that AFN has fallen off track in a major way and I don't blame individuals for thinking it is useless and even harmful. I think it is doing far more harm to us now than good. If it stays this way, I will continue to advocate against it.
It's a good thing I decided to give the slides a chance! I've just discovered a wonderful artist from Kazakhstan, Akzhana Abdalieva. I love these paintings especially, because the tone and imagery reminds me of Ayten and Devran from my story Rome, Rhymes and Risk:
Schumann – Fantasiestücke, op.12, nos 2 and 3
The paraphernalia sold by Three Rivers Archery is of Olympic standard. That is to say that their recurve bows match up to the requirements established by the Olympic committee. Their traditional selfbows are genuine replicas of original longbows.
I'm hoping my generous and hardworking readers of Week of Menus can take a moment to give to the kids of Haiti. I am hoping to provide $1000 in funds for the organization,Messengers of Mercy, to feed some hungry children in Haiti. Messengers of Mercy is working on a program to not just feed children, but to provide them with means to feed themselves. It's not just about giving them fish, but instead teaching them how to fish. I have almost 700 fans on Facebook, and if each of my fans merely donates $1, I will have $700 to give to Messengers of Mercy.
JULIE BOWEN / Claire Dunphy – “MODERN FAMILY” (ABC)
nursing, quiet time – and even a car ride to nowhere can't convince him to close his little eyes and snooze.
2/3 tsp salt
Five Optional Extra Entries:
The Championship could help him improve his game but players do not like to be relegated so look out for Davies making a last ditch move for top flight football next season.
hateful
I started with an early rise and then yoga class, followed by one of my favorite things in the entire world: garden supplies. I quickly high-tailed it to the greenhouse, picked up some potting soil and some seed packets and a little seed germinating greenhouse thingy. (Did I just type that? wow. sad.)
Me with my cousin Claire. She lives in Boston so I don't get to see her that often. She is 9 years younger than me but a foot taller than me (I am the shortest person in my entire extended family and I am 5'6). Claire knits beautifully and owns an Etsy shop called Tumble Tower.
I recently helped my sweet friend Katie give her living room curtains a little face lift. In our neighborhood, the homes are all pretty old, built around the turn of the century-1920ish, row homes. They are awesome! But it can make curtain buying difficult, especially when you are renting (like Katie) and don't want to invest major $$$ on custom curtain lengths.
San Francisco, CA
10-Standin' Around Crying
He is a motocross rider and his fave drink right now is real leaf.
This is moving along fairly quickly. It helps that I love the yarn (Frog Tree Pediboo), and that most of the rows are stockinette, so I can read while I'm knitting (which I did this last weekend; Nook finally has my favorite Bujold books available, so I got a couple, along with Reich's latest ebook release, which I highly recommend, if anyone is looking for something that will make them think, and perhaps foam at the mouth, in a good sort of way). It's not a difficult or mind-consuming knit, but a fun one. I'm done with the striping, so now it's only the gray border to go. And I have a two-hour Senate meeting this afternoon, which should translate to some progress.
As we currently face the worst economic collapse since the great depression that has resulted in the loss of million of jobs and the highest levels of long-term unemployment since data have been collected, we invite contributors to submit proposals that address the problems of long-term structural unemployment in the United States and world wide.
In a bold pitch for the new Labour Party he is shaping, Mr Blair used the controversial platform provided by Mr Murdoch’s invitation to Australia to admit the failures of “the Old Left” – “rigid economic planning and state controls” – and to denounce the divisive legacy of the New Right.
I'd been worrying about how to agree on a price - I hate haggling - and made what I thought was a fair offer. He accepted it immediately, which made me wonder if I could have got away with less. But although I need to make a living, I don't want to rip people off. There has to be an honourable compromise.
me at the urinal trough. And whether
He got in again.
inside a blur of a mirror
I was also inspired the other day when watching Leann Chivers on TV to try the technique of embossing and then sanding my Core-Dinations Card Stock for myself– and I’m so very glad that I tried this! I have had my sanding block for a long time now – but so far (shamefaced here) I have only used it for distressing the edges of my said card – well I kid you not – no more! :0)
Overall, I'm happy with the price, quality, selection and service at the RM bar. I think any kinks I might have experienced are teething pains and that Greg & Co will do an outstanding job of it. And, I will happily go back to make sure.
One lie that Satan whispers to women is "If you take that mask off, people will not like you." He leads us to believe that if others see our uglies then they won't like us. I have noticed more and more that women want to see who other women really are. In other words, don't play like you have it all together when I am floundering around like a fish out of water. I have put on a mask of happiness, when really I struggle with depression at times. I have put on a mask of being outgoing when really I struggle with the fear of rejection and loneliness...even in a crowd. I know that these mask are doing nothing for me except keeping me in the crippling bondage that Satan desires for me.... but like I said... he is good at what he does... and know when the best time is to strike.
64 if
You may not be able to go all out this year while your home is on the market, but think about how compromising your decorations this year may speed up your home selling process. Remember your end goal and focus on how you will decorate your new home next year!
I love the phrase, “overwhelmed with worries.” Satan uses the tool of worry so effectively. He makes us believe that our worries are legitimate and overwhelming.
Despite one of my college majors focusing on English Literature, I actually presented on narrative within a 15th century illuminated manuscript. That’s a picture from a book. Specifically, the Death in Front of Its Judge image from the Rohan Book of Hours. Presentations on one’s area of expertise (my other college major and second master’s come from medieval art history) go well toward getting tenure. That’s one bird. Travelling to Las Vegas with two of my favorite academic friends from the University of Chicago and spending four evenings with them counts as the other bird. One stone. But by the fourth day, I’d had enough of Las Vegas—or at least the Strip.
I wake up in the morning and I get to be anyone or anything I like.
A disruptive product or service is not a breakthrough improvement — in fact, it’s actually not as good as the item the industry leaders are selling. Because of this, existing customers won’t use it, and the leaders ignore it.
Choice of 5 Digital Stamps
NHS of East Flatbush
In each installment of 7 Hours, a character is visited by the enigmatic Thomas Constant, who makes a heart-stopping statement: “You are about to die. But you may choose from one of three options: Live seven more hours, travel back in time and relive seven hours, or accept the inevitable and die now.”
for Mothers Day!!
A few weeks ago, we tried their newest venture: flavor tripping with the miracle berry. It was a 6-course meal complete with pairings where the miracle berry was used to enhance or detract from certain flavor profiles. For instance, once you take the miracle berry, it tricks your taste buds into thinking you are tasting sweet instead of sour, or sweet instead of bitter. It also brings out umami flavors and rounds out dishes.
So? what have I been up to this week I hear you ask?
SUMMARY: One choice can transform you—or it can destroy you. But every choice has consequences, and as unrest surges in the factions all around her, Tris Prior must continue trying to save those she loves—and herself—while grappling with haunting questions of grief and forgiveness, identity and loyalty, politics and love.
Do you know how many times
A wonderful service of Thanksgiving for Derick's life & work was held at the Crescent Church, Belfast on Sunday 28th March.
Hi there; it’s 2 in the night and André and Pepe started hours ago
I think he has time and time again shown distance from Israel, and that has created, in my view, a greater sense of aggression on the part of the Palestinians. I will stand with our friend, Israel.
the first terrible truth arrived
Anyway, on the dolly front I think I'm going to have to sell my two supia heads - Rosy and Hael. If you are interested they are $200ea + shipping (usually 15-20$ and includes a tracking number)
P.P.S. The longer the delay, the happier I'll be.
Comparative Analysis 15
As always, feel free to stop back every Saturday for my Grace In Small Things post. If you’re interested in what it is and how you can do it too, go here.
She warned me that I could not trust my new found associates, the leftwing trade unionists led by Lim Chin Siong. She was furious that he never sent their high school student helpers to canvass for me in Tanjong Pagar, yet demanded the use of cars provided by my supporters to ferry my Tanjong Pagar voters.
I’ve had a host of great encounters with Stoneleigh students over the years, both at the collegiate level and while they were in high school and there’s a certain amount of worldly confidence and poise about these young women that has always stood out for me. The size and intimacy of the school’s programs seem to produce students who have had the doors to the world outside opened to them in such a way that they don’t for one moment consider the possibility of failure; instead, they plan for success.
There are two goals to my Great Unwatched project. The first is to see some films that I might not otherwise give the time of day to. The second is to finally experience movies I should've watched a long, long time ago. This weekend, I focused especially on the latter goal, filling in gaps in the filmographies of three of my favorite horror directors: Mario Bava, Dario Argento, and David Cronenberg. I even made a special effort to watch some of their non-horror offerings mixed in with the usual fright flicks.
For a start, the bars aren’t opening in the places where pubs have closed. In fact, they’re very much concentrated in middle-class urban enclaves. There may be a cluster in Chorlton, but they’re not spread evenly across the board. In recent years, the large Cheshire village of Helsby has lost two of its four pubs. Are there any new bars to replace them? What do you think? It’s not much use if you have to go eight miles down the road to Chester to find one.
Then actually we wanted to go to Sanrio Puroland to see Hello Kitty and My melody yesterday
*) Recognize polygamous marriages for tax purposes in the United Kingdom.
We continued to explore to the back of the campus, and there was a beach behind it all. A BEACH, PEOPLE! I would never be able to attend a college like this, because I would never go to class. I would just sit outside in the sun all day. There were lots of people out on a lawn in their bathing suits and tank tops laying out and getting some sun. There also were some hammocks on the beach, and of course me and the girls had to get in :)
Surely he cannot reenter his mother’s womb and be born again, can he?”
And we hope this table is even half as lovely
I used to really enjoy peanut butter and honey sandwiches, but I can no longer eat peanut butter because Boyfriend is deathly allergic to nuts. We cannot have peanut butter in our house. I still love bread and honey, though, so I got the bright idea to substitute regular butter for peanut butter. It's like all the best parts of every food ever, combined into one sandwich. If you could put happiness on bread and eat it, that's what eating a honey and butter sandwich would be like.
Once I sat down to eat my specialty burrito, Jack walked up with two crab tacos. “Not my first choice,” he said. “But still pretty good.” We decided to stroll beside the marina as we ate. Early into our walk Jack got a text from a friend who was coming to visit. In addition to these preset plans, he worked early the following morning. Our day had to be cut short. I saw Jack to his bus. Since our schedules don’t coincide, I kissed Jack goodbye, not knowing when I would see or hear from him next.
So now my guardian angel is 12000 miles away, keeping watch over my friend. She needs a guardian angel more than I do right now, and I hope my friend can feel her the way I did today. She needs hope. She needs to feel. She needs Jill to wrap her loving hands around her heart and tell her that everything is going to be alright.
I'll never forget the scene where James is trapped in a coffin about to be cremated. I thought there's no way in the world he could get out of this one! But lo and behold, he jumps out of the coffin calm and dignified without a wrinkle in his suit, like he was ready to go to a royal ball.
MOVE: 12”
Beat the cream cheese and caster sugar together, then mix in the vanilla essence and eggs.
Today, Socialism is not very fashionable. I do believe it is not fashionable because we have all lost sight of its fundamental virtue. For me its fundamental virtue is that it teaches us to respect our fellow man no matter what his or her station in life is. I thank my mom who raised me with a clear vision of what fairness to our fellow man is all about!
Make cupcakes according to directions on the box. Let cool.
I am in love with this sweet porcelain
I get immediately hooked with the two-note piano combo that repeats itself along with handclaps that makes it sound like it could be the start to a RJD2 or DJ Shadow number (I was convinced the beginning was identical to RJD2′s Final Frontier, but there’s only a passing resemblance). I also like that the first thing that gets added to that piano and handclaps is Follin’s voice, which is both sweet and strong. So you get sixteen seconds of pure pop bliss. Not that what follows isn’t beautiful too as they layer on more organs, drums, guitars that fit perfectly with the melancholy lyrics about running away and never coming back as “those bad things always keep coming” for her.
2:20 p.m. — 15 minutes remaining. Added whirlfloc tablet.
I hung up the phone in tears. What a long miserable road it had been. How long had I been shoved aside by this doctors group? Oh it's you again? The one with the contractions? I just couldn't take it anymore! I didn't know what to do! I didn't want to go to an ER! I had never been to an ER!
Moreover, worldwide banking exposure to Spain is well over €1 TRILLION. What impact do you think that might have on the EU which has an entire banking system that is leveraged at 26 to 1 (Lehman Brothers was leveraged at 30 to 1 when it collapsed)?
Now that Paul is happily hitched, I’m sure he wouldn’t mind me telling you about the counselling I gave him after his divorce from Heather “Moneybags” Mills.
Taukan, 1 block
Also, there's another reason I love dresses during the summer. I HATE SHORTS.
My poor mother suffers from Macular Degeneration and is nearly blind. I can't imagine the frustration of nothing being able to get around my own or worrying about missing a step and falling. Yet she handles it with grace, dignity and her ever-present humor. She still loves to "read" her books on tape where we can talk about what we each liked or disliked about the story. Both of our favorite have always been the historical novels.
When living a brave and uncommon life, things are never going to be the same, ever. We are constantly learning the new ways to do things, and the best ways to do things. We are often surviving through broken heartedness and growing stronger to get us to the next path of growth.
25th); 2009 Parson’s Legacy (Fell 22nd); 2010 Tricky Trickster (9th); 2011 Quinz (PU 16th)
Are there any other Moms out there that tends to forget to stop and have fun with her kids?
But I do live in America. I have encountered the word Nigger. I've also encountered. "You know those kinds of people" and "Ghetto" and "Your kind are always..." and "Race Card". And and and...
.I'm going to pick up a few more child psychology books. This little incident gave me a glimpse of insight into what a bizarre and fascinating place the mind of a child really is!
So thank you, thank you Tricia - I feel all warm and fuzzy now - and everyone reading this, why not pop over and visit Tricia and all her lovely boys!!
Leave her be in her journey
This is seriously addictive...i kept eating while dipping them into sugar! This recipe is by Anna Olson, the host of the TV program, Sugar. I love watching it..cos it's all about dessert. However, i do not quite like her new program Fresh..maybe because it is not all about sweets and probably at the back of my mind i have also associated her with desserts since she's a pastry chef. I booked-marked her recipe (about a year ago! yup..i never got round baking it until yesterday my daughter requested for cookies with coffee in it) after watching the episode of her making these cookies. She said they were very addictive..and i do agree..it is!! And the raw cookie dough tasted great too..lol!
If you had to ask me what I would have to chose as the funniest part of a comedy programme ever was, it was this:
