I try my best to be a polite public dumper taker, using the flash-flush method flushing as I drop each one, but it doesn’t help me be invisible.
Here are some before pics:
Control wise, the government of the proto-Stalinist ConDem Nation and their Marxist so called opposition, have installed twice as many cameras as people. Everything is catalogued and tracked, from personal movements, to transactions to drives on the motorways. Informants are everywhere, neighbour snitching on neighbour, friend on friend, family on family. Now comes the news that the police state will even keep dossiers on children as young as five who use or exhibit "racist" or "intolerant" behaviour. What police actions will follow from this tyranny is yet to be determined. Of course this is Stalinist in the extreme, very similar to what that mad bastard did during his various great purges. The only things that are missing are the camps...for now.
Other than the blogging community I keep in touch with some acquaintance/friends, a couple deeper friends. A recent post on (in)courage.com was about community and it hit me that I have a safe, online community, sort of; I read others’ writing, sometimes comment when something touches me, some read what I write and do the same, but is that community? I started reading blogs for money-saving, couponing ideas and such and was amazed at how many of the blogs I came upon were written by Christian women. As I’ve broadened my scope of interest I still find that most I go to are Christian-authored. I see this as God leading me to some kind of community. I can read these and know that these women and I share a most vital relationship-with our Lord. What I read is uplifting, thought-provoking, encouraging, challenging. And I’ve found I’m not alone among women of faith who are in a wilderness time of lacking in real life community. Another excellent post by (in)c0urage is Why You Need to Find Community {even when you’re really hurting}.
This one is a glitterbomb, but it was intended to be. It ate my top coat and didn't have that gel-like finish that I've seen on other people - I'm chalking that up to top coat. It's gritty as all get-out and dries hard, so that it eventually starts to chip off rather than just wear down. I think one of my nails chipped after a day or two, but the others held out for three or four days before they really started to look beat up. Not horrible, but not particularly good, either. Here's a blurred shot, so you can see the sparkles.
Inside the inn. The Ploughman's Lunch was a good choice, very enjoyable in the opinion of a food luddite.
I need more time!
So yes overall a good day and included is a picture of my ham salad.
1/2 cup sugar
Joe quickly dissembled every rule of decorum that the Matron had outlined the day he moved in. Middling and annoying -- just a steady stream of being late with the borrowed van, disappearing overnight without notice, not lending a friendly household hand and, not infrequently, laying in the middle of the family room floor or a hallway so people had to step over him while he slept.
½ stick of butter, melted
because that just makes me mad
And here it is ...
There is no mention of what happened to their truncheons.
Graceling by Kristin Cashore
Sir Proteus, what says Silvia to my suit?
I admit, I can find things to complain about with most of the characters and episodes. This show wasn’t like, say, “Arrested Development” or “Firefly” where you watch the aired episodes and cannot possibly fathom what the network executives were thinking to axe something so creative and unique and perfect and brilliant. As far as I know, this show never got the determined, passionate fan following that those two shows or Family Guy did (which probably helped with the whole cancellation thing), so it’s safe to say we shouldn’t expect any motion picture follow-ups or revivals, although it is out on DVD, so who knows?
A fortnight ago, we posted on why we thought Ridhuan was kinda scary. Utusan on Sunday prominently highlighting his articles and the solid circulation figures that show the paper reaches, say, a million-plus readers — more than The Star, Sunday Star and The Sun — is equally scary.
So I dropped a little over 5 lbs last week, after revising my plan a little bit (nothing extreme! Maybe just 5% less cals or something like that). Part of that loss was because I kinda did eat like crap the week before that, so it wasn’t entirely because of the tiny changes.
I’d make it almost impossible for farmers to farm, miners to mine, loggers to log, and builders to build.
The latest health theory, which feels right to me, from my naturopath, is that the virus I picked up last fall went deep into my liver and is hanging out there, flaring up whenever I push myself too much or get too stressed. I can feel it there actually when it flares up, which it's doing again this week. We're on a third set of supplements to try to knock it back. In my search to feel well, I've undertaken a series of rolfing/structural integration bodywork with a highly recommended practitioner in town. She's also an energy worker and has combined the two modalities on me, which has been fascinating. I'm not, by nature, super attuned to energies and more subtle modalities, though I'd like to be. Experiencing emotional releases during some of this work has been eye-opening, to say the least.
A. This list only contains real estate property subject to NAMA loans, to which receivers have been appointed. Most hotels subject to NAMA loans inIreland continue to be operated by the original developers/borrowers.
Decision #1: Put Lincoln's blanket away when he's not sleeping. Lincoln is quite attached to his soft blanket, which is quite fine with me in the context of snuggling to sleep. However, when he drags it around with him all day long, I think it's excessive. When I am sweeping the floor, and I have to stop a little monarch from dragging his cloak through the accumulated dust 15 times, it's annoying. When I have to pick soggy Cheerios off the blanket after breakfast, it's off-putting. And when I have to buckle a car seat around the blanket, it's too much. So, blanket, enjoy your rest time in the top shelf of the bedroom closet. And I'll enjoy Lincoln crying and clinging to my knee saying "Bain!" for the rest of the day.
The Fact
Hopefully, that time has passed. Huh don't cut it anymore. Huh is extremely fucked up. You have the ease, comfort and availability of the internet; you don't have to traipse across town to the library or earnestly trek to the local blues-hound's apartment and beg for copies of tapes, the way I did, and for that matter, the way Jimmy Page did. IT'S ALL RIGHT THERE AT YOUR FINGERTIPS.
Last week, Obama took to the hustings and reminded people that he had ordered the hit on bin Laden. He didn't strut out onto the flight deck of an aircraft carrier decked out in a flight suit like he had been one of the pilots over Iraq. There was no 'Mission Accomplished' banner, and so far there's been no conflation of Osama's death with the recently-concluded war in Iraq.
Mark 8:32-33
We started on the way home but the 3 miles seemed like such a long way and then salvation. The local bus would come in 15 minutes. A little while later and we were on the bus and in under ten minutes, back in Oban for a final walk and then fish and chips and back to the hostel.
Well, i'm just like you, and you,
In the U.S., the government has approved GMOs based on studies conducted by the same corporations that created them and profit from their sale. Increasingly, Americans are taking matters into their own hands and choosing to opt out of the GMO experiment.
Ernie and I have long felt called to be foster parents. Just recently we felt that God was telling us that the time is now to become foster parents. So, here we are.
(8) Substantiate the statement “A polyphase system is like a multicylinder engine.”
An overwhelming news for Indian Tablet lovers or gadget freaks. Apple announced that it will launch The new iPad in India and 10 other countries on April 27th. The price of the new iPad will be 30,500 and will be available in black and white color options. The new iPad has received good reviews as all Apple products do and it is Resolutionary. The stunning new Retina Display, A5X chip with Quad-core graphics and a 5 megapixel iSight camera with 1080p HD video recording makes it one of the best tablets available in the market.
11. invest in Raymond Lee films.
2 pounds tomatoes - I used these awesome Savoura tomatoes that are about half the size of a normal tomato - they were incredible!
The Phantom
Cascaded with an explosion of collaborative creativeness, AfrikaBurn was circled around with structures and sculptures that made you just stop in awe and think about why they stood there and what impact they had on your life. ‘The Wish’ was a large white, wooden structure that took semblance to that of Epcot Center in Disney World except for the idea that it had nothing to do with space but more of finding what you truly wish for in life. Created by Brendan Smithers and the Upsetters it honors Welcome Nombila who lost his life in July 2009. It has been apart of AB since last years invent. No matter where you go around the site, you can see ‘The Wish’ which puts this on your mind and makes it a permanent backdrop in your stay.
I worked several massages, but massages for me, to be honest are not a serious work out. They can be, if I’m using my entire body, and practicing good mechanics, and I’m not there yet.
1½ cups vegetable oil
Tip pork into the pan with the prawns, noodles and remaining marinade. Toss together for two to three minutes until hot.
Allow me to refresh you on my thoughts. A great burger is ground beef, heavily salted and peppered, charred on a rarely cleaned grill, and served on a simple bun with a strong cheese and mushrooms/bacon/onions/condiments as desired. Simple and really delicious, it especially helps if the ground beef is closer to 80/20 than 93/7.
But carefully managing the fat intake is not enough so TOTAL has thrown in:
I've already moved on to my next project, a scarf for a friend who is having a bad time at the moment. I'm doing it in a super squooshy merino so it will be nice and soft. I've nearly finished it but I won't post a picture until she has got it.
The Great Recovery is a grassroots movement spread by people who are tired of looking to Washington for answers. The truth is that the government can’t fix this economy. It will be restored one family at a time, as each of us takes a stand to return to God and grandma’s way of handling money.
Anyway, whilst cocktailing at Claridges or The Connaught is to Town what Bunburying is to the Country, it's the kind of treat one ought to reserve for when one really needs it, in the manner of a peculiarly expensive yet speedy rest-cure. But perfectly acceptable cocktails can, and should, be made at home too: I don't think I've ever managed the full F.Scott.F experience in my own kitchen, but there's something I rather like about making guests a pre-dinner cocktail rather than cracking open the usual bottle of champagne.
Of course, good ol' Style Me Pretty has their awesome build-a-board thingy so I was able to whip this up in no time at all... and if you ask me it's pretty spot on for our simple, sunny shower for the porch at the future in-laws home!
BOGOTA—An attack by Colombia’s largest rebel group, known as FARC, killed four members of the armed forces, Colombia’s Defense Ministry said. Five other soldiers and a French journalist are missing after the attack, in the southern state of Caqueta, officials said.
According to a recent report filed by the U.S. Department of Labor, Oklahoma City ranked in the top spot for having the lowest unemployment rate in the country during the month of February.
dark with little to be seen but one photograph taken just after an investigator asked Joe Baldwin to appear, shows a series of lights that seem to resemble the silhouette of a man. Is Joe Baldwin still stalking the site of the old Maco tracks? At least for now you may have to either venture out to the bug-ridden coastal piney woods of North Carolina or you may sit in an air-conditioned theatre in Chicago to answer that question.
Months ago, I saw Jamie taking individual rhubarb soufflés from the oven, but I had missed the portion of the show where he showed how to prepare them. As time passed, I continued to wonder how successful I might be in making them, and with the return of rhubarb to the stores, finally had an opportunity to try. This is the first recipe I’ve ever followed that directed me to “smash” and “blob.”
Stay positive, creative, and energetic.
Creating radical clothing is one of our goals at Stolen Sunday, the other is to do it the right way, and we are proud to be an American-made company through and through. Everything we sell is made in San Francisco and we exclusively source American knit fabrics. We are proud to think we are helping to create jobs in our community.
And blown by all the winds that pass
Researchers are also looking to develop more advanced imaging techniques with the aim of finding a way to allow physicians to tell which patients can still benefit from treatment, perhaps beyond the 4.5-hour time limit. There is a lot of ongoing work investigating how the brain heals, which markers could be used to measure the amount of recovery following injury and on potential therapies to promote brain healing, including drugs and stem cells.
Just a little over 24 hours after the PICC line was taken out Rylee started running high fever again. My mom and I took her to the ER and sure enough it was another UTI. The plan was for us to go home, after she received a shot of antibiotics, and then return the following morning for her to have the PICC line put back in. The doctor at the ER called Rylee's nephrologist and she said this would be a better plan than admitting her. So we head home. At this point its about 2 in the morning.
My Dipnote picks of the week:
“We can’t always make second something that important to things like tourism and our market processes,” said Sutton.
5. Continue until half the Cheerios are gone.
In my honest opinion, the question shouldn't focus so much on 'who' is being taught, but 'what' and how. Personally, I am a huge proponent of sex ed in schools. Although Lori makes a great point about telling based on her perception of when her girls are ready to hear what, the unfortunate thing is not nearly enough parents are that in-tune. I agree with the statement that they are going to learn it elsewhere and frankly the messages that are portrayed in the media are pretty messed up.. so I think it's a good thing that the education system can step in for damage control, because in all honesty, a lot of parents will NOT discuss things frankly and honestly with their kids, whether it be out of some kind of moral outrage or out of sheer laziness.
I've got filming to do for yet another commercial, then I start rehearsals for "Hypothermia", which tours until November 2010, never mind all the organising I have to do for my play "Our Style is Legendary" with finishing off the casting come November, PR, print and finding rehearsal space.
- And sight snapped into alignment with a remembered Clearviewing as she turned to look back up at them, laughing. The ribbon Taslin had used to tie up Dora's bouncing ponytail - newly straightened and stretched under Taslin's ministrations - fluttered in the breeze, just as it had in the viewing, two weeks earlier, that had sent them on this journey. At least, as far as Rel was any judge, it had. The odds were good, either way, that somewhere in the city ahead, Rissad Van Raighan was still at large. They were on the right track.
Does it matter? I think it does. I can’t really say it any better than Soraya Chemaly does: “Boys will discover their own interpretations of their gender if they’re given the freedom to explore masculinity–and femininity–on their own.” I believe my children will become better men if they have the freedom to explore the world without fear of shame or disgrace for being interested in a category of things named “feminine.”
Angel Vazquez
43. Who are You? -- The Who
Here you go, dough head.
*Relieve headaches & migraines
and recently a thankful leap
Clock Work
I did allow myself to bring in some accent colors, but only if they could be easily removed in order for the ensemble to be all-black for backstage purposes.
Here goes: I am deeply troubled by the seeming slack this group of respondents is cutting Mr. Gibson. I am fully aware that the relations between exes often bring out the very worst in people. I am also fully aware that everyone needs safe spaces to vent the fullness of their frustrations and emotions. But these words take on the language of sexual violence, obligation, and abuse. Aimed at a woman Gibson clearly hates and has admitted to abusing in the past. In a world where 1 in 4 women are raped, exploited, and abused.
I now surrender myself entirely as a slave of righteousness for God’s Holy purpose! Amen! For my gain is a life fully dedicated to God, and the result is eternal life. For sin pays its wage-death; but God’s free gift is eternal life in union with Christ Jesus Our Lord! Amen!
This weekend I've been busy answering emails from children in FOREST OF GALTRES PRIMARY SCHOOL, near York, which I visited not too long ago. They tell me they are going to have a new school library soon - but where will it be? The one I recall was in a small room-and-also-corridor so maybe this will have more space? Hope I find out sometime.
So I said sorry, bye and went on, successfully having avoided the charity man.
Service is about giving people what they want.
Older info:
The next question is: Where do we start? However we try to return to our roots, to remember that which we have unconsciously forgotten, the most important thing we must keep in mind: Just start the ball rolling.
Liquor-Maker Quest
Driver stops everything he is doing, makes his logs look good, rushes 400 miles to a shipper that is closed for the weekend…
I had the opportunity to get a look at the completely renovated Castle Manor Inn at 141 Essex Ave, Gloucester MA. the rooms are fresh with plenty of light, new linens individual bathrooms and the charm that only a 100 year old inn can retain. It’s beautiful. look for upcoming video tours of the property.
It has been quite a ride and when I look at how much I have grown as a person, I am so grateful for the change and all those who have and continue to inspire me.
Odd though, because some other comedian after Leno used the quote again for a little thingy, so I wrote it down.
Sigh. It is such a pleasure being the mother of a daughter!
In all seriousness, the best words that I can say about her is when I looked at her, I saw Jesus. Mom Mom was not extremely vocal about her faith, but it undergirded who she was. Her entire life was rooted in her love for her Savior and loving others with a servant love. The faith that she modeled helped shaped me into the man I am today. She was an inspiration to all who knew her.
Pre-1995, social groups were still relatively small. Enter the internet into that situation, and now we're talking about a different story. Online groups started on listservs, irc chat, and even *gasp* Yahoo groups. Now that we have Facebook, Twitter, and a plethora of other social networking sites, our social networks can be gigantic. I'm making no distinction between online and offline social networks as both are equally real and valid to me.
I didn't really want to describe the book and thankfully she didn't ask me to. If she had asked I would have had to describe it thus...
Can the SSF be reactivated once it is “permanently” shut down? Sarah was barren and then had her womb open in her old age. We call it a miracle (which it was) but what if there is also a natural and scientifically explanable way to take a woman out of menopause? If the SSF activates with multiple semen deposits and eventually turns “permanently off” with a lack of such semen, could the re-introduction of multiple semen deposits re-start the process? Semen isn’t just deposited and then drips out. It actually gets absorbed into the woman’s blood stream through the vagina. Science likes to isolate individual components of substances, trying to figure out the “active ingredients,” but sometimes isolation is not the name of the game. Like a fruit cocktail, sometimes it is the combination of ingredients that produces the effect, and not any of the individual components. Semen from multiple men may create just such a cocktail. We know, for example, that semen contains testosterone, estrogen and other hormones, such as prostaglandins (made in the prostate gland), luteinizing hormone and follicle-stimulating hormone. Not all of the chemicals in semen have been identified (or isolated.) Could it be possible that male semen might actually regulate the female reproductive cycle, switching it both on and off?
Back in 1997, when I was serving my first term as SFWA President, SF writer Dave Smeds filed a complaint with SFWA's Grievance Committee (GriefCom for short), reporting that he'd found one of his short stories published in German, but hadn't received any payment or even been notified of the sale by his German literary agent, Uwe Luserke.
Step 5: Click submit.
So, I sent a nice but fairly brief email, forwarding my last email, sending greetings from the town I was in, and asking how he was doing, saying that I hoped he'd gotten my last email, I'd gotten so used to him replying in a day or so, that after not hearing from him all week, I started to think somehow he didn't receive it or that something was wrong. I ended with "I hope everything is okay with you and your family." Basically, I took the honest approach, and I hope it will come across as caring, not pressure-y.
I didn't really know what to call this diet I've decided to put us on for a month. I thought about calling it the "Whole Foods" diet but I realized that I would violate it almost immediately because the term "whole foods" is extremely narrow and would not allow us to drink homogenized milk. The goal here is to eliminate (as much as possible) processed foods from our diet for a whole month. I am not doing this to lose weight (though I'd be thrilled if I did). I am more concerned about removing the junk from what we eat and giving our bodies natural fuel.
Honorable Mention: In a Better World by Suzanne Bier. I also want to give a shout-out to two first-time directors, by Dee Rees (for Pariah) and Maryam Keshavarz (for Circumstance), both of whom we’ll be seeing more from — I hope — in the years to come.
Clearly, that didn’t happen.
But it's because of the magnificent performance of Henry Fonda that this whole ploy on Hitchcock's part works. The movie's ultimate good guy (well, until Once Upon a Time in the West), Fonda has boatloads of pathos in the role of the put-upon and unflappably virtuous Ballestrero, and we can't help but feel for the guy as things go from bad, to worse, to far, far worse. It's also a credit to both Hitchcock's direction, and the screenplay by Maxwell Anderson & Angus MacPhail, that somehow Ballestrero continues to act inadvertently as if he were guilty, even though he is not.
He remained there until 2004, when a church panel reviewing complaints in the wake of the national priest-abuse scandal found the allegations against him credible. The priest only then admitted molesting three boys, and explained earlier denials on the fact he had confessed and moved past it.
The deeper meaning of his speech is the absolute response to United States’ posturing that economic alienation is the principal motor of Boko Haram. The NSA did not completely disagree with Ambassador Johnny Carson, but he delivered a didactic talk.
I loved this collection, which was published in 1972. It begins with The Distracted Preacher by Thomas Hardy, the story of a young minister called Stockdale, "a lonely young fellow, who had for weeks felt a great craving for somebody on whom to throw away superfluous interest, and even tenderness." This is followed by Rudyard Kipling's William the Conqueror, set in India and including a description of how useless aid applied without reference to local culture can be, (and, in reverse, if that makes sense, a perfect illustration of what led to the death of Burke and Wills):
get on your nerves,
Just a quickie this morning as there's lots on the agenda for today......
While I do enjoy modern cuisine interpretations, ranging from the deconstructivist to molecular gastronomy, I personally tend to prefer cuisine that is more straightforward and which isn’t trying to break the light speed barrier or re-invent the wheel.
THe NFCA’s website notes that: No one else is in a better position to ensure continuity of care. Family caregivers are the most familiar with their care recipients’ medicine regimen; they are the most knowledgeable about the treatment regimen; and they understand best the dietary and exercise regimen. Not to mention they know their recipient’s personality, likes and dislikes, and their history (medically, but as a person, too).
What is, however, open to question is why is it happening, who is doing it and what they are actually seeking to achieve.
Q: What does Coney Island mean to you?
Aman’s mom: Again, another Indian actor, but this time I have someone in mind. I choose Tabu from The Namesake. I thought she was wonderful in that movie (at least for the last part of it when she started to show emotion).
Thoughts would be appreciated.
She was a former teacher, blonde and engaging. Not yet 30, she had held a series of administrative, clerical and communication jobs for his family.
“There was no ring on her left gand, and the flatness of her breats had already suggested that she was unmarried.” – now this one confuses me, was she unmarried as she had flat breasts, or because she was not likely to have had children thus creating larger breasts?
4. Add the salt, pepper, and butter, reduce the heat to its lowest point, and simmer the burgoo uncovered for 3 1/2 to 4 hours, stirring occasionally, or until as thick as chili. Note: If at any time the burgoo threatens to stick to the bottom of the kettle, slide a heat diffuser underneath.
Some cigars shop also offers the opportunity to smoke (for example, De La Concha on 6th Avenue between 54th and 56th Street). This time, however, I decided to visit the Davidoff upscale shop on Madison and 54th Street - where i got hold of the new Davidoff Puro Doro cigar. Davidoff also owns the De La Concha shop nowadays but currently does not allow smoking in its Madison Avenue shop due to a restriction implemented by the building owners. The pictures below show the well assorted Davidoff's walk-in humidour.
Since going there we have chatted a few times via email and what not.
May 7 - Seve Ballesteros, pro golfer, 54
Much more delightful is the silken tofu with pork floss and century egg, a textbook example of triumph with simplicity. The cool block of slippery tofu is a textural contrast against the fluffy wads of sweet and salty pork floss and the puddle of sweet soy. Wedges of century egg add richness, the jellied whites tinted a glossy amber with a pungent yolk of grey that is sulfurous yet alluring.
The kids are sooo jealous!
Large kitchen knife
prey to your hands. Thus you shall know that I am the Lord."
I hope you like.. and thanks for stopping by!
Next we concentrated on mind-mapping and clustering. We chose a word which we wrote in the middle of the page. Using lines (like a child’s drawing of the sun) we wrote words which were connected in some way. For example we chose the word, tower. From that word we mapped over thirty more, including vantage point, Pisa, inferno, suicide, vertigo, sniper, injury, hair. Mind mapping helps the writer to dig deeper and find a new view point.
For clarity, here is my list of words:
It’s a fine line.
Great! Servers can choose what information flows to clients, and when. We can have sub-second Ajax performance! Imagine the possibilities . . .
and i know it was Mother's Day yesterday.. yeah, we celebrated mom's and i got her a beautiful bouquet of red roses with a white one in the very middle of it.. and she loved it for real :)
22. Caffeine is a known factor in several illnesses including: anxiety disorders, insomnia, bipolar disorder, depression, ulcers, rheumatoid arthritis, migraines, hypoglycemia, asthma, herpes, hypertension, hepatitis, diabetes, heart disease and many others..
Tell me, what would you like to see these images used for? The idea was for birthdays but I feel maybe that's too over done? Of course, I like celebrating birthdays, so maybe I'm just old fashioned. I'm open to ideas!
I have no idea why I still have the dress as it was not one that I had ever planned to pass down to my daughters...that I don't have and not like I am going to wear it again (if I do get married again, it will be outside, on a beach with a light dress...just saying) but it was fun to put it on last night and dance around the house for a little while. And the memories that it brought back were welcomed as well. I know my marriage did not work out, and the wedding might not have been what I had dreamed about, but it was an amazing weekend in Vegas with friends and family. I said that I wanted to gamble in my wedding dress...and that I did!
Chill Pacific tentacles tow his ankles in.
With the new account system, you’ll also be able to “claim” and manage your blog and author profiles as well as determine which portals you view on your homepage.
As Matthew Vadum writes, “The liberal billionaire-turned-philanthropist has been buying up media properties for years in order to drive home his message to the American public that they are too materialistic, too wasteful, too selfish, and too stupid to decide for themselves how to run their own lives.”
So Tash had been dropping in to see Snob every ten minutes like an unwelcome neighbour shouting 'Coo-ee!' and holding out an empty sugar-bowl as a feeble excuse while the occupants of the house tried unsuccessfully to hide. Not that Snob could exactly hide. He just sighed mournfully and ignored her.
With sacred wings.
District officials say other high school students can participate.
I'm convinced she's trying to make me lose my sanity. But the joke's on her...I lost it years ago. Haha! I win!
Most
H1N1, also known as the Swine Flu, was the latest of those scary diseases that terrified millions of people for several months. When the shot became available, heavily promoted and massive vaccination campaigns sprung around the world. One fact that was not promoted: Swine flu was often easily curable, and not very different than the “regular” flu. Another fact that was not promoted: Most of the flu shots contained Thimerosal.
That robs you of sleep through the wall
Secondly, there is no way Singaporeans can compete with foreigners in terms of cost because they do not have a family here and they can easily support them back home with their meager pay earned in Singapore.
December 13, 2011 ~ Fire Inspection
This week, we talked a lot of presidents. I wasn't sure how much this would interest my kids, but they loved it! I think it was one of their favorite topics so far.
Two observations are worthwhile before moving on. First, Craig’s response is, I think, well-made. Indeed, it exploits a distinction that Searle and others makes in their analysis of intentions, namely: the distinction between prior intentions and intentions-in-action. The former must temporally precede the act; the latter must coincide with and sustain the performance of the act. I’ll use this distinction in the remainder of the discussion. Second, even if the response is well-made, I’m not sure how far it gets us: simultaneity is still a temporal relation and God is supposed to be non-temporal. Perhaps Craig thinks that along as any sort of chink is opened up to the possibility of intentions that are not prior to action, he has given the concept of an eternal intention some plausibility, but I’m not convinced. I think this raises more problems. I’ll try to return to this at the end.
4. Most self-pubbed books weren't returnable
“Good. Be here at seven.”
One thing I love about spring, apart from all the blooming flowers, is that fruits and vegetables become very cheap and ripe.
Of course, history books will not connect all these events to that night. They will explain the loss of businesses on the recession; the consolidation of schools on the loss of timber money; the shutting down of real estate offices to the housing bubble. The city had lost its sewer system on such a storm, and to replace it, they tacked a hefty tax on the remaining citizens.
4th graders have been working on a multiple step project to create giant snowflake art. This project was based on snowflake and snow crystal photography by Kenneth G. Libbrecht who used a specially designed snowflake photomicroscope.
When a family first settled a farm or plantation, they’d usually just build a one-room cabin with one door, one fireplace, and several shuttered openings covered serving as windows. If the family prospered and grew a second cabin would be built alongside the first, and a roofed breezeway would be built to connect the two structures. This breezeway was called the “dog-trot” because it was where the dogs, and indeed the rest of the family, spent most of their time.
Set twenty years after the Rising, the Newsflesh trilogy follows a team of bloggers, led by Georgia and Shaun Mason, as they search for the brutal truths behind the infection. Danger, deceit, and betrayal lurk around every corner, as does the hardest question of them all:
This led me to look at my non-dream poems in the same way. I had noticed before that sometimes when I go back and read one of the poems that I’ve written, I find a deeper level of meaning than I had realized was there. I see things - connections – that I hadn’t intentionally woven into the poem. I say to myself, “How clever!” I make that comment in a lighthearted way, but in reality I’m in awe of the workings of the unconscious mind. I’ve learned I can discover things about myself by paying attention to these things that have surfaced from my unconscious through writing poems.
In that respect, Mr. Romney advocates punishing people for being poor. If you get sick and don’t have the proper healthcare coverage, that’s just too bad and so sad. If you lose your job and don’t have enough money saved for all those rainy days you have to go through in order to find another job, you should lose your house so that somebody with the winds of success in their sails can take advantage of your hard luck. These are the things that Mr. Romney have said, not because he is rich, but because he really has no interest in doing anything that would help people who are stumbling and don’t have the resources to get through their troubles without some kind of assistance.
Historically, those in power have had to objectify others—made into “capital O” Others—before they could exploit them. When I think of the people I knew in this “anti-P.C.” camp, I am generally overcome with disdain and rage, because they are simply a new face doing the same objectification. Their effect on social justice movements is not benign, but a significant part of the problem. Oppression is effectively normalized by their brand of “freedom to” rhetoric, thus duping disenfranchised youth and others who stumble upon this sentiment to buy into the thrills of breaking boundaries instead of realizing their potential to make the world a better place and then plugging into projects and communities of righteousness.
You may be thinking here. Well, if he had to use it then... perhaps there is an issue with the lower slot. But sadly, I didn't think that. Not until it was five minutes later and I had shoved my ticket unsuccessfully into the bottom slot.
As morbid as it sounds, death is another good way to explain someone not being there. One point of caution however, especially for widows, be prepared to explain how your husband died, the public always seems interested in that detail when you least expect it. As with everything, stick with simple, understandable modes of death, a fever, injury or that ever so helpful “war”. They are easy to remember should anyone ask, easy for the public to understand yet vague enough that no one will be unintentionally hurt by hearing the story.
No matter how many times you freeze them, some shoes just have to be thrown out.
Saturday evening was designed as a bit of a silly game, round robin crafting! We made more ATCs, this time cutting a set of five each and then working on the set for 10 minutes before passing the entire set on to the next person and receiving a new set. The instructions were to keep each set of five as a set, so they were all similar but that we could do different things to each set. (so I inked one set, stamped on another set etc). We all signed the backs in the order we received them. Then at the end we each took one from each final set. The odd thing is that all five of the ones we ended up with also work well together, in spite of the fact we didn't co-ordinate our choice of colours for the bases or know what we were going to be given in the next set.
If good enough could’ve been better
Ava watches a batch of alligators hatch. One is red in color and she starts caring for it secretly, hoping it will save Swamplandia. Towards the end of the chapter, the family goes to visit Grandpa Sawtooth who is rapidly losing his memory. He no longer remembers, for example, "Seth of Seth", which is the alligator he first wrestled. As the family rides the ferry back home, two other passengers stare at "the Chief" with "Seth of Seth" in his lap:
When I reached this point of staleness, I just had to stop. I then decided to take a break. Breathe. Relax. Maybe the problem was I had taken everything so seriously, squeezing away all the fun and excitement life offers.
But with T-minus three days and counting, whether I have…or whether I haven’t…is now a moot point. As a number of people I know would say, ‘It is what it is.’ And it is. Therefore I refuse to stress over it. Much. (maybe)
French people don't pack. At least that's what my friends learned when Candy fell in love with a paper mache horse during a recent trip to Saint-Ouen Flea Market. Starting with an asking price of 380 euros, merchant Mme de la Vallee bid an emotional adieu to the former mascot of an equestrian center and wished it bon voyage for 250 euros. What a deal!
Mr Emeka Nwankpa,the Special Assistant (Media) to the minister, said in a statement on Tuesday that the minister spoke against the backdrop of a dusk-to-dawn curfew imposed on Taraba following Monday’s bomb attack in Jalingo. The minister expressed deep regret over the unfortunate incidents around the country and described the masterminds of the attacks as cruel, wicked and cowardly. He said the evil actions of the attackers would soon catch up with them as the security agencies had stepped up pressure on them and adopted measures to check the activities of terrorists. According to him, the security agencies have successfully raised the bar in their anti-terror onslaught through more excellent intelligence gathering mechanism with the support and assistance of patriotic Nigerians.
Some shooters have reported rounds not cycling like they are meant to cycle. But a firm grip and a stiff hold should solve that problem. Those with oversized hands might not be fans of the Micro Eagle, or any micro gun for that matter.
It took REALLY around 10 hours to get there, with 3 breaks between, still heavy, but for me okay, 'cause I always use to sleep in buses, airplanes, trains, cars, what ever!
AlterNet is an award-winning news magazine and online community that creates original journalism and amplifies the best of hundreds of other independent media sources. AlterNet’s aim is to inspire action and advocacy on the environment, human rights and civil liberties, social justice, media, health care issues, and more. Since its inception in 1998, AlterNet.org has grown dramatically to keep pace with the public demand for independent news. We provide free online content to millions of readers, serving as a reliable filter, keeping our vast audience well-informed and engaged, helping them to navigate a culture of information overload and providing an alternative to the commercial media onslaught. Our aim is to stimulate, inform, and instigate.
I have in my heart the many times you made my favorite soup when I was sick.
I was a real poet and this whole post was a load of total BULLSHIT cooked up without any real talent, forethought or intelligence just like the revamped and thoroughly improved NEW REAL South Africa with rainbows on the edges, silver linings and frilly bits that nobody believes in anymore, we're stuck with the damn thing, lets just get on with it...
January is almost over which is mind-boggling. Seems like we just finished New Year's. How is your first month of the year going, any goals you're looking forward to reach this year?
“He doesn’t have to love your CD collection. He doesn’t have to love your shoes. But any good, mature guy better make an attempt to love your friends and family—especially when they’re great.”
Here is the new Obama campaign slogan. Obama doesn’t want to return America to prosperity. It’s backwards to the future. Like Hugo Chavez, his good Commie bud in Venezuela. Obama is not about returning America to prosperity, he is your backwards to the future, dog eating president. Do Americans eat dogs now?
Blonde Barry and Billy Palsy finallt found McGrath as well as his first mate from the Hideous, Symeon Flynch. After explaining what ship they hailed from and who was breaking him out, McGrath seemed pleased with this turn of fate and the pair manacled him and freed him from the cell. Symeon Flynch was given the keys and allowed to free himself. He would willingly go anywhere his captain went even into hostage if it meant being on a ship out of Sasserine. The Bird of Prey would be in just as much trouble as them if anyone found out who freed them after all. Using rope he brought from the ship, Barry, Billy and prisoners climbed down from a parapet to the far side of the wall; from there they slipped discretly back to their waiting gondola to sneak back to their ship. Amazingly, W.B. McGarnagle was there waiting for them. He could only venture that Two-Bit and Shank were dead or captured. McGrath greeted his former crewman and said no more until they were safely onboard the Bird and sailing out to bay with streams of smoke rising behind them in the predawn sky.
Utterly shameless liars it’s just one part of their style.
The water butts have been empty, and I've had to sinfully use a hosepipe to water the veggies. Thank goodness for today's drizzle of rain, first of all it will save me some time watering the plants and secondly those butts will fill back up and secure us a few weeks worth of useage.
Religion is often the arbiter in these matters. We look to our church, temple, or mosque for a moral ruling.
Andromeda
I adapted this recipe from an Alton Brown recipe I found on foodnetwork.com. The reviews were awesome so I decided to try it. I’ve never made any sort of dip before and it seemed super easy so I thought why not? Turns out, spinach artichoke dip is super easy to make. AND it’s SUPER yummy. Super yummy but not super healthy. Actually, it’s not healthy at all… but still yummy nonetheless. I adapted the amounts some since I figured a little less of the fatty ingredients couldn’t hurt the taste THAT much. And as far as we could tell, it didn’t. So yay!
So I ordered this from Dermstore. It was I believe $10.99? maybe $11.99. I cant remember. So I have tried it out a few times and I love it. Its not going to give you that super moisturized feeling that you get when you apply a lotion. This is a MIST! However it gives your skin a soft moisturized feeling. I applied it before I went to bed. I got undressed and sprayed myself everywhere. It was super fast to dry. Plus it smells AMAZING! It has this light fragrance smell. I don't know how to describe it other then "summer".
I’ve spoken about my Germanic tendencies and I have what I like to call “Invade Poland Syndrome” or IPS. What this means is I usually invade before I think about the consequences. My brother, the boy genius, reckons this is why I’m single. He maintains that if I play “The Game” my life will turn out like one of those barfy romantic comedies. I’m not convinced.
Secret tears reclaiming what a broken heart stole.
How do we fight eugenics, with its many faces?
I need to buy a lotto ticket with those numbers.
Brown the meat, drain any grease. Add the remaining ingredients and heat through. Serve over egg noodles. Delish!
These first pictures are of the new trick my son likes to play! It gets real old really fast. By the third time of pulling the car over...well there really is no need for explanations. I am sure you know what kind of frustration I would be feeling by that time. Any advise? I think we have tried it all, but who knows? We always pull over immediately, so please no harsh judgement. I really think he likes the thrill of the chase. That little head of his is probably seeing how long it takes us to get him back in his seat! Oh how I love him, but he is all boy!! It is non-stop from morning until night! I so wish I could bottle his energy...I would be a millionaire, plus feel so much better! Ha!
“Mom! Did you hear what he said?! ALEX! You just said the f word!”
He spoke for the Lib Dems on Treasury matters in the House of Lords.
"The Professor" moved on to become host of his own program on sports talker WKNR, then "SportsRadio 1220" at 1220 AM. He was one of WKNR's signature personalities, hosting drive-time talk on the station through much of the 1990s.
Start by putting the ingredients for the cooking liquid, as well as the pigs ears, in a pot and bringing the liquid to a boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer for about 2 1/4 hours. Make sure the ears are completely covered by the liquid. You also want to make sure the cartilage in the ears is plenty soft, but you do not want the skin falling off of them. When done, drain and allow to cool. When the ears are cool, slice them into 3/4 inch strips and set aside.
But of course this sort of thing is just symptomatic of any state that is powerful enough to own its own people. If they own you, they can do what they want with you. If they provide you with food, housing, and healthcare, they can also take those things from you if they feel like. And you stupid fuckers keep on begging for them to do it.
Heidi is down-to-earth and approachable, super kind, strong in her faith and one of the most non-judgmental women I’ve met.
Firstly, thank you for the sweet messages.
I also hope you pick up copies of my best-selling books We Are Not Alone–The Writer’s Guide to Social Media and Are You There, Blog? It’s Me, Writer . And both are recommended by the hottest agents and biggest authors in the biz. My methods teach you how to make building your author platform FUN. Build a platform and still have time left to write great books.
I hope you had a lot of fun hopping, and that you've got loads of inspiration using the image
The circle- and punctate-stamping represented in the Cagayan Valley extends at least as far south as Masbate Island in the central Philippines.
All 3 together... I'll probably attach them to one another with ribbon so they're easy for my FIL to hang
These horses are actually horses who are being given a chance to do exactly that… gain strength and freedom to enjoy a better life. These are horses at a rescue ranch in Arizona. the Luv Shack Ranch has changed it’s name to 3R Ranch. The 3 R’s are: Rescue, Rehabilitate and Rehome.
“How can Arizona pass a law like this?” asked Mexican Representative Leticia Amparano-Gamez, who represents Nogales.
This is the view that the inexperienced Harry Potter represents in the quote above. He wants to know if he is really, physically in the place where he speaks with Dumbledore at the end of Deathly Hallows or if he's only imagining it. (I won't say more about it in case any of you haven't read it.) But Dumbledore, wise in years, knows better. He knows that there is much that exists beyond what we can scientifically prove. The character Thomas Covenant from (wait for it) the Chronicles of Thomas Covenant has a much worse case of doubt than Harry. Thomas is a leper who gets into an accident and wakes up in the world of the Land where people have magic powers and there's an evil dark lord that they believe only Thomas can defeat. Thomas' education as a leper (a condition that makes it impossible to trust even your senses if you want to survive) convinces him that this is all a dream. It can't possibly be real. He fights against what the people of the Land want him to do, never truly accepting his destiny to be their hero. (It's for this reason that I don't like the character much.) The books chronicle a constant struggle between Thomas and the people of the Land. Them to convince him to become what he is meant to become and save them from destruction. Him to fight with every ounce of his being against what he sees as a mortally tempting descent into hallucination.
We stopped at a light and glanced across the street where a large stone arch stretched between construction sites and, on a whim, we decided to cross and check it out, not sure where it led. As we walked through the stone entrance we found a group of Parisians, huddled away from the last dregs of rain and passing around bottles of red wine in white plastic cups. Their laughter echoed, following us as we stumbled into a massive courtyard.
“I don’t understand how one can feel a sense of power over a perceived lower class of citizens and commit this kind of senseless violence, but I plan to send a strong message that we will not tolerate this cruel and inhumane treatment of Oklahoma citizens,” said Rep. Pittman.
Yesterday was one of those days...
With the growth of New York after the 1850s came a fierce competition among its many dozens of newspapers, leading to lamentable and unfair business practices aimed at those who actually sold their product. After all, selling newspapers was a grueling job with low financial reward. Adults looked elsewhere for higher paying work, so in the era before substantial child labor laws, newspapers often employed younger New Yorkers, mostly boys. And children, cynical publishers believed, were a pliable workforce.
The police car pulled into the driveway and two uniformed officers got out. They walked to the front door and knocked, waited for an answer. When none came, they canvassed the perimeter of the home. They spotted the enclosure in the backyard and approached. A magnificent Bengal tiger paced back and forth, spitting and hissing when it saw them. It stopped and bared its teeth with a loud, menacing growl. There, underneath its protective feet, lay a woman's body, her neck twisted at an unnatural angle but otherwise untouched.
Bob – Anything else for us today?
Garden cress
We create gods in our image.
And this is a really fun option... putting a playhouse for Chloe under the stairs. I'd love to create something like this one by Mossy. Growing up, we had a playhouse under the stairs (okay, it was more like a curtain and a table) and I remember spending hours there, reading books, playing grocery with my sister, hiding my treasures. How fun would this be?
Cora is getting big, although everyone tells us that she is tiny. According to her stats, she is only in the 15th percentile for weight and 10th percentile for height, but hey we're not big people either! She is on the charts so I'm happy. She is smiling and starting to coo now. She is definitely a mama's girl, but she does have her daddy wrapped tightly around her little finger. Max absolutely adores her. He wants to be in her face all the time and loves to make her smile. He is such a good big brother :)
About lenses i.Fairy Hana Pink : Even I waited for quite a long time, I got the amazing case I didn't expect. Lenses are really HUGE, but because of that they're not as comfortable. But they really look fairy like and as my mum said, I look like a fairy-tale character. The pink also isn't that noticeable, so from a far, it looks like a mega enlarging circle lenses.
It's always unsettling to read of someone's passing, but when articles began to appear on Thursday night with photos of Duane Browne, who had just been shot to death in East New York, I was particularly affected. The 26-year-old smiling at me from my screen, his young son in his arms, looked eerily familiar. Browne had died in East New York, a neighborhood where I worked in elementary schools from 2008-2010, and I wracked my brain for some memory - had he been at a PTA meeting? An after-school track meet? Two years on, would I really remember him if he had?
Roasted Asparagus with Sesame Seeds
Captured
“Can’t argue with that,” I say and Greg steps to the ladder.
Remember your creation must be based on Kraft or Kraft PP.
Both my response and my intonation caught him off guard.
Cool in the pans on racks for 5 minutes, then transfer the cupcakes to racks and cool completely before frosting.
Now of course while Nintendo Power is Nintendo’s official magazine it must be noted the magazine was no longer internal as of 2007. But what about unofficial sources and figures that shed light on demand?
Forward is the word chosen by Obama to represent his reelection platform. This is his new slogan. Has it ever been used before by any group? Is there any significance to the word “FORWARD!”?
Tuesday June 15th
If a new business can make through the first two years and have a substantial increase in earnings from the prior year; this is one way to know if the company or schedule C person is on the road to a profitable new year. If there are declining earnings; this indicates that the company may not be doing as well as expected and presents a risk of lending money to this applicant.
Healing love, yes
When I make cornbread I use some silken tofu and some egg replacer. If it’s just egg replacer the cornbread is not as fluffy and creamy. If I just use silken tofu the cornbread just falls apart. So, I use half of each. It works very well!
The sheriff shakes his head. ”Coroner says those were all postmortem. No sir, cause of death was not being fed enough.”
Bachelor’s degree required degree in Computer Science or related field preferred
It is this scene, which took place only a year or so after Clare died, that the Siren can't get out of her head. It is as cinematic as anything she has ever found in a star's memoirs. Aherne had returned to Hollywood, but in a stage production of Barretts, again with Katharine Cornell. The audience for the opening included everyone from the Thalbergs to Charlie Chaplin.
I live in a nice house in a nice area.
Doctor Who fans will have a chance to buy their very own Tardis as a police force sells off 22 of its police boxes.
Do you think of me even in a moments passing?
Miscellaneous: Tim Holtz distress ink stamp pad Vintage Photo; Pearls from my stash.
Lharz -Restarted and Leveled my Orc Death Knight from 55 to 58, without BoAs. Lharz I am leveling as Unholy. Orcs have a racial bonus for their pets, so it seems appropriate.
And now I can move on
Add Terrence Trammell (7.37 indoors) another frequent indoor competitor - having set his PR just earlier this year - and the hurdles have the potential to take center stage this indoor season. Especially given that the top headlining sprinters tend to avoid the indoor season like the plague.
"Oh look! It's just a little poop. I think he's swimming in there! Have fun little fella!"
Ms S. Blue
FINALLY (I feel like I'm writing a middle school paper here, y'all,) it gives you stats of things in your closets. Want to know how many times you've worn purple this month? What your top brands are (as if you didn't know already, HAH!)? What your typical color pallet is? It also compares it to the "average" stylitics user.
First up on the chopping block was Team Christina. She split her points evenly between Chris Mann and Lindsay Pavao. That didn’t surprise me, but I did think it was somewhat of a cop out. With America’s votes added in, Chris had 104 points and Lindsay had 96, meaning Chris is moving the finals and Lindsay went home.
No one in Gideon will be safe.
I know what your saying: "Cry me a river you whiney bitch"....along with "Of course Bobnoxious is going....the pull of that much music was going to draw his fat ass there one-way or another".
"No, no thank you."
And finally he is still sleeping well. He wakes up around 7am, has a morning nap at about 10am, a couple of hours at lunchtime and in bed by 6:30pm. He even slept through most of our most recent flight to Inverness. It was flight number six for him, just over an hour long between England and Scotland, but as you can see he's very laid back about air travel these days - He even reached out and helped himself to an infant seatbelt as we boarded!
PLACING OUR TRUST IN THE "ROCK OF ISRAEL", WE AFFIX OUR SIGNATURES TO THIS PROCLAMATION AT THIS SESSION OF THE PROVISIONAL COUNCIL OF STATE, ON THE SOIL OF THE HOMELAND, IN THE CITY OF TEL-AVIV, ON THIS SABBATH EVE, THE 5TH DAY OF IYAR, 5708 (14TH MAY,1948).
and those who laid you waste depart from you.
17. Money Cat (Demo) - Harold Arlen & E.Y. "Yip" Harburg
We open with Megan Fox Lite doing one of her morning jogs when she finds a glove on the ground; how exciting, right? Then she turns around and sees a dog with a weird mask on, which looks more like something out of a David Lynch movie – except a really lame David Lynch movie, as there’s really no poetry or mystique to this imagery. Megan Fox Lite follows the dog to a random spot in the woods where she finds a dead baby skeleton that opens its eyes and stares at her – well that’s just rude.
Loves reading and writing.
at my wall and I can smell
Grapefruit. The one citrus you can apply to your body and it won’t burn. A drop on each wrist! This will definitely get you feeling upbeat again!
2 fitted
QUOTE---"Don't waste my motherfucking time!" (at an annoying loud volume of course)
I look forward to their continued accomplishments and the many lives they will touch as they continue on their journey.
Second, I'd like to thank Stone for brewing such a Bastard of an ale. With classified hop varieties and IBU, this beer has been brewed since 1997. It's available (according to the website) November in 22 oz. bottles, 3 liter bottles, and limited draft. We happened upon a 22 oz. bottle in a liquor store in New Jersey (I'm traveling for work with a friend/co-worker/co-brewer/co-arrogant bastard). We made quite the Double Bastard drinking this extra-hoppy concoction.
But the Peruvian Highlands are home to many other wonderful natural dyes as well.
Hematology : 79
Iron Springs Pub & Brewery
Of puffy white knickered crotch
I'd LOVE, LOVE, LOVE to see more middle grade novels from self-pubbers. Now that the Harry Potter ebooks are available, I'd say it's not long before MG explodes in ebook format. Are you ready? (I am...wrapping one up as I write this.)
It’s almost like a portion of the Republican Party has decided that since women have gotten the ‘right’ to vote, they’ve gotten kind of ‘uppity’. So men will have to step in and decide for them re:their reproduction and basicly sex practices in general.
Of course we covered the ABCs (airway, breathing, circulation), proper execution of CPR, and choking rescue, but also the use of automated external defibrillators. Those things are rad. In addition, I also learned a couple unexpected things today.
All college applications have a special section for speech and debate, in the future a TDA student will be able to indicate how many NFL points s/he has on it.
to cover signage that is not recyclable.
I only had 4 kids home at that time. Savannah was filming me and Austin was occupying the 2 little ones. If you listen closely though, you can hear them going bonkers in the background a few times.
I've heard a lot of people bringing up the 'fire in a crowded theater' misquote of Oliver Wendell Holmes lately too. Yes, you read that correctly--MISquote. The actual quote from the majority decision in Schenck v. United States in 1919. (The real quote from the opinion is: The most stringent protection of free speech would not protect a man falsely shouting fire in a theater and causing a panic. You can shout "Fire!" in a crowded theater as long as there really is a fire. But I digress.) The First Amendment part of Schenck was subsequently overturned in Brandenburg v. Ohio which restricted prohibited speech to that which was likely to cause 'imminent lawless action.'
A Kind of Intimacy was especially disquieting because of Annie’s humanity – her nervousness in social situations, her desire to make friends, her faux pas and her reliance on the advice of self help books all engender empathy – the reader is torn between liking Annie and despising her, between understanding and disgust, between pity and anger. Jenn’s reading of the book was extremely entertaining and as a result I expected it to be much funnier than it was, however it was intriguing and intense and I didn’t feel in any way cheated when I reached the end.
But now I am. And I laugh at how once I could never imagine being here.
Bette Davis was born Ruth Davis on April 5, 1908 in Lowell, Massachusetts. Upon graduating Cushing Academy, Bette enrolled in John Murray Anderson's Dramatic School. In 1929, she made her Broadway debut in "Broken Dishes." She also landed a role in "Solid South." In 1930, she moved to Hollywood to screen test for Universal.
Another thing I've been very lucky on, but the occasional times my feet have swelled up aren't fun. Foot flesh spilling over sandal straps? Very sexy, I'm assured.
Who knows..........you might get a cool gang T-Shirt with gang colors and get to throw gang signs while you're shooting your town up............
I have been using La Roche Posay’s sunscreen for a few years now, ever since I decided on it during my sunscreen-craze two years back. The bonus 50 mL in addition to the full-sized 100 mL was a great deal at $28 CAD, especially since my own tube is running out. The sunscreen isn’t overly greasy, nor does it have an unbearable scent. I’d hated sunscreen as a kid because Coppertone Kids sunscreen felt like grease and smelled like plastic – so I never wore it. Horrible, I know, but I always thought I was invincible, and was quite proud of my t-shirt tan, thank you very much. I have never burned with this sunscreen, despite being in the sun all day. Granted, I am more careful with application and apply it more frequently.
When the Foreign Secretary met Israeli Foreign Minister Lieberman on 24 January 2011 he stressed that while the UK understands Israel’s security concerns, the current freeze in the Peace Process is not in the interests of Israelis, Palestinians or the wider region."
So, according to PETA, we have an “animal rights” philosopher who “fathered” the animal rights movement and wrote its “bible”, but in bold contradiction, would agree with Jeremy Bentham that rights (for anyone, including humans) are “nonsense upon stilts”.
"You have a beautiful profile," she told me.
07 Get Your Hands Off My Woman
They were married at St Pancras Church, Lewes, East Sussex on the 6th July 1957. Looking at this, I'm immediately struck by how young they look. My father would have been six weeks short of his twenty-third birthday, and my mother was six months older than him. It's a little odd seeing your parents at that age; you always see them as being much older than you! My father had already seen a little bit of life; by this time he'd done two years National Service, mostly spent in Germany. My mother had moved a lot up to this time; she once told me that she'd moved eighteen times by the time she was twenty-one! I expect she was more than ready to settle down!
Closed Captioned: English
Another blog? (And what's with the ice-cream metaphors?)
Enjoy the photo... ;)
The first problem with conversing with Santa is to figure out whether Santa wants to stay in character, or if you can talk directly to the fat guy under the suit. I tried to open with a question that would let him make the choice.
When I saw the theme announced for this week's Sepia Saturday, "May Day Around the May Pole" I knew I had the perfect photo. When I picked up this stereograph some time ago in an antique store I had no idea what I would ever do with it and voila! the perfect opportunity just arose.
Is it so much to ask for??
Jeremy – 199 (51.13%) wow!
It must be where the idea for Proctor & Gamble’s Swiffer products came from.
"Any plans with Jessica this summer?" Her dad asked.
She checked her papers and was surprised to see that Austin indeed had been placed in honors classes. "You're right. He is supposed to be in honors. I have no idea what happened. I'll work on this right now. Have Austin come see me as soon as he gets to school tomorrow so we can get him to the right classes."
I think for me, public holidays have just become another day off. A chance to do things I haven’t had the chance to do in my normal working week. Catch up on sleep, catch up on chores and so on. But what if I actually spent the public holidays meditating and reflecting on the significance of the occasion? That’s the whole point of the public holiday, I suppose. I would spend the whole of Easter weekend thinking about the significance of the crucifixion and resurrection, and what it means for me. I would spend Anzac day thinking about the privileges of being an Australian and the sacrifices others have made in order for us to enjoy our freedoms. And I would spend Labour day thinking about the eight hour day movement. Eight hours for work, eight hours for play and eight hours for rest.
Angus:
But it mentions rock-and-roll, and sort of -- claims it, or "welcomes" it, as a second cousin, or something, of jazz.
pepper and salt, with his decent silver watch in his pocket and its
My DD and DS made me sweet Mothers Day cards - I love the kittyes my son drawed !!
They knew the truth of the resurrection and were staking their lives on it.
Mr. Kong, you may accede yourself canonized.
"You're right, I'm just overreacting after seeing my old rival." I say, "She's probably completely changed. We might end up being friends!"
anything but love or true Christian charity from me
They also sent a bunch of ideas for Hexbug party games. We played a few of them, but I can honestly see how you could have a Hexbug birthday party, and play these games. Each child's "goodie bag" could be their own Hexbug (which cost about $10, I think -- a little high for a party, but it's cheaper than going somewhere else, right?). Some of the games included:
Normally, putting a space between each picture is easy (see the codes in the illustrations).
Steve Rogers: Neither am I! He’s got the same blood on his hands as Loki. Right now we’ve got to put that aside and get this done.
Can they use it to twat fish on the head and feed a family for a week? - maybe, if it's a really stupid fish.
Just to hear
Thank you Mom for teaching us that the cure for stupid is time and patience.
Mayo
Hee hee!
by mere circumstance
Serious Study
One of their biggest hits "It hurts so bad" often gets frequent playtime on my iPod. It's somewhat of a melancholy tune that's full of rhythm and soul, which is why I love it so much. The song has been remade numerous times, but to me.. no other renditions ever came close to hitting the mark.
Anyway, havent been blogging as much of late, as have been getting pains in the right wrist, which apprently is an R.S.I - I keep telling the hubby its due to bad posture at work and not too much time on the pc at home, hehehe. Have been shopping around for decent gel support thingy but in the meantime Mr Pritt has been looking after me at work - hows this for "whats on your work top" pciture!!!!
Like I said, it's the perfect exfoliate because the sugar dissolves somewhat so it's gentle and I've used it 2-3 times in a row (it just feels so good!) without any issues but I try to limit to just once or twice a week. Plus with the addition of essential oils, you can make the scent to your liking. I used sweet orange -- mmm, so springy!
The "Giant Coffee Pot" stop on Thursday turned out to be a bust, but the accidental breakfast that we found on Friday morning more than made up for it.
In writing to the church at Corinth, Paul told the believers he wanted to visit and spend some time with them, but that he needed to stay in Ephesus because of an opportunity for ministry: “I will tarry in Ephesus until Pentecost. For a great and effective door has opened to me” (1 Cor. 16:8-9). And Paul also involved others by asking them to pray for open doors so he could speak clearly about Christ (Col. 4:3).
August 3 - Annette Charles, actress ("Grease"), 63
Self-raising flour or maida – 1-1/2 cups
the Middlest was horrified & told me to go back to my blues & greens!
One just hit my head upside
Does Bob Really Know the Science? Elliptical Orbits Versus Epicycles
Living Doll by Piers Anthony
Your stops along the Blog Hop:
While language is known to change and evolve, the physical form of books is doing the same. I often wonder if we shouldn’t be publishing mostly paperbacks–the original disposal read. The cost is reduced and the words remain the same; it doesn’t use electricity or super strain your vision. Early pulp fiction spread the printed word (economically and effectively–even providing space for artists to make a few nickels and dimes). There’s nothing wrong with grabbing an idea from the past for the present.
Last week I set a few goals... cut back on the sugar intake, get in five workouts and drink 72+ ounces of water each day. I'm happy to report that I did get in five workouts, and did great with my water except on Saturday. Unfortunately I still wasn't great in the sweets department, but definitely better.
5 minutes on the elliptical (this one really raised my heart beat, but stamina wise, I think I could have done a little more).
Another Northern Ireland match is looming. Last time the team took an early lead against the Faroe Islands, before falling into the old pattern of slow sideways passing. Luckily the introduction of Niall McGinn, early in the second half, revitalised the line-up and Steven Davis notched up a second from long range, before Pat McCourt decided to take the Islanders apart twice with his mesmerising ball skills.
Then suddenly, without warning, a plane flew into the World Trade Center. At 8:46 AM, Flight 11 crashed into the North Tower 1. Tower 2, the South Tower was attacked 16 minutes later at 9:02 AM. At 9:36 AM, Flight 77 crashed into the Pentagon. Heroically, the passengers of Flight 93 resisted the hijackers and forced the plane to crash in a Pennsylvania field.
We are never going to eliminate materialism completely from the holiday season. As long as there are people, there will be a demand for material things. Yet, we do have the power to control how much materialism we want to include in our holiday season. As for me, I know that I will also be taking time to enjoy the gift of nature during the holidays!
And all the strangers know your name
& I have been trying to get back on track...
Usually I let them choose what book we read, often reading the same few books over an over again. At Christmastime, though, I put away their old, favorite picture books and read a different Christmas story to my children each night in December. We don't have quite enough books to fill in every night yet, so we double up and read some of their favorites more than once. Mostly I'm reading to the youngest two, sometimes three kids, but there are a couple of the books I make a point to read to the whole family each Christmas season (Legend of the Candy Cane, I Believe in Santa Claus, Christmas Oranges, Christmas Day in the Morning).
Nowadays I spread the wealth around a vast array of films that I have collected in a vast array of ways. (cough)... But there was a time that summer TV watching meant lots of late night Time Life infomercials, Ricki Lake, and of course American Gladiators reruns.
It’s almost Cinco de Mayo, and I’m sharing a twist on the classic margarita: a beergarita! And being the professional and thoughtful food blogger that I am, I have tried it and am sharing the recipe before the big day so you can get your supplies, make your drink and be sipping it while everyone else is at the liquor store this weekend.
Olivia opened her mouth and slowly placed her lips on the hard stick. She could see streaks of shininess from where the stick had just come out of her own ass.
Did you hear me? There is no perfection in this life. Do your best. Give your all. But for Heaven's sake, be free! Don't allow your one precious life to slip away while you spend all your time in an exhaustive search for "more."
Kid #1 What do you think was in the coffin?
I greet you in God, the same God whom we all know and from whom we have all received love. Know that I mean to write to you in emulation of that love that Christ first showed us.
And for covering their costs on getting an author a block of 10 ISBN’s, Elm charge £169 for a block, £51 more than it will cost to get the block directly from Nielsen UK (£118).
6) If you were suddenly thrown into another world where magic existed, what is something from the real world you'd want to take with you? (Limitations apply on energy sources and such.)
*I get that it’s not a real word, Spell Check, I am using it anyway, mkay? Mkay.
2.) (1 May 2006) “All the photographs showing how really fine she was when she left scene were doctored, where the date stamp was actually fraudulent.”
Place tomatoes on large baking sheet lined with parchment paper.
The trainer had me start with the easy stuff, so at least gathering ingredients was a simple task. It turned out a great way to explore some of Kalimdor too. I’ve not travelled much on this continent, so that was exciting at least. I even tried my hand at a bit of archaeology too. I have to admit that I didn’t do a lot of that though – who would have thought there would be something even more boring than fishing? I heard someone describe it as archaeomgthisisboring. I loved that and laughed out loud when I heard them say it. I did hear that it can have some very cool rewards, but I think I might leave that until a bit later. I think if I work on my fishing and archaeology at the same time I may just keel over from the boredom.
By the way, the only reason I have a rice cooker is because my mom left her old one behind when she moved out. She claims it's a piece of crap, and I agree but it served me right today. This recipe is very loosely based on a recipe from a book called The Ultimate Rice Cooker Cookbook. I've had this book since 2002 or so when I was stationed in Bethesda, MD and I thought I'd be doing some cooking in the barracks. Turns out I couldn't be bothered so I had not made a single thing from it until today.
of four inventors on the face of the patent. It is undisputed that after the
And so.....
So I've been lamenting the sarcastic put-downs and cynicisms that seem to define the proverbial prison society raises you in...and yet unabashedly prefacing my entire derision of it with bucketloads of what David Wallace termed 'hip cynicism...a hatred that winks and nudges you and pretends it's just kidding'. I'm not just kidding, I'm pandering to people who would read this and laugh, jerking up a mocking corner of lips and expelling sardonic plosives. I'm self-deprecating and disguising honest concern and sadness for the state of a society which is beyond caring. And it's disgusting. And you know what, I'm nothing different from the apathetic masses...except today.
I knew a woman, lovely in her bones,
She is now are faithful and loved companion dog.
Always Pads, Lean or Feminine Cleansing Cloths $0.50
behind that ever seeing third eye
Gas fired.
April 24th is the anniversary of when Pat and I started dating...seven years ago. We met in college and made things official at a "picnic" his fraternity was hosting (by picnic I mean a big open field with lots of people and about 40 kegs of beer - it was terribly romantic). Its funny to look back to our younger selves - I was 19 and he was 20, just babies! The years have gone by very quickly, but its hard to remember a time when we weren't a "we." He's my best friend and I'm even more obsessed with him now that I was way back then.
After a weekend of entertaining, I found myself left with a bag of my favorite chips/crackers and goat cheese. It took less than one minute to place some goat cheese directly onto the chip and top it with another chip. Dipping the chip into the goat cheese would result in breaking the chip therefore leaving a messy, crumble in the goat cheese.
The first rehearsal with Cathrine Fandén was on the 14th of January 1979 and it worked at once. Then they convinced Stephans neighbour Lars Holma to join on bass and on the 23rd of March they had their first concert under the name of Smudge with a repertoire of Three girl rumba (Wire), No heart (The Vibrators), Louie Louie (the Stooges version), Last Orders (The Fall), Sunday Morning Nightmare (Sham 69) and six self penned songs. On the next gig all the covers were gone and the band changed name to Vacum. On the 12th of August the band went to Gävle and during a few hours recorded and mixed six songs for their own Ep and also the track Svartvitt for The Sundsvall Punk Ep. Soon after that Cathrine moved to London to be au pair but Stephan and Mats did not give up and instead convinced another childhood friend Anders Olsson to join in on bass and also found drummer Sank Sankqvist who just got kicked out of Pizzoar.
My mom was very excited as we left the book store. I asked her if I embarrassed her at all.
Today we were also joined by our President, Mike Amos, who told us so many amusing stories and who joined in so well with our activities. I always leave 'Writers' full of enthusiasm for putting pen to paper.
The Good Wife is the prestige that eludes CBS amidst all its success. Its their critically acclaimed drama, their Emmy winner for Juliana, the only broadcast drama repeatedly up for Best Drama at the Emmys in a sea of cable nominees. They were obviously gonna renew it, but its the only CBS 9p performer with a 1.8 (albeit one that commands large ad rates). They won’t likely leave it Sun at 9. So where does it go? There are 3 options I think:
1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
can also offer additional helpful benefits. If you stay in your
(Are you freaking kidding me? WHAT ARE THEY TEACHING THESE KIDS????)
Another mode of destruction is Clubbing on Ecstasy. It is a special occasion like going to church on Sundays. A common feature of ecstasy clubbers is a need to escape from themselves which in a healthier age would have led to a mystic journey in solitude as eremites counting their beads and communing with God. In our degraded times they are prey for the hard-headed business people who use any fashion to make money out of people.
draw me near in embrace
Dropped by Old World Brewery after work yesterday and managed to keep to my one beer promise and get back to Beer Rant HQ before sundown, which is nice. I didn’t try the anniversary ale, though I’d planned to originally, I just can’t keep away from that Dark Knight Porter of theirs and dang if I ain’t glad I did this time.
Chicago's Siebel Institute of Technology has long been the gold standard for brewer education and they have moved smoothly into a similar spot when it comes to training distillers. Good thing, too, because the companies that used to do it, such as Seagram's, are all gone.
Finally, I've been thinking about how we all need to "Act like an Artist." Artists have been getting the work done - their art - in commercial, nonprofit, individual and networked ways since the dawn of time. We need to learn from them because their social economy is now all of ours.
Here goes ...
FORCE begins well; in fact the opening shot of John Abraham clutching at a rock face reminds one of a similar shot in CLIFFHANGER. However the biggest letdown is John himself, for despite his six pack structure and handsome looks, he just does not emote. True, the character he plays is that of a tough cop who is emotionless, but even such a character needs to be emoted!! Surprisingly, the best performance comes from debutant Vidyut Jamwal in the role of the cold and ruthless villain; he certainly will win the best villain award for this year. Genelia is forever playing the effervescent bubbly genial girl and so perhaps script writers pen their scripts keeping this in mind; even her open expression of her desire in the movie to make love to the cop sounds childlike rather than adult.
We also did not enjoy our beach time that afternoon, at which point a massive wave took out a few of the girls and soaked a lot of our stuff. The casualties included, a pair of shorts, an iPhone, a camera, and a knee. Everything else was just wet and we were a little traumatized. However, in the late afternoon, I took the best nap. I know that is random, but it was that good. I had to mention it. Of course, it prepared me for another evening our with the girls.... An evening where friends of Jupy got free shots!!! Whoot whoot!!!
Talking about marijuana, I've only broken the law a few times in my life. And on every single occasion I've been fined for petty transgressions. Once, when I still used to commute to West Hampstead I sat in the first class carriage on the overground, although I had a standard economy travel card. At the next stop an inspector got on and asked me to show him my ticket. I thought of pretending not to understand English, but I had a copy of The Guardian (the old version) sprawled on my lap.
Mechanically, there’ve been a few issues with the tensioner, bolts have come loose occasionally and required tightening, but nothing more serious. The bike is much easier to clean than it used to be. In the summer we had our holiday on the Gower in South Wales and I planned on taking the bike. Anticipating some of the hills, I swapped the 16 tooth cog for the 18 tooth to lower the gear ratio from 2.75 to 2.44. That doesn’t sound like a huge reduction but when I tried it out around Portsmouth – not a place renowned for it’s hilly countryside – I was back in rabid, feral hamster mode, only without the tailwind. It’s too early to saw what the wear and tear will be, but when I swapped cogs the 16 tooth and chain looked to be holding up fine. There was also no chain slippage when I used the worn-in chain on the unused 18 tooth cog. Try that on a cassette!
Personal Demons by Lisa Desrochers
- Avoid meat
Add 2/3 cup honey and stir well. You will probably have some dry, powdery parts that won't combine with the other ingredients. If you do, add more honey, a glug at a time, until it's all sticking together pretty well. You don't want to make a liquidy mess - more of a pasty one.
At the time, I was full throttle into a walking program of my own design: I would walk for 45 minutes, 5 times a week, and I ended up going a couple of years without ever skipping a walk. Most of the walks were done immediately after work, which served the double purpose of getting some exerciseandclearing my head after long, stressful days at the office. I wasn’t pairing my exercise with any sort of healthy eating – I was eating tons of junk food, and although I wasn’t weighing myself, I’m fairly certain, looking back, that my weight loss was minimal, if any.
Best Cinematography: Hugo.
Place potato and turnip chunks into a pot of water and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat and boil for 5 minutes. Add cauliflower pieces and continue boiling until all vegetables are fork tender, about 5 to 7 minutes. Drain.
February 16, 2012
SUN. 10/5 - "OPERA TO BROADWAY" VOCAL PERFORMANCES @ CAFE 322 IN SIERRA MADRE, 7pm. 322 W. Sierra Madre Blvd. 626-836-5414. Full bar and great Italian food. Every Sunday evening. Get there early - they pack 'em in!
Gaby tells Claudia the truth about Alejandro molesting her as a child but Claudia will not believe it. Until Marisa comes in and tells her he was doing the same to her. Claudia, to her credit, immediately believes her daughter and after seeing the “red wine” stain on Gaby’s carpet padding, believes Gaby when she says Alejandro will never hurt anyone again. Looks like the ladies might be back in the clear for awhile.
Tangling in the streets
hides in plain sight by the Mersey.
Last birthday or bike ride, vacation or dance.
14. Stillness
In trying to keep this little update short, I’m going to sign off now with a short story review of “Early Release For Bad Behavior” by Kevin Hopson. It’s a story I enjoyed reading and I think you may also. Until we next meet, check out the review that follows and have a great rest of the day. See you on Wednesday.
The boy's mother and I decided it would be a wonderful belated Christmas gift to have me fly in on the 30th so surprise him :) It was a HUGE surprise because he had NO idea (mwahaha) that I was coming to visit!!
33. Gran Torino (Clint Eastwood)
In November 2009 the Quixotic Challenges blog was started, where you can find weekly inspiration from the wonderful Quixotic Paperie Design Team, and join in for the chance to win a monthly prize.
Judgment is something that we all dread. It is something that we would rather not think about. It is something that we will face if we do not turn to the One whom God sent.
Cognitive dissonance is part and parcel of being the victim of a personality disordered individual. It doesn’t occur in healthy relationships for several reasons:
This is not difficult, given that there is very little attempt at analysis on the part of Obama's defenders, (or the “believers" as one might call them) just a lot of arrogant jeering and name calling, whereas Douglas Hagman makes some very telling points and raises issues, especially in part 2, which have not been satisfactorily answered. Hagmann's reports make interesting reading, and I urge you to read them, whatever your take on this issue.
-celebrated our first Mother's/Father's day
JULIAN SANDS (Boxing Helena)
However, as a value-for-money gaming machine, the Medion Erazer X6819′s appeal is undeniable.
The other Mod dogs woofed their agreement and then began to make their way towards the long seaside grass, as they did so, Kelly trotted up bedside Moon and nudged him in the ribs.
An estate sale can only mean one of two things, the guy skipped town and left everything he owned behind, or more likely, died.
maybe I couldn’t become a child psychologist after all. (I wonder what a child pychologist would say about my ideas back then? Hmmm… another post for sure.)
Both films open with a scene from the future.
Anyway, the socks:
Verve Bitter Sweet Symphony UK
Chav Harry sneered.
Oxon
But lets get back to the salad. The chicken was moist and full of flavour after being marinated in olive oil, paprika and parsley, and the baby gem lettuce was crunchy and coated in a salty and spicy dressing. Add some crunchy croutons and a bit (ok a lot) of grated parmesan and this is one tasty salad which I would definitely make again. In fact I am making it again, albeit with no cheese and no croutons so I’ve got a tasty and healthy lunch at work tomorrow. I need to be healthy after a weekend of serious indulgence while visiting my fab family. Chilli, Indian curry, ham and cheese sandwiches, trifle, lemon cake, millionaires shortbread, roast pork with lots of crackling, wine…. phew! Its going to be a week of fruit, veg, chicken and fish to make up for the delicious sins of the weekend. Thankfully I now have salads to add my very small list of healthy recipes, thank you Ainsley!
Cassie – King of Hearts (Kanye West Remix)
Talking to the subject of my professional interview, I learned that librarians wear many hats and those hats do not necessarily have the title librarian attached to it. She has given me a peek into what a future librarian has to do. When it is already difficult to find a full-time librarian position, we have to be out there educating our potential employers the true value of what a librarian can bring to their institutions. This adds to how much more we have to incorporate into our education, but it is still exciting to know that our field is growing and changing and that we can make it what we want it to be.
Reject the devils darkness and suppression of Islam before it is too late for you!
Hazel Dell Brewpub (Vancouver)
"All we know is that it is highly contagious. It is believed to be transmitted via drops of fluid, when one person coughs or sneezes or when someone encounters the bodily fluids of the infected person," said Ms Pelser of the Morningside Medi-Clinic... "It is serious enough to be careful. We feel compelled to warn people," said the spokeswoman of Morningside Medic-Clinic.
“Agree.”
Aphrodisiac, Bow Wow Wow
This event will last three days.
(Oh, and I'm not actually entered in the giveaway if you happen to notice my name on the entry list... Confession, this is my first time using Rafflecopter, so I had to check it out and make sure my settings were correct. hehe!)
I was trying to think of something funny to say that would make you all laugh, and then realise how funny I am (I am really funny) but I couldn't think of anything that didn't make me sound like a complete idiot who was up her own bottom.
I am an indoor crafter. Remember?
One of the hard parts about being a fan of late-60s/early-70s cinema and music is that it can feel like there's a constant death parade of artists, directors, musicians and performers that I admire. If there can be said to be any up-side to the loss of so many talented individuals, it's that I've got an increased sense of urgency surrounding the Making Of Stuff. It's not as if all the gifted people on Earth are dead or no longer producing good work--there's a ton of interesting new material out there yet to be realized.
For today's sock of the day, we decided to spice things up a little and go with stockings.
I was so thrilled when I found this particular cabinet as it actually reminded me of one my mother has at her house. When it arrived on Friday I immediately went to work filling it with all of the new blue and white jars we had also just received into the store. I was like a child on Christmas morning.
Which means I was a couple years pre-transition, as I didn’t come out as Ellen until July 1996. Didn’t have my surgery until September 1998. In 1994 I had decided to go into therapy regarding the whole thing. And now I’m trying to remember how I hooked up with Lin Frasier. I think I started with a different therapist, a man with whom I did not entirely get along, and he referred me out. Or the Center he was associated with did. At any rate, this would probably be as good a year as any to mark as when I finally began to dig out from under the mountain of shit that was keeping me so miserable.
5/5, May fifth, is Children's Day--the time of year you see undulating carp streamers hanging off balconies or strung across rivers. Koinobori (Koi-- carp, nobori-- streamer) are actually windsocks painted with eyes and fins and scales and shaped tails to resemble the giant Koi that fight their way back upstream every spring.
I did not point out to the highly educated doctor that when the odds reach 100%, you are looking at something of a certainty rather than a chance.
Capacity in prisons could be freed up by ceasing to imprison for offences where community service or attachment orders would be more appropriate. It is such a poor deployment of resources when the incarceration of a poor unfortunate who hasn’t been able to pay their TV license causes the early release of a violent criminal at the other end of the prison system. Facilities such as Spike Island could be re-opened if capacity freed up in prisons proves insufficient.
Mid Clinical Stage Products 16
Hello everyone! Welcome to another addition of ... my blog!
the two QALs calling to me at random moments.
And the mystery this time is the dead body found in the Merlotte’s parking lot. Thus begin Sookie’s troubles spiked up with some supernatural-hating religious fundamentalists, a fairy war and of course, Eric.
Suddenly I got a feeling that there was some kind of shade above me. It felt wierd... a blackness and I was wondering ... untill ... all of a sudden I realized that it was actually an atmospheric effect. The blackness was actually the air at this level, free from the pollutants, while below it was the brownish glowing air with all the trapped pollution of Delhi. God ! It suddenly struck me how much of an unhealthy place we live in.
Samir Kuntar, the Lebanese child killer who was recently freed in a swap for the mutilated and tortured bodies of two Israelis kidnapped by Hezbollah was named an 'honorary Palestinian citizen' a mere two years ago while Abbas was in power. He was was publicly celebrated by ,Mahmoud Abbas,Israel's supposed peace partner, who referred to Kuntar as `heroic' and to his having won 'a big struggle.' The Palestinian media ran numerous programs touting him as a hero and role model.
Sentiments (Stampin' Up)
We start Insurgent with Tris still very much affected by the fact that she had to kill Will, someone she knew well and with the death of her parents, which she will never know then as well as she thought she did, and they will never know how well she turned out to be. It still haunts her this unbelievable guilt that they sacrificed their lives for her and the unspeakable act she had to do to Will. She can't even talk about it because she thinks people will see her differently especially Tobias (Four).
The sauces, baked tofu, and Taiwanese noodles can be found at your local Chinese Market. I have included here a store locator to your nearest 99 Ranch Market. My mom suggested this specific brand for the sauces but unfortunately, the bottles have no English labels so I’ve attached a picture as a guide.
There’s never a good time for trying to fool the public.
Standards provide a sense of security and independence, and take the guesswork out of day-to-day activities. Your people can move freely within defined parameters without having to look over their shoulders or second-guess themselves.
Here are the new guidelines to follow when entering our challenge:
This will definitely be the day to plan on buying my necklaces and earrings. I have never had a sale like the one I’m planning for Saturday April 9. BE THERE or you will be very disappointed in yourself and your friends will laugh at you. “HA, HA, HA & HA” they will say in unison as they flash their new accessories.
Based on that experience I can say "this is what happened". Because that experience itself would never take place unless something had happened.
the Bay Area.
Pregnancy is definitely the reason for my lack of new recipes. It's harder to menu plan when I don't know what I'll be in the mood for. I've had a massive sweet tooth lately, which you'd think would provide me with more blog content, but before I can snap a picture most of what I've made is gone! And pregnancy brain really does exist. I forget to take pictures if I've made something new all the time now.
Bottom line: Read!
Woah. That's a headrush.
The last couple weekends, I was sick of riding in the arena and I just needed a break. This is when he was being strange in there, so I think he needed a break, too. I decided to do multiple trips with him on the hill. Back last fall, when I was first trying to get him to settle down on the hill, I was leading him multiple trips. The result was that each successive trip, he got worse instead of better! I’m glad to say that this time he got better on each trip down. The first few times I just did 2 trips and towards the end of the month I was doing 3 trips each ride. sometimes Ellen rode Ranger and sometimes Kevin rode Starry. A few rides were with Ellen on foot.
Me: Dustin Hoffman
This wasn’t an unmitigated success, but it’s a solid movie about some relationship realities. It comes to the kind of conclusion that is laudable, but sometimes loses confidence in the audience to see it. Solid effort.
I thought this vase was just gorgeous...I love the beautiful flower design. I embossed the base with Swiss Dots and offset some of the layers for depth. I also attached the flowers and vines with foam tape for dimension, and added crystals.
Finally, we have the Framing technique. Like with Lines you look for ways you can frame your subject in order to bring your eye to the subject more dynamically. I haven't challenged myself much creatively with this one, but here are a few examples.
That’s kind of the “common rule” about feelings, isn’t it? I’m not sure yet if really applies to me, to adoptees who say what they feel. It’s an interesting phenomenon that if an adoptee expresses feelings that are seemingly negative, angry, sad, or anything that is short of being thankful and happy, people abandon the “common rule.” An adoptee, if he/she is not careful, could get labeled as a “good adoptee” or a “bad adoptee” based on what he/she shares. Side note . . . I digress.
Things you need to cook pineapple jam
singer: You don’t say!!!
I do feel more lean, cut and much less bloated in my stomach. I am never overly hungry; I eat when I feel hungry, and stop once I feel satiated. I have removed protein drinks from my post-workout regimen and have started eating regular food instead. I think that overall, I’m eating LESS food; I’m eating things that fill me up, so I don’t need to eat as often. I have also cut back on the amount of caffeine I’m drinking. I have limited myself to 2 cups of coffee on the Keurig machine in the morning, and then for the rest of the day its tea and water.
(Genesis 22:7-18 The Scriptures 1998+)
Him : 'are you sure???'
confession 1: I had never watched spiderman 3 until two nights ago. as you should expect, this had to be rectified. so it was.
I received my replacement cookies on Thursday(which is actually a day earlier than their email had said to expect them)! They were a nice surprise to return home to from my trip! I opened the box and there was one cookie that was only partially broke. It was not that bad, it had broke in half so I can’t really complain about it.
Tonight - wild caught tilapia with lemon, whole grain brown rice couscous, salad (all organic)
Michelle Obama is a pretty, slim, well educated smart woman, who went after her own career, all the while marrying, producing children, and doing it well - from the outside. Why wouldn't she be intimidating? Michelle Obama is an actual real life Clair Huxtable - Lawyer wife, high powered job, kids, home -without the help of a nanny. Doing the Black middle-class 'Strivers' juggle. No, I'm not putting Michelle into the ' Strong Black Woman' stereotype; she just doesn't seem much different from other educated Black women that I know.
Though I never read Of Mice and Men in school, I did watch the 1939 film adaptation during our Steinbeck unit in 11th grade. I know there are several other movie and TV versions. Which one is the best? John Malkovich kinda bugs me, but I'm curious about him playing Lennie in the 1992 adaptation.
One tip: cut the stem off all the way. You definitely don't need it.
I've now started 4 different answers to 2 separate questions. One time I wrote a veritable novel. Got to the end, and realized I didn't like how the answer turned out. Long story short, I didn't even answer the original question, but rather retold a story of my own. A couple other times, I didn't like the answer I was putting down onto paper (well, computer "paper"). So I restarted and rehashed my feelings. Didn't like that either.
It's been one mad week I can tell ya, and I've not sat down much before 10:30pm each evening so I need some chill time and I need one big clear out in my craft room, it looks like two bombs have dropped, lol, so guess what I'll be doing at the weekend......
You’re the only puzzle piece that fits.
I an saving the archives and hope that he will soon return ... he is a most gifted writer, but more importantly, a wonderful person and my treasured friend. I hope all is well!
source :
I paper pieced the hat and scarf from the SU Christmas pack of DP, and used the swiss dots CB folder for the white layer. The CS is also from SU Christmas pack....Ruby Red and Old Olive. The lace and buttons are from my stash.
Could I wiggle my toes? Yep.
It is your job to know your children and get to know them again and again as they grow and change. Get to know what it is they love, what it is that interests them. A big part of my job involves spending time looking for various resources in the area of my children’s passions – books, tools, people, events, classes, gatherings, websites, lists – and offer them up to my children. This is how I encourage my children to pursue what they love in life, by feeding them things that they may be interested in until they’re not interested in it anymore. (They are also quite capable of *feeding* themselves in the areas of their passions, or anything else that may be new and interesting to them…but right now we re just talking about the unschooling parent’s job…).
This week, the Tuesdays with Dorie group tackled a lovely Lemon Loaf Cake. I just love all things lemon. Made with cake flour, this loaf has a nice, delicate crumb.
I wish I would have eaten better this week, but uhm....we sold ALL of our dishes in our garage sale last week. Sooooo, we've ordered pizza, takeout, and took our forks to town in a casserole dish of baked ziti one night ( how romantic, right?). Our frige is practically empty because we're trying to run as lean as we can on perishables until we go. We still have frozen dishes left from our pre-Sal freezer stock extravanganza, and well....we should eat them, since that was the point of making them. I suppose more romantic eating out of the same dish nights are up ahead of us. LOL.
Another version of the Indulgentiam runs “The Almighty and merciful God grant you absolution and remission of all your sins, through confession, contrition, penance and through satisfaction and emendation of life.
2. When washing your clothes, you can be certain that you use 100 percent clean water. Unlike ordinary tap water, filtered water makes sure that your clothes and other items do not absorb tap contaminants. This is wonderful, especially if you have a history of recurring allergies or have sensitive skin.
"In the poorest countries, corruption levels can mean the difference between life and death, when money for hospitals or clean water is in play," TI said. "The continuing high levels of corruption and poverty plaguing many of the world's societies amount to an ongoing humanitarian disaster and cannot be tolerated," the organisation's head, Huguette Labelle, said.
A sharp knife is also required when cooking a pork belly. The key to crispy skin is to score it, a task that’s almost impossible with even the best of knives. (My mom’s Cutco’s fared miserably with this task.)
Our work situation was super intense, and it created a storm of intensity between us that I can still honestly say I have never felt with anyone else. I wanted to remain friends and you wanted more, but I was terrified of losing you as someone I could lean on (which of course ended up being true). You say you fell in love with me when we painted our rooms together. Mine bright orange. Yours bright blue. We got lazy towards the end of yours. Soon after, you stuck a piece of chewed gum to the wall next to my bed and pulled off a chunk of paint. I realized how I felt about you when I spent two days away from you. I couldn’t believe our friendship was so close that I noticed you were gone after such a short separation.
Let cakes cool completely before topping. I used a simple icing made from powdered sugar and lemon juice but will be looking at trying out something a little more special for the actual wedding cakes.
Jamie Moyer faced Ken Griffey Jr. and Sr.
“Ammonia, fertilizer, two quarts of motor oil, a shovel, and lime if they’ve got it.”
I looked into my fridge and found some apples, I always have walnuts in the freezer... Aha! the light bulb in my brain just got turned on; 'I am going to make apple brownies!'
But I sit under my Raspberry Tree;
Shortly after New Year`s midnight Vasilopita is cut and a piece is distributed to every member of the family and any house guests that are present at that moment. The person that gets a piece with a coin inside, is considered to be lucky this year and these days he also gets a prearranged present or some sum of money (depending on family`s traditions and preferences).
Stamps: Our Daily Bread Designs (border strip), Clear Dollar Stamps (sentiment), Rubber Stamp Tapestry (pine cones, branches, etc.)
Please don't be confused by the title. It's not me lol - been there, done that and NEVER again :).
Eventually tons of Quantitative Easing TNT barely made it roll a few meters up
Read from my TBR Pile of Doom
7. When we clean wood surfaces in our homes, why do we call it “dusting”? Shouldn’t it be “undusting or dedusting”?
I walk on
This MAY possibly be the only green in my home this season, but who knows what else will inspire me to go green! Happy Crafting!
“Well, I’m beginning to think you shouldn’t be accepting it, Ma. I’ve heard some things about Master von Baren that I don’t like.” I said sarcastically.
I’m going to say with a devilish grin, “Maybe I shouldn’t have ripped that up. You’ll need that scooter once I’m through with you.”
bright as the diadems of her eyes,
Billy Ray
The white spinner wheel is cut as a template so that you can put a brad and then turn it to mark the frame for the photos on the actual spinner wheel. The frame on the spinner is 1/4 " lesser than the opening on the layout to give it a mat effect ( I used 3x2 photos so the opening on top is 3-1/4" x 2 -1/4". Now these pictures will maybe show what I am talking about better.
- In a separate bowl, the raisins and peel soak in black tea for the same length of time. I ran out of regular raisins, so I measured out a combination of raisins, golden raisins, and currants.
Half of the time when she was speaking, she was incoherent - I had an inkling that she had been drinking. Before I came out from the dining room, she picked up the empty wine bottle stood on the dining table and said to me, "Life is very comfortable at the bottom of this bottle!" I thought it was quite remarkable. Even Bette Davis couldn't possibly know how to say this line more convincingly than her. I had to hold my breath when I entered the kitchen because of the heaviness of the smell – the smell of old water in the flower vase or the dusty rose carpet left in the rain. There were stacks of dirty dishes in the kitchen sink.
It’s become quite funny. Each morning we weigh ourselves like 3-4 times before we begin our daily fitness routine. Then we weigh ourselves after we work out, then we weigh ourselves before bed.
Rob Reiner (North)
Froze them and
May 4 – The Rave (Milwaukee, WI) #
always left the tiniest of cracks
This is a wonderful little story inspired by an Armenian proverb and medieval manuscript illustrations.
Even if you have a date with a girl you want to make think you’re all about romanticism I would really advice you to steer clear from The Lucky One. It’s a film that’s all about really nice sceneries shot in the best daylight possible, and about Zac Efron looking adorable with his little dog while he tracks down a girl with whom he thinks it’s his destiny to be with. Even if the film then does absolutely nothing at all to explore this notion of fate. But anyways, this does follow the aforementioned Nicholas Sparks formula quite closely, so I guess it’s my bad for seeing this and getting annoyed because those who liked his other films will probably like this one. All I know is that, since they all go after the same thing, you might as well just watch The Notebook yet again since that one’s actually pretty great.
711210 Spectator sports (including professional sports clubs & racetrack operations)
Enough about the hard stuff... This is a celebration post! 9 months home! She is doing amazing! She is gaining weight and growing! (I'll update the actual numbers tomorrow.) She sang words at music this month! Kendra (her teacher) noticed too and beamed along with me. She helped me celebrate Mother's Day as a mom to two! Although I haven't noticed to many new solid words, some are getting much clearer. She does lack the confidence to use much speech in front of others. She generally saves it for when she is home. She had her first dental cleaning and did pretty good! She had her 4th birthday and first one with us! She is putting more things in her mouth. She has had two different textures in her mouth and liked it and even ate bark mulch today! Crazy land!
Thanks so much for having me, Stephanie! And much rock to all your readers.
It had upset her more than the vacant denials.
Writing as a career option is not a very lucrative profession; the hardships are many and rewards few. Unless one is working as a journalist in a newspaper office or a magazine establishment and is assured a regular pay cheque at the end of the month, writers by and large do not make a good income from just their writing. Unless and until they have received a huge advance or movies are being made from their books.
Now are we going to be fooled or is the sex crazed, demented Sandra Fluke a plant working with the Regime? Come on, Right after the Obama Regime gets some flak for forcing People to go against their Religion, this Fluke knucklehead comes out from “under the Sheets”?
Also, after taking journalism classes I thought the regular writing (even if it is short and casual) would help me keep my skills fresh.
In the recent past, I've consistently come out against self-pubbers, because POD usually resulted in an expensive, inferior, non-returnable product, and once an ISBN gets attached, those low numbers follow you via Bookscan, making it even harder to land a big book deal with a major publisher, or get your book into brick and mortar stores.
The horse is out of the barn now... ;)
It's not hard to figure out why Arsenic and Old Lace was such a successful play, and one has to give major credit to Capra for expertly translating the material to the movies, without losing the intimacy and charm of the source material. This is a pretty unique film in Capra's body of work. That's not to say it isn't just as heartwarming as much of his other output, but the difference here is the manner in which it goes about causing the "Capra effect".
My husband making a few adjustments to the door. If you notice the lock on the top is locked, we took turns locking each other in as a "surprise". It also has a lock on the inside which I said may be where I go to hide from everyone and they can't come in to bother me. ☺
Domaine Du Cedre (Bourgueil): Yummy pink sparkler. No room in suitcase. Bummer.
“And that repentance and remission of sins should be preached in his name, among all nations, beginning at Jerusalem.”
PLUS, i can’t paint. I am not painting. I am “hurry” painting. I don’t want to Hurry-up-and-paint so i can post a painting every time i drivel out some drivel. I’ve started a ton of paintings, and all i can do is sketch.
Game Of Thrones: A solid bunch of episodes we've managed to get over the last few weeks. We've had a slew of impressive new characters, Joffrey's cruelty towards Sansa intensifying and every scene between Tyrion and Cersei has been riveting to watch. Even the Loras/Renly/Margaery triangle has been interesting to watch along with Arya/Gendry's battle for survival and Melisandre giving birth to whatever that thing was in the last episode. A bit more of Daenerys would be nice though, considering how underused she's been this season but overall, the show continues to deliver in spades.
"That's the village," he responds to another question and gives himself away again. Here in Australia it is a "town". It is considered to be a reasonable size.
For the 95% of you who just come here looking for semi-naked pictures of celebrities (and what was up with Tatum O'Neal last month? 2800 hits on one post? Did I miss something?), continue to be disappointed.
Speaking of themes. There are a number of others that Susan Ee brings to light in this book from racism, to misogyny, to religious beliefs, to human experimentation, to rebellion, to fractured family life. Each setting is structured to tackle these issues, or at least bring them to light for the reader to ponder. But it’s easy to see that it’s all under one big umbrella of deceit.
When my mother told me about her pastor visiting John in jail and that John had made a profession of faith and had turned to God as the only source of help and salvation, I scoffed and sneered. Why would God love somebody like that?
In my last post, I wrote that I thought I would use every day I had left of Screnzy. Then I mentioned to my mom that I was planning to turn my script into a PDF and upload it when I finished it on Monday. She pointed out that my dad’s work computer is the only one that can make PDFs and he’s taking it with him on a business trip starting Monday! Surprise, surprise! So I wrote 10 pages yesterday and 2 today to get my script finished in time. I danced around happily (clumsily) when I finished my script and listened to happy music instead of the sad Harry Potter music I’ve been writing to.
5:45: Mom and Macie eat (Dh has a coaches meeting after school today or we'd wait for him for dinner). Penny needs to be held for most of mom's meal.
"They're ready for us. They're panting for us. And we're about to give them a performance like no other."
So, what is the marketer’s goal? Is it to make the client happy and feel safe and just spend his money? Or should he/she push the client to do something bold, unsafe, risky and defining?
-Remove from pan and served.
Being career-minded (particularly, in cooking) can be fulfilling and horribly dissatisfying all at once. Devotion and hard work ranks among the most important facets of being a good cook and worker, but unfortunately they are detrimental to any semblance of balance. Often what I hear or talk about with friends and cooks are their badges of sacrifice. The typical items most likely given up by those who choose this path include: relationships, family events, dating, health, sleep, travel, social lives, friends, peace, personal space, dignity and time.
I found the perfect venue for this music rumble, Sonny's Vintage Clothing on Guadalupe. Why? Because they are putting on one of the best day party lineups of retro music in the whole damn SXSW! Four of the Six bands in my battle of the bands are playing it on Thursday afternoon, and I highly recommend them all!
Personally, I think the Blue Ribbon Commission report is an incredibly remarkable document, and I hope that we will learn from the powerful data in this report.
of pictures and of shimmering gowns
Erin- Loster21
Lets rephrase this question to read as “What is the value of carrying out an activity like design research?” Possibly one can then find an answer to “Why should one do design research?” For a large part of research history, research as a field seems to be dominated by natural sciences. A surge for specialization in the earlier quarter of the 20th century with the advent of industrialization also reinforced the notion of research as an activity integral and central to natural sciences. This perspective clearly demarcates a stark distinction between sciences and other human activities viz. design, art. It was believed that science and other disciplines (creative, arty or designerly) could never share a common dictionary and thus there could be no communication possible amongst them. But in the recent past, especially post 1970; there have been attempts to bridge this gap. Talking alone of design, it is realized that there could be forms of knowledge peculiar to this discipline.
And for more exciting news, there are three more collections on the way! Soon there will be the Bonita collection, which is folky inspired, the Antonieta collection, which is French inspired, and the Ludica collection, which will have watercolor-inspired/dreamy patterns.
Kron said he’d like to believe the operation will deter future prostitution in the area, but given the number of people turned away and the number of those who went through with the rendezvous despite concerns they were walking into a sting leads him to believe more work is necessary.
On top of that, I've had to collect TELPAS samples. I don't know why collection is such a pain...we are writing in class anyway. AND, I had STAAR testing training on Tuesday and I have TELPAS Online training tomorrow! GEEZ! Bring on the Break!!!!
In the first two stories, we have characters who may have assigned tasks, yet the task is an afterthought or it is performed in a context we do not expect. The sequence is spent with the characters simply talking, as we anticipate whether this task will even be performed, and how. The first story is spent wondering if the moll will even seduce the killer, and whether it will bring him into conflict with the kingpin. In the second story, we expect to see the boxer fight in the ring. Instead, we are given something entirely different – the boxer talking to his girlfriend, as we anticipate his conflict with the kingpin. When the conflict does arrive, it is not in the way we expect.
When foreign workers were invading Canadian territory and negatively affecting the incomes of Canadian citizens, and jeopardizing their financial well being, the government did something about it to protect the interests of the citizens who elected it. It installed a head tax. Now it chaperones foreign workers into the Canadian labour market with no regard to how this affects Canadian incomes and Canadian society.
2. First glue your scrap booking paper the way that you would like for it to look on the clipboard and allow that to dry so that the paper doesn't move when you are covering the entire project. Glue from underneath the paper...don't try to cover the whole clipboard at one time (the paper tends to shift and bubble).
Now, I know what you’re thinking. Enough with the Italian stuff. Yes, it’s true. Italians don’t own peppers! And, being the consummate foodie, I enjoy them in any cuisine. Asian, for instance. What would a good stir fry be without the addition of peppers? Latino cuisine as well. I mean, without peppers a good sofrito wouldn’t be very good at all. And I don’t know where Mexican cooking would be without the pepper – especially chiles. But we’ll explore that in another blog. Even our own American fare makes use of sweet peppers. We include them in our salads, stews and good old fashioned home fries. We even add them to omelets for color and depth of flavor. As for pepper soup? Why not! Try Phyllis’ recipe below. It’s a winner.
Yet the novel also shows us that, at the time, Partition was not imagined to be a complete sealing-off of two geographically and culturally contiguous territories from each other, as turned out to be the case eventually. People left behind their homes, families, cities and countries imagining that they would soon be back once things had settled. But often they never returned, or returned to find that everything they owned had been taken.
'Official Newcastle Craft Beer Week Dinner' - $99 per person
Are my brothers and Dad.”
The “Life” that He offers us is a sharing in the Divine Life (our Promised Land), a life that Jesus terms “Eternal Life”. This is the Life of the Trinity in us – A Life that frees us to experience and be everything that the Lord has destined for us – not only in eternity but right NOW in our present situation. For has He not told us that He is the “I AM”, the God of the “Now” and the God of all our Future “Nows”.“But, …” some of you might ask, “how do we enter into this redeemed life, of which we are just coming into?” My dear brothers and sisters, the Door into the Victory of the Cross in our lives is “Love”. But not the natural kind of Love, rather, it is the Divine kind of “Love” – “Agape” Love – The love that has been poured into our hearts By the Spirit of God (Rom.5:5). The self-sacrificing kind of Love that places the blessing of others above our own well-being and sanctifies our empowerment (cf. 1Cor.13 ff)!
Nigerian Army is a major mitigating
The Scene: It’s midnight on Monday, I’ve run into the bedroom before Tara, our Irish Wolfhound, has a chance to jump on the bed. If she gets there first, she spreads out, hogging most of it, and leaving me on a ledge. If you’ve ever met an Irish Wolfhound, you know what I’m talking about… They’re HUGE, extremely friendly, but huge. It’s no use kicking her off the bed, she’ll wait until we fall asleep and then get on top of us, which is worse.
but he won't
This was an even more deadly poison, our enemies knew from history that nothing undermines a society as effectively as does multiculturalism. Hence they cynically recast the melting pot as grail of our age.
She even said to me, “You need to be more sensitive, Mitchell.” Mitchell, not Mitch. Like I’m hanging on her apron strings, not her husband and provider. Ok, the shop fired me because I came in drunk too many times. It’s her own damn fault, she’s makes me drink.
“You can come in now.” The nurse is standing at the recovery room door. I had been pretty calm until this moment. I thank the nurse and start pushing Anna toward the door. The nurse is smiling at me and commenting on how cute Anna is. Although I smile back, I think I have stopped breathing.
At breakfast this morning our family was talking about joy. I've been struggling this week with being in a sort of mental funk- wanting to complain about everything and definitely not exhibiting joy. It came in handy as I was able to use myself as the example to the kids of what happens when a person lacks gratitude. Ha.
I still have to go through all the pictures I took. We had three cameras during this trip, mine and my family had 2. My camera is not waterproof so many of the ones taken in the Cayman Islands should be on my family’s. Once I get all the pictures together I can give each destination a proper posting. In the meantime here are just some of the pics I took.
On another plumber's truck.
Numpang was discharged and acquitted.
Mitt Romney is doing a great job of rising to the top of a group of able Republicans who would all do a better job of being President than Barack Obama. This is the true narrative of the Republican Primary race of 2012.
“It’s what I’m trained to do,” LleMoyne said as he tried to write out a prescription in his illegible handwriting–even worse than human doctors!
Elisabeth Röhm ... Priscilla Hall
Everybody falls sometimes
I wonder if my friends would act differently if I told them we personally live almost paycheck to paycheck. If either my spouse or I lost our jobs that we would no longer be able to afford health care, or our house, or our daughter’s college education. Would that put a different face on it for them? I’m not sure that it would. I’m feeling pretty disheartened this morning.
Sort of concept sketch from a story from a game project from my Creative Vis class (it's not from then, it's just ... those characters). GHOSTS EVERYWHERE. I would eventually like to visually work this story out because I just feel like this is the story I have the most fun with!
how they share the something
NIGHT RIDES
Nice cutting of the dire wolf attacking Lannisters men back to Robb. A little hint of what is to come there. Also the scene of Littlefinger and Cat, and how this switched once Ned’s bones arrived. HBO is doing a great job with this show.
Cypress Christian Church
As you read, you alternately feel glad that all the various disasters that befall him - including plagues of locusts,bees, giant mosquitos, and workmen falling through glass roofs - didn’t happen to you, while half wishing you had the guts to undertake something so quixotic and wonderful. In the tradition of both Peter Mayne and the writers of The Arabian Nights, Shah delights in the mischievous, puzzling and sometimes maddening characters he encounters. Believe me , after living in Morocco for three years and doing only rather small renovations/restorations, on the whole it's less hair-raising to read about than actually do. Shah is a wonderful story -teller.
code sets the security to allow full access to everyone.
He was also an expert in the field of admiring an obscure body part. Never one to be predictable was our 'Lando.
Two 22" by 3 1/2" lengths of fabric for the pocket to hold the crayons
1 yeast cake
To a wedding day
#28 Silent Fear by Katherine Howell (Read 4/03/2012) This crime thriller strikes a satisfying balance between fast-paced suspense and authenticity (I’m pretty sure that a lot more breakthroughs in criminal investigations come from police canvassing and follow up, than from glamorous TV-style detectives having a flash of psychic insight). Ella Marconi is the series’ very liekable central character, and the 15 years that Katherine spent working as a paramedic really shine through, making the drama believable.
2 heaping cups of arugula
My very first recipe with TWD was back in July of 2008...Here is the link. I had to laugh at this post. I have come a long way since then .http://homebakedsweetness.blogspot.com/2008/07/apple-cheddar-scones.html
Now we see the ascent of Twitter into a mainstream consciousness that rivals the Octomom, Rush Limbaugh and even trivial stuff like massive bank failure. Twitter’s limit of 140 characters forces even more concision on the part of the user, requiring one to get the point faster than ever. If we want to communicate with our fellow man via this method, we need to choose every letter and punctuation mark with the kind of care that used to be reserved for bathroom graffiti written with a fading Sharpie.
3. Add 2 Tablespoons of lychee syrup from can, or add natural sweetener of your choice.
I don't yet have everything I'd like from the new mini so I took my colour inspiration from one of the designer papers in there called Sweet Shop which I'll show you when I do have them! The colours are Lucky Limeade, Pool Party, Calypso Coral, Wisteria Wonder, Whisper White and Soft Suede. How lucky that we have another pack of papers in the Idea book and Catalogue using some of these colours: Domestic Goddess:
Annually there is a summer fayre in the month of July, today that was the very day, Daughters school and a summer fayre, tombola options (see how much I win this year).
Such a twisty, turny, curvy one lane primarily road through the Allegheny mountains with some spectacular views, wildflowers through the trees and even a few dogwoods still in bloom this way. BUT, I know there's always a but.....well, it was a road to travel one time. For our RV and towing a car, it was tedious as Jerry adhered to the truck caution signs and drove in low gear at no more than 30 mph on over half the way and being a courteous driver he pulled over frequently to allow vehicles and motor cyclists to pass on the one lane. There were plenty of motorcyclists on the hills and curves enjoying themselves. The road made us deeply appreciate those hearty stalwart early colonial settlers of Penn's Woods back in the early days of 1700"s and later. That anyone ventured and successfully arrived at Ft. Pitt (today's Pittsburgh) on the western side of the state through the mountains, the weather and the Indians at that time,explains a lot about the attitude of western Pennsylvanians. The eastern elite (Philadelphians) considered the westerners riff raff, not as polished, not as distinguished as the ones who remained on the eastern side. There is some truth because many of the early settlers were thieves, criminal element, etc. It was their ticket to freedom to settle the country and they took it. That roughness helped them persevere over trials on trails. All these years down through history some of that attitude prevails between the eastern and western state residents. We westerners are more the rowdies, they say.
No! He's much more calm than I am about the whole dating/boys talking to our daughter thing. What's up with that???
What oil company doesn’t want to be in Brazil these days? The ultra deep sea oil discoveries of 2007 by Brazilian government owned energy major Petrobras (PBR) has every driller and big oil firm either in Brazil now, or putting together a plan on how to get involved. Oslo-based Seadrill (SDRL) is next in line.
25 gr (1 oz)desiccated coconut
This is what is meant by “separation of church and state.” By the same token, I think it is entirely inappropriate for a religion to attempt to push the state to promulgate secular laws that force every citizen to follow the dictates of one particular religion. That’s not just about marriage and abortion and other sexual matters, it’s also about, for example, our drug laws, which only make sense in the context of religious prohibition. There’s no logical reason for them. But, again, I digress. I want to stay on the same-sex marriage track.
It's just facts.
I hope you enjoyed
once liquid gold,
We floated downstream together a couple of times. I preferred these ones to either of the ones at Mataranka (even though they were nice too). The water even smelt refreshing and citrusy for some reason!?!?! And it was just a couple of degrees cooler so more refreshing. We all played around in the bottom pool near the waterfall for a while. Took some photos of the german geocoin we found (cos the owner wants photos of his geocoin travelling the world) and then the fight to get the kids out of the water began :) A quick stop to get fruit and vege on the way home. Actually, that was kinda funny cos Tim was out near there this morning at the hardware store and one of the staff came in with a coffee for the bloke serving Tim. And he said something like "Oh, thank god, coffee!" The woman handed him one of those big decorative thick paper take-away coffee mugs. Tim asked if he was a coffee fiend and the bloke said yeah, he liked his coffee and that this was the best coffee in town. Tim knows that i have been seriously missing a good coffee so asked where it was from and the bloke said the fruit and vege shop across the road had great coffee. So when we called in this afternoon i kept it in mind to check out.... But, no. Once again it is one of those milk bar machines where you stick your cup in and push a button and the milk and coffee just flow out the spout [shudder].
- 1 bunch / 7-8 oz / 200 g kale (100 cal)
3Tb Cocoa powder
If this country is going to face the challenges posed by the future it is vital the young make their priorities a central issue in every election. The only way that will happen is if they engage in the political process at every level: from the ballot box to the doorbell. They must fight against policies that favor preserving a status quo that pours billions of dollars into the a defense budget much larger than it needs to be. They must continue to fight for healthcare for all, not just the oldest Americans. Finally, they must not sit back and watch as higher education in this country becomes almost inaccessible while the rich continue to benefit from policies that sacrifice long-term investment for short-term gain. After all, to a paraphrase the man who inspired the beginning of this generations march towards excellence, we must be the change that we seek.
I combined 1/2 C lentils with 1/2 C of Trader Joe’s Harvest Blend CousCous. I love that blend. It has israeli couscous, baby garbanzo beans, red quinoa, and rice pilaf. That was the base for my salad. I realize that couscous is starchy. Just let me call it a salad okay?
Statistically, it’s ridiculously safe to let your kids play outside. They are more likely to be
Makes about 30.
I was wondering whether readers of this weblog have any experience of Connect2Law and, if so, what they feel about it.
“Ahhhh!” Moment(s): The Dreams of Dylan McKay when he was all hot and strung out and mean to everybody. When he’d wrap the rope around his leather gloved hands and holler “ok boys ok!” in the chute in 8 Seconds
It is very possible that I could spend years doing what I presumed was God’s will—preaching, teaching, witnessing, and being involved in church work—when God was hardly present in my efforts at all.
The media NEVER address anything other than acting as though everyone is purposefully eating themselves into oblivion. Well, I don't think they are, at least no more than did in generations before this one.
One of the things that helped Chuck through, was his hope of the life that existed away from his island. So I want us to dwell for a little bit on the resurrection life that waits for us, away from this little island that we mistakenly call life.
Source: Southern Living, April 1996
* Drug use
A couple of points make Blasians stand out from any other mixed African-American person:
Myers
Go 'head and pour me some wine
Add dry ingredients to wet ingredients and stir to thoroughly combine. Cover tightly and refrigerate cookie dough for at least 8 hours or overnight.
I find that each time I read haiku or attend a haiku event with readings, I’m in the frame of mind to go home and write some. Just by being exposed to others’ haiku, one receives a spark that triggers thoughts for poems. In Japan, where haiku originated, people believe that the firefly’s spark enlightens us. It’s that sort of spark that comes to us when haiku is read or spoken.
There has been a breakaway movement-- a high-church schism that has split primarily over the gay issue but also over doctrinal and liturgical issues that seem meaningless to people outside the church, but of vital importance to people within it.
So called democracy has been the downfall of this once great country and the traitors who arranged the alliance with the European Union knew that the majority of people simply did not understand the ramifications of such an event and therefore the people did not voice a strong democratic argument against the proposal. That was then and today it is too late. In fact several years too late as the sixth and final EU treaty formally replaced Britain with the European Union on 1st January 2009. The Treaty "takes primacy" over the British Constitution which it thereby abolished, and with it the nations of Britain and England; it gives the EU the power to close our Westminster Parliament. The Lisbon Treaty was our Anschluss - It took 4 years for the founder of the EEC, Adolf Hitler, to turn Austria into a full police state after he annexed it. Similarly it will take the EU 3-4 years to consolidate its power, and it will then be impossible to get out.
Steve weighs 185.0 lbs (down 3.1 lbs! Earlier in the week he was a bit lighter, too.)
1 comparatively
Serve it with a salad and and you're all set to go.
The tree was perfect for what I had in mind.
The boys committed their crime at age 14. And just what was it?
Subtotal: RM 29.90
3. Roll' Em (Williams)
I was more troubled by the fact that the way the laws are written, these two otherwise respectable pillars of their local community were shamed and disgraced by virtue of the fact that they were doing something that, although legally wrong, I am not so confident that it was morally wrong. (I’m talking about the possession and sale of the drugs and not the attempted murder of Mark Trail, here…)
Dink snarled at the Husky, feeling more like a little brawl now that the hike was over. Frenchy and Tall-guy took turns loudly scolding their animals, both of whom seemed completely indifferent to the scolding. A puff of odd-smelling blue smoke from where Frenchy sat in the shelter signaled the start of the conversation.
“Any time you lose jobs like that, good-paying jobs, a lot of them, it trickles down through the community,” McCormick said.
She had her daughter baptized as a Catholic and then she gave up her life of sin under the guidance of a local nun (Sister Aloysius!--a different one). St. Monica must have had her back. So that's good. Sins are forgiven. The prodigal daughter is embraced.
Hair: E59, 57,53 & 50
Recipe for my card:
It’s the second time we’ve been stung for money on the trek.
So give your toads some houses and enjoy their stay in your garden. Lizzie's already moved the houses around three times this morning and can't go a minute without looking to see if anyone moved in. I'm trying to explain to her that she should leave them alone so the toads don't get afraid and move out. But you try explaining that to a curious two-year-old.
the other night, he was riding his bike on the back patio. being ever so thoughtful,
In my head I wanted to do a 10 gallon batch of what I had planned on being a Saison Brett experiment that could be drank next summer. I was going to pit WLP 670 American Farmhouse Blend (presumably The Lost Abbey strain (brett. b.) against the ECY 03 Farmhouse Brett. I know at one point a few months ago I had that damn vial of WL hanging out in my keezer but for the life of me I could not find it, and it probably was a little old any ways. That throw a little monkey wrench in my plans. Luckily I had another vial of East Coast Yeast sitting in my fridge, ECY 02 which is a flemish blend. I didn't think the Flemish blend would be appropriate for the Hoppy Siason Brett I had been planning so I ended up boiling two separate pots and leaving out the 60 minute hop addition for the Saison turned Flemish Wild Ale (too many IBU's can restrict Lactobacillus). What started out as a Saison Brett experiment turned into a East Coast Yeast experiment and I can't wait to taste that ECY02 eight to twelve months from now! So... I had that yeast/changing up my recipe at the last minute issue.
That vast, moth-eaten musical brocade
With love and actions
Whenever the end of year comes around I always find myself saying the same old thing.
The BP spill is unquestionably a calamity. There will be enormous costs, including costs to fish and wildlife interests. There will be some wetlands damage. But many of the same factors that ameliorated the Tobago spill are at work off the mouth of the Mississippi. Strong southeast winds have been spreading the spill and encouraging its evaporation. Air temperatures in the 80s water temperatures in the 70s and plenty of sun have encouraged the attack of oil-eating microbes.
Clara Victorine Hinds, 52, New York, N.Y.
TIME OUT!! Take a deep breath and see what God is saying to you today. So many of the things we have been praying about, He has in his hands and we are just too busy. If you don’t have time to spend with the Lord, you are too busy. It really is worth it to stop long enough to hear what He says.
I know I haven't been much around lately... I've been mountain hiking last week and then a couple of days ago I turned 28. Ha! That's almost 30.
Sudden tears stood in Greybeard's eyes. Childhood itself lay in the rotting drawers of the world, a memory that could not stand permanently against time. Since that awful - accident, crime, disaster, in the last century, there had been no more babies born. There were no more children, no more boys like this. Nor, by now, were there any more adolescents, or young men, or young women with their proud style; not even the middle-aged were left now. Of the seven ages of man, little but the last remained. (pp. 37-38)
1 adult
Jail Guitar Doors
including sewing.
McLaren have long since followed their own path in aero development. Certainly since 2009 the car has increasingly diverged from other team’s aero concepts and the 2011 MP4-27 is no different. However the current car has a clear lineage in some of the design solutions and the whole front end is an evolution of recent cars.
valentina@thetwocentscorp.com
- Apples 4
The avant-garde emphasis on rupture and opposition finds its culmination in the postmodernist denial of meta-narratives like the art historical canon. Ironically, insofar as the avant-garde has become part of the canon of modern art it is also undercut. The cultural authority of the canon is problematized by revisionist histories that critique the basis of value judgments on which it is formed – the dead white male thesis.
I had a go at it last night sans pea shoots which I couldn't find locally and it worked almost as well but would suggest a couple of tips:
Stay up too late, and I'm too thin
Warmth embraces my soul's ache,
Roughly two seconds later, Kunalan Subramaniam stole the ball from a shocked Carl Jenkinson, dribbled playfully around the superstar and shot nonchalantly, while blindfolded, into the visitors’ net.
This beautiful piece was submitted by Artist Helen Trachy for the art challenge painting.
For the recipes: The lilikoi curd was simple enough. It was a recipe from Martha Stewart and although Martha and I don't always see eye to eye, I've made this recipe before and it's good. The white cake recipe took a little longer to narrow down. In the end, I chose one from Baking Illustrated from the wonderful people at Cook's Illustrated. I didn't have time to test each recipe and just wanted something I could count on. For the buttercream, I used a recipe from Smitten Kitchen. I ended up choosing this recipe because Deb used this for a wedding cake that she made and it worked well for her. She also had the recipe scaled for a wedding cake so I didn't have to do any calculations.
Do I really love God?
Sätty created many colorful artworks and lithographic prints, and hundreds of black and white collages. During the 1970s many were used as illustrations in both the counter culture and establishment periodicals. He produced two collage books, The Cosmic Bicycle and Time Zone, a pictorial allegory. He created illustrations for the comprehensive treatise, The Annotated Dracula and for The Illustrated Edgar Allen Poe, a book of stories he selected. During the late 1970s until his death in 1982, he produced numerous collages inspired by events in San Francisco’s often dramatic, unruly history, from the Gold Rush to the 1890s. Many of these occasionally bizarre images have recently been published in Visions of Frisco, by Regent Press, Berkeley.
I love all sharing and giving.
Birthdays are such an interesting thing. When you are younger you are so excited to get older and each birthday is so awesome because you are one year older. Then you reach a plateau in life where your birthdays are just that and it's not exciting anymore. Then you start to slump down and you don't want to turn another year older and begin to not want people to know how old you truly are. I am in that plateau state. It's not exciting, but not "embarrassing" for me. It's just like the sky is blue- I just turned 31.
The tags are by magnolia - just made bigger on the computer, copied on designer´s paper and cut by hand. I also stamped the Shooting Stars by Magnolia on them.
Scott Weil … Villagers and Knights
The mountains are alive this morning. As I drove to campus, the light was brighter, the sky bluer than it was just last week. There is a light breeze and, while the weather is crisp (43-degrees), the day will heat up to a sultry 72-degrees by dinner time. Jonquils nod and tulips sway as the breeze whisks them into its arms and spins them in a heady dance. The birds challenge the day with a cheerful song, almost as if they are inviting one to join in -- even if one doesn't know the words, they surely know the tune, the song, of spring.
But 44 other incumbent lawmakers, including some newbies to Frankfort, also are running unopposed in both the spring primary and fall general elections, raising questions about whether potentially strong candidates want no part of the chaos that is Frankfort politics.
I book I read years ago came to mind: “Bulletproof” by Chuck Holton. It was a great read that in part presented an important truth: God is in control. ‘Well duh, we know that’ may be the thought crossing your mind but really let it sink in. God is in control your very life is in His hands and you will be in this world until he removes you for His glory. Now thats not to say You or I “can’t die,” but it is the realization that God really is in complete control, there’s no need to worry.
Kylie and I go way back and I once freaked her out by stalking her at a Mathilda's Market!
Bad me.
4. Ignorance crucified Christ. Christ said while on the cross, “Forgive them; for they know not what they do” (Lk. 23: 34). Speaking of the crucifixion, Peter said to the Jews, “I wot (know) that through ignorance ye did it” (Acts 3:17). See also 1 Cor. 2:8.
By the time the youngest sister Jessie died in 1903, the girls had amassed a quarter of a millon dollars, with which they retired to their farm in Iowa. Comebacks were attempted but the Cherries’ moment was over. (The take of their first night back on the boards was $7). As late as 1935 Addie and Effie, the only ones remaining, attempted yet another comeback. Addie was well into her 80s, Effie was pushing 70. Given how bad they were when they were young, the mind reels, and the heart bleeds, at an idea of what that spectacle was like.
I know which one I'd prefer. I love a bit of comfort. lol.
This is Liam's car. It's a convertible complete with spoiler and flames. These cars completely represent the personalities of my twins. This car is SOOOOO Liam. Mind you, he did the spray paint, chose all the cut files, ran the gypsy while I loaded and manned the cricut, applied all the decals himself...he worked very hard.
Since I am so passionate about freedom, and the way Not For Sale is creatively addressing this problem, I am even more excited to share with you a few ways that Canadians can join with NFS this year.
C) In most pictures of her (and there are many), Eva tends to display her posterior prominently.
Iván - Why is it important/inspirational to you?
He is going along the power lines as assessing
If you send out one powerful 'ping' of radar signal, and only measure the strength of the return over time, you don't get a good picture - you learn how much reflection you get, and from how far away (based on the delay). But you don't get the angle. This is why 'real' radars rotate, so they can sweep the sky. (I know there are other reasons).
#2. Blanka Vlasic – She was dancing before Bolt, and with good reason!
I feel better about giving myself a treat now and then
I started thinking, what have I done in 70 days?
So anyway, half the week was trying to function while in pain and the second half was suddenly trying to grasp that the pain is gone and start living a full life again. Interesting times, no doubt.
Gawd, I hope he figures out what's been happening at his rallies. His silence condones the tone of these terrified hate mongers, and it looks like they are all who attend any more.
It may sound cliché, but I would say never give up. Also, you have to be willing to take advice and criticism. If someone tells you what isn’t working in your story, consider what they’re saying. There is a chance that they may be right.
I'm from Los Angeles.
In my experience most of us grapple with multiple ‘issues’ and counselling may not be available. Some people cope better than others, and very little is ever completely resolved. I wanted to reflect life as I find it. I didn’t want to dole out messages or glib solutions.
But having been home for about year, I’ve noted how pathetic everyone seems to think the economy is out here. In a place like New York City, one doesn’t normally expect that to happen. I know I sure didn’t when I made me way back here from a town in Illinois where I was living at one time with an old college friend.
I love this song by Theo Tams, but more than the music or the sound of his voice, is the one line, "I took my anger and laid it down" ... it hits me like a blunt force object every time I hear that. The truth of what that means...to lay down anger, as in laying down arms.
And so, dear friends, I close with a desire for your good health and to see you all soon as we continue our travels together in a quest for a touch of Regency.
I just saw a post come up from a family that is attending the Orphan Alliance Summit at Saddleback this weekend. Please read her post and see how you can support us.
E-F = ½” less than C-D
Another time attack car I was looking forward to seeing/shooting was the Evasive Motorsports EVO. With a full Voltex widebody kit, Volk TE37SL’s and enough race goodies to hold off any race car fiend, it does not come short of looking great in motion. At one point over the weekend, Michael Chang and Evasive Motorsorts were in first place in their class and had the second fastest time overall. Even with the brutal heat, Michael Chang was able to hold off the competition and take first place in the Limited AWD class with a 1:49.546.
Cooked Quinoa
So, chances are, I will not be buying comics. Instead, I may start buying occasional graphic novels that collect individual issues together, and tell a complete story. Then I can pick and choose what I read.
Drop the batter by the Tablespoon 2 inches apart onto ungreased baking sheets. Bake until the edges are golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool on baking sheets for about 3 minutes before transferring to cooling racks.
When someone is in your life for a REASON,
The new formula has met with fabulous success, as Moeder Lambic
He hung out at my place, we were chatting on the bed, nothing sexual yet.
Ever run a project where you had to generate so many reports that the very act of monitoring made you risk your deadline?
you have an apartment
MY ANSWER IS OTU NNE GI
It’s beginning to feel a lot like Christmas.
And breaking the bullet-proof glass with your damn bare hands,
1 1/2 c. sugar
"Peace Gull" was a limited cassette of all instrumental Swimsuit jams released on my label sometime this last summer. There were around 50 copies and it sold out pretty quickly. I've been meaning to post a download link to the mp3s for a while, so here it finally is. This tape is some of my favorite of the Swimsuit material because it just kind of washes by in a really soft, basement blur. I hope you like the sounds if you haven't already heard them.
Happy shopping, and good luck!
The Seed Cathedral, a living form, is a result of a conscious of relationship to nature. There is harmony in vectors; the optical rods, which pull to a center. Then the interior warps to a curvaceous realm, meanwhile the extending branches align with the horizon and beyond. This structure has movement and openness.
that you never even bother to look.
Merit’s observations when comparing herself to the other newbies was right on. She’s already special, already she knows a little too much. Thus a position high up makes sense. I was wondering how Merit was going to deal with the skill set of a Sentinel (awful left-field for an English major) but I thought it was a good play on Ethan’s part. How well she’ll do remains to be seen.
Or am I truly
I'm not sure. He's got some crazy cowlicks that make him look a little like a rooster. He hates that, so he may just grow it long so it'll lie flat again.
Clearly, I am ramen-obsessed. (Duh.)
But I know in time we'll find this was no surprise
We scarce can say they smiled -
Reality check: the Christian Conservatives have worn out their welcome just as labor unions did back in the 70s. You could almost hear millions of people cheer as one when Reagan disbanded the PATCO workers in 1981. That single act arguably solidified his hold on the presidency from that point forward and doomed unions to the also-ran status from which they are just now emerging. In that same way, you can hear millions holding their breath and getting ready to cheer Palin’s hoped-for debacle in the VP debates tonight.
PROGRAMME FOR SPRING TERM 2011
Harry Pendel: Plus lunch, put it that way, sir.
Some of the first things I glued on were from a girl's high school composition notebook, circa 1931, that I bought at a used book store. The girl, Margaret Duncan, was apparently quite fascinated with the newly discovered "Life of Our Lord" by Charles Dickens, which had just been published for the first time as a result of the death of Dickens' last surviving family member. As each section was published in the Lexington Herald Leader, she cut it out and glued it over her own compositions.
I thought it looked more dramatic through trees, but my camera automatically focussed on the leaves rather than the moon. There’s likely to be higher tides than usual, but we’re not expecting werewolves.
From countless examples I have seen in my own life experience, the folks who did not learn the skill to collaborate, however bright they were, have fallen down in life. Those, who learned and lived this, did extremely well in life.
3. Place in a glass bottle or jar, I like bottles with a small opening like glass beverage bottles because the water evaporates less quickly and the clippings stay in place better instead of falling into the jar but I’ve found strained tomato jars (passata jars) also work well.
Necklace: Snitch that says "i open at the close" inside - Etsy
I love you I love you
Paul Giamatti took home an award for his portrayal of Ben Bernanke in HBO’s “Too Big to Fail.”
Maybe love will grant you peace of mind. Dig a little deeper and you’ll know. –Mama Odie (Princess and the Frog)
Insert Cool Name Here Fried Chicken
“No,” I said. “No, I didn’t love her.”
Hello my crafty friends, I have been so busy taking care of my little angels:) My little boy is now two months old he is growing fast and so sweet! So lets have some fun if you have arrived from Susan's Blog you are in the right place if not head on over to Cardz Tv and start there! It is Cardz Tv Challenge #8
But delicious as this all was, I had noticed a distinct lack of booze. The pint of scotch 'n' bourbon I'd had while driving over was wearing off, so I asked for a beer.
After going through the whole story, revising, nipping, tucking and incorporating several suggestions I’d received from some folks who’d done a beta read on it a while back, I decided it was almost…almost…ready. So, I reached out to a few other people–readers from the demographic at which this story would be aimed–and asked for honest feedback. That turned out pretty well, so I began examining venues like Smashwords. The process seems easy enough, if you’re willing to put in the time necessary to do it right. One of the things they recommend is a nice cover for your title. I’ve seen a lot of pretty cool covers for indie efforts, and I’ve seen some horrific ones. I definitely want to be in the former camp, yet know that creating something like that on my own would be challenging at best. By “challenging,” I really mean to say “totally beyond my abilities as an artist.”
You Dont need to use a Whoopsie Daisy image you may use any.
BLITZER: Let’s go to Miami. Let’s take another question from Miami. Juan Carlos, go ahead?
Would it be so bad to do a quick once over and read it all the way through and THEN let it sit for a month before editing and revising?
On her feet in an instant, the blue robe and hood of the trade resumed their places. Grasping up her inventory list, Hilda touched her fingers to the globe. In a chill, a word, and a glide, she stood before the weeping girl in her rags. With a wave of her hand and a tinkling throat clear, she gained the maiden’s attention. “Greetings, child. I’m your Fairy Godmother.” As she spoke the words, her heart beat faster in her chest. This time, it would come off perfect.
Get up before dawn. Put on David Bowie, Modern Love. Get dressed for high school. Walk from Dolores Park to Church Street station in the dark. Wait on the MUNI platform. Watch the MOceanView pull into the station. Check to make sure she's sitting in that seat. The seat she's always in. Get on, not taking your eyes off of her. Notice that she doesn't turn to look at you. Even when you sit down next to her. Notice the smile that she can't help releasing as you do. Go to school. Sneak into the back classrooms. Kiss until the bell rings.
Add the milk, butter, salt, sugar, and flour, and beat until well blended and smooth. (Electric beaters do a nice job of this.) Cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and let it stand overnight at room temperature.
A spokeswoman for the special commissioner of investigation confirmed the office is looking into Radef's dealings.
Yes, Arnie, we are rigidly wedded to such dogma as balanced budgets, living within your means, being friendly to businesses and jobs and prosperity, and not chasing every really stupid far-left idea that comes down the pike -- like gay marriage, global warming, laws enforcing transgender equality, what Sacto considers a proper diet, and what propaganda should be included in school textbooks. Really solving California's problems would include a major decrease in spending, reigning in the public sector unions who are strangling the state, lowering taxes and less red tape -- all of which you failed miserably to do.
I’ve also found that those that are new to eating a vegetarian diet or are simply just trying to eat less meat, tend to gravitate towards highly-processed products like Morningstar Farms, because they look familiar and aren’t as foreign as tofu, tempeh, and seitan. But, I’m not a big advocate of eating anything processed by someone else other than me, so I don’t eat a lot of the processed fake meats. Yes, tofu, tempeh and seitan are processed, but not nearly as much as frozen veggie burgers, so I’ll primarily feature these 3 meat substitutes in my recipes; I think that’s what most newcomers to vegetarian eating need the most. So check back over the course of the month and I’ll hope you join me in celebrating Vegetarian Awareness Month and perhaps even consider adopting the lifestyle or cut back on how much meat you do eat.
"No Grandma! She's our baby. You can't keep her!"
The sparrow shrieks and swallow songs
/relieved
Below is a really long interview by Rachel Maddow of Rand Paul. He's the new Kentucky Republican senate candidate and Tea Party adherent.
Maya Delaney's paw-print birthmark is the mark of what she truly is--a skin-walker. She can run faster, climb higher, and see better than nearly everyone else. Experiencing intense connections with the animals that roam the woods outside her home, Maya knows it's only a matter of time before she's able to Shift and become one of them. And she believes there may be others in her small town with surprising talents.
We chose both.
Advantage, multinationals?
Dazzler visits the San Diego ComiCon!
The list is new each week. The links do not carry over. Please link up each week for new participants to find your blogs. The list is only open to add your blog links on Fridays. It will be visible all week to visit the blogs listed.
So what does this all tell us?
Rock Bottom Brewery
Florence is a bit of an evangelist of science and rationality but she hates her victories against the supernatural because Florence lost her fiancé in the war and each time she finds a logical explanation or con trick to explain away any mysteries she comes across it confirms her belief and fear that death is really the end and that this is all there is.
I'm continuing my blog posts on Opportunities for Improvement with the National Sports Collectors Convention. On Tuesday, I blogged about partnership and the opportunity the National has to honor Ron Santo's legacy by teaming up with the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation.
T: I understand what you’re saying…but it comes back to the listener. Some of them just want that loud ‘doof doof’ music that blows up subwoofers, they don’t really care that much. I think it also has a lot to do with the production value; some of it is made with this disposable intention, chewing gum for the ears, other times not. The compression of music isn’t that new either, back in the 50’s there was tons of compression for AM radio and 45s. Some producers just firmly believe that unless the signal is in the red and pinned the whole time, the music just isn’t loud enough. All in all though, these are all creative decisions. Some just really, really like loud! (laughs). Loud is not loud when you turn it down. In fact loud is only loud if you have quiet to compare it to. But let’s really look at this. My generation brought the public Blue Cheer and many other less memorable eleven on the knob bands.
Freedmen and freedwomen, called liberti, formed a separate class in Roman society at all periods. These people remained few in numbers, but Rome needed to demonstrate at times the great frank spirit of this “civitas”, and so trumpeted the freed slaves as hopeful examples. They might grow rich and influential, but free-born Romans still looked down on them as vulgar nouveaux riches.
Perhaps this is why Najib and wife Rosmah Mansor were alleged to have sent high-profile Umno lawyer Shafee Abdullah off to several countries in Europe including France to sort out matter with the authorities there. Shafee has since denied going on on a “sercret mission”, while Najib has been defensive about the matter.
It's been 3 years today.................
FABRIC (Heather Bailey - 1 Yard)
Aneel Ahmad – latest short film CHECKPOST (test screening) – details to be added shortly.
Example: Opposing fan: “Your quarterback better get his head out of his ass.” You: “Or what? You’ll release the dogs, or the bees, or the dogs with bees in their mouths and when they bark they shoot bees at you?”
Bear with me over the next two weeks while we get the new timeline page up and going with a great deal more flexibility. If you fell between the cracks for whatever reason, accept my apologies, and 'like' the new page.
So now we have a sin that has taken place, the many layers in understanding what happened, and the people involved; so how do people react? Well in the scenarios I am pulling from, there was a variety of reactions:
Laura: You can still put it on your blog or on Facebook, if you want.
against the window
And so Laurence sits in my living room every night, pouting her way through the troubles of the world. A perfectly positioned beauty spot atop her lip, a pair of brown eyes that seem to hypnotise, a voice whose timbre hovers somewhere between come-hither husky and supremely bored. It's incredibly sexy.
Guthrie: even Marco Rubio thinks you could
McLaren however have been almost alone in creating a DRS wing with a large flap, this creates the opposite characteristics of a small flap wing. Less DRS effect is created, but the wing can create a larger amount of downforce when DRS is not activated. Thus their rear wing is steeper and more heavily loaded at the wing tips.
24 Oreo cookie halves
None of this was inevitable, Karl Marx pointed out over 150 years ago the inherent contradictions of capitalism, the constant and unavoidable cycle of boom and bust. It was not just the capitalist markets which caused this either. The deregulation of the banking sector around the world by governments, in the case of Britain by the Thatcher government, and maintained by New Labour over their 13 years in office made it possible for the 'elastic' to be stretched further to create an ever growing credit bubble. As with an elastic band the more it is stretched the harder it will snap and this has all been made worse by the de-industrialisation of Britain, the loss of manufacturing jobs and the replacement by service sector jobs has meant the British economy is extremely dependant on the finance sector which has plunged us further into crisis.
Have lots of fun.
When Miles arrives at Culver Creek, he is immediately drawn to the free-spirited Alaska Young and strikes up a friendship with her along with his roommate, Chip (the Colonel), Takumi and Lara, a Romanian exchange student. Then the “event” happens and their lives are changed forever. And that’s as much as I will say about the plot without giving it away.
Mrs. Z drove the girls to a friend’s house and then met me there. By the time she arrived, we had been moved into a smaller room. We all knew what was coming and I thought we should have a private space. The vet had placed an oxygen mask on him because he was having trouble breathing. I never knew they had oxygen masks for dogs.
Ingersoll-Rand 2135TiMAX 1/2-Inch Air Impact Wrench WORX WG912.51 2-Piece 18 Volt Lithium-Ion Cordless Combo Kit With Blower & String Trimmer Factory-Reconditioned DEWALT DC315KR 28V Cordless NANO Li-Ion 1-1/8″ Reciprocating Saw Kit DEWALT DCF895L2 20-Volt MAX Lithium Ion Brushless 3-Speed 1/4-Inch Impact Driver Genesis GL12DHOK2 12V Lithium-Ion Combo Kit-3/8-Inch Drill, Oscillating Tool, Close Quarter Hammer and 65 Accessories, 3-Piece Hitachi CR18DL 18-Volt Li-Ion Reciprocating Saw Kit Black & Decker NPP2018B 18 Volt Cordless Pole Chain Saw – Bare Tool (No Battery Or Charger) Greenworks 20602 20-Volt Lithium Ion 10-Inch Cordless Electric Chain Saw (No Battery or Charger) Makita (RJ01W) 12V Li Ion Reciprocating Saw Kit Makita JR3070CT Reciprocating Saw
I received some great swaps and I will share them with you over the next couple of days. For me there is always a swap that stands out, this can be for many different reasons maybe a colour way I don't normally choose, A technique that is new to me, A stamp set that I didn't need but after seeing a great sample has now moved to the top of my list or just the creativity & work involved.
A silly example, but it illustrates how we can expedite elements of the future through contraction of time via advancing technology. Life is shaped by experience, and so in this example, Sea Monkeys have shaped my life “6-8 weeks” sooner than they would have decades ago.
What are you doing with your education?
sc around to next side of opening.
- Not able to be real to others.
-WHEN YOU CHEAT, UPGRADE GODDAMN IT
It certainly is a different film, although it strikes all the right plot points as the original, only approaching them differently and adding a subplot about a rival gang of thieves. The darker tones of the original are gone though; this is far more light-hearted.
Give them to your sons,
How often do we walk in total darkness? As little as possible. It is petrifying to try to find one’s way around when the power goes out on a moonless stormy night, trying to find where the candles are stored, or the flashlight that isn’t where it is supposed to be. Toes get stubbed, knees get bruised, heads get bonked. It is a feeling of complete vulnerability to navigate without light.
I'm 40!!
Trying not to read too far into things usually leads to reading too far into things.
How many times have you dug through your jewelry box to only find one earring? Or don’t you hate it when you’re in a hurry to get dressed and find your favorite necklace all tangled up? Or forget that you had great bracelet that would go perfect with your outfit because it is tucked away and out of sight?
In spite of testing climatic conditions, the beer is in the bottle and another waiting game begins. The outside temperature hovered around the mid 30’s for the duration of the fermentation and we await the results with just a little uncertainty.
But I still looked sharp in my wedding day Top Hat, that day when I became a child groom. And what did our parents think of us getting married so young? They loved the idea! Which is why they saved us the expense of hiring a professional photographer for our wedding, since they were only too happy to take these pictures. :-)
"The major effects of chamomile are due to its volatile oils. Therefore, it is imperative that the freshest herb be used before the oils evaporate. The actions of chamomile are strongest on the liver and kidneys where the volatile oils apparently stimulate the organs to purge themselves of toxins. ...The Arabians used it in massage oils. ...Contain aromatic compounds that increase the production of digestive fluids, reduce muscle spasms and pains, reduce inflammation and are antiseptic. In addition, these compounds have a sedative effect. ...Chamomile is one of the best herbal sources of niacin, magnesium, and essential fatty acids. It has been used to treat dyspepsia, flatulence, nausea, vomiting, dysmenorrhea, bronchitis, urinary tract infections, insomnia, headaches, and menstrual cramps." (Excerpts from Nutritional Herbology)
Recently there have been a couple of pension related issues that have
The Secrets To Success
Do reaserh on the artist.
Now when I called the doctor's office to ask about the bloody diarrhea they thought I meant a small streak of blood. Something like you might see if a kid has a bad bad diaper rash. Small streaks of blood. This kind of bloody diarrhea is like straight blood. You can't tell the difference between fecal matter and the blood because it's all blood. I'm talking open the diaper and let out a string of words you wouldn't normally say because there's so much blood. I told the doctor office this. They apparently thought I was over reacting and told me to call back in two or three days if it got worse.
- The contest will end June 24th and the winner will be announced June 25th.
Do we spit out our demons as filth when we pass over, purifying ourselves on the way to an unknown place of rest? In the natural process does that shadow-self quickly dissipate and die? I don’t have the answer because I am not so spiritually minded to have considered it before now. But sitting here, staring at the pair of them – both revived, both breathing – I believe we should leave well alone, and that we are wrong to play God.
different panels. I just cut them out on top of the triangle I cut out of the fabric.
09/19/2011 Swap Revision +0.40
Battles (All 1ON1)
I searched all through the house.
On the other hand, if the Iraqis cannot quell the sectarian violence and bring order and stability to Iraq, we will have to do it ourselves. Doing it ourselves will require many more casualties than we’ve had thus far. If we take the fight against radical Moslems to every village in Iraq, our casualties in Iraq will probably surpass the casualties of the Vietnam era. That’s a very high price to pay for a nation which has an all-volunteer military, and I’m still not sure what the final outcome would be, though it is certain that even one free and open Arab society would be a vast improvement to the existing Middle East.
Something which is described as "aldehydic" smells fatty, watery or a bit like a "snuffed candle". The most tangible example of the smell of aldehyde is the scent of steam emanating from an iron as it glides across a shirt. Chanel N°5 contains an overdose of aldehyde and is a benchmark for this quality in perfumery.
Of course, the land-based DIKU standard MMO fare will appeal to some, and the ship combat will appeal to others. I haven’t read anything on raids, but perhaps that’s still in the pipeline. The DIKU combat doesn’t have an “autoattack + hotkeys”, rather, it’s all hotkeys. You need to trigger your basic attack. This can be good or bad, depending on how you play. I had fun with it, but I’ll admit, I miss the old brainless autopilot combat sometimes (and I want more involved combat sometimes, too). Either way, it’s something a bit different than the gorilla standard, while still being accessible. Time will tell if that’s a good idea. (I lean more to DDO if I want more involved combat, but hey, to each their own.)
they never turn them off
ES Feminine Plural
Hence, equal right here is still in principle -- bourgeois right, although principle and practice are no longer at loggerheads, while the exchange of equivalents in commodity exchange exists only on the average and not in the individual case.”
Original Air Date: Mar 6, 2012
57. Visit the tourist spots in your hometown
DON'T FORGET!! I am hosting a giveaway for FREE Christmas cards and it ends TONIGHT at 6.
Transfer the batter to a pastry bag fitted with a large plain round tip. Pipe the batter onto the parchment paper using the heart tracings as a guide.
We chose to use the original colour for our sample but would be happy to make it in future in the vibrant pink.
She builds you up just to put you down
I then added two little bows in some natural button twine, and topped them off with some aqua cherry blossoms topped with stickles and crinkled seam binding, all from The Ribbon reel shop.
“It was a surprise move. The prime minister was unhappy about the decision to extend parliament,” the minister said.
moyo muturikwa). Chirowodza the son of Chief Mangwende Katerere and others escaped to their country. Then the sons of Garo left their home in Rusike and went to live in Chishawasha.
When race day arrived, Nathan and I got up at 6:30 and headed downtown. I was kind of nervous, but then remembered that without both humidity and “baggage” I should be golden. (My mom and stepdad were at home with the kids and dog, eating Krispy Kreme donuts and making sure we were beach-ready… ha!). I gulped down an energy bar and a few swigs of a Diet Mountain Dew, warmed up Pandora and RunKeeper, then finally took my place in the crowd. When the flag was waved a ton of people took off like jackrabbits… I was more of the “slow and steady does it” mentality. Although I realize there’s no shame in a run/walk combo, I really wanted to be proud of a total run when I crossed the 3.2 mark.
Sunlight playing on the raindrops of a fir tree.
The Government needs to create a Business Friendly enviorment!
Before I get started I'm going to send you over to Lori Holt's Blog for a wonderful tutorial on making covered buttons using the i-top covered buttons and tool. You will just love her most recent creation. She gives you a very detailed look at the i-top products and the tool for making the covered buttons with a brad.
Statements such as these seem to imply that speakers of language X and language Y spend their linguistic lives basking in beauty and ugliness, respectively. If true, this would mean that multilinguals in those languages might have an expressive edge over monolinguals or multilinguals in other languages. Multilinguals in general, however, switch language in order to mind bedchamber, barracks and other business appropriately, not aesthetically.
Until I come home and turn this machine on. And link myself up to hell. My main attraction was to the people I have come to know and love on here, but I see and hear too little for them for the balm of love to heal. Instead I sit and cover myself in excrement. Like today for example Cameron and Sarkozy today declaring they are going to keep bombing Libya.
I am a witness to hope.
Sometimes I wish I'd known what was going to happen. Maybe I would have tried a little harder to get my buddy and his wife to go.
That night, my husband had to go to work and set the security alarm. He never set it on “Instant”, which meant the lazers would be on and anyone moving inside the house would set off the alarm. We used to set it that way when we would go on vacation. I was in a deep sleep and all of a sudden I heard the alarm go off AND Adam screaming at the top of his lungs. I jumped up and ran out into the hall. He wasn’t in his room. His screams came from downstairs. It was about 3:00am, so I thought for sure someone was in the house and was trying to take Adam.
I doubt we'll actually get back to our full school days until the weather gets too unbearably hot to be outside much!
(Of course, junk mail is disposed of immediately, as well.)
Don’t underestimate criminals. Cyber criminals have no limits, and will create fake advertisements, shopping carts, poison various search terms and more in order infect your computer and steal your personal data. If you’re unsure if a site is legitimate, run a search online to see if you can determine whether it’s widely known. If you can’t find details on a retailer, PandaLabs advises holiday shoppers to take their business elsewhere.
I would also love it if you would follow my store so that you can stay updated on all new units :)
Our amuse bouche comes in squat glasses (they're actually tea light holders! Mrs Pig Flyin' admits with a laugh) that holds a base layer of beetroot jelly spiced with cloves and cinnamon. A cube of foie gras is covered in a snow drift of puffed amaranth and baby cress. I love how the beetroot provides sweetness and a touch of acidity against the richness of the foie gras, and the delicate crunch of amaranth contrasts with the foie gras' buttery softness.
We have made love literally thousands of times. This time was different. As I penertrated her I felt that I was one with her, that our pleasure was truly being shared and we were drinking pleasure and passion in equal measure from the same cup.
The hoopla surrounding the Royal Wedding has reached an absolute and unbelievable fever pitch. Every media outlet from here to Timbuktu is eagerly providing play-by-play wedding coverage down to the very last glorious detail of the blessed day. Thousands upon thousands of common folk have been camped out for days along the procession route all in hopes of getting a firsthand glimpse of the wedding festivities. Bookmakers have been taking wagers on everything from how long the royal marriage will last to what color knickers the wedding participants will wear.
I was leaning toward a blue/grey color for the back of the built ins (the someday built ins) and it’s an awesome color. But then I saw this in House Beautiful:
Black Cat Bone- Burning the Flesh Off Modern Art is the blog of James W. Bailey "C.S.A. (Contemporary Southern Artist) Born and Raised in the Great State of Mississippi. Born-again in the City of New Orleans."
Amidst all my anticipatory vacation daydreams of romantic redwood strolls with my sweet guy (and a long overdue funnel cake), I've been a busy bee getting the always important groundwork laid for a few patterns I'll be soon publishing...there are a couple on deck. Patterns for both Buttercup and Damsel will be available to you soon. I've completed yet another of each in my favorite of colors (I've yet to photograph these 2)...these made from Knit Picks Swish Worsted in Fired Brick. Adore this color! Just be sure not to use bamboos with this one or they'll be stained pink. Lesson learned, that was careless on my part. Forgive my temporary blogging abuse...day to day life sometimes put things on hold. Then there's the old "to do list" that somehow manages to grow in length just when you start to think it's dwindling down. Haha! Ahhh, such as life. When it rains it pours...a little puddle jumping is all.
Today has been a very productive day!!
My baby's now been on the Outside longer than he was on the Inside (as of last Friday. Yes, I did the math.) He's becoming his own person, wanting to crawl away and explore on his own. He always comes back, though, and climbs up my leg to make sure I'm still there- and that I can't move even if I wanted to.
Karen François, Free University Brussels, Belgium and Charoula Stathopoulou, University of Thessaly, Greece: In-Between Critical Mathematics Education and Ethnomathematics. The Case of a Romany Students’ group Mathematics Education
Combine water and sugar together in a huge deep pan on a medium heat and stir continuosly till sugar is completely dissolved.Boil the sugar syrup for 10 mins and turn off the heat.Add cardomon pwd and rose water and set the syrup aside.
Speaking of other things, I've also finished 18th century stays just a while ago and I wish to take some photos of them, too. And now that I haven't been making anything to myself for a while, I've also started working on new 1780's stays for myself! I'm using a two pattern mixture from the book Corsets, Historical patterns and techniques by Jill Salen. I just hope I get around to sew more in the near future than lately.
I hate you because you chased my son.
4. At best, THAT friend tolerates you if not outright hates you:
We also have a new sponsor this week!
“This is important because Dr King and his presence on the Mall is a forever presence for the United States of America, and we have to make sure that we get it right,” he said.
aw what the heck... it's our birthday, and presents rock, so let's do them all!!!
What advice do you have for students or young alumni looking to start their own business?
Tonight, I am helping Wonder Boy write a paper on the Anasazi Indians for a class tomorrow. Apparently he had received an assignment to build a diorama and write a paper on a Native American tribe about 3 weeks ago but neglected to inform us until last Thursday, when he said, "Oh no! I think my diorama is due tomorrow!"
Stop!Enough pictures!
What the hell is it with guys that cannot figure out how the bathroom works. I think it is pretty straight forward really. There are two options. One - the urinal. Used for weeing/peeing/pissing/number ones. Two - the stall. Used for pooing/pooping/shitting/number twos.
To move this confederation through the elucidation’s multiplicity
This morning I posted a photo on my facebook page of a recipe I made using a mini loaf tin.
1055 D-VI/22/1989. “Sexually-Oriented Businesses and the First Amendment: On the Amicus Briefs.” Memorandum No. 5 for the City Attorney of Dallas, Texas, from Rome, Italy.
An old woman boarded a bus to lagos from calabar told the driver; “driver, if u reach Benin stop me o!”The driver nodded and then she shouted again” my children, una don hear wetin I tell am?
Honestly, I don't think there exists a better series of Bollywood compilations than this... now in its 6th volume. So good you almost want to see the films. Right?
No, not that kind of stripping. I'm just not that kind of girl.
Pinned her against the wall
He knows just when we need it. The power of God demonstrated in the awesome wonder of His creation is something that leaves me speechless. He does that just for me! He lets me see the beauty and the power of the rushing river, the majesty of the snow-covered mountains, the peaceful lapping of water along the lakeshore and He even declares His beauty in the middle of the valley when we cannot see our own way.
Google bumped up against copyright law in 2005, when lawsuits were filed by the Authors Guild and by a group of five publishers alleging that Google's scanning of books from major research library collections constituted copyright infringement. Google argued that scanning books to index their contents and make snippets available online was fair use, not infringement. But with its potential liability running into the billions or even trillions of dollars, Google was understandably receptive to overtures from the Authors Guild and publishers to settle instead of litigate.
Doesn't mean they liked them much, but we don't get a major problem at this point.
I think I am officially addicted to making dolls. This is the first of many more to come. I made this without anyone special in mind, but I know that this doll would make little girls so happy. I, for sure, would have enjoyed having a doll like this growing up. I think Jane needs a doll quilt and pillow. By the way, Jane sits on top of our fire place in my center corner to keep me company.
Bit of a cheat this one, as The Caper Story don't actually have a record deal. However, based on the demo of theirs I was passed during the last year, it won't be too long before they have one! I Wish I Did is the band at their psychedelic, Mod-tastic best!
Now, to tagging… I tag:
The video follows Cheryl being involved in every aspect of each specific design of the individual shoes in colour, scheme, fabric, style and length.
present to Frost’s speaker.
Things were going well with the pregnancy. I never had any morning sickness or massive swelling issues or any of the other problems that torment the average baby maker. I was determined to be better prepared this go around so a month ahead of time, I had my bags packed, the car seat installed, and a place for my son to go while I was in the hospital. He was going to spend a couple of nights with my inlaws which he was absolutely stoked about. Three weeks before my due date, my inlaws went to Italy for vacation and begged me to wait until they got back before releasing my prisoner. I agreed to do my best and postpone any parole for good behavior.
I don’t even know what normal really is anymore. But I find myself wishing for it. *insert chuckle* Don’t we all?
I lay there, consumed by agony, my frame jerking like a dog’s hind quarters when it’s taking a squirty shite. Boke the Cat wandered over and stood regarding me this way and that before doing an about turn and pointing his round little shrivelled up anus at me. He stayed like this for such a long time, long enough for me to imagine to myself that it (Boke’s anus) might bear some resemblance to the nostril of Ashanti Elliot-Smith that little girl who’s, like, 8 year old in human years but has the body of an 86 year old - all due to some freak occurrence in Time/Space the very moment she came out her ma’s box, something like a bleeding overlap between dimensions the very moment she appeared, causing her cells to go into super-fastforward like you get on all the new-fangled digital cassette machines, probably.
And, finally, I'm tired of being lied to. I'm so very tired of being lied to. Misled. Deceived. I'm tired of people blaming other people for their choices. I'm tired of the lies spinning out of control, growing and multiplying, one more to cover the previous, until it becomes so huge and murky that you start wondering if there is even any truth left in the world. I'm not a liar. I've never been a liar. I have no reason to lie to anyone.
In my last post on this law, I went overboard in believing that this law would criminalize regular behaviors that actually endanger the child. It seems to be restricted to acts of assault or homicide. The woman seems to be exempt from her own acts or omissions - possibly through intent.
The lemon cucumber seedlings. The germination rate has not been good. Is it Botanical Interests seed, is it the Organic Mechanics Seed Starting Mix, or is it Me?
her charms make one swoon
12/09 – Bottling Day. Bottled 25 x 12 oz, 11 x 22 oz, and 3 x 24 oz for a total of 4.8 gallons. Sample had an odd roasty/toasty flavor, not sure if I liked it, we'll see.
moved from and to the table, as my kids use it often to do their homework and art projects on. I
‘Let me speak of someone thrice bereft,
and you will also see many more pictures!
I think that's a good start! This is not going to be easy for me. I have been struggling and this will require some self-discipline which I haven't been good with lately!
Mix dry into wet, then add 3/4 cup chocolate chips
I was like, give me a break! You feel sorry for the child that is being repeatedly beaten, the child who is neglected... not the child who is being praised. This superior and extremist parenting attitude drives me up the wall.
Just a fun page to create. I actually had this entire layout pretty well done before I had even taken the photos. It was all planned in my head. I just worked around my plan until I had a chance to take some pics of the boys. I used 4x3 pieces of vellum in their place until then. It came out pretty much as planned!
The City is at the centre of Britain’s financial system, yet its system of governance is positively feudal. Its lack of democracy allows the secretive and corrupt practices of the city to continue. It needs a local council like all others, one member one vote, and to be fully under the control of Parliament. Ownership of the substantial assets it controls needs to be transferred to government.
-mama
Facing up is a brave act.
These two far larger companies began scaling the existing canning technology to microbrewery production capacities, making it possible, albeit it more expensive than bottling, to meet the demand of a restive market just awakening to the potential of canned craft beer in recyclable aluminum, which can be taken places where glass is prohibited, like beaches, outdoor preserves and sports venues.
With a mixture of defiance and fatalism, we got up, put on our armor, and delved deeper. Aberdeen accepted his new role as torch bearer and walked with one hand on someone’s shoulder.
This new play by Steven Drukman is premiering at South Coast Repertory from April 6-April 29th and will be featured as part of their annual Pacific Playwrights Festival.
One of the question that i'm being asked more frequently, especially by new amateur photographers, is if it exist a better aperture, the answer is simple, it all depends on the result that you want to obtain, for the street photography i use medium apertures that should provide me with a higher image quality, that's because with medium apertures as f11 you employ just the middle part of the lens that is the one with the higher quality and avoid the risk to run into diffraction.
The Son
“…and the hose remained in its tube and he saw that it was good.” -Book of Xavier 11:28
You are one of the strongest people I know, and you will survive this. You never deserved all the pain and all the drama. But you win: you ended up with the most precious prize there is. A prize he never deserved. I have been where you are right now. I love you and wish I could really be there to hug you and tell you how wonderful you are.
I feel like I've been making these stays for 10 years...that's when I bought the tomato red linen that makes up the exterior. They have, of course, evolved in those years (for instance, I had originally planned to hand stitch the whole thing, and Butterick 4254 didn't even exist back then) and despite making the first mock-up two years ago, it took me until March of this year to actually CUT the red linen. Costumer's sewing block? Nah, I've just had so many other things to do, and have a great set of stays already...but the old stays has issues...hence, new stays!
In light of the volume of patients, the medical staff were pushing hard. Not only were fast track patients were being shuttled through quickly, but the regular treatment areas were on overdrive, meaning that I and the rest of the registration staff had to step it up as well. Pair being understaffed with more ambulance-delivered patients than I've ever seen, and it made for an exhausting evening.
Pranic Healing opened a new door for me and practically gave a new life. There are no words to thank Akka for bringing the change in every aspect of me.
I hope to return to blogging again in due course.
75002 Paris
In the right pane, make note of the number you see in the Data column for the row where the Name is set to (Default), in case you need to revert to this number later.
Stargate (Jeffrey A. Okun and Patrick Tatopoulous)
I stopped at Dhoby Ghaut MRT station, turned to Park Mall Shopping Mall, crossed the road and there it was – Fort Canning Park.
But meanwhile, in another house around here, the mom didn't want a pine-needle-shedding tree anymore, and had for a while had an artificial tree. But it was shedding artificial pine needles, and so she asked her son, who's an artist, to come up with a tree that wasn't a tree.
How fun is that?
Right now we are in another period of transition, and blessed is the man that knows where we are going. Whatever direction the theological wind may set there are two things of which we may be certain: One is that God will not leave Himself without a witness. There will always be some who hold the creed of Christ, the inspired outline of Christian doctrine. Saving truth will never be completely hidden from the sight of men. The poor in spirit, the penitent, will always find Christ close at hand ready to save them. The other is that the Holy Spirit is the true conservator of orthodoxy and will invariably say the same thing to meek and trusting souls. Illuminated hearts are sure to agree at the point where the light falls.
Forgiveness is hard, man. Really hard. It goes against every fiber of my being. If I forgive you for what you KNOW you did wrong, then how will I be able to continue to be wronged? My strength comes from having endured whatever it was I've been through, right? Forgiving doesn't take that away. Forgiving is the pinnacle of Letting It Go. It's not a denial that something happened. It's not permission for it to happen again. It's just letting it go so I can move on to the good stuff.
This stall, Fifteen Acre Figs was beautifully presented, with an array of fresh figs, and dried fig products. I restrained myself from buying one of everything, and brought home a gorgeous box of purple juicy fruit. This is the beauty of the market, produce that may not travel well, such as figs, is grown locally, and has to get not much further to your kitchen. I was tempted to make a simple salad, but cleaning out the freezer (what a job!) turned up a tub of Kapati Vanilla Ice cream. This made me think of warm juicy figs over cold ice cream, I don't make lots of puddings, but this was too tempting.
Can’t wait for spring football.
Anyway, I made Keldeo today, to celebrate the fact that Keldeo has been officially announced in CoroCoro magazine (even though the Internets already knew about it when the game first came out from the game data)
"That's no good. My daughter is in the Forest of Dean. I am in Swindon. We are on our way to Kent for a New Year's Eve party in a few hours, and my daughter is an hour a way from me in the wrong direction..... I have the tickets. I can't get to her. She can't now collect these tickets. I came in to ask your advice as to who we could deal with this "problem." "
So lets simply take a look at a few points with regards to how Money Currently function in the sporting industry and how Money extensively influence, shape and ultimately is the guiding hand which produces what is the current accepted and allowed manifestation of Sports in this world.
A bientot!
The results are now in. It has been a disaster.
Youngest - No Grandma, he was very entertaining, but disgusting.
It’s like why don’t you just rip out my heart and stamp on it why don’t you. I was fortunate I didn’t have any official documents or emails I needed screening before I started work but I could have easily been screwed over by them.
39. Nightrain -- Guns N' Roses
Soup. Also imagine the tree of vessels in
Incroyable as my French friends would say.
Then again, it could be that the idea of dark matter is correct but that the particles involved in dark matter behave somewhat differently than thought or are distributed in space somewhat differently than thought.
In the post-Reconstruction era of national “reunion,” Yale historian David Blight says the country came back together around the idea of the common valor of soldiers on both sides of the war, around a common economy and around the imperial adventures of America as it began to grow into a world power. “But primarily — and this is complex — but primarily the country reunified ultimately by the 1890s and the turn of the 20th century around white supremacy,” Blight said, “around the Jim Crow system, which took deep hold in the South but also in the North.”
True assurance comes from inside us; when we know who we are, when we know our value and capability. The question to be asked is: who am I? Each of us need to answer this question.
This is all on one set of shelves. I call it French Corner, because I am a pretentious prat. Honestly I don't even notice this now, I could hardly tell you what's on these shelves because there is so much of it. And the boxes at the bottom are also full of china. Tea sets that I haven't got room to display but had to buy anyway.
She wasn’t allowed to give them out and tell them about her Pop Pop. They are now a choking hazard for 4-5 year olds. — A Reader
CYRIL; Although our Lord knew the malice of the Pharisees, yet He became their guest, that He might benefit by His words and miracles those who were present. Whence it follows, And it came to pass, as he went into the house of one of the chief Pharisees to eat bread on the sabbath day, that they watched him; to see whether He would despise the observance of the law, or do any thing that was forbidden on the sabbath day. When then the man with the dropsy came into the midst of them, He rebukes by a question the insolence of the Pharisees, who wished to detect Him; as it is said, And, behold, there was a certain man before him which had the dropsy. And Jesus answering, &c.
balsamic vinegar (optional)
Redemptions hill
When you were little, you were my pride and joy.
controlled and clear as possible, but that is not the way to write fiction, I discovered--my imagination has to get absorbed in the scenes and stumble into themes and patterns without focusing on them directly. The first time I tried NaNo, in 2008, I took a couple of pages of notes in advance, trying to work out the plot. But after 22 pages of actual writing I felt the characters were
Most of you know that I am an avid reader. My mother-in-law and I pass books back and forth and then they usually end up at Chuck's grandmothers. I figured she gave the books away when she was done. Nope! We were over there last week and she brought out a huge box of books. I had heard about paper back swap and thought this would be a good time to give it a try.
The riff from that muse song that sounds like CALL ME!
Instead of thinking about what it was going to be like on stage, when I was going to go up, how I was going to do, what I was going to say (because I trusted myself I had it down), I stayed in the moment. I made sure not one negative thought popped into my head. I focused on what was going on around me…a lot of Dutch words flying around. Instead of worrying and getting anxious about my speech I let my wonder about what they were saying and observing how the people were reacting to the other speakers. So alright, I may not have been completely in the present but at least I wasn’t building up stories in my head about how nervous and scared I should be speaking in front of people like I’ve done in the past.
We need to remember that SakeOne has only been making sake for 13 years, but that they continue to learn and improve all the time. The Momokawa I drank ten years ago is definitely not the same as the Momokawas I tasted at the brewery. The quality has improved during this time as the expertise of their sake brew master has increased, their equipment has been refined and other lessons have been learned. And each year that passes, the quality will continue to improve.
“The Amateur is the best book I’ve read on how Barack Obama is wrecking our country. I urge everyone who cares about America to read Edward Klein’s eye-opening book.”
This I am working on....
Chinese New Year Crafts
reclining lovers
Titan sheets of oxidized metal bend in convex and concave forms, each sculpture is deliberately an encounter within the gallery space. Here Serra’s work is positioned as an environment in relation to the confines of the gallery. These site-specific structures are designed with the walls as a counterpoint to communicate an enclosure, or an opening. The scale and expansion of the sculptures are in relation to the scale of the building. These reconstitute the gallery less familiar; the relation between the gallery walls to an artwork has been to set a platform, an exhibition of assorted works in a curated design. Serra is motivated to produce in order to broaden experiences. Serra’s designs protrude into the gallery ceiling and impinge on the institution’s authority of hosting an artwork. But it is not a competition, but gravity, and the spirals of the sculptures invite the viewer into a vortex of looking up down or straight ahead, eyesight can’t quite bend.
Sadly, the birds are considered pests by the Orchard Road business establishments (I can imagine shop owners saying the Tippi Hedren line in Chinese!). I hope the city government could simply control the bird population and stop a step away from totally exterminating these warblers. The Orchard Road birds imbue this coldly commercial concrete jungle with the soulful sounds of a real jungle.
Slimware's chic and innovative plate designs will keep you and your family fit and fashionable.
and to learn to relinquish when negative seems to appear
4: I get lost if I turn round twice
I am a strong believer that as individuals we create our lives, with every thought every minute of everyday. Everything happens for a reason. Without these small "tests", life would be like a smoothly paved, straight road to nowhere, safe and comfortable but dull and pointless.
Here, in the Five of Wands, we see two people with five wands between them. Similar to all the Wands cards, the sky is black, the earth is brown, and there are flames in the foreground. I rather like the keyword "strife", with its connotations of conflict whether in the form of a quarrel or a fight. And yet, it takes co-operation to hold a stick between two others the way they are doing with the top most stave. So, there is some agreement and some disagreement - it isn't an out-and-out battle. Then again, friends can hurt us far more deeply than strangers. I notice, too, the way that their clothes echo one another - a yellow top on one side, yellow trousers on the other, and red trim on one t-shirt, red stripes on the other. An interplay of similarity and difference, and which makes them more likely to fight?
So, because I'm totally certifiable at this point, I've come up with a plan to see if I can't subvert some of those woes and it's called The Finny Farm and it's a new tab that I've added to this blog so that I can in a nice way stalk and keep tabs on my green friends as they go off and make their ways in the world and then *maybe* have a chance at some of those seeds for next year's Wild Indoor Grow Op That Looks Like I'm Growing Weed In My Kitchen Extravaganza.
Let’s talk a bit about you Hanna. What made you want to get into acting in the first place?
Remember what so-called Attorney General Robert Holder said at the beginning of this trial?
12. Pretty Vacant
2 Tablespoons sugar (I used Splenda)
By 1904, he was able to build his first Pantages theatre, and from here a fierce battle with the chain of Sullivan and Considine began. Pantages began to build dozens more theatres, competing directly with every Sullivan and Considine house, eventually conquering the entire Pacific Northwest. Around the time of the stock market, Pantages sold out to RKO, and was shortly thereafter convicted of statutory rape. Upon emerging from jail in 1933 he tried to revive his vaudeville empire, but the cards were against him. He died three years later.
I need to make an appointment with a hematologist. I do have a lot of questions yet.
1 1/2 tsp. baking soda
WHY NOT HEAL THE WORLD AND COLONIZE SPACE?
4. What would I like to grow?
Determine today to be consistent. Don’t try to base today on yesterday’s Bible study. Base today on today’s Bible study. Start with Word today, stay on the word all day, and end the day with the word. then tomorrow get up and do it all again! There’s power in constant consistency. So don’t be an “off again, on again” Christian. Continue in the word every day. Scripture Reading: Colossians 1:14-23
Standing: Good
A baby lay without a head.
he steps it up a notch.
Charles Yu just blew everyone else away this year. His debut novel is nothing short of a wonder. The way the story is constructed it shouldn't work, but does on many levels because of the skill and sweat Yu imbued into a heartfelt story that also mixes in mind-bending paradoxes and also a dark self-effacing humor. I've already talked a bit about Shades of Grey so I'll skip that as it is the new voices that are dominating the Best Books this year with Hannu Rajaniemi displaying strong skills at not only hard Sci-Fi, but also at creating an action packed caper. While not a perfect novel it showcases Hannu's vivid imagination.
Ritch, Sue, Rob, Eric, and Kate were vacationing on the North Shore and came over to spend the day with us - what a treat.
I was on a right royal Stones buzz back in September and October of 2009. So much so that I finally caved in on my 20 year old policy to stop buying their albums after Steel Wheels in 1989. A trawl round Amazon 'new and used' enabled me to pick up the last 20 years worth of albums for literally pennies (I paid 10p for this their most recent album, A Bigger Bang!). The biggest shock was that they weren't all completely shit! This track is an absolute stormer, sneak it on the end of Sticky Fingers or Exile on Main St, and many wouldn't bat an eyelid. Best Stones track in a quarter of a century!
Her first victim Dieter Schulz, 43, met her in a bar in the centre of his home city.
If you are in crisis or having thoughts about suicide, please call the National Hopeline immediately. Your call will be connected to a certified 24-hour crisis center closest to your calling location.
Such a quick and easy project (definitely rates high on the messy-hands-kind-of-project scale, but who the heck cares...glitter and glue clean up real quick).
But the way that an unschooling education is decidedly not equivalent to a high school one is that everything our kids learn is grounded in their real lives, driven by their own interests and experiences, fueled by the love, support, and creativity of their parents, and enhanced in immeasurable ways by the resources offered by the unschooling community. That is something the schools come nowhere close to matching.
The state is still growing, but this decline in the rate of growth is a symbolic turning point: The California Dream is over. People don't want to come here even though this is, with little question, the most beautiful state in the union. Americans – even those who like to mock our state – ought to think about what this means for our nation. California has always been a magnet – a land that has attracted people from across the nation and the world. It's a place that was known for its entrepreneurial spirit and open culture. But it has been turned into a regulatory and tax nightmare, a place where those who already have money can live in their coastal palaces and enjoy the splendor of the landscapes, but where it's unnecessarily difficult to move one's way up the economic ladder. The USC study doesn't reveal anything new as much as it confirms established trends.
The main thing The Time Meddler has going for it is that it's the first story where history and future meet. The Meddling Monk is seen running a toaster, toting binoculars, a British cross medical kit, a biro, and a rather impressive gun. For viewers in 1965 who didn't know what was going to happen this must have been thrilling and intriguing.
Obviously I am excited, I was excited from the moment, we (the blackholes*) spotted the restaurant, walked in through the two glass doors, climbed the stairs, through another glass door and sat on those polished inviting wooden furniture. It was like in a dream… but the menu had no fondue.. disappointment, I browsed through the menu again, there was every other dish, no fondue! looked again, and again and finally on a page found it listed in between others…
The strategy is clearly wrong, and there needs to be more urgency. So here’s two things from today to reassure us:
Little bits and pieces of that past life started to come back to me. I didn't meet my husband until we were in college, although I remembered him from high school. Very shy, with a very heavy accent, he got better grades in Honors American History than the rest of his American-born classmates (including me) and never talked to anyone, at least that I could tell. He had learned to speak English by watching television and had learned to read it by devouring comic books, his only boyish vice. All I wanted to do was save him. And then when I met his family, I wanted to save them too. I wanted to make them happy to be in America. Even though they could not go home, they never seemed anything but dispossessed.
At the end of each month, a library winner will be selected in a random drawing from the entries submitted online. Libraries must be located within the United States to be eligible for the funding.
He rolled the draped coverlet up from my ankles to the top of my thighs as liquid continued to stream from me.
Now today (Sunday) I wake up to find out that my town is supposed to get 10-15inches of snow on Tuesday into Wednesday which is going to make my travels plans VERY hazardous. I may just have to move to STL. I am feeling so defeated, all I want to do is cry and crawl in a hole. I don't know if all this is God testing me to see how badly I want this or if these are all signs to stop on this journey. I don't know, but I am beside myself! And I know I can't take much more. Any prayers you ladies could spare would be appreciated.
So here you can download it:
Absolutely, undeniably one of my favourite songs by Ms Minaj and without a shadow of a doubt my favourite video of hers – no competition. The song itself is very ‘old Nicki’ and by old Nicki, I mean the kinda content that made me listen to her in the first place. She wasn’t gimmicky, she wasn’t being outrageous or saying some controversial shit that was gonna get her noticed. It’s hard to relate to all that gimmicky stuff because if you’re not 15, or you’re not living the same lifestyle as she is with champagne and pink lambos; as much as you might like the track – you can’t relate to that. So this song was different because like a lot of her old songs such as Still I Rise and Autobiography, the content was relatable to people from just normal walks of life.
His cover of "Sixteen Tons" -- which featured a clarinet, and didn't really sound like a country-western song -- became a huge crossover hit in 1955. It was #1 on the country charts for 10 weeks and #1 on the pop charts for eight weeks. "Sixteen Tons" was so popular that NBC gave Ford a prime-time variety show, which aired from 1956 until 1961.
So two Fridays ago we had our arthropod
Today her brother or husband (I’ve never been too sure) told me he had heard that, in warm, damp weather in the Highlands, walkers can be attacked by swarms of midgets.
Let the oddness continue to cascade…
We could go on.
GROSS: It was laughable, and if I weren’t in this situation, I would
I swapped those out with two cheap cabinets from Home Depot that painted in BM Rockport Gray. I also happened to find an old lab table with a slate top that was the perfect size and height for an island.
Aware of the failures of the Pakistani authorities to convict Saeed, US agencies seemed to have checked and cross-checked the authenticity of the evidence they had collected on him before the State Department announced, on April 2nd, its reward for his arrest. This was nothing less than an implied declaration of Washington’s lack of confidence in the executive and judicial organs of Pakistan.
A quiet place in a small town
Announcement: 3 October 1992
2) Slice mozzarella into four equalish slices. Then layer as above starting with aubergine. Then drizzle around the pesto.
There have been surreal moments. When I saw my students' schedules with my name as their teacher. When I administered a standardized test. When I ate lunch for the first time with all the teachers in the lunch room. When they call me coach.
We are not sure where his Star Wars obsession started, because he hasn't seen movie one. He will simply say "I seen the commercials!" I think we should write the Star Wars people and let them know their marketing efforts have hooked this five year old...amazing.
This tweet along with several other similar messages generated a great deal of negative publicity. This prompted Hanesbrands to terminate the endorsement deal, invoking their authority to do so under the above-quoted “morals clause.” In turn, Mendenhall sued for breach of contract, alleging that his actions had not triggered Hanesbrands’ authority to terminate.
Todd Endris is not the only one who has been protected by dolphins when encountered by a shark. From different places all over the world, people have reported dolphins forming a protective ring around them, either if a shark is circling the area or during a shark attack. No one can actually explain why dolphins help humans, but dolphins are known to help their family members and friends when they are in trouble, and also protecting and helping other mammals in the ocean. Dolphins are also known to be the only animal, besides humans, who show true altruism, which can explain why they protect and help others.
I lost a hellacious amount of weight, maintained that loss for a while and then… well, let us just say “mistakes were made”.
Equally revolutionary - maybe even moreso - were the contributions of Tim Lucas, whose Video Watchdog column was given space to grow in the pages of GOREZONE, eventually leading to Lucas launching his self-published magazine. Prior to those early Watchdog columns, I had never encountered anyone who looked at genre films with that kind of exhaustive attention to detail and it's no exaggeration to say that Lucas' writing permanently changed the mentality with which fans regarded films and also, in time, changed the way that films themselves are treated by studios. Most of Lucas' GZ columns focused on the ways that films were mistreated in their home video incarnations, suffering inexplicable edits and shoddy transfers. Today, people who were influenced by Lucas when they were younger now run specialty video labels like Blue Underground and Synapse. And, as Lucas notes in the new interview included in this BLOODY BEST compilation, "...we've also had longtime readers who were able to get into major companies like MGM and Sony and make a difference." Every time you see a DVD of a classic genre movie in which that film is in the most complete and pristine condition possible, some measure of thanks for that is owed to Tim Lucas.
My mom simply cannot take care of him at home anymore (even with nearly full time help).
ABV=4.061%
I can make it through the work week fine if I only have one night of waking up at 3:30 or 4am and not going back to sleep, but two consecutive nights of that will send me into a slothful, pissy stupor that wastes what little daytime energy I have on feeling guilty about my impaired functioning. Counseling, meditation, walking, running, eating right and not drinking anything other than red wine all have their place, but sometimes you've just gotta bring out the big guns of Big Pharma.
Don’t let your money stay in one stock, if it’s not making any profit. Even if a stock isn’t losing money, if it isn’t growing your investment then it’s time to look elsewhere. Try to look for something that has a lot of activity.
After trying to have our own children for close to a year, we were (obviously) unsuccessful. I hate to say this, but I can honestly tell you that I was sort of relieved (which I felt horrible about!!!). For some reason the whole pregnancy thing kind of freaks me out. Whenever we would talk about having children and being pregnant I would try to make myself feel happy about it but I always had this feeling in the pit of my stomach - kind of like I was uncomfortable. It's just really hard to explain my exact feelings, but all I know is I prayed about it so often because I took these feelings about being pregnant as feelings that I may not want to have a family and that just sucked. I always thought I wanted to have a family and my husband had waited for so long just for me to get on board with wanting to try (my stipulation - wait until I was finished with my Masters.) Those feelings just made me feel so horrible.
One of the advantages of jizyah is that it reminds the Dhimmis every year that because they do not embrace Islam…they have to pay a price — jizyah — for clinging to their errors.
So…does that mean I look like dog shit normally? Thanks, dude. You really know how to make a girl feel all warm and fuzzy.
The CROSSLEY ID Guide advises that if you want to see an owl,
Yes, I would. But I would also emphasize to them that there is a lot of hard work involved with self-publishing and it doesn’t just stop once you’ve sold a few copies. The sales soon dry up if don’t market and advertise and this becomes a very disheartening aspect of self-publishing.
A.S. Byatt never fails to give the reader a wonderful read.
There is his city and his lofty throne;
and utterly and fiercely unconstrained.
Over the past couple of weeks, there were more quiet spells than usual during work hours that left me with too much time in front of the computer, drawing me dangerously close to being seduced by that general atmosphere of “Shop, shop, shop!”. Bored, I started seeking the thrill of the new, and nearly dropped a lot of money on things I don’t mind owning, but didn’t really want. In the end, my wallet escaped largely unscathed (I did buy a pair of trousers), but I’m a bit shaken by how obsessive the mind can be when it comes to my weakness for beautiful clothing.
Considering all the benefits of Eurycoma longifolia, we can say that it is actually one of the most powerfulherbs and effective presentation. The growing popularity led to the collection is this herb, and in many countries, was declared a protected plant. All in all it's worth trying to get this herb, especially for men over 35 to consent to their testosterone levels.
Seidler A, Raum E, Arabin B, Hellenbrand W, Walter U, Schwartz FW. Maternal occupational exposure to chemical substances and the risk of infants small-for-gestational-age. Am J Ind Med 1999; 36: 213-222.
I did a 10 minute warm up with stretching after 5, and then started doing 1 minute runs with 1 minute brisk walks in between. Did 6 of those, 7-10 I did 2 minute runs with 1 minute recovery walks, and then 11-16 I did 1 and 1. I ended with 10 minutes of brisk walking and then a cool down and stretching.
Because I’ve heard it all, I’ve seen enough
The next two cards were for a Jelly Bean Scraps Challenge to use some Jigsaw Pieces we were sent on a card or cards the first card I stamped the pieces and the second I used them as a sort of mask and spritzed over them.
But these sights an’ these soun’s will as naething be to me,
The first stadium piece, Pfeiffer calls it Commander Robot 1, 2006, is completely closed with a surveillance camera inside, and the recording of the inside of the box is projected on the wall outside of the box. The projection is of the opening of a Queen concert, with Freddie Mercury and the boys erased. The opening replays over and over. We, like with the Johnson piece, are not allowed the event, only a piece of it to let us know what is happened, what our expectations are, what are desires appear to be. However, we cannot see the projector, we cannot see the recording in process. This adds a nice twist to his previous work. A viewer feels physically displaced from the concert.
If you feel the way I feel
Likewise, I can choose to focus on student apathy or I can choose to focus on their passions. I teach a lot of students who are apathetic to math, but they are typically passionate about something. Skateboarding, body art, sports, books, dance, their jobs, their pets, their family. I love to hear what gets them going, what lights their fire. What they’re passionate about. Why?
This all came to an end in 1989, a second artist from the building recalled, with a "dramatic arson story... a typical case of 'Catskills Lightning'." Ron Rocco was there on the day of the fire - "It was like 9:30 in the morning and all of the sudden I see this big black billowing smoke coming up from the the floorboards... nobody died or was injured but there was huge amounts of structural damage. I had a 20 foot by 10 foot hole in my floor in two spaces. All my walls were collapsed." The synagogue on the ground floor was destroyed, and never again reopened.
The authors wrote:
The 9th manDala is dedicated to to the pavamAna sOma dEvata and is again by many RSIs.
The weekend before last we went to Whole Foods for a few things. We try to avoid that place cause you can easily spend your child's inheritance there but we do go every now and then. I picked up a tub of fresh ricotta hoping to make some ravioli with it. I also picked up a basil plant, the hydroponics type that is not meant to be kept alive. A couple of days later I made these ravioli and froze them for a quick meal some other time. Tonight was that time. The filling was so nice and rich. You could definitely taste the basil but it wasn't overpowering. I used tomato sauce as a complement rather than to drown to the ravioli in it and it was great, it did not mask the flavor of the ricotta filling. Again, Matt gobbled it right up. I guess he's really starting to like pasta!
I'd be interested to know how Race Cottam came up with the plan for this school. I'm guessing that the design process involved a late night game of Mikado or something. Anyway, Kalzip will be happy.
Our third set of opponents were 2 younger guys. I had seen one of them in the hotel lobby earlier that morning. He was waiting to be picked up, just like me. When I first saw him in the lobby of the hotel, he was pacing back and forth talking to himself. I had him pegged as a Rich List contestant, too. None of the show contestants were supposed to come in contact with each other outside of the studio. I don’t think that he even saw me and we didn’t talk to each other, so I guess it didn’t matter that I saw him. He wore a goofy headband.
up models. Sabina Kelly a former Vegas show girl who’s body is covered in
Starting Sunday, back stapled canvases are 40% off with a bonus coupon in the email weekly ad for an extra 20% off your order of canvases - so that is a real bargain on the materials for taking either of the two canvas based classes I'm offering at Michaels next month.
The final three are immediately put in limos and sent home for their welcome home parties. Next week is the finale, but it’s a matter of a couple of months for the players and I’m sure we will see clips of their triumphs and struggles at home.
Next, I made salmon and napa cabbage. Salmon is just with salt and pepper and sautéed in a pan. Napa cabbage is cooked with bacon and some vinegar. I love this cabbage dish. I can eat a bowl full of this cabbage.
A plot involving many excursions everywhere is bound to be a fascinating one and adding in the CIA was sort of the cherry on top. While most things went smoothly, I did find that the pacing was off in some parts of the book. I also felt like sometimes Jackson would connect things and I'd wonder how he was able to with the pieces provided. This might have been two different mindsets at work but I wish everything was a little clearer. I'm still not sure I understand exactly what happened in the big fight scene at the end.
Lord knows the Germans have.
"Is dinner ready, Gran?"
6. Algerian Muslims chanting Qu'ran. (Same source as 3).
Up until two years ago I was a dedicated resident of Central Austin, always residing in either West Campus or the North Campus/Heritage neighborhood. I do a lot of walking, and this habit has allowed me discover areas and sights I might not have found otherwise. Once I came across a short street called “Seton Avenue,” that ran from West Twenty-fourth to West Twenty-sixth, parallel to Nueces and Rio Grande. I assumed there had to be some connection to Seton Hospital, but couldn’t figure out why was this street so far from Seton Medical Center on Thirty-eighth.
I didn't feel anything after hearing these stories, so when he showed me the sheet for signing up and asked me if I had my card with me, I was like.
Demented here with yet another savory serving of my "spaghetti pulp". It's really tough choosing which ones to reveal and which ones to hold back. Don't wanna give away the farm. Gotta save some surprises for my upcoming book!
37. The English Patient - Michael Ondaatje
Bennett Lawson Fisher, 58, Stamford, Conn.
he is worth more?
2009
luscious week ahead!
1. Luke Hochevar (2-1), Sure I like to play the Hoch meltdown inning game but he’s the closest thing KC has to a number one.
Firefighter: Calendars? (tee-hee)
"What do you want from me?" Rel snapped. The other man was in no position to be provoking him, but 'kiddo'? Really? Dora would have burst out laughing.
Not the best title, but this has been the latest ailment. I have no idea how you working mums have the time for all these baby ills. You must have the best bosses in the world!!
To just get up one day
Why are the Mayans esteemed more than any other group who walked this Earth? Did they have capacity that we don’t? Maybe the Mayans were able to determine the general direction of humanity from changes within their own culture coupled with outside influences. It’s not a stretch to predict doom and gloom given the self-destructive nature of Homo sapiens.
Builder: Michael Rothstein Construction
