Why I like this book: It's my favorite type of children's picture book; quirky, funny, rhyming and very silly.
I feel very confused. I just don't believe in this baby yet. Right now my primary feeling is an intensified emptiness, missing Elizabeth. I am grateful for this pregnancy and willing to wait for the joy that might come, if things continue to go well. I don't believe much in first trimester hopes right now, since the miscarriage was our most recent experience. But I'll continue to feel kind of glad every time I throw up.
But here's what I did!
Time: 11:30 AM – 1:30 PM
"Fleurings is a unique new line of jewelry made to hold water and flowers. Each piece holds just enough water to keep flowers lasting longer and looking fresher. Each one of these designs are made from a stainless steel frame to prevent tarnishing or leakage and then plated in your choice of high quality silver, gold and black rhodium. Ideal for wearing orchids, daisies, mums and spray roses. Bunch together thin stems until they fit snug or wear a large flower."
I hope you'll stop over and do a little gardening with us at Tuesday Throwdown. We'd love to see what you make! :-)
Oh. And if you did have a hole all the way through the planet, clear and unobstructed, and filled with only a vacuum, (no friction) and you stepping into into it, in your space-suit with air supply and ipod, how long do you think it would take you to free-fall to terminal velocity, and rise, decelerating until you arrive at your antipodal point?
Today I became a father for the first time.
10. What do you like best about yourself? My creative mind. Whether something artsy or something childishly silly, I appreciate being able to tap in to those moments where I can create. If it brings a smile to someone else, even better.
In the case of Linsey, I found someone had published a family tree that connected Linsey to his parents and then went back several generations. I was so excited I could hardly stand myself. I had been trying to identify Linsey’s parents for over 20 years. Here was someone who had not only connected him to his parents but had taken his line back several generations further. They had also documented it. That is where I ran into the first stumbling block. The source that they had mentioned was another family tree. Not really what I was hoping to find as a source but I could work with that. Long story short, I contacted a series of people asking for information about their source. None of them were able to tell me how the connection was made but eventually I got the original person’s contact info and followed up. (Is it just me or does anyone else find it disturbing that no one questioned the source but me?)
I woke up this morning with a head full of bad dreams. My night's sleep had been interrupted with images of Burridge top goal scorer, Sam Schwodler and The Beatles, who were banging their fists into my pillows, whilst singing Helter Skelter. Looking at my phone I noticed I had a missed call from Schwodler at 3:11am. I got out of bed and made my way to the lounge, when I heard a faint whimper from my brother's room; it's an unusual arrangement, but we live together. Against my better judgement I opened the door. Many unpleasant smells greeted me along with an out stretched arm that appeared from under the covers.
When I pulled up in the ten-passenger stretch at a few minutes before 10:00 pm, a knot of people was there already, and my, weren't they dressed!
The Blackhope Enigma is a fantastical historical adventure mystery that romps along at a fine pace and is populated by several characters who we're never quite sure if they're good or bad - all have an agenda and all are searching for something but this adds to the intrigue of both setting and story. At its heart this is a traditional adventure story but along the way it offers a fascinating glimpse into the Renaissance world and Greek mythology that adds another dimension to an already enjoyable and engaging read.
You scared me to death
There are two general types of secrets that Internet millionaires know which include external and internal secrets. We will discuss these secrets in detail in hopes that you will use them to your advantage and become an Internet millionaire yourself.
It would be even more years before I would hold our grown daughter in my arms in a dark hospital room, and hear the words I dreaded...........
And now it cheerfully hangs on my door greeting any visitors that may come by.
So what do they sound like, you ask? I'm not really sure to be honest. This is no fancy metal, not by any means! Ha! I've heard gutter punks off Haight Street in SF produce better tunes than this... OK, well perhaps that is an overstatement. Honestly, they remind me of a black metal version of Cranium in a way, only with a more drunken and less focussed direction, sort of like that one band from that one city... What were they called again??
confidently you navigate these waters will affect your emotional well
A Call for Evidence and Rights
Thank you to many people for that too - firstly, the people who work at the venue and who spent loads of time getting it ready. If you want great charity to support, support The Yard in Edinburgh - a play centre for kids with learning support needs. It's an amazing and unsung place.
Would you like to win a set of these stamps and one of the cards? Include GO PACK GO in your comment! I will choose a winner on Tuesday, January 17!!
Make sure you add these coupons into your SavingStar account (and register your CVS card)..
Secondly, there is (are you surprised?) no entry for dove tree or handkerchief tree, but not to be deterred, I looked up all three terms for your interpretive pleasure. Dove is defined as “a peaceful nature or condition”, handkerchief as implying “preparedness”, and tree “symbolizes life force; living gifts; natural talents.” So how can I account for that? Shall I prepare myself for a peaceful talent? Or should I be at peace with my prepared life force?
So now I’ve needed to limit my positions so as to not get a margin call, but I’ve pretty much decided that if I need to, I’ll just close my gold position at a loss rather than add additional capital, and then I’m done with trading the metals on Forex, which pretty much sucks. But, I can still trade the currencies at the 50:1 leverage and my required margin will be much lower and allow more flexibility.
I am pointing the finger at myself. When I see posts about slowing down, about letting the house be good enough, or about not stressing when things aren't perfect, I snicker. Sometimes I am even guilty of poking a bit of good natured fun at anyone who would spend all day scrubbing floors or the mom that never lets her child go outside without fixed hair. That just isn't me. And that is ok! What is not ok, is for those of us not blessed (or cursed) with this inner perfectionist, to let our homes become places of chaos which often leads to a feeling of self-pity as we "fail" to measure up. Here are a few tips from this "good enough" homeschooling mom:
* Securely backup your contacts to mylookout.com
But that's okay, there are a number of tremendous books about animal anatomy that contain the same type of information*.
Starting your own internet business is one of the best ways to make a lot of money without having to slave away for your entire life. It is significantly better then a real world store as it has virtually no overhead cost as it is all virtual. It also allows you to be flexible in your hours, to work when you want to work.
The moment that I step outside
you want to fly,
Iran says its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes. But Israel disagrees and, although officially supporting diplomatic efforts to dampen Iran's nuclear ambitions has not ruled out the possibility of a military stirke against Iran's nuclear facilities.
To a ghost, telling a lie is like dancing a tango. The one-on-one action is stimulating as hell but an audience makes it even better.
I was excited to get home from work today to write a post for the Insecure Writers Support Group and it happened. I got distracted.
My background is 100% linked with hip hop culture, I began to listen to rap music in 86, began to rap in 90, to produce in 92, I was really involved in this whole culture.
T asked me why I felt the way I do. I told him that the reason might be as simple as the following. I feel more comfortable with a woman in many situations – I would choose a female gynecologist over a male, and when I need to discuss relationship issues, I’d most likely discuss these with a female friend rather than a male friend – unless I needed some male input. But if I just needed to vent, I’d go with a woman.
1 eh
IceOut is one of those event quite a few of our guides have wanted to head to Bozeman to attend _ but most of us were on the water, with caddis on the wing and we were all wearing summer weight gear, unlike our compatriots in these videos.
I am not typically a huge fan of breakfast casseroles and all of the unidentifiable ingredients that they are made of, but my mother-in-law makes a delicious breakfast casserole for New Year’s Day brunch every year that I just love. So here it is:
SABINE: The first 3 years it was really exhausting, my son didn’t like to sleep very much or very long and that was definitely something to get used to (it’s still crazy, he wakes up at 5:30h in the morning!). But my son is a gift, he is beautiful and healthy and funny and I could never ever be without him anymore. My boyfriend helps me a lot but we don’t have a nanny and mostly rely on relations if we want some time for ourselves. It’s not easy but, hey, life wouldn’t be that exciting if it was.
What teacher do you remember most and why?
Flow, just flow
but the ghost haunts still, a happy spectre
Place the chicken into preheated oven. Bake for 18 minutes. At this point you can brown them up under a broiler for 3-5 minutes.
That they apply to everyone
Because of its horn, Goldeen can learn many horn-based attacks. It can also learn Waterfall by level-up, even though it’s an HM move in most gens.
Language : English
~Dave Matthews
Today, I have used an image from the MINI HANNAH COLLECTION by Sandra Hammer which can be found at MICHELLE'S SCRAPBOOKING and MORE. I have colored this beauty with Copics and cut out with scissors. I have mounted her on a Lifestyle Crafts die cut, added flowers from Wild Orchid Crafts and ribbon from Michael’s. Sentiment is from Papertrey Ink and cut with Nestie. Papers are First Edition DP and Bazzill CS. Scalloped piece cut with SU Sizzix die. Hope you like it and will come play along!!
49. Nah everything scholar know he learn from teacher. In life you learn from everybody and everything in the environment in which you find yourself.
Much more image related.To kick it off,I will be stealing interesting images I find on the web.Hopefully ,over time, I will throw in a few of my own creations.......that's the plan anyway.
Do you support the Reproductive Health bill and join the calls so that the 15th Congress enact it?
1. Grab your current read
We became fast friends online. Donna told me of some scrapbooking conventions she and her girlfriends had been to. How much fun they were. The inspiration found at them, and just the whole girl's getting away having a great time bonding.
08/04/2011 SELL 0.01 usdcad 0.96454
Tonight is officially a “floating stuff out there” night...
I don't take this as a nice gesture. I take this as kind of undermining me. I was aggravated. I glare at Him thinking He doesn't see me. I find out later He did. After it's all done He makes us all a plate. I am aggravated which makes my appetite disappear. I was looking forward to the chili, so what He made didn't even seem appealing. Plus He made broccoli and I am like a kid I don't like it, so I don't want to eat it. I pick at my stuff never even really getting the plate.
Why is Your Water Usage So Low?
Unfortunately, none of us had brought our car into the auditorium,
It’s hectic!
I am so glad because it was getting to a very stressful point for us. We was so sleepy all the time but needy and wouldn’y actually sleep then yesterday he went for a walk up to Waitrose with him walking hand-in-hand with Mum up the steep passage way to the shop. It was such a difference.
I'm generally lukewarm when it comes to fairies. Even as a child I sat silently by as Disney's Peter Pan implored children everywhere to say, "I do believe in fairies" in order to save Tinkerbell. But, Herb Fairies promises to teach about the edible and medicinal herbs linked to each fairy, and I think that's a pretty clever idea.
as she has styled herself). When her debut, ‘The Family Jewels’ arrived in 2010 I decided to give it a listen despite the hype from the music press and found that there was substance to the hyperbole. In fact it turned out to be one of my favourite albums of the year, melding astute lyrics to crafted melodies sung in that peculiar half Welsh, half Greek accent. It sounded different. It was different.
However, this fails to take into consideration the overall image of American welfare these days. While in the past years of worse economic times there was always the re-strengthening on our country through some sort of industrial, powerhouse notion that empowered young people to grit their teeth and dig their heels in. Now, with the country all but giving away its value for skilled trade and labor jobs, newly becoming graduates are finding themselves devalued to their own sense of brightness.
What could have been a tropical vacation paradise has been ruined, and is so wracked with crime no travel agency will recommend it as a destination. “You’re not looking at a tropical country,” says Ed Scott, a contractor for U.S. aid to Haiti; “you’re looking at a Nevada desert.” Tourists venture in at their own risk. In January 2000 a French couple was stoned to death along with their Haitian driver during a robbery. A few days later an American couple was carjacked at gunpoint and the woman shot dead.
That collection now belongs to my daughter, who began her own love affair with Nancy at about the same age I did. By that time, new titles had been written, so the collection grew. Now, having outgrown Nancy herself, my daughter has packed all the books away...with the hope to one day give them to a daughter of her own. In the meantime, I have gone through the box, and for today's "Feeling Nostalgic" entry, I thought I would share some of my favorite titles. These are photos of my actual books, and as you can see, they are well-worn and in some cases falling apart. (My daughter works at our local library and has done some book-mending there---perhaps I should have her repair some of our books.)
It’s official: I have a discharge date.
The one woman said she banked there, but no, she can’t remember having an envelope. Next! I walked to the hair salon and asked the same question. The two ladies agreed it must be an earlier client but no way of really calling them. We then decided that I would just take it to the bank as there was a receipt inside and the bank could just deposit into the owner’s account. Ok, all settled, I put it back in my purse and went to my appointment.
Slovenia is still 58% covered by forest. This selection presents ample evidence of Kosovel’s observations of urban squalor, proper material for a ‘modern’ poet, even if Ljubljana wasn’t the most bustling metropolis of the ’2os (though Trieste, which he often visited, would be another matter). But it is the poems recounting the landscape of the Karst valley that are interesting to see in the context of modernist work. Meanwhile, though Kosovel embraced constructivism in his last years, a lot of the work in the selection is real heart-on-sleeve stuff that, at least in English, might also tie him back to the Romantic tradition. The piece below is by no means my favourite in the volume, but it is representatively manic, and is an unexpected treatment of something you can’t fail to notice in Slovenia.
Freaking awesome. And two days after my birthday, so, The Man couldn't very well plead poverty, now, could he?
Here is my award:
Ember sank beside me and offered one of the last Oneiroion blooms, but I couldn’t eat. I held it in the palm of my hand and looked into the bulb as if the answer lay within its petals. I just kept saying over and over again that I wanted to go home, but they wouldn’t let me give up.
With the fresh beginning of this semester and this lovely month, I propose a new project for myself. Every day for this month of February, I will immerse myself into nature and attempt to capture just a bit of the beauty before me. In this way, I hope to bring myself some serenity and gratefulness, as well as develop the photography skills that I am currently lacking. I know that I have the ability to achieve all these accomplishments, but I must first make this conscious decision in my life to do so. This new project will challenge both my commitment and my technological skills. Still, I look forward to this month –this fresh start– with a newfound optimism. A determined sparkle in my eye and a new camera in hand, I set forth to rediscover Earth’s beauty.
And lastly a great bit of info you will also find in more detail in the Curly Girl Handbook:
First off, I thought the card looked very nice. It had a jersey piece, a cut autograph and was numbered to 999. I really liked the card until I looked at the name on the card, Dave Crouthers. Crouthers was an Orioles prospect and never made it past Double-A. His career record in the minors was 30-25 with an ERA of 4.07. I like to collect minor leaguers but I would never pay twelve dollars for an autograph of a guy who never made in past Double-A and is already out of baseball. I know there are a bunch of Orioles collectors on here, to all Orioles collectors I'm sure you would like this card more than me, If you would like it just post a comment and we could make a deal. Needless to say, I probably will never buy this product again.
Adorama has a special currently on the Tokina AT-X 16-28mm f/2.8 Pro FX zoom. The regular price is $849 but the sale price is $699 after the retailer's discount and $50 mail-in rebate (from Tokina).
I definitely went through denial, where for weeks after we cancelled the wedding, my ex fiancé and I pretty much acted as though we were still a couple and that nothing had happened, well except for the fact there were moving boxes everywhere and we were sleeping in different rooms. I went through the depression several times this year as well. And I’ve always been bargaining with myself, telling myself that if I find someone better, then this will all be worth it. If something good comes out of this breakup, like the blog or a writing career, then I will be happy. I guess I’d always thought I had glossed over the anger stage. Maybe I didn’t get angry, I thought, because I was the bigger person. (Now you know what I mean when I said I was smug?)
Well I am off as I have a lot to get done before the kids get up for school. I also have a big meeting at school today for Jazmine and her progress she has made. I the meeting will be her regular teacher, extra reading teacher, Guidance Counselor, School Psychologist, Special Education teacher and the Principal along with her Dad and I. I am hoping this will be a good meeting and that she has made a huge progress in her learning. But I still fight with her ADHD daily as she is not on any meds. to help control it.
"The time has come," the Walrus said,
The temples were built by Khmers with the strong influence of Hinduism can be seen from their beautiful art of carvings portrayed on the walls of temples. The subject of these carvings are Hindu gods and stories from the great Hindu epics, particularly the Mahabrata and the Ramayana. Some carvings and statues remain as sharply carved.
Epping Forest BNP is here and strong and there will be future candidates, there will be future campaigns.
Smith could have made an even stronger case had he pointed out the contrast with the current plans to develop the MTA’s Hudson Yards—with the city willing to solicit bids from developers—or the accelerated schedule for the Draft Environmental Impact Statement, a process has raised qualms even among some project supporters, like Eliot Spitzer.
You can hear a lot of funny things working behind a bar. If you aren't part of the original conversation, the things you do hear may seem random and not make any sense. I recently overheard a few things that were said where I was part of the conversation and they still sounded funny to me:
There are very few fights in Dragon Soul where I do not find myself time to cast a few Lightning Bolts in low damage phases. So whenever I have a free GCD or two, Lightning Bolts are what I use in these spaces.
Ants love them.
Hi TH:
“Yeah, most of it,” Jane answered, “but I was working on some new stuff today. I guess I had some inspiration to do some writing.”
But think on this. Central government is spending over £12 billion on the Olympics, including new venues such as the Olympic Stadium (£500 million plus), in an area where there is already a plethora of sporting arenas.
* "Boundless flattery of leading textbooks", here. Here, at his thoughtful best, guest Kat David accounts for an interesting business model for US textbooks which is apparently based on copyright infringement.
Based on the true story of the town of Le Chambon-the only French town honored by Israel for rescuing Jews from the Holocaust-How Huge the Night is a compelling, coming-of-age drama that will keep teens turning the pages as it teaches them about a fascinating period of history and inspires them to think more deeply about their everyday choices.
So whilst his apparent rejection of homosexual behaviour seems unambiguous, the context of the comments is much more complex.
After years of suffocating under her boss’s scrutiny, whale biologist Zoe Morgan finally lands a job as director of a tagging project in Hervey Bay, Australia. Success Down Under all but guarantees her the promotion of a lifetime, and Zoe won’t let anything—or anyone—stand in her way. Not the whale voices she suddenly hears in her head, not the ex who won’t take no for an answer, and especially not the gorgeous figment of her imagination who keeps saving her from the fiery hell of her dreams.
So I feel pretty spoiled this year!! I also got a book on sculpting!! I can't wait to try out a few things on my next member of the Addams Family! oh - I also got some special things for my Clue project! But I put that on my Clue blog if you want to see!
Today, I'm choosing to be purposeful in building something eternal; I am asking our gracious Lord to awaken my heart to who He is and to instill within me a spirit of "wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of who He is." (Ephesians 1:17-19) While I'm tending to my little one, while I'm folding laundry, while I'm unpacking the mess left behind by our move on Saturday, even while I'm shopping for Haven's crib-set fabric. Yes. I'm choosing to be that specific, because I have to be purposeful and I choose to be.
In our culture, it's easy to compare yourself to others, as we discussed last month with our April theme, CONTENTMENT. There will always be someone, no, let's face the truth, millions of 'someones' who have more, do more and accomplish more. And of course, millions upon millions who are on the other side of you, struggling, in pain and dealing with very difficult life circumstances.
Hope you all had a wonderful Easter weekend? Ours was fabulous! I'm so excited to tell you that Sarah did amazing in her pageant this weekend and placed 1st Runner Up....I'll have some pictures waiting for you at the end of this post...stick around!!!
Once again, Liesl lapsed into the spell of the music, having chosen something she hoped would reinforce President Nolan’s mood for the evening: the disarming Clair de Lune by Debussy.
Happy digi-stamping!
Oh...and I realize I never did get around to posting more pictures from my San Francisco trip after my third full day there...so those of you who don't follow me on Twitter and/or Facebook haven't seen photos of my bike trek across the Golden Gate Bridge to Sausalito, or of my visit to the famous Castro Theatre (well, other than the photo I included of its exterior in this artistic consumption log), or even of my day at the races in Berkeley! Perhaps I'll get around to posting some of those eventually here at this blog...once I find the time for it.
For anyone who hasn't heard of Nanoblur before: It has been described as a product which will make you look up to 10 years younger. It is an optical cream which erases the signs of ageing such as lines, crows feet and large pores within seconds.
“I’m not going back there. Not at night, that’s for sure.”
and before you ask, no, we don’t have a name and we have no idea how we’re going to agree about it. and yes, that is another thing that we’ve argued about more than a few times. life would be perfect if i liked the name darcy. i’ve loved mr. darcy for years; it would just be so fitting to name my child after him. however, neither darcy nor fitzwilliam really do it for either of us. another name i would love to love? gilbert. as in gilbert blythe. but again, just not a name i really like. i’ve thought about austen, as in jane, but it’s a bit too “american” for us (as my husband says). i really like bennet, as in, elizabeth, but of course, james hates it.
When my team (NYM) fades out of existence, I usually go running for the Past to feed my fix. Yesterday I was in the neighborhood of Ebbets Field (I usually always speak of her in the present *sigh*). I also went to Holy Cross Cemetery later that afternoon. Gil Hodges and Edward McKeever rest there.
i left the fold intact at the base of each foot so it was much easier to pin the sides together and stitch them up. i added a jingle bell to the tippy toe.
Cross purchase agreement
My biggest concern is maintaining good order and discipline in the classroom while questions, processes, small group discussion, presentations and reflections are happening in the class. Good order and discipline are important in the classroom. According to Canestrani and Marlow (2010), success is fostered by activities/assignments that draw on-connect with-what students already know, and/or what they do well.” Students in special education have certain limitations that prevent them from fully engaging in this type of ideal classroom set up. So, my question is: how can I be an effective facilitator of learning to these students? What methods, strategies, and activities can I use? My curiosity is being enhanced by this course and I’m looking into new ways of doing business in my classroom to get away from “doing business as usual.” I hope to become an erudite myself and transfer that quest for meaning to my students.
-orange
If “P.C.” means I’m not okay with hate speech, if it means that I stand against behavior that is cruel and obviously inappropriate, then I’m fine being identified with it. But, if we want to speak honestly about the political element of reinforcing unequal dynamics, I’d much prefer the term "politically opposed”. I am politically opposed to actions and words that are oppressive, because I see it as a part of the continuum of struggle that has been the reality for many generations of people coming from traditions of feminism, anti-racism, and social justice activism.
It doesn’t have to be that way!
:: mitten pattern is from the Oliver+S little things to sew book
There was a site redesign, as Mashable‘s trademark blue was replaced with Conan orange, along with other, more subtle touches, like the Conan’s hair on the “e” in “Mashable” and the giant Conan face Easter egg. If you didn’t see it, it was Conan’s face which would pop up (see above) when you moused over a tuft of hair at the bottom of your Mashable screen.
He said sometimes it's the car battery itself. Other times, it's the gadgets on the inside.
I want to address the issue from a more mature, reflective and wise stance of the “Both/And,” model of consideration, rather than our usual, reflexive and truly adolescent “Either/Or,” way of thinking, to address our common good here.
As you may have noticed I switched the circle to the other side so my lamb was not looking off the page! I think it really turned out cute!
But you might think that his ideas are not constitutively patriarchal – and there is a very significant section right at the beginning that might support that. Here he discusses the family aim (which is integral to his overall philosophy) is to deny that there are any substantive obligations or authority-relations stemming from the family: parents may have a duty to, and right to, look after their children but this is just temporary, based on their brief dependency.
Why do organizations keep them…if they cannot perform their jobs??
Did so need
investment.
22. The inventions researches and writings of NIKOLA TESLA, The FANTASTIC INVENTIONS of NIKOLA TESLA.
I started blurting out names of all the hearts I adore so much. I didn't get through them all, it took too long for me to remember names, so when my eyes started to raise to the ceiling to try to think my way out of the brain injured 'duh', he cut me off.
available: Hulu Plus and Netflix
Something else has also developed, and this really gets to me, and that is the culture of diving and simulation. The most recent example of this has been well documented, so I won’t go into it again in too much detail, and that was Andy Carroll’s dive on Sunday against Newcastle. Why in God’s name did he not just push it past the keeper and shoot?
I wonder if this pitiless indifference is subterfuge for hiding the torments of love or it is the opposite of love. Love has denied rest to my soul and slumber to my eyes. I have begun to dread the approaching night. It deepens the loneliness and hurt as I stare into the vast emptiness of the dark sky. A lonesome moon sometimes glides past the window and lying on my bed, fatigued by days of sleeplessness, I watch it disappear from sight.
THE WORLD’S MOST SUCCESSFUL SECRET AGENT MEETS THE WORLD’S BEST HOME ENTERTAINMENT EXPERIENCE
Record "Giro D'Italia" bar (64-42cm) and stem (120mm).
Being lumped in with a group forces you to take on guilt for their crimes as well as credit for their accomplishments. Unless, of course, you only identify when it serves some selfish end.
Despite all this technical and artistic effort, the Exhibition Centre won't last long past its 75th anniversary. It is destined to be demolished after the Olympics (for which it will host the volleyball) and be replaced by a new development.
Now you need to score diagonally from corner to corner on the front of your card, use a score board to get a perfect fold, to make sure the corners line up I run a pencil down the scoring line I am going to use, it is much easier than doing it by eye, I think you can pick up the pencil line in the picture below
5. White onions, 8 lbs. for $1 at El Rancho Supermercado (through 3/22/11)
MAC Super Glass in Super Flash
What’s wrong here? Muhammad is referred to as “the Prophet”, with no qualifiers- he’s not “considered to be a prophet by Muslims”, or “the prophet according to Islamic believers”. No, he’s “the Prophet”. Might that be confusing to a young student?
I've had so much free space in my mind the last few weeks...I spend most of the day either feeding my newborn or feeding myself so I can feed my newborn! I love having more time to think and ponder things--more time for small prayers and meditating on a verse, and more time for pondering my life over the last year. This time last year, we had just moved in to our new apartment. It was a little crazy. I didn't blog much about it because I was trying to focus on the positive, but let's just say things were interesting. :)
I pushed her off and jumped up. My pants seemed to get a little tighter.
“And give me more hair. Longer hair.”
Our awareness is being divinely and cosmically cultivated every day my friends!
200g icing sugar
To end this post...I'm going to try and post more while I am here but be sure to look forward to words from me when I am back in the states. Going through a deployment I'm going to be spending a lot of time alone but online like old times....some may know what I'll be going through. Anyways, please if you read this send some prayers to us in Japan. I don't really want to leave and it's getting pretty hard these days since I am leaving VERY SOON :c
I will get off my soapbox now. lol!
In a large bowl, beat cake mix, eggs, buttermilk, vegetable oil and salt on low for 30 seconds. Increase speed to medium-high; beat for 2 minutes, scraping down side of the bowl after 1 minute. Fold in 2 cups of the chopped peanut butter cups.
Dr. Sylvia Hottinger, Carlos III University, Madrid
Here's two sample transactions I did today
“I’m sorry to do this to you,” I say, “But we’ve got a vet’s bill of $500 and we’d like you to pay half. You don’t have to pay straight away, it’s on credit. But, in the next month or so would be good.”
5. Share your photos in the quilting with crazy mom flickr group. Make sure to link to the source of your pattern/tutorial/inspiration if you used one.
One of my favorite jokes from the trailer didn’t quite make it into the final movie, though. Pirate Captain swings onto a ship demanding their gold, only to be told by one of the crew ”Afraid we don’t have any gold old man, this is a leper boat.” Right then the poor fellow’s left arm falls off. “See.” Apparently the leprosy community and the World Health Organization were not amused, so the filmmakers graciously changed the line to “this is a plague boat.” However, the sailor’s arm still falls off. I can certainly respect the filmmaker’s decision to change the line so as not to offend anyone, but I still think it was a funny gag. At least it survives in the trailer.
3 morning
“All sensible people know that vanity is the most devastating, the most universal, and the most ineradicable of the passions that afflict the soul of man, and it is only vanity that makes him deny its power. It is more consuming than love. With advancing years, mercifully, you can snap your fingers at the terror and the servitude of love, but age cannot free you from the thraldom of vanity. Time can assuage the pangs of love, but only death can still the anguish of wounded vanity. Love is simple and seeks no subterfuge, but vanity cozens you with a hundred disguises. It is part and parcel of every virtue: it is mainspring of courage and the strength of ambition; it gives constancy to the lover and endurance to the stoic; it adds fuel to the fire of the artist’s desire for fame and is at once the support and the compensation of the honest man’s integrity; it leers even cynically in the humility of the saint. You cannot escape it, and should you take pains to guard against it, it will make use of those very pains to trip you up. You are defenseless against its onslaught because you know not on what unprotected side it will attack you. Sincerity cannot protect you from its snare nor humour from its mockery.
“We would like to thank Strathclyde Police for its continued assistance and co-operation. Matches will be played at Ibrox for the rest of the season so we urge all fans to keep coming along and continue their tremendous support for the Club at this difficult time.”
Manas was at her regular coffee shop in Northcliff, Johannesburg at about 14:45 on Saturday afternoon, when 15 armed men robbed it and two other shops.
anyway, i just had to vent.
but contemplate their return.
With all the good and evil taking place all over the world God knows exactly what to do to bring it to where he wants it to be. And he will. Who can stop him? Who can make him change this or that?
Monday is going to be Winston Churchill Day and Name Yourself Day as well as Dyngus Day, Appomattox Day, Jenkins Ear Day and Chinese Almond Cookie Day.
3) New technology solutions. I won't write about or publish on, most of the lower carbon efforts of oil and gas companies, for example. Most (not all) are quickly becoming pariahs and are simply determined to hang on as long as they can to a 19th century business model. Carbon capture and storage is the exception. New technology is fascinating. Some examples include wind, concentrated solar power, photo voltaics and tidal energy.
Bus 174 – slow motion apprehension gone awry
Want to know more about Mormons and their lifestyle? Read/skim the article above. After the first couple of sections, you’ll get the gist about what type of people good Mormons are.
Coincidentally, he had come looking for "what was left ( for cheap )",
At least I don't have any grey hairs to worry about...yet...
4. Sometimes their teeth don’t get brushed.Yup, I said it.The Public Health Nurse is wagging her finger at me now. I wish I could tell you that it’s because they have fallen asleep and I don’t have the heart to wake them.And sometimes that does happen. But sometimes it’s late and I’m so tired that i can’t remember my own name and still have 15 other things to do.Sometimes, in between bedtime battling, story time and parent exhaustion, I just want to curl up on the couch with a glass of Merlot and Modern Family. C’mon, we have all done it, and lied about doing it.I’m just admitting it.
So I made an appointment with my band doctor(there I said it, HA! not a secret anymore!) (some people are going to say band doctor...what the %$@# is that!!! lol) and I also decided it's time to brush myself off and move on regardless of how painful it is to do.
From that point on the spotlight was on Gillespiana. Sandoval began with a sometimes hilarious explanation of be-bop, which featured him scat-o-lizing (patent pending) through the self-named tune, covering every instrument in Diz’s band. The actual performance of “Be-Bop” was a revelation. Gordon Goodwin’s arrangement started with a gently swinging presentation of the theme, Sandoval’s trumpet muted, exhibiting the in-the-pocket feel we’ve come to know from the Big Phat Band (several of whose members were in this group). Then the tempo picked up, with the saxophone section taking over and Arturo out front with a fiery riff. The band then backed down into a swinging groove, with Sandoval closing it out — not satisfied with the final cadenza, he took a mulligan and nailed it the second time, to the delight of the crowd.
"...a radical approach to improving the effectiveness of philanthropy through extreme charity: it should become a routine activity, he suggested, that anyone receiving a donation should publish in cyberspace exactly what they do with it, all the way along the line until the money reaches its ultimate charitable destination."
3. Russian Easter Festival Overture by Nicola Rimspky-Korsakov
Guinsoo: We have some news for you, too, Phreak.
Translated by nyldeabcd@CLtheBaddestFemale.com
I love figs and when I buy them I can pretty much guarantee I'm going to be the only one eating them as they rank low on Paalo's favourite fruit list. Undeterred by this, I'm always thinking of ways to turn Paalo around - this is usually done by combining figs with something he does like.
The role of placenta in feeling your baby move
Assistant principal told to stop unusual form of punishment
Calvin is that kid every child growing up could relate to, who had to deal with demanding parents, evil baby-sitters, cranky teachers in the real world, and kid-hungry monsters, space invaders, ferocious dinosaurs in the imagined world.
What’s even alarming is that in some areas, rape has also turned into the social norm for curtailing or punishing women’s so-called “deviant” or “transgressive” behavior: “The use of sexual violence as a tool of domination and punishment has spread to the community level as well; the team was told of many individual cases of ‘punishment’ perpetrated by civilians against one another. In one instance in North Kivu, a young girl was raped by the owner of a mango tree for taking a green fruit without asking… The use of sexual violence has proliferated to the point that even the most seemingly minor of transgressions or old personal scores are now dealt with through the use of rape and violence.”
My $100 today goes to Network for Teaching Entrepreneurship because you never know where the next Bill Gates is going to come from. NFTE‘s motto is: “Start is up” — but I always think of the next lyric: “And I’ll never stop.” Reminds me of the Timex man who began it all by answering violence with compassion. And I’d gladly pay more to hear a child of poverty say, “I want to be a champion…” “I am the master of my fate…” “I can do anything.”
To make the stem, I used brown floral wire. You could also use pipe cleaners.
Maybe it was the post-holiday thing, but I was completely unable to get in touch with anyone in their cargo area. They seemed to want to sell me passenger tickets, which I would need eventually, but not right now. After 4 or 5 tries I started to look for other shippers.
than a self contained atmosphere.) "
I'll be honest, I've had an extremely hard month. I'm planning to move out of Richmond towards the end of July, and I feel myself getting so anxious to leave that I sit and try to think of ways to get out of my lease sooner so that I can just get away from this environment that is causing me so much pain. I want to escape and never look back.
Christian shouldn’t be surprised though. The US is only willing to let Palestinians die because it is an ‘honest broker of Middle East peace…’ (ok it isn’t and I gagged just writing such a lie).
I have created a separate page for Blogging Marathon. Once I get all details I will be updating this page. Bloggers taking part in this marathon need to just link back to this page.
UPDATE: By the way, contra Hatch, a DOJ conclusion that an antitrust law violation exists isn’t any more dispositive than Mark Shurtleff’s conclusion. They’re prosecutors who will still need to get the courts to agree with them. And if you’re looking for a few reasons why that may not be as much of a slam dunk as Hatch suggests, here are some.
Earlier albums gave us classics like Human Slug, Transvestite Blues, and Pickled And Preserved to name just a trio that scarred the heart for blissfully ever. The new album adds to the list with the mighty black wickedness of Devil Says Kill, the menacing Heads On A Pole with rhythms that see walls crumble and enemies run in fright, and the outstanding Lucky Charm, a song that plunders the senses with punchy rhythms and riffs which command and taunt. With the best song on the album The Life I Live adding to the deep quality and fun this is an album that Demented Are Go were always destined to make. Like the album, The Life I Live has a swagger to it, a mischievous glint in the eye and satanic grin that is addictive from the moment the opening intermittent guitar strikes beckon with their steely fingers. It has a reflective feel, a personal heart, and a defiance that says this is how it is just deal with it.
Enter in second semester of college in this girls life. I'm 18, moved into a new apartment and met one of my best friends, Ashley Tanner and thanks to this amazing relationship I was introduced to a brand new way of enjoying music.
I’m mad because I can’t just kick him out right now and be done with this insanity. I’m so tired of playing this game. I feel like such a hypocrite.
When I think back on the past 12 months of being 23, I feel like I've grown by leaps and bounds in terms of maturity (well, sometimes) and finding myself. I've always felt like I kind of knew what I wanted to be/do, but the past year has really solidified some of my life dreams.
the one time no one was likely to be
No, my cottage is not a French chateau and to my knowlege, has no history of French heritage. In fact, she sits 4300 miles from the French countryside, built from lumber that was hewn by hand, on-sight, from trees that were cleared from the hillside almost 100 years ago. She has housed several families and undergone several REnovations--some good, some bad! But she is filled with a history of hard working people who raised their families to have strong work ethics, strict morals and a desire to contribute to the growth of their community and to society. They desired what I--like you, desire--a home that bids all to enter, "sit a spell", and put a great distance from the hustle and bustle of LIFE!
I just realized the blog about parents was actually day 4. Oops.
M's favorite thing was the caverns. She just went on and on about it. She is begging to go back again soon. She says 'everyone' should see it before they die. It really is amazing. It's like being on a different planet. So cool. There was a lot of buzz about a new cave they found a few months ago in the cavern's. It is supposed to be very amazing. Right now it is only open to exploring teams and rangers. They have discovered new microorganisms in there so it will be a few years before anyone else is allowed in there.
Do I sound whiny? Well, that probably fits. I feel whiny. And I feel too old for this pace!
19. jeeps
i nominate these blog.. the rest will be updated soon..
06 Beginnings 5:48
PANICKY MEASURES WON’T POSTPONE DAY OF RECKONING!
Republicans have only one candidate and no primary
Thanks to everyone who played along! The last challenge is to post one picture of yourself. I really don’t like most pictures of myself, so I’m glad I just got my haircut and have this lovely new do to share! :o)
You may have already heard of the Wallace case, perhaps read a book or watched a TV adaptation of the crime (Man from the Pru, anyone?) If you haven't, you might be wondering why I'm talking about it now, eighty years after it happened. After all, murders happen all the time, and there are many unsolved cases still on police files. Why is this one so special?
Here is a little parody based on "The Continental" (1934-lyrics by Herb Magidson) from that appropriately named film "The Gay Divorcee" starring Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers.
He has been detained without bail ever since. From November 2011 to February 2012, he was taken to four provinces, including Sa Kaew, Phetchabun, Nakhon Sawan and Songkhla, where prosecution wiynesses were registered when, in fact, all of them lived in Bangkok.
Obama’s colleague and political sponsor. It is easy to imagine a future
The latter experience has provided food for thought about mental models. Writing the paper has at times been a struggle. Largely, this has been self-induced. I have never used a paid editor, but I fell short in my writing. This required reflection. I had to recognize a shortcoming. It required humility to say, “I need help and I don’t know it all.” Otherwise, completing my PhD is not viable.
Now, I do have to clarify. This really doesn't taste like cheese. I would never serve it to people who eat cheese and expect them to sing its praises. What this spread does is hit many of the same flavor notes as cheese (especially when used as a mayo like spread or stirred into soups). If you want a richer spread, feel free to add a couple tablespoons of melted earth balance or oil to this.
I digress again.. like I said.. we went outside.
But whereas the film contrasts the press releases and PR statements of the Ratner crowd with a counter narrative and corrective facts, the Times itself has often uncritically run stories based on such press releases and PR statements without the perspective and context of a counternarrative or fact checking. That gets us to the review of the documentary about the Times itself.
I started slowly at first. But it was too gorgeous a day and I was feeling too confident to not be spirited. Just as I passed the horse pasture I picked up my pace. Fast is smooth and strong, Francisco’s voice echoed in my head. I rounded a bend and spied another runner a good furlong ahead. “Just a little faster,” I thought “and I can close the gap.” Did I ever. In my mind I was barely touching the ground as if I had wings on my feet, exhilarated to be moving swiftly through space and time. He must not have heard me because I startled him as I called “Good morning” as I flew by.
Place pineapple in a greased baking dish. Place sliced
“It’s not so unusual for me to-”
2-3 medium red potatoes
So I leave you with a non-Potter quote (I know, I know...you're disappointed). But it's still a good one to ponder...
After they've driven through Joplin, Missouri and Oklahoma City, they finally reach Laredo, Texas - on their fourth day out of Chicago. Knowing the car won't make it to Mexico City because it's low on oil and making some awful noises, they make a plan to sell the car, send their suitcases to Mexico by Railway Express, and then hope from a tourist bus to a train on their way to Mexico. After some bargaining, they're able to sell the car to a sympathetic dealer ("I'd like to help you young folks if I could") for $125. The dealer kindly drives them to the station, where Jane's bags are shipped, and William brings along his bag full of necessities onto the tourist bus.
4. Mohd. Rafi: Pyar Hai Ik Nishan Qadmon Ka Part II
Even if you encounter downturns, you have enough time to recover and earn more money. In the early years, you may experience a lot of difficulties because you have a lot of expenses and cash flow is limited. After several years, you can now enjoy high income because you have very few expenses; just in time for the college years of your child.
With this painting, I started developing my version of pointillism. I just really wanted to express the express the whole mess and the mesh of the background for these quite obvious on the one hand, but, on the other, quite expressive and exquisite florets.
I have known since learning from my Pleiadian entourage back in my beginnings that they emit a blue aura… a deep blue light. I would often see it in moments of deep contemplation or severe melt downs… and I see it still to this day. It is my daddy saying…. I got your back little girl (smile.)
It's a wretched and indescribable longing which so many cannot begin to comprehend because they tuck their own children into bed at night, and they hug all their children on Mother's Day, and they are utterly, thankfully ignorant of this experience.
5. Mukesh: Suhani Chandni Raten
ወግ ማረግን ሳላይ
Throw the meat on and cook for a few minutes on each side. After you’ve flipped it, brush sauce on it, give it another minute, turn again, and sauce the other side. The reason we didn’t sauce the meat before it went on is because the sugar could burn too quickly. Adding it towards the end was perfect.
‘Gymnastik‘ (there will probably be a purple ball involved and some stretching). It will most likely be a great way to practice new German words.
Now, please don't get me wrong. I don't find a lack of knowledge about the nuances of macaroni and cheese to be a real detrimental quality in a candidate. In reality, if he takes the time I take thinking about this stuff, he shouldn't be president. I just often wonder, more and more these days, do these people have any idea how normal people live?
New Order Round and round UK
Money gets low.
Camera shake how to avoid it
2. Nanny McPhee's functions were mystical in nature while Flow can be explained by science. Or can it?
2 teaspoons salt
Today I had another meeting in the same place and I arrived with eager glances at the derelict hospital to see how it was faring. Fences bordered it, blocking all form of entry onto the grounds and inside, contractors were hastily pulling down everything. When I walked into the meeting staff were complaining about the loss of their phone lines due to something being hit on the hospital site and last week they were without electricity for the same reason. Looking at the building we were in it was quite clear that it would one day be the next to go.
Frame the window above the shower - windows around here rarely have casings
HAZEN
In another occasion she spoke out after a panel discussion that it was so exciting that she had a comfortable tiredness, and she would like to have heard more opinions even though it would end up to be a dispute.
I sometimes forget just how cool boats really are. While this may sound arrogant (completely not my intent), because I can take my boat out basically anytime I want I forget about the novelty of a boat for other people.
But now I have to return the question to Seattle’s LGBT commission (or at least a small part of it).
Here’s some simple steps.
That is a false dichotomy. The dead can be remembered while serious, albeit uncomfortable, questions are still asked:
Huling said that he was ambushed by a man who appeared to be an Afghan military policeman. She said she was led to believe that the man may have been a Taliban militant.
Lose an ear
Instead, I decided to continue the review of my journals from the past few years, in order to assist me in formalizing my current thoughts to include a degree of perspective that current wisdom seems to fall short on. As is sometimes the case, every so often I come across an entry that stimulates my heart and mind in a way that surprises me. One such passage spoke first to how I felt strongly that my reading was guiding me toward some revelation in my investigations, and a second which included my report of an intuition that dreams were more than synaptic firing in the brain, but rather:
Step 10: Reattach hardware (I love the knobs the dresser came with, so I kept em)
“Ok! Lets go,” said Arik, and with that the party left the Guild Hall and headed down the freezing cobblestone streets toward Dunn’s Bridge. Hermel stopped to buy two new wool cloaks in a shop along the way. He gave one to Hornmel who accepted it with a nod of thanks. Hermel was delighted. It was nice and new and clean! Along the way he’d even observed himself in a glass window and thought it looked rather majestic as it billowed behind him in the wind. Eventually they came to the iron grate on Dunn’ Street along the side of the canal where Hermel had last seen Ishcandar. Arik lifted the grate with two hands and threw it down into a snow bank with a dull thud-clang.
“What do you think?” Henri asks.
“An Honourable Counsellor” St Mark XV.43
I've said it before and I'll say it again:
I've also started researching where to send this piece when I get it polished up. Not in depth with that part yet, since I'm only in round 2 of the draft. (Round 3 is my crit group.) But just to start getting ideas and see if there's any deadlines I may want to keep in mind.
A very early, if not the first if Goddard's correct, run-through of this track missing most of the chiming/jangly guitars. This is a basic rough-and-ready bash it out take recorded by John Porter, with Marr and Gannon going at it on the rhythm guitars and Joyce getting all frenetic on drums. Wisely, a lot was tightened up as the session progressed; alas, this isn't the hoped-for "pre-Steve Lillywhite mix" fans wanted (which sadly, according to Porter, doesn't exist because he never actually got the opportunity to mix it before Lillywhite got his hands on it and didn't understand the complex web of guitars Porter had built up).
This is a self portrait of me called "African Violet"
Application should be received not later than two weeks after the publication of this advertisement. Please indicate the position in your application letter.
It does not seem a coincidence that the President landed right at half time of an NBA basketball game between the star studded Miami Heat and New York Knicks. Some theorized that the President delayed his flight in the air to watch more of the basketball game.
And there you have it: five varied, yet totally bad ass cat breeds . One more thing—this list is subject to the author’s opinion only, and the author is only too happy to acknowledge that whatever cat belongs to you, the reader, is truly the baddest cat in the land. So no hate mail, please.
Anyway, we got all that set up and this nurse then took me back to a lovely lady who prepped me for surgery. She explained everything that was going to happen in regard to medication and eye drops. She also went over medication, eye drops and protecting my eyes after surgery. I was given a valium to keep me calm and then a series of eye drops that included numbing drops, an antibiotic drop, and a few other drops that I'm not sure about.
Stanhope and Schroders were among the objectors to the scheme being given planning permission. Their evidence to the planning inspector stated that the arena was not economically viable, and that the scheme did not contain enough affordable housing.
Cream together the softened vutter and brown sugar until pale and fluffy. Beat in the eggs, a bit at a time, until well incorporated. Stir in the almond essence and then fold in the flour and the almonds. Stir in the milk to give a dropping consistency.
***note, I respect these men and women and the job they do, I am ALWAYS polite, smiling, and absolutely cooperative with ANY request or question they ask. Even when they are outright out of line I stay level headed and never give them back any treatment that they might dish out to me. NEVER. (I was raised better damn it) They are protecting my family that still lives in the U.S. and they risk they're lives, they deserve respect***
The Reuters report also confirms Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s statement that his security forces were fighting armed militants – not protesters and civilians – in security operations across Syria before the UN ceasefire came into effect. The reports states:
Rom 8:11 But if the Spirit of Him who raised Jesus from the dead dwells in you, He that raised Christ from the dead shall also give life to your mortal bodies by His Spirit that dwells in you.
Is an app that steers people away from high crime areas by using crime statistics a good thing? One might think, yes, that would keep people safe. On the other hand, depending on which crime statistics the app uses, it could also generate routes that tend to avoid neighborhoods where people of color reside. In that case does the phone reinforce stereotypes or simply reflect reality? Moreover, as Mary Mitchell for The Chicago Sun Times writes is the use of the word “ghetto” in naming the app a reflection of bias.
CJS I didn’t have a job. I got laid off from my job and I didn’t want to go back to work for a 9-5, so I went hard and just kept on going.
One of the most important is that a WSI franchise does not prohibit you from taking on other work. Are you an aspiring writer looking for more time in your day to pursue your passion, but not ready to take the plunge into living on your writing fees alone? A WSI franchise allows you to control your schedule so that you can balance work and your passion on your terms, not someone else’s.
So – how did the combo work? In a word – great!
J. Sterling
2. I hit a girl so hard with a pillow that I knocked her into a wall and almost broke her ribs. I seriously became Rob Schneider from this scene off of The Hot Chick on her. I played baseball all through my childhood so when I hit her I put my full "home-run-swing" into it. I was on a class trip with 10 other class mates (staying in a hotel and all), so I figured the only way I could "hit" her and get actually get away with it was with a pillow. I actually got all of my classmates to tell my teacher "We were just playing! She's just a big cry baby." to get me out of trouble. Haha! Oh, I'm so terrible.
Don't forget to take the pie crust out. Especially if it's in the freezer. According to the box, it can take an hour and a half to thaw from frozen. Thankfully I'm in Texas, in August, and I don't keep my kitchen AC vents open. It took 60 minutes to thaw from frozen.
1/2 cup 2% reduced-fat milk
I wonder if family life could be more enjoyable, and that conversations wouldn’t just be on the topic of money. We could talk more about the problems in school when I was younger, and have a hearty american breakfast or an outing to the beach on weekends.
I will not set up a complete agenda concerning the numerous intentions and plans concerning our real princesses, as they tend to drift in quite many directions. Our fictional princess agenda on the other hand, is usually floating between marriages and fighting off an evil power… so for this time, I will exclude them. (have a look at the video clip to enjoy all the reasons of why.)
George Canyon
But the best thing about Megamind is his journey, from society's reject to the saviour of his tormentors. Only a true intellectual superior could devise a way to save Metro City from an evil even greater than our intrepid bad guy.
PPS - I have refrained from tweeting #PRrequest about this (apparently bloggers can actually ask for stuff to review, although how I'd get it back to them would be the tricky part) but if any travel company would like the considered opinions of my good self and the beautiful children, please get in touch soonest, I will blog all the live long day about this trip, and I'd only be too happy, nae delighticated to tell the lovely readers about your kindest of kind offers.
other things residing on the same good frequency will be attracted into your
So here’s to the weekend ahead of us all. May it be filled with nice things – in part by being not filled with too, too much. — Lenore
I missed the deadline for the invitation project. I know, I know! Major disappointment but there is light at the end of the design tunnel. The project is updated every 6 months and I can contribute in November! Now I have time to really learn about wedding invitations and whatnot and I can get the right cardstock, envelopes, labels, packaging, etc. It really is for the best I think.
Personally, I don’t really have faith in any institutions in modern life. I love politics, but I have no faith in political institutions or the political process. I think aid organizations are great, but I have absolutely no faith in their ability to avoid corruption or act completely benevolently. Schools and education are wonderful, but they’ve become so bureaucratic and broken down, that I have little faith that they can actually operate for the full benefit of the students that they are trying to serve. I think family and love are the solid rock upon which most of us live, but you see over and over throughout society the breakdown of families and disintegration of the familial bonds.
The weather is amazing,
Thank you my dear, crafty mama friends near and far for sharing your talents and inspiration. I hope that all of you are having a wonderful holiday season full of love and light!
1 narrowed
A large majority of the Finnish population is Lutheran (78 %) and the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland has a legal position as state church. Although the Lutheran faith is so dominating, I wouldn’t say Finns in general are very religious. In a recent poll 29 percent of the respondents stated that religion is important to them. Tradition however is, and I believe many are Lutheran simply because of tradition, not conviction. For many Finns it’s important to be able to have an old-fashioned church wedding, a church christening or funeral.
Paper: Kraft cardstock, Blu Raspberry and Berrylicious Pop-Tone by DiscountCardstock.com
A bit over carbonated. Pours black with shades of red and a HUGE non-dissipating, khaki head. The beer took 5 minutes to pour it. The head retention is insane. It's sticking together an inch above the top of the snifter. Nose is still a mixture of Close Up Toothpaste and Big Red chewing gum. The cinnamon taste has subsided and mildly degraded. It was too much, and still is at this point. There's some mild malt character, along with some hop flavor and a decent bitterness (mild to moderate), but it's still all cinnamon, basically bordering on undrinkable. it is much better than before with great lacing. This may still improve, but I don't think it's going to get passed the overwhelming cinnamon flavor. Maybe in a few months. Watery mouth feel.
On Tuesday, PSNI intelligence alleged Mr Hickey had a role in the murders, and was one of many gardai and customs officers who forewarned the IRA of searches – Mr Hickey today denied all these allegations.
In fact, the longer I live, the more complicated life becomes. Some days, I feel like I am living in a perpetual headlock, like my neck is clenched in choking steel, and no matter how I struggle and fight and push, it wont budge. I am in a perpetual checkmate. All I can do is just lie there, panting.
GI wise, things are the same. She is on TPN for 22 hours a day. She retches a lot in the morning, but it's not too bad during the day. She manages to keep most meds down now. They started her on Rifaximin for bacterial overgrowth. It's a nasty, thick, orange medication. As long as we give it at a different time than her other meds, she usually keeps most of it down. As a side effect, her poop is bright orange colored which is interesting.
Show the waist... I am thinking... You're thinking... What waist? The peplum and the fuller skirt can do wonders to reduce the waistline...
This is a project I have been tinkering with for quite a while. It's an old Harley Davidson shovel head. They get that name because the top of the valve rocker covers (on top of the cylinder heads) look like the back side of an old shovel.
Hope you'll save some time to pop in for the hop!!
But with prices continuing to soar – and the country dependent for food and fuel on neighbouring South Africa and Botswana – that feels like little more than a futile hope.
Simon was an early ticker. He ticked off beers in the Good Beer Guide as he tried them. He was keen to tick Oldham's beers. There was another reason Oldham was attractive: the opening hours. The pubs stayed open until three in the afternoon, but re-opened at five. The spoilt youngsters of today can't appreciate the horror and inconvenience of afternoon closing. total pain in the arse. Oldham was the only place I knew where it was just two hours.
First - I must stress these are personal opinions. There will be those who can weave a path through the technology without coffee and chocolate - I salute you. I can't. There will be those to whom marketing is second nature - I am still rubbish at it. But, for what it's worth, here goes:
This tragic story is an extreme example of how some vulnerable families are feeling the economic pressure as the recession bites and living costs and unemployment rise.
Rating 23
This movie has a plot. Emilie Warnock (Maggie Grace) is on a humanitarian mission to a detention centre on outer space – I feel so stoned typing that – where the prisoners are cryogenically frozen to keep them from assaulting each other. Somehow the American government taxes the rich in this sci-fi. She’s there to check whether the detainees are treated fairly but all goes awry when one escaped prisoner (Brit TV actor Joseph Gilgun) helps lead the hundreds of others into taking the scientists controlling the complex as hostages, including Emilie. The secret service’s (led by Peter Stromare) mission is to rescue the hostages, bringing in maligned rogue CIA agent Snow (Pearce) to rescue Emilie and to hope that the prisoners don’t discover that she’s the president’s. Daughter!
They also said that, if I tried to leave before I turn 18, they’ll call the cops and send me to juvi (they also said that if I didn’t listen to them they’d send me to juvi as well). I can’t even go to either of my cousins houses because my parents are sure I’m the way I am because of the people I hang out with and not because of how I feel. They said that it’s the devils influence on me. They also said I don’t know what it means to be this way. What would they know about how it feels to be in the wrong body?
This became clear on my Sunday ride this morning out to Oura Beach, a return trip of 30-odd km’s to a beautiful picnic spot on the ‘bidgee. Brilliant ride, although I got my first flat in months, I think from having tempted fate by riding the final kilometre or so of stony road to the beach.
DP's from Little Yellow Bicycle, cardstock, button, twine and diecuts from PTI, misc. ribbon and paper doily.
Neil Doncaster - Yeah, there was a general agreement across all the clubs that Scottish football is in a very sensitive position at the moment. There’s a lot of passions that are running high and the right thing to do is to let some more clarity emerge from Ibrox over the next few days and in that context potentially get round the table again next Monday and think again. These aren’t rules that potentially affect one club, but potentially affect all twelve clubs and what is important is that we have a full set of financial fair play rules. Clubs are very keen that there should be financial fair play rules in place that ensure there’s a real motivation to live within your means going forward but equally those rules could apply, would apply, to all twelve clubs.
Wo weilest du?
When it came, with much fanfare and a spinning globe graphic that said “WORLD PREMIERE VIDEO,” I was in a friend’s dorm room with a bunch of people. I had boasted that I, Karen Noreen Finlay, was going to be in a real live Beastie Boys video. I was going to be a star AND Mrs. Adam Horovitz. THIS was going to be the first of many moments of glory, a moment to rival any of Pamela des Barres’ – this was going to be IT. I was going to transcend from a mere bookstore nerd into a rock and roll butterfly, or at least have the most awesome claim to fame EVER.
I daydream to pass the time
Then, this thing happened. Namely, I went off to Sweden for a month or so, in order to finish the book. In fact, two things happened. Firstly, I wrote not a single word of the book while I was away. Secondly, and of even greater concern to my and my editor's sanity, was that I didn't want to write any more of it either.
And I'm not even judging the authors who don't follow those steps... it's expensive! Hiring all those professionals and paying for an ISBN and copyright and whatnot is expensive. Add that to the fact that you're not getting an advance and there are no guaranteed royalties, and you're talking one heck of a leap of faith for those who don't have a lot of money to begin with.
I had a religious upbringing. It didn’t do me any harm but I can’t say my world view has not been affected by what I was taught. I never really got churches, though. Or graveyards. The idea that you need to go to a specific location to talk to a god or to remember your loved ones never made sense to me. You never got Jesus dashing off to the synagogue so he could commune with his heavenly father and why would I want to drive forty-odd miles to stand around in a graveyard my parents never went near in their lives simply to remember them?
How can you be sure you have hired the right contractor for the job? There are primarily three different methods used to clean the air ducts in your home. With prices ranging from to 0, you want to be well informed before you start contacting air duct cleaning companies.So why the huge disparity in prices? The answer lies somewhere between homeowner preferences and business marketing preactices-
I've thought about Nasib since and what her death says about the vulnerability of humanity. I think it's my awareness of that vulnerability that makes me so committed to religion: because life is delicate, I feel like we need to love and be good to each other, as Jewish, Sikh, Mormon and countless other faiths' prophets have taught.
So the digest version is that crying is a necesity that we all need including babies. Yes, we know this for ourselves (and crazily, I know this about toddlers too!). Crying releases stress hormones which is why having a good cry makes us feel calmer. We have literally released the stress.
The more I get into this thing the more I think, what exactly is the point? What am I trying to do here?
2. SEC: 1.5
2 cups quick oats
And that is just sad…
“No you see me..now you dont..am i here or am I there..or am I everwhere…that is the question?”
so it's worked out pretty well.
1. They sent me through the NEW FULL BODY SCAN SEE-YOU-NAKED X-RAY MACHINE. You have to face the wall of the machine, put your feet in the imprints on the floor, and raise your hands. And you have to stand there for about 25 seconds while they shoot a sublethal dose of X-rays though you.
4. Rest - Doing those big movements serves another purpose. It stimulates the release of natural growth hormone and testosterone. Testosterone has other benefits. Increased sexual libido being one.. your wife/girl will love you for it. Back to my point, resting is where the muscle is made. Sleep, lounge, just relax and let your muscles recover. But then while recovering, don't forget to...
Classical Athens was, needless to say, male-dominated; male-dominated, in fact, to an extent unusual even in ancient Greece. The women were kept at home weaving. A few really lucky ones (Phryne, Aspasia) got to be high-class hookers and went to parties. But women were completely excluded from public life. They couldn't vote. They couldn't even go to the theatre.
The Thursday before Spring Break was Brody's Easter party at his school. They were having an egg hunt and of course lots of food. My parents were out of town that day so of course I had to find someone to keep Trevor because I could not imagine taking him with me. Thankfully I dropped him off at one of our normal babysitter's house so her sister could keep him. Trevor had never met her but that didn't matter to him because he went right in and said "bye mama".
So, it was agreed that 1 in 10 would return to the CIty…and the people would be chosen by lottery (casting lots). In this manner, it was believed that God selected the people and it was fair. For “fair” to work, everyone must agree in advance to the principles and commit to carrying them through. The story in Ch 11 and the early verses of 12 detail how this occurred.
It seems he was on his way to
Buttercream Frosting
Saturday was wedding day. I so badly wanted to visit the Lancaster Iron Hill brewpub, but was never able to fit it in. Later I found out my cousins and friend went without me while waiting for their tuxes to be adjusted (something I stupidly did the night before). Bastards! Around noon, Chris (the groom and my cousin) had us over the house for “relaxed, chill groomsman photos.” Something I scoffed at before arriving. Bless his heart, we arrived greeted by a couple mixed sixers of Stoudt’s (and some of my grandfathers 15-20 year old scotch). Scarlet Lady, Tripel, Double IPA, American Pale. Quite the lineup. We lunched on subs and good beer.
Fiskars Circle Punch
Total Mileage Last Week: 21
The Schedule of Insanity, while fun and exciting, is not conducive to a completely healthy lifestyle. Shortchanging sleep ends in one result and one result only. A tired Jen is a grumpy Jen. And then.. a sick Jen. I haven't quite reached the grumpy stage, but I am definitely feeling the lack of downtime in this fast-paced life.
Two men remained in the camp, one named Eldad, and the other named Medad, and the spirit rested on them; they were among those registered, but they had not gone out to the tent, and so they prophesied in the camp. And a young man ran and told Moses, ‘Eldad and Medad are prophesying in the camp.’ And Joshua son of Nun, the assistant of Moses, one of his chosen men, said, ‘My lord Moses, stop them!’ But Moses said to him, ‘Are you jealous for my sake? Would that all the Lord’s people were prophets, and that the Lord would put his spirit on them!’ And Moses and the elders of Israel returned to the camp.
1 Cup Superfine Granulated Sugar
You may have never had this one, and I wish I could describe to you what edamame (pronounced eh-dah-MAH-may) tastes like, but it's a pretty specific thing. The way I'd have a hard time explaining the way coffee tastes, or licorice. Personally, I absolutely love eating them as a snack, but when put into stir fry? Eh, I prefer them to be left out. Everyone's different though, so I'd say give them a shot.Who knows, you may find yourself completely addicted.
So tell me whats her name.
Another delay...the evening my husband went out of town, he put a new bottle of water on our water dispenser and the next morning we woke to find that all the water had disappeared! This mystery lead me into the crawl space where I found that thanks to a crack in the water jug, all the water had leaked out and ran between my floor and the moldings. The insulation under this area in the kitchen was good and wet, so I pulled it out and discovered we had an unwanted view of my backyard! It is about now that I am wondering when Mike is due home! So, instead of working on my stairs, I took a trip to Home Depot for insulation, dressed in my best rubber gloves, mask, goggles and toque and got to work. Oh, if you could have seen me!
He looks at me, and I can tell that he is at peace with this one.
When we left Branson, our little gang we had traveled with all went our separate ways. It was sad, but all good things must come to an end. But, if we had to sit somewhere by ourselves and miss our friends, at least we chose a beautiful place for the night! This was the view outside of our windows at Lake Chicot State Park, which is Arkansas's largest natural lake.
At the corner of M and North Capitol, we caught up to him. The officer driving the car chirped the siren, and pulled to the curb when the boy started biking faster. Both officers (from the 1st District) got out of the car and started questioning the boy about the wheel we had seen him carrying minutes earlier.
Let’s look at the evidence.
Ska Brewing Co. Euphoria Pale Ale
Once I was asked what I would rather be doing instead of my work? I said I would be trying to do my work, still. There's no other work I like better.
And I have a quick recipe to share -- it will be in the low 80s here all week, so time for an iced yummy!
Conundrum.
Dig a hole.
f people like you watch over the well being of We,
coconut flour
I escorted her across the fields and made sure she made it back to the office.
I've decided that I am going to keep this jacket. It's just such a cool shape. I might actually get my madd craft skillz on and sew another snap fastener to the "boob gap" area so that it lays better.
He knew not where to turn; and he was wise,
Rabbit fur cowl, Buffalo Exchange
Popular discontent with Saakashvili grew after Irakli Okruashvili, a former defence minister, accused the president of corruption and plotting to murder a prominent Georgian businessman.
It was a hot afternoon and we started at 1.15, maybe not the best time to start a race. I started off at what I thought was a steady pace, but found myself near the front of the field. I checked my Garmin and I was under 10 minute mile pace, but not going daft, so I carried on. Apart from having to slow to sort out my iPod which had stuck on an album instead of shuffling through my running songs, I ran fairly steadily for the first couple of miles. I found it hard to drink and run, perhaps having got used to only drinking on my walk intervals, and drinking was very necessary in the heat. My stats show that my walk breaks were very short until the last mile when I was starting to get tired.
1/2 tsp freshly ground white pepper (we substituted black as it is what we had on hand)
Should I consider this "moving up the ranks in the film blogosphere"? (At the very least, it's farther than I've gotten at The Wall Street Journal so far...)
6 looking
This is a beer dating back to 1989, the early days of the craft brewing renaissance. At its release, people marveled: the heft and sweetness of the body, the amazing sprightliness of the hopping. For people trained to think Henry's Private Reserve was "good beer," FS Amber was off the charts. Yet over the years, as people's experience with good beery expanded, they began to think of the beer as a starter beer, almost a throwaway. Jamie Emmerson once told me that people accused the brewery of changing the recipe. In their memory, Amber was this intense, rich beer--surely Full Sail had slowly watered it down. Of course they hadn't. Whatever adjustments the brewery has made were to accommodate the annual variability in hops and barley so that the beer was always the same.
Last week I was paddling across Loch Etive with my son, under the soaring bulk of Ben Cruachan. It occurred to me that at 3,694 from sea level, the height of the mountain was over a thousand feet less than the depth of the sea bed in the Gulf of Mexico. We had arrived a few days before via a hundred mile detour, while engineers struggled to recover a railway carriage which was perched 40 foot above the road, after it had derailed at the foot of Cruachan. It brought home the magnitude of the task of capping the current oil spill, and the sheer, irritating, negative pointlessness of the current American diatribe of invective against ‘British Petroleum,’ and by implication, all things British, as Satans of the western world.
The ones whose lives were short, and tough, and whose end was tragic. I like to think they had love -- big, warm families that honored their labor with gratitude while they lived and mourned them fittingly after they died. I like to think nieces and grand-nieces were named for them, and that they're being remembered this morning by relatives they never had a chance to meet.
I wanted bacon.
But what about the object? When I said artefact your brain probably went a few places. Indiana Jones. Lara Croft. The Mummy. You're seeing something ancient, with untapped powers or a ghost or a curse attached.
Simon here with another instalment of the crazy situations that I call 'Life'.
I made this card a couple of days ago and I'm really chuffed with it. It's the first time I've had a serious go at brayering, so I decided to try something reasonably simple!
Now, Liesl escaped her audience and plunged so deeply into the music, she no longer sensed if anyone else was there. Except once. After the pounding clash of the first passage, she was midway into a peaceful interlude when she surfaced long enough to dare look into the second row. Gone! He’s gone! But where? No time to wonder; the music wouldn’t wait. The storm was gathering again. It demanded she channel it down the length of the instrument and release it to the room. But in the finale, in the resolution of the strife, the victory of peace prevailed.
So we went home. Halfway through microwaving last nights leftovers, we got the call to return for the CT scan. This was done by someone we presume is a radiologist so he is now called Radiologist 3 - he had interesting hair. In fact the whole radiology department were snappy dressers. I like a nice dress pant on a chap.
More so since becoming a mother, but the following is when it all started...
I have been counting down the days for around six weeks. My body has been under a cruel amount of strain and pressure for the last few months and I knew this time something had to be done. Despite my use of numerous natural interventions I learnt today I will have surgery on my back in the weeks to come and this will hopefully give me a brighter more pain free future.
Ian Hamilton QC – ‘a drunk man looks at the thistle’ is always worth a read even if you know nothing about law….
- roughly equal amounts of rhubarb and tart apple (weighing or measuring to be done after all cleaning, peeling, coring, chopping etc. completed)
Don’t keel over
“Even if the manager comes we still don’t have the product.”
Later, as my fridge moaned, I locked the front door,
If your bid for power is to stop smoking, you can’t qualify it with “if I find the right program” or “when I get more of a handle on my life” or “maybe next week”. No, if you want to stop smoking you stop right now. You make a commitment that goes along with your bid for power. Once you commit 100 percent, then the program or other support will show up and you will begin to get a handle on your life.
sand castles.
I have not stopped reading since I bought the book this morning. The characters are fun and it is an easy read! Great new author, as this is her first book to be published! Starting Over Book One: More Than a Job , Amazon reader/purchaser.
These table settings we saw on Style Me Pretty are a great way to provide guests with an ice breaker at the tables (you know they'll all be sharing the stories from where they're great advice came from) and gives you the opportunity to gain some useful words of wisdom.
Howard Jackson’s Treat Me Nice and books by Susan Doll are ushering in a new wave of Elvis writing.
*2 teaspoon lime juice (lemon works too)
Scan order: Top Field First
The past week I’ve slept 9+ hours every day. You could say that I’m catching up on sleep that I’ve missed out from school. However, I’m usually going to bed around 10-11 and waking up around 9.
Stats from his 9 month appointment:
(Pause my Playlist at bottom of page first.)
As the Burma campaign illustrated, there are few companies that can resist such concerted pressure.
The only place in the south I've visited is Alabama because I have family there. In fact, Houston makes me miss them a little.
Sooooo....I am awarding these honours on every blog that I follow, and all those who follow me as well. I love this community of friendship and support, and want to thank and congratulate each and every one of you!
I served these beef tacos with a black bean and wild rice salad (recipe to come soon!) and extra salsa at the table for sprinkling! Enjoy!
A Boeing 747's wingspan is longer than the Wright brother's first flight.
Anyway, what we're meant to think here is that the part of Geldof that was fearless in dealing with the powerful because he knew he had the moral high ground has somehow led him to wear a particular brand of watch. Whereas it's actually just the pay cheque, a lump of money for a man who is already a millionaire several dozen times over.
The one spot not yet discussed is the wall opposite the bathroom. This was a tricky area to deal with because it is the only way to get from the top of the stairs to the back seating areas. By building the box around the restroom entrance we narrowed that space even more. To complicate it further, we needed to add a waiter's station on this wall.
In fact, they are doing more than pondering. Over the past few years China and other emerging powers such as Russia have been quietly making agreements to move away from the US dollar in international trade. Several major oil-producing nations have begun selling oil in currencies other than the dollar, and both the United Nations and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) have issued reports arguing for the need to create a new global reserve currency independent of the dollar.
Oh yeah, another thing that kind of got in the way of that plan, or any plans having to do with school and learning and succeeding in life was that I quickly figured out that living at home, with many of my friends nearby, and many of my friends living on campus, that I could pretty much party whenever I wanted. So.. I did. And I skipped some classes. A LOT of classes. And I got the first D of my life. Followed quickly by my first E. And then a few more of each. Academic Probation, Academic Improvement, and then a polite little letter asking me nicely to leave their fine institution until I could get my act together. So it was back to the community college for me until I could, well, get my act together.
My third effort. The first two are already gone to JFGs. Body and wings and tail feathers cut from recycled tin...in this case the insides of a barometer type thingy...I love the map and lines on the bird. The legs are table cloth weights I found in a thrift shop when I was in the city for the Terry Brush workshop.
All W.B. wanted from Santa was a rubber chicken. He started talking about it in November. He wrote Santa a letter asking for one. We have no idea why or how this became so important to him. (We're not a clown family, after all, corny dog coupons notwithstanding--it's not like we keep them around the house normally).
Origin: Sweden (Stockholm)
I am an accomplished food and beverage photographer. Having managed to combine my 2 great passions food and photography into a career has been an absolute joy. I spend my time creating food images not only for a living but for my audience. It's a labor of love for me. Recently I have teamed up with a group of very talented people to launch an online Magazine called Heat Magazine. A magazine about all foods spicy.
I think I'd only ever had a Buxton beer on cask down south, so the Kinder Downfall was a great surprise - some light citrus with a bitter, spicy hop kick at the end, and if anything the Brodies Hoxton IPA was even better - slightly hazy with an almost oily taste of deep bitter citrus hops - lovely, but lethal! The place wasn't busy at lunchtime (pies only for food) so I had a quick look around - the lounge is pretty basic but I liked the tables and benches at the back of the bar with books available and a view out to the back of the yard. When looking up the place up on the Internet I'd seen that it had seemed to be up for sale for some time, but the owner indicated that this was because of an on-going issue with the lawyers and that the price he was looking for was substantially more than that stated on the web-site (of course he would say that!).
(my mother, as a young girl in center with her mother and neighbors circa Easter 1954)
June 1995; Beirut, Lebanon; with women’s and
6. Smile more! True sign of prosperity is an unconditional smile on your face.
Mindful slow eating, or being aware and present while dining can have a huge impact on your waistline without necessarily changing what you eat. It takes about 20 minutes from when you first begin eating for your brain to become aware that your stomach is full. When is the last time a meal took you 20 minutes to eat and didn’t leave you adjusting your belt? The point is that when we eat quickly and we aren’t paying attention, we eat more calories than we need to in order to feel full. The University of Rhode Island has done several studies to back up this theory and found links between BMI and rate of eating and gender differences too. The first study they did in 2007 shows when asked to eat quickly until the point of fullness, their subjects ate on average 67 more calories per meal then when they were asked to eat slowly and the subjects felt hungrier after the fast paced meal. At three meals a day for one week that’s 1,407 extra calories. One year would mean 73,164 extra calories which makes up about 21 pounds. Pretty astounding, right? The great news is this information can be used to our advantage in the battle of the bulge.
But romance bleeds
Walk past
The mitten that points all ways.
In the realization of consciousness of change endured
I considered TONS of fun birthday themes for Camryn's Birthday this year and after driving Josh, a few of my friends, and myself crazy with options, :) I settled on BUBBLES! It is truly one of Camryn's LOVES, so it was PERFECT! I had Erin design the invite once again this year, and then went on the hunt for fun paper products, decorations and party favors. The BUBBLE theme really was too much fun! I quickly decided on pink and green as her colors and found tons of polka dot stuff everywhere, which worked great to simulate bubbles. And of course we went with Bubble Wands for party favors. :) For entertainment at the party, after deciding to have the party in our backyard, we went with Camryn's water table (birthday gift last year), her new slide (birthday gift this year), a self-made ball pit out of plastic balls and a blow-up swimming pool and TONS of BUBBLES! We decided to have the party on her actual Birthday, so it was on a Tuesday morning, making it mainly C's friends and their mommies who were able to attend. A few family members came to help corral the kiddos as well. :) We had pizza and cupcakes. Yum!
After the race I took a week off to let my body recover and now I'm in week 2 of training for the Fayetteville 1/2 Marathon!
One minute I’m happy and smiling then the next, well, all I want to do is climb into bed while crying around a mouth full of ice cream about how unfair life is and why doesn’t anyone love me! (Don’t ask)… Again, I have no idea what happened.
They do, because if they don’t….I don’t have time for them. I want a man, not a little boy.
1. I Do It For Your Love
1 location
Mr Coulson: I do not recall ever doing so. I do not recall any conversations specifically about Whittamore. I really do not think that I knew the name until it came out in the proceedings.
Nicole ignored Andrew from that point on, but Andrew didn't quite ignore Nicole. Andrew sent her emails, sometimes 2 or 3 a day, asking her to log on that night so he could apologize. Nicole never did, hoping the problem would just go away, but it didn't.
Georgia you have left a tremendous legacy here between the shelter and the food pantry. Your family and friends remember your kindness and wonderful heart.
Well, I started reading it tonight, in between trick-or-treaters and football plays. In the first few pages, I found all the reassurance I would have needed back when I was a newbie unschooling mom.
cents higher than it was a year ago. If this trend continues, the summer of 2011 will hit consumers much harder than in the summer of 2008 when prices soared above $4/gallon.
All books published in the series will be publicised widely and distributed internationally via co-operative arrangements among a prominent network of independent academic, activist, and publishing organisations, including Continuum Books, AK Press, the U.K. Anarchist Studies Network, the North American Anarchist Studies Network, and a range of other professional and activist groups and their associated websites and listservs. The general format of the series will be simultaneous hardback and paperback publication, with the latter priced affordably so as to reach as wide an audience as possible. All of the titles in the series will be published under a Creative Commons License (‘copyleft’). This distinctive feature of the series ensures that permission for non-commercial reproduction of the books will be granted by the publishers free of charge to voluntary, campaign and community groups.
I am convinced that it is this very perpetual motion that agitates the Earth's polar axis, rather than some fancy science talk about gravity, the Moon and ley lines. The Blind Watchman sets his Seiko by the opening times of The Swansea Jack, and you knows it.
1 tbsp. minced garlic – they sell jars of ready-to-use minced garlic at the supermarket
May I say that Pod gets my vote for Husband of the Year for the following reasons:
A recent post there, Affirmation Inspiration Strikes, ended up taking all of my weekend art time. I dropped all other projects cuz I just HAD to make myself one of these little rings of affirmation cards!
The truck and orange mat are both from the Cricut Boys Will Be Boys Cartridge. I have not used this cartridge a lot and wonder why I don't as there are a lot of very "boyish" images and very simple cuts and layers. The truck and all layers plus the orange mat were all cut at 3" and is found on p. 75 of the manual. The orange patterned paper is from Chatterbox and is called Happy Flutter. It had butterflies on the back but I never really liked the way it looked and thought that the orange went so well with everything else.
1. On the dating webside “beast-dating” there are 100 active users.
4Blessed are those who mourn,
Two chin hairs.
If this post has you thinking then consider this. If he was god why would he make that awful Titanic film? I mean children dying in Africa is terrible but that film was far worse than any of that.
Flowers : Floret Collection Thyme, Vivian Anastasia, Arcadian Collection Weathered, Arcadian Collection Violaceous - All by Prima Marketing
I prayed hard to be able to always smile
This is another one of Michelle Webster's patterns, the Curvy Clutch. It is sewn up in Little Black Dress by BasicGrey for their quilt market booth. I hadn't used this pattern before and I liked it very much (though it definitely looks better stuffed full of essentials or tissue paper than it does when empty!). I sewed the flap on backwards and had to use my seam ripper but that was completely my error, not due to the pattern! I was watching for the school bus at the time and was distracted.
It's a homey, hippy-ish neighborhood place: the kind with chalkboard menus, communal tables and newspapers, and warmth from the kitchen's ovens.
How do you lose a shoe in less than 1000 square feet?
though individual men new life have found.
My college roommate had a friend, we'll call him Z, who was football player at our school (one with a high-profile football program). He fit the college athlete stereotype perfectly. He thought he owned the school, always had girls throwing themselves at him, and had little regard for people and their property.
This limited edition trove contains twice the pampering at $35 and is only valid till 30 April. The trove is also applicable to gifting in Singapore.
Street and business clothes shopping for a petite, mid-life woman is a headache. The further I stray from big North American cities, the more difficult it gets because there’s just less choice. The caveat is: Unless I want to spend alot more money for properly fitted clothes without looking like a teenager.
"Are you mental?" Can't defend myself, Liam thought. Can't shape-shift. Trapped. Was stupid to have come here. A powerful need to run tightened his muscles. The reasonable part of himself knew he was over-reacting. Why was he so terrified of an Inquisitor and not the spotty boy with the Kalishnikov? Then it came to him. Loyalist hatred was mundane. Terrible as it was, he understood it. Loyalists hated anyone who wasn't a Loyalist. Every Irish Catholic knew that. He'd grown up with such things. On the other hand, murderous Inquisitors, demons, and Fey were aspects of a strange world he knew little about -- a world with rules he didn't know, a world he'd been dragged into against his will.There follows some delicious dialogue where Father Murray intimidates the Inquisitor into being less combative, through a combination of reasoning and rank. The first 50 pages then end with a tense conversation between Father Murray and his superior Bishop Avery, discussing how to make peace palatable to others in the Church. It seems likely that the right solution to this conflict may not be the feasible solution, which I expect will create a moral dilemma for both Father Murray and Liam.
Troy Crowder
Publishing their findings in the scientific journal Nature, they said: ‘We attribute this warming primarily to wind farms.
Their creations can be sumed up in one word; "Civilization".
It was like a mature Middle Earth. It was where I first heard of anti-rape devices being vaginally implanted, which, when raped, would close sharp teeth onto the invading penis, cutting it off. That haunted me in 8th grade, hehehe.
ground coffee beans. She let them sit and boil; without saying a word.
12Then all the meeting of the children of Israel, hearing this, came together at Shiloh to go up against them to war.
Once a person is accepted onto the Path of Probation, one becomes a student, which in the East is known as a chela. The chela will then be assigned under the guardianship of an elder Master like a mother hen taking her chicks under her wings. The Probationer will be assigned an initiate that will be their “Spiritual Companion.” During this time the chela becomes more and more consciously aware of the spirit being / Master soul’s “presence” within their magnetic field or aura. The chela’s awareness of the presence of the Master will increase as time goes on, all of which is the aim of laying the foundation of initiation to occur. Those who are not aware on this level are still a prisoner of the Darkness, you see.
So yeah.
Rick S: If you could recreate one of your favorite movies which one would it be and what actors currently still in the biz would be in it? Unlimited budget…
I am a bit more forgiving towards screenwriter John Logan. He claims to be a ardent Trek fan. At the time he was hired to write the script for Nemesis, he was coming off gladiator with Russell Crowe, which I consider one of the best movies of the decade. Baird’s biggest hit until this point had been US Marshals with Tommy Lee Jones. Not a bad movie by any stretch, but not the resume builder one would hope for in the director of a science fiction epic.
Feels like there’s just too many things that i want to say,
Ok, I must get going as another day is flying by!
Dear Agent,
Ultimate mai tai $19
Mead
gum and butts.
-Direct knowledge of circumstances
World citizenship
I smell a large rat.
I was pretty nervous going out to Ohio for the photoshoot, but it was a blast. My editor and the photographer were so professional and friendly. What a great team, full of thoughts, observations and ideas. I felt really comfortable with them and all the folks at F&W. It was definitely weird though having people watch me work and take notes. Yikes.
Like anything, (think Beyonce's baby news or Lauren and Mark from TOWIE), the novelty soon wears off.
The kits, containing swabs of semen, blood and other evidence, lay uncollected in public and private hospitals.
After diving into 3 of the 6 pack he brought, I am wishing this beer was one I could get my hands onto easier. Pours a nice amber color with a slight off white head. The smell isn't as strong as other IPA's but there is a hint of citrus fruit and hops. It was one of the better tasting IPA's I have had in awhile. A very nice blend of the malt, hops and bitter citrus finish. It was full of flavor but easily drinkable. I would very much recommend this beer to any IPA lover.
Then, Brandi went to Seattle–in driving distance and in proximity to free lodging for us. Then, she was in Reno/Tahoe–where I am from. Where my parents would love to see us and give us a place to stay for free. But both during the winter holidays when other people at work were off. Do you notice a theme here? Work ruins my LIFE! Gah–I’m sure everyone feels that way, but it’s annoying.
Since judging your own work is notoriously difficult, another test is to ask yourself a few questions:
Any rational review of the actual record in office in Central Government of members of these three parties should prevent a rational person voting for a representative from their rotten and corrupt ranks at all, I would have thought.
Oh! I also made the brooch! Variety!
perceived resemblance to their non-human counterparts”.
He was attacked by like 10 of those baby beholders. They threw a lot of magic at him but couldn’t finish him off, and all they ended up doing was making him mad. So as Jarvyk and I fought the two half orcs at the first floor, Ashton threw a fireball at the closely grouped beholder babies and fried them like catfish. Naturally, nothing goes easy for us as the explosion brought out the other ten guards on the ground floor. All I had to do was pretty much sit in one spot and let them run by one by one as I stabbed them dead. Oh yeah, Jarvyk helped too.
It was for this then small call center which had X-Box as one of its accounts. I wanted to be one of those guys you would call for cheats and stuff. Would’ve been fun. So, I went through the usual application processes and landed the job. But — there’s always a but — they didn’t put me in the X-Box account. They transferred me to Microsoft PC Safety where I would help people with virus problems, spyware and the like. Oh well.
That, so he informs me, is not too problematic – it can all be achieved in the morning but Nige is causing a bit of a fuss. He wants it done… now; the morning is inconvenient as that’s when he practices. And, once again, it’s the middle of the night.
I can read his books or watch videos, but being there, hearing him talk about the importance of compassion and humanity, was incredible. It is not likely to be an experience I will ever have again. Also, he was really funny! He told jokes and laughed at them. He really is a great human being.
This free Christian based home school spelling curriculum is based on the Dolch and Fry (sight word) spelling word lists. The Fry list is the 1,000 most used sight words that students need to develop in their vocabulary. The first three hundred words in that list make up more than half of all the written material contained in newspaper articles, magazines, text books, children’s books, stories, novels, and other written materials. I have arranged the spelling lists with a two hundred word count, which can be divided into groups of 10 to 20 words for about 10 to 20 weeks of work. I have added other words as well, including religious ones, to help round out the vocabulary. For preschoolers and kindergarteners, I recommend that you introduce the words about 10 at a time. First and second graders can probably handle 15-20 at a time, depending on their age and ability. Third and fourth graders should be able to handle 20 to 25 words at a time with no problem. If your child doesn’t know what a word means, let them look it up in a dictionary for vocabulary words. I recommend that your child write the words 5 times each to begin with. First graders and up should be able to put each word in a sentence, after that. Next a practice test should be given. Finally, any words missed in the practice test should be written an additional five times. The final spelling test should include both the correct words and the misspelled words from the practice test. You can carry over any misspelled words from the final test to the next test. Happy homeschooling!
11. Site plan of property 24
it bows and nods
As versatile as it is banging, ‘Brains’ dishes up classic raw house moments like ‘Twerk’ primed for the dancefloor and ready to go off, subtle electronic movers like ‘Dedication’. All together ‘Brains’ is an assault on the senses; one you want repeated again and again.
Hello and happy Monday stamping friends! I have a card to share with you all that I made with one of the new release stamps from Our Daily Bread Designs. It is kind of a rainy and gray day today, so I thought this little card would bring some sunshine. ;D Have a look and see for yourself what I mean.
Clear conscience? Mostly.
healing and rejuvenation does take place.
But let me add another piece to this ever-expanding story.
some of the scars of the past
One large frying pan with matching cover
He replied, “Dos veces.”
Why Titanic? What drew you to the topic?
We've been doing this for a few years now, and I have to say it has worked out really well. The kids still get a full stocking, and some presents on Christmas to give that special 'Christmas morning' feel. But gifts don't get lost in the mess, unused, and forgotten. Each gift is special on it's own day.
New Berkeley Scoring
each yesterday a lesson;
Even the director has done better. Daniel Mann has lensed Come Back Little Sheba, The Rose Tattoo, The Teahouse Of The August Moon, Butterfield 8, Our Man Flint, Willard (yes, the killer rat thing), and such well thought-of TV films as Playing For Time and The Man Who Broke 1000 Chains. But a movie like Matilda doesn't exist for talent. A movie like Matilda doesn't exist for acting. And a movie like Matilda sure doesn't exist for a good story. It exists for Matilda herself.
Here are a few ideas to get you started:
“I’m concerned about your arrival. I loved you before you are born but don’t you worry, I won’t follow people’s paths of caging children masked in protection. For even though everything about you is tiny: your size, experience and ability of expression, you are still a human and humans despise to be controlled. I will not abuse your smallness in an inhumane treatment. If I could, I would let you share in all decisions related to you.”
I am so glad I did not get rid of it.
In Matthew 11:28, Jesus said, “Come to me all who labor and are heavy laden and I will give you rest.” I can ask the Lord to carry my cross and to help me with all my burdens.
Location: Bürgerzentrum Köln-Ehrenfeld
Here's the great part: if it doesn't go my way, within 20 days of receiving the decision I can request a courtroom trial where I can plead not guilty, or request traffic school. If I don't like his decision, I can have another go at it to make it come out the way I want.
The billionaires of America moved to palatial estates in the Patagonian regions of Chile and Argentina to escape the radiation and the riots. They had sent their money overseas prior to the New Madrid quakes because they had already been told that the dollar was to be devalued.
Welcome you lucky bastards to those who regularly read my blog or have somehow stumbled upon this page by pure chance. It is your lucky day. For I am revealing three weeks in advance the ending of the FOX network series, House. As I have done so accurately previously with ABC Lost, NBC Persons Unknown, and NBC The Event, I offer this finale outline script detailing the end game of this popular series. Be warned, spoilers are ahead at the very first paragraph in this post. For those dying to know, read on and enjoy.
18. Le Feu
Many of you know of a great BEING by the name of Ark Angel Michael.
Something dark is preying on the glitz of the glamour set.
2. Agave wheat buns and sweet potato chipotle burgers in a tie
QRLQZ Blog (qrlqzblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Western readers will also take his words as a description of “fundamentalists”, for which they can find an analogy in Christian fundamentalists. Their inference — but not the author’s implication — is that there is a milder, more reasonable, more modern interpretation of Islam than the “literal” precepts of the hudud.
Kassi hates the idea of Abby’s death being thought of as a suicide, because “it denotes a whole different angle, an intent to it.”
Gappy Ranks - Nerious Joseph - Soul Rebe
The offer also applies to the four Fairtrade wines they've got on promotion. I haven't been that impressed by the Fairtrade wines I've tasted this year (see Saturday's column in the Guardian) but at these prices and for this good a cause you should give them a try.
Social Security is not sustainable over the long term at current benefit and tax rates. Beginning in 2010, the program is projected to pay more in benefits and expenses than it collects in taxes each year. By 2036 it is estimated that the trust funds will be exhausted. At that point, payroll taxes and other income will flow into the fund but will be sufficient to pay only 77% of program costs. As reported in the 2011 Trustees Report, the projected shortfall over the next 75 years is 2.22% of taxable payroll. (ss.gov)
I have found that, three months into my final bout with age three, things are going a little smoother this time around. I'm feeling a little more prepared, a tad more confident. I am grateful to know that they come out the other side and continue to grow and mature. That they won't act this way forever, and that I haven't done something to ruin them. I am no longer fearful of this behavior. Annoyed, of course! But, that's all. I've learned to go with the flow, and hold on to the good parts while letting the bad parts roll right off my back (...for the most part).
Now you need to add in your next image. To do this go the the "layers"tab and drop down to "import from file". Find the image you want to layer up when the files window opens and open it up. The new image probably won't be in the right spot so drag it where you want it to be.
Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte has called an agreement on austerity measures “a fantastic result”. Analysts had feared that if the government was unable to present a package of measures by Monday to bring down the budget deficit to three percent of Gross National Product, the Netherlands could lose its triple A credit status.
I was hoping with every last piece of my body that we'd get an email from the embassy.
NOTE FROM FWH: I do not suggest that the real Ben “Leon” Fulford uses drugs or makes a drunken fool of himself in public. I am not responsible for any claims made in this news story.
So know love
There is a lingering anger at being so obviously and deliberately misunderstood. But after all, why shouldn't I be misunderstood? In what spiritual bill was it written down, this inalienable right to be understood? It takes time to understand, and everyone is short on time. I am too. And the payoff to understanding me, when I am so confused and contradictory, is pretty small. Let it go. Let the wind blow the sand in snake patterns, sidewinding over the beach; let it ruffle the hair on my head.
I don't have a colored printer at school, so I'm using colored paper instead.
The management of FAAN has also been accused of a phony deal in the
What’s the one thing nobody knows about you? I did a lot of genetic research at major institutions in my teens. I wanted to be a scientist until I was subjected to listening to Rush Limbaugh all summer long in a lab I worked in.
Contentment seems to be one of those words that people either consider positive or they give it a negative connotation. It reminds me of complacency in that regard. Complacency has a negative connotation for many people and yet, when I look at the definition, contented self-satisfaction, I see it as a very positive place to be. I’d like to think that the same people who see complacency in a negative light also see contentment in that same negative light, since they are so closely related. I, however, am not one of those people.
As the Con Ed line supervisor or tree contractor's forester may not be able to commit to a negotiated agreement, I suggest that you contact the division head of Con Ed for distribution lines - Matt Glasser. If you must, go higher up the executive chain to top management (whose contact info can be discovered via web search.)
Should have updated ages ago. After this weekend’s outburst of posting I’ve been kind of exhausted from writing and thinking. Not to mention feeling. I feel better now. Have cleared most of the issues bothering me lately. Decided that there is very little I can do about anything so I will let it all be and get on with my life.
Trouble is, I’ve yet to hear a less-lewd label for a woman who tends to spend a fair amount of her social time with gay men, which is what I do.
3- How expensive are holidays?
When paying attention to the details of life . . .
I am looking towards September-ish to get these projects started. You see, in September a miraculous thing happens: My middle baby goes into kindergarten. Wowzers, how did that happen so fast? While I'm sure I'll be weeping like a baby that first day, it does mean a wee bit more time for Mom to tackle aforementioned to-do list...or at least I am hoping to get a bit more time =)
* Problems distinguishing the self from others
Tim Holtz On the Edge dies are some of my favorites. Here, I've used the Scrollwork die to create the base for a spring crown. I cut multiple strips from chipboard, then embossed them with silver embossing powder and Ultra Thick Embossing Powder. They are joined together with brads to form a crown. Now, the fun begins - embellishing!
Mind Games by Susan Kaye Quinn, author of Open Minds: Raf wants to take Kira—the only girl in school who doesn’t read minds—to the mindware Games, but his friends have other plans. (A short prequel to Open Minds.)
It's been a whirlwind of a week - one where I think I've been home merely to sleep, and then I'm off again the next morning, and I wouldn't change a thing about it.
561720 Janitorial services
I see lots of girl talk, cocktails, shopping and laughing till I cry in my very near future!
Meanwhile, a probe has been launched into rip-off hotel prices.
SPW’s goals are to (1) contribute to global policy debates about sexuality, and (2) promote more effective linkages between local, regional and global initiatives about sexuality.
Me: Do you mean, if your dad and I didn't have you would you still be somewhere else?
Williamson does have insurance but it only covers up to $1,000 a year. The partial dentures she needs are $8,500 but because she has insurance -- she's not eligible for dental assistance.
Ronnie Premiere is really Ronnie Barzyk who was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, on 11 August 1938. A white kid who grew up in a black neighborhood, Ronnie could write great songs very quickly and then sing them with soul. He sang for a local group called The Comic Books. Voice troubles forced him to quit singing in the mid-1960's. He moved from Milwaukee to nearby Merton. You might have heard him performing in the West Bend area in 1977 using the name Ron Bishop. In 1984 he moved to Nashville to become a cabinet maker.
Then there are guys at MobBase who are taking an active lead in helping artists re-think their online presence, especially on mobile.
After deciding on the preparation for the meat, there is always the dilemma of complimentary side dishes. Well, I threw caution to the wind and said, “To Hell with side dishes! I’m puttin’ this meat on a bed of greens and we are calling it salad!” So, that’s what I did!
-Cook rice according to package directions. Meanwhile, cook the chicken according to the package directions.
Rod is an important component of a fishing hobby, and if you've experienced is certainly not difficult to determine what type of rod that suits your needs, but for a beginner who just pursue this activity would still be filled with confusion when choosing the type of fishing gear about to be purchased. Although you are a beginner, you can try redington fly rods. Medium-Fast Action set up that's ideal for the fly angler who is just getting his toes wet.
The emotional highpoint of the story – its great tragedy – is the quiet death of a goose. (This results in a haunting image of said goose, stretched out on a dimly lit wooden floor, eyes closed, the shadow of a window frame cutting across its long neck.) As the goose dies, the household cat comes to sit with the dog, “for the first time since they’d known each other.” The dog licks the cat’s paw and “without even asking why” the cat had come over, “began to whimper.” In the background of the illustration of the dying goose, we can see this pair. Are they bereft? No, this is Chekhov: they have nodded off to sleep.
I haven't ventured too far from my usual local haunts in 2011: The Bull & Castle, Against the Grain, The Porterhouse, L. Mulligan. Grocer: chances are, that's where you'll find me. But we've seen an interesting development in Dublin pubdom this year. An increasing number of "normal" pubs -- some of them guidebook classics -- have started stocking beers from the independents. The bright green light on the O'Hara's IPA keg font is the most welcoming sight in any Dublin pub. It says "Yes, you can stay here for a drink".
In May 1976 with an influx of Malawi Asians into his Bermondsey constituency, Bob. Mellish, then Labours’ chief whip, told the Commons, “With 53 million of us we cannot go on without strict immigration control.”
I have no idea what form the debate will take. Will it be Oxford-style or Parliamentary or other? Will the audience be allowed to ask questions or are they merely observers? If the former, I do wonder if it will be hostile, because my experience with our young adults at uni are they are taught to be idealists and socialists rather than realists or free-thinkers. Not all of them, though. At least there will be refreshments, there is that...I think we can all agree that everyone from all walks of life loves refreshments.
Are tired.
The narrator was superb in this story. He enunciates well and with a British accent that was not too thick but just enough to make listening to his voice pleasurable. But I did find it difficult to concentrate on the audio, with my hands and eyes having nothing to do I had to force myself to concentrate on using my ears only. Which is difficult for this mind wanderer. I did enjoy hearing how some of favorite places were pronounced, as a sheltered American I have been butchering many British names and places in my mind. Oops.
counter top
We survived our first day on the road, and are feeling quietly pleased with ourselves. We caught the train from Cantani about 20 km to the next smaller town called Lentini…..ohhh another Barcalona goal missed. Although there were definitely signs of tumble weeds in the railway station, I could feel my heart beating a little faster as we wound our way uphill through the town. Good God, another miss by Barcelona.
4. On the chosen area for the new gardens, lay out cardboard so that it overlaps, or newspaper in thick layers, also overlapping, to prevent weeds from pushing up through. You are laying the paper or cardboard over the existing mowed lawn, and over the fertilizers.
I was going for a simple spring-pull ballista, while Jason had this idea for a torsion-axle trebuchet design. I really just banged about without much estimation, calculation, or design, building a wooden frame around a nicely-formed piece of aluminum scrap. The frame and shuttle was mostly done by yesterday evening, although there's a lot of work & thought required in figuring out the exact nature and details of the pull and latch mechanism. I'm thinking a simple latch hanging off of the shuttle, and a cross-bar just before the full extent of the spring, so that the latch can simply "drop" onto the bar when pulled back across the locking cross-bar during cocking. When the device is inverted and placed into firing position, the latch can easily be yanked down by cord, triggering the device.
After discussing the £105,000 per annum contractual payment to Mulcaire’s company, Mr Coulson was asked about other payments made to Mr Mulcaire. He told the court that there were other payments but these had happened “without my knowledge”.
These birds can easily be seen and heard anywhere near a river or stream. These birds can be good indicators of how healthy a stream is because they feed on mostly small fish and other aquatic creatures. (Image by C. Schlawe, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service)
I am really curious to know what the fans of the anime feel about this adaptation.
I hope and pray that none of my just-in-case pronouncements ever come true. I try to be thankful for every day that no devastation occurs in my little life. Yet, being grateful, too, is a nod to the awful possibilities; you see, if I didn't realize that with every tragedy, there by the grace of God go I, then I wouldn't have the sense to be grateful when I am spared.
Will sleep over and catch the tulip festival
Against my better judgment – and clouded by the youthful fear of being left alone – I followed her back and ignored and suppressed the true feelings in my heart. It was the wrong decision to make. My only real, and deepest regret. Coming back to London, we only lasted another few months.
Hour 7 (8pm)
The province insists any pharmaceuticals found in the sludge are at levels that meet safety standards, but critics are crying foul.
Coconut shredded - 1/4 cup
That means the probability of life existing in a band of perpetual twilight or "Goldilocks zone" (not too hot, not too cold) around the planet is high.
10am - 5pm
These separate storylines intersect at various points in the film, and Tarantino masterfully weaves in the missing details while providing an entertaining and humorous mix of dialogue and action.
I did have a very busy week last week - we can't just go to bed and complain about "woman-flu" hehe - women don't get poorly, right?! Got my haircut (finally), went to Derby (stressful) and had my eyes tested (about time). So my new glasses will be ready for pick-up on Wednesday which means I might be able to see a little better.
Later I dry hopped the beer with 1 oz whole EKG in the primary carboy after fermentation had completed. This did little aside from contribute a lot of hop particulates that made it into the bottles and float around like they are in a snow globe when poured. The hops floated on top and didn't seem to get submerged very far into the beer.
Klaatu manages to enlists Helen's aid, but Tom tells the authorities of the alien's location. Helen and Klaatu take a taxi to wait at Barnhardt's home until the conference. Klaatu tells Helen that if anything should happen to him, she must go to Gort and say, "Klaatu barada nikto." When they are spotted, Klaatu tries to flee but is shot dead. Gort awakens, killing two guards before Helen gives Klaatu's message to him. Gort gently carries her into the spaceship, retrieves Klaatu's corpse, and temporarily revives him. Klaatu steps out of the spaceship and addresses the assembled scientists, explaining that humanity's penchant for violence and first steps into space have caused concern among the other space faring worlds, who have created a race of robot enforcers like Gort and given them absolute power to deal with any violence. He warns that the people of Earth can either abandon warfare and peacefully join these other nations or be destroyed, adding that "The decision rests with you." He then enters the spaceship and departs.
Still, Jo said, she thought the book was a wonderful read because it was so well written, by which she meant that the prose was so beautiful, and Trevor agreed that the book was really great.
¤ Are you AGING faster than you should?
The iron isn’t working this morning, which is very annoying as I have a whole pile of Mr Young’s creased shirts to get through.
Once the milk is hot, this is where you add your flavoring. Susan's recipe uses two teaspoons of orange flower water. However, I wanted just a teensy bit more orange flavor, so I added 1/8 tsp of Pure Orange oil. Perfect.
He got himself kicked off of campus permanently last month because they were fighting and he was punching stuff. I think he even damaged something in her room. I know this because I was the one who made the call to security and I was listening in.
And they
Really? So that makes Thanksgiving, my superbowl. And if it that is true, I stuck the landing:-) (I guess that is an inappropriate sports reference but it sounded good right?)
While the fashion show was going on, things got pretty quiet. So that's when I did my "networking" - visiting vendors I've known for years, sampling cupcakes, taste-testing decorated chocolates, collecting free pens and nail files, sniffing florists' bouquets...
My first card is of course a Bella card! Stamping Bella being my first non-SU! stamp ever!!! I actually made this a set of 5 and am going to try selling them. I'm opening up a little booth at a antique mall in Lumberton and I'm hoping it does well....I guess we shall see soon enough!
Rating: 2/5 stars
Creative Kuts and Scrapping Bug Designs are offering an AMAZING couple of grand prizes also. Creative Kuts will be awarding one lucky winner a $100.00 Cash for their grand prize. Scrapping Bug Designs will be offering one lucky winner a $100.00 in free files. How about that?? Isn’t that awesome!!
There it was. The start to a really messed up day.
I like the rhythm and the imagery.
Critics have also blamed the 2000 film Kevin And Perry Go Large, starring Harry Enfield as 'Kevin the Teenager', for encouraging the practice. In the film, actor Rhys Ifans plays a character called DJ Eyeball Paul, who performs the stunt in nightclubs.
As I wax and wane in my ability to cope with the pressures of learning a new langauge and culture, with finding my way in a post-employment world, and in fighting the self-deprecator in my head who tells me I can’t write worth @#&%!, I remember the Moon.
“Oh, yes, on account of its healing properties,” she said.
So we went for a fairly safe bet – a Chocolate Fudgy Cream Cake. The secret to this baby is simply loading it with chocolate – no one really cares about the quality of the baking if its chocolatey enough. Required ingredients:
The wines here are very good and the trip down is only about an hour from our house! We have also made friends with the owner and employees so we enjoy coming for the company and a great glass of wine!
She calls this "speed painting" and has it done in under an hour. I'm guessing it's an exercise designed to increase skill? Wow! You must visit her blog and see the pretty Blue Jay too. Jessie also has her art posted on this site here. Really, this amazing person is my child?
Eurostar are going to investigate.
Source: Wal-Mart
Catherine xo
More details about our EDD Audit service can be found on our website www.em-solutions.co.uk/environmental_due_diligence or for any enquiries please contact our Head of Environmental Management Rebecca Chapman on 0114 272 2270 or email: rchapman@em-solutions.co.uk.
Will I have to wear shoes with straps everywhere, all the time? What if shoes with straps go out of style? How the heck do YOU keep shoes on your feet?
( Insert being very thankful for a husband who helps so much around the house)
The prize is this gorgeous 6 x 6 Dovecraft 'Tea House' paper pack
Parsifal (who seems to have fell through the crack at the end of Act One and landed in Klingsor's domain) is attracted to the Maidens, fascinated by them. They instead play the game of seduction that is stagewise quite impressive: the crack in the back between two walls opens wider and is accompanied by a sensual video imagery. All Maidens slip away, leaving only Kundry behind them, Kundry whose task is to seduce Parsifal.
(Glad then, we didn't miss...)
Writing is a word we use very strangely.
Well as all of you artists out there know, having the 'Artist is your life' badge entails SO much more than just standing in front of your easel. I won't go into it all, we all know what I'm talking about. But when I look back at a time like this and realize that it's been nearly 3 weeks since I finished a painting, it makes me wonder where it all went.
My first stop was the second-hand Loli/Goth/Punk/VK shop Closet Child Shinjuku. We arrived a little while before it opened, and there were a few lolis waiting around outside. I started on the highest floor, selling punk and gothic items. Next was the Lolita floor, and that was getting very busy! I found two blue velvet jumperskirts on the sale rail, one Metamorphose and one Emily Temple Cute. I have always wanted a blue velvet dress, and these were both so nice!
We have a typical 2 level home that was recently and beautifully renovated in nearly every single room with lots of help. However with depleted funds after the reno, I was forced to get ultra creative with my decorating in order to furnish it.
My Queen does not concern herself with the love affairs of others.
So we lived according to his bachelor rules of frugality through my master's degree, my couple of years working, and his job change to the private sector, which also brought a small bonus of stock options. Nothing astronomic, our earnings ... maybe we had two years in six figures, as a couple. But we put most of it away, or into assets that would hold their value or appreciate.
Ancient practice had infants receiving Holy Communion (under the form of wine) after baptism. The Latin Church discontinued the practice in the twelfth century. Of all the Eastern Catholic Churches, only the Copts have preserved this venerable tradition, while all the Orthodox, — to their credit — also have. (page 269)
What began as an annual pre-Christmas pork fair in front of Notre Dame, has turned into one of the largest, most well attended, antique flea markets in France.
then to all the Apostles.
We managed to stay out of trouble, drank water, ate popcorn, did not drool(with all the gorgeous men in the room I consider that a victory) or trip on the red carpet!
It's often a sobering account. Free of most of the spiritual tinge of his comrade's eloquent version, Schaller prefers a stoic, more stolid perspective. He admits when at the Shey monastery where Matthiessen sought to see the snow leopard his own moment of transcendence: "There is no ultimate knowing. Beyond the facts, beyond science, is a domain of cloud, the universe of the mind, ever expanding as the universe itself." (243) Yet, this passes too, and he knows how "such reflections recur in high and lonely places."
A friendship I cannot repair, so I find closure, I move on
I don't really call that luck...
So I try to weave displaced truths.
A new Rudolf Steiner inspired Waldorf Kindergarten opens its doors this coming Wednesday, Oct 4th at the Oakdene School in Bear River. We will be visiting these children with our observation hive and quite looking forward to introducing the children to the bees.
Yesterday, I was watching a cute little 2 1/2 year old. This was our conversation at about lunch time: (well, what I could understand of it anyway)
Now, if we were for sure going to do a shunt surgery, then I would have grumbled but come back on Wednesday and just stayed. But I just wanted to talk to the guy about our options. There is no way I am making this trip again. Oh, Maria knew I was mad. She told me to call the next day and ask to speak with only her. Um, no way. And at this point Nate was barely holding it together after a long day, and we just had to get out of there. I was just floored by the whole situation. It was one of those times that are so ridiculous that you know God has to be doing something here, ya know? This has never happened before. And I don't know what God has up his sleeves, and honestly I'm a little bit ticked about it! :) But we left. And somehow I got turned around on a back road--which is really odd because I always take the same way out of town and never get lost--and somehow I ended up at the side entrance of the apartment where I lived when I was pregnant with Nate during the MOMS study! What? So somehow I ended up back at the beginning. I still don't get God sometimes.
The problem of moral luck can be simply stated: what role should luck play in the moral assessment of someone’s actions, accomplishments, failures, achievements and so on? Luck can be roughly defined as any action, event or state of affairs that is outside the control of the person being assessed. In his analysis of the issue, Nagel identified four main varieties of moral luck. They are (taken from the SEP article):
You'll take on any kind of fiction huh?
Ok let’s get down to the questions!
through the sheets of clouds,
Staying with Fulci, and moving onto the Glasgow Frightfest bash which will be held Feb 26th/27th. Fulci fans will surely be excited by the promise of fully-restored, re-mastered and LONGER cut of A LIZARD IN A WOMAN'S SKIN.
Our problem is that we don’t consider what Jesus thinks should be our top priority. No doubt that feeding others is important. But didn’t Jesus multiply loaves and fishes for thousands of hungry people? God knows what we need better than we do. When we prioritize according to faulty standards, we show that we don’t always value the things Jesus values.
Many of you have seen and adore my Treasury Tuesday features. These are Etsy treasuries, translated into HTML tables so that they can easily be allied to this WordPress blog. While I could construct these tables on my own if I wanted to, I cheat a little bit and let Red Row Studio make up the basic code for me to begin with. Now, because my blog column is 470 pixels wide, the best fit is a 3 column treasury, which leaves one odd item dangling at the bottom. To eliminate this awkward balance, I can go into the end of the code and delete the last table row, or “tr”. I also add the align=”center” to the table properties so that the tables are nicely centered in my blog posts.
Entry : Free
And now onto another random thought of perfection and time management. At home French manicures... I love a French.. I think they are classy and always appropriate. I work in one of those jobs where I'm TECHNICALLY not supposed to do my nails and I never feel like I'm crossing a line when I have a French going on. One of my favorite combinations is OPI's Princessess Rule!! with white tips. I love Princesses, but I feel like it is lacking something when I wear it alone.
That’s why mediators are awesome, but in order for mediation to work, both parties have to agree to respect each other and the mediator.
Of a lifetime of surrender,
“I AM THE BEST”. When doing photoshoots, I have to do it feeling like “I am the best” and I have to take pictures with good expressions so I choose this song.
Unpretty TLC
Change C8 to 1uf 250V Metal Film capacitor of Audio Quality
Moses and Josie both died in February of 1948. Josie had “worked herself ill” caring for Moses (who possibly had Alzheimer’s or some kind of dementia) and he died 4 days later. They had a double funeral service and were buried at Palestine Cemetery. It’s something that my Grandmother remembered clearly. She wasn’t able to attend the service because she’d just had her first child.
Thank you all who still came and payed me a visit, I so appreciate all of you. I have recovered from having to get the pacemaker for the most part, but it all kinda kicked me hard. You guys have all been so helpful in my recovery by always being there.
She ended up wearing more than she ate, I think.
Although there are many great examples of social media gone right, people can also be misinformed. Many state, government, and local organizations have used social media as a way to disseminate important information regarding emergencies or disasters happening in the area, but sometimes outside sources may misinform the public in their attempt to help. During disaster response and emergencies things can happen so quickly and drastically that this may cause this misinformation.
Well, I am completely impressed with the colors she chose and on which walls each went.
3) Let your canvas dry. If you're a free wheelin' come as you are type person, you can skip this step. If you're a little more controlling and lean toward the perfectionist side of the scale...lay out your buttons in the shape you want. This ensures that not only will you have enough buttons, but your shape won't be lopsided.
CENTIPEDE (above right)
Have a great weekend, everybody and remember: no Sunday night eBay auctions!
We had our first few dates uneventfully and word soon spread that little John was courting Lydia Nissley. The one boy, Henry, had asked her numerous times to go courting didn't seem very happy with the news but he didn't want to do anything especially not at the bishop's house.
I'm sorry... I want to give them to him, but you are NEXT!
~ Roger Hodgson/Supertramp
Could you help me find cashews? My wife does this so much better than I do.
You’re the Louvre Museum.
Manuela unearthed the compass from her breast pocket and let it point Westward
In fact the buyers did come back at me, but many years later. This timeframe I’m blogging about today is March 2003. It was two full years later, March 2005 when I got served papers at my home for the deposit of $25K. I of course consulted with a lawyer, and I countersued the boat broker I’d started this whole deal with in May 2005 to cover all my bases. Lots of documentation was needed which I thankfully had, my chronological list of events was invaluable and after much dallying around, it finally went to discovery.
Happy Monday Crafters! I'm starting off this week by continuing the theme of Valentines Day projects. I saw this cute love design on the B is for Boy cartridge. It was a totally unexpected find on a boy cartridge. :) The O was originally on the design. I just hid it and put a heart from the Designers Calendar in it's place. The colors and the striped design paper are from the Buccaneer Imagine cartridge. I love the dark color of red on this cartridge. My fave!
Dark Metropolis sequel: I had huge problems with this book at first because, as I said, initially I didn't want to revisit the world. But now it's been starting to click and become exciting for me, and the other night I had a dream about one of the characters, which, for me, can be a HUGE piece of the writing puzzle (see Magic Under Stone!). Also this is the first time I've gotten to work on a sequel while still doing edits on the first book, which is kind of a cool thing! Working on one compliments the other, and vice versa.
Journalists should be free of obligation to any interest other than the public’s right to know.
As I mentioned Sunday morning, Cathy needed some smart, elegant accessories and she needed them fast. Rather than make a beeline for Bergdorf's, El Cheapo (that's me) ran over to the Chelsea flea market and tried to magnetize whatever was needed. As if by magic, every item appeared!
Hooray for God! There is nothing we can do good or bad to stop him from accomplishing his will if we believe in him. And whether we believe or not he cannot deny himself.
than the image was to long in the machine because we tolk to much.
When I saw Bigbang (one of my favourite bands) perform in animal suits
These aren’t school-issued “behavior tickets” that send disruptive students to the principal’s office. These are Class C misdemeanor tickets issued by real police officers assigned to schools. And, they are sending thousands of Texas students -- some under the age of 10 -- to adult criminal court each school year to face fines of up to $500, community service, and court costs.
Of course nothing was said in clear text, but camouflaged in diplo-speak and the usual EU mumbo-jumbo. For example, see this press release, where commissar Viviane Reding had opened the front in July (Luxembourg) with these words:
To finish off my card I punched the bottom of my chocolate chip card stock using my eyelet border punch, added my ribbon, and finally my happy birthday sentiment.
A lot of the discussion was about stuff that I’ve already gathered and been using, in terms of drawing characters partly from other literary models, partly from people you know in real life, and partly from your own imagination, and about what makes a good character, how to outline or interview a character before you write, how to describe a character or reveal their personality to the reader. I wrote two fun little exercises, both tied into ‘The Scroll’ universe, one a minor character based on an old work colleague of mine, and one discovery scene for Emelia Collins.
2. Stamp the sentiment (this time I took out the border) twice onto white cardstock and then cut out with circle punches of your choice (This time, punched it out with a 1 3/4" punch). and then punch out some larger circles to mat it on. Sponge the edges and cut out the peppermint on the sentiment (the sentiment was stamped twice) to put on dimensionals and pop up over the peppermint on the sentiment that was punched out.
Table A-10 in Appendix A provides a summary of the primarily nonradioactive constituents of the Pinellas Plant plume in Largo, FL. Due to its location in a highly populated area, the Pinellas plume is among the most dangerous of all DOE complex plumes due to its proximity above and possibly within the principle aquifer in Florida, the Floridian Aquifer. The exact nature and extent of groundwater contamination is not known at this time. (pg. 163).
her hands and said, “I’m ugly!”
areas) the number of books, and means of obtaining them shipping and other logistical plans status of the project—-is it already underway, or just
What do you like to do as a hobby other than knitting and crochet? Do any of you paint?
Here in Cornwall it is promising to be a much brighter and drier day as the sun is already shining, unlike yesterday which was dull and damp all day. Sadly, I have to go to work today, so won't see much of the sun. I hope you have a wonderful day, wherever you are and whatever you have planned.
Original post starts here (8/15/2011)…
Jericho Solus Blurb:
Daddy lives a couple of miles away, but he shows up quite often on Saturday mornings with a box of donuts....for no reason, whatsoever. He loves to come over and have dinner with us and he and Ed get along famously. Since I live on his way to HEB, he stops by en route quite often. Sometimes he just drops off the newspaper or coupons he has collected for me and visits for a minute. But, I love getting to see him on a regular basis.
“Do I look like I’m joking?” Reilly had to admit he looked pretty convinced about what he was saying.
The pope said that this would damage marriages.
I could drive through Gore, I just wouldn’t look around too much. I’d have to watch my wallet if I stopped in Shadyside or Panhandle. People in those towns are probably down on their luck.
Next time when we do the second set of Jan Eaton Squares, PLEASE do your best to get the Squares 6" (15cms x 15cms). This applies to any Square sent to SIBOL. When the Squares are all such different sizes it takes me so much longer, and then I tend to get bored with it. (If you know what I mean!).
just for sydney.
Evil Freaking Tears. Enough already. Enough with the Evil Freaking Tears.
Ralph Humphrey – drums
Removing all dictators,
Mark: Can you use your own brand of Sestosterone to keep your friendship with Lisa and Johnny alive? Special weapons include magic box and moving lighter and patented “baby face.”
Have you ever thought if you are living the life you deserve? Do you think you really are alive, or are you just living?
Lets connect thing together:
Barbara Lynn: Oh! Baby (We Got A Good Thing Goin')
I think you should give your members and guests once a month or year the super-chance to improve their handicap. Why not consciously and with announcement ease the course? The tees in the tee boxes to the very front, the flags in the middle of the green, mark broadly GUR, cut widely critical fairway bottlenecks etc. But also involve your Pro who exclusively explains how to play the course best before teeing off.
You just can’t explain to someone who’s never had one just how debilitating a panic attack is. Or how it feels (like you might die). And how long it takes to recover from one (hours). Or how you know that your reaction is completely irrational given the situation, but it doesn’t matter. There is no rationality in panic attack mode.
For a complimentary dessert that can help you get in a serving of fruit, I have another ridiculously simple and fool proof recipe for you guys, that I actually made for the first time on Mother's Day and have made for myself probably twenty times since then!
The ambience is great too – the room is nothing to write home about, but it had a great cosy, neighbourhood feel, and you still feel a little like you are in on a great secret by being there. It’s small, busy and bustling. They take reservations but you can just walk up – if they don’t have free tables you can stand on the stairs for a drink whilst you wait.
A nine-hour flight on a cramped little Delta plane dumped us in an unseasonally warm and sunny Minneapolis at 1pm local time (it’s the first March since records began, that there has been zero snowfall here), and it was straight on to a rental car, and a battle with the sat-nav, to find our way to Uncle Edgar’s Mystery bookstore where mystery connoisseur, Jeff Hatfield, was waiting with a pile of some eighty books for me to sign.
I believe I am forgiven.
In the book The Marriage of Likeness: Same-Sex Unions in Pre-Modern Europe, gay Catholic historian named John Boswell proposed that the Church, far from considering homosexuality a sin, actually allowed same-sex unions. In a ritual called adelphopoiesis, literally "making a brother", two men would be joined in a spiritual bond. There would be a religious ceremony, the trading of gifts, a kiss, and a big feast with their friends. Boswell does not claim this was gay marriage, rather a same-sex union that was probably chaste.
Early in 2010, AfriForum Youth sent a formal letter to FIFA, requesting that the name of the Peter Mokaba Stadium in Polokwane be changed. The FIFA 2010 World Cup Tournament is taking place in South Africa this year. Peter Mokaba was a racist instigator, a promoter of ethnic violence and an HIV-denialist. FIFA refused. Thereafter, AfriForum Youth kindly requested that FIFA remove the glorification of Peter Mokaba from their website and that FIFA commemorates the victims of brutal farm attacks and HIV/Aids during World Cup games.
repeated the process with remaining meringue in 2 successions, but this time, folding more slowly and carefully so as not to deflate it too much and destroy the meringue structure
GRAFFITI MOON by Cath Crowley
Today was the first day in a long time that we did not have to run here there and everywhere. I think my brain started to clear. I got caught up on house work and had some quiet moments while working to reflect. My brain works best when my body is busy. It has been so long since I had a moment like that. You know, comfortably busy but not rushed. So refreshing. It was also refreshing to have clean toilet bowls and dust free bedrooms.
this is to confirm that the rumours of my death have been greatly exaggerated, I've just been so busy with real life and my blog pays the price. am writing this in a rare spare moment before I rush to meet with my mom in south ken (planning on checking out the hummingbird bakery, about time!).
pick right back up & enjoy our time. AMEN!
‘Comprachico’ has been adopted as pejorative term used for individuals and entities who manipulate the minds and attitudes of children in a way that will permanently distort their beliefs or worldview. Twentieth century philosopher Ayn Rand referred to educators of the time as ‘the Comprachicos of the mind’ in her article ‘The Comprachicos.’ Her criticism was targeted especially toward educational progressivists, but also grade-school and high-school educators.
“When this center is imbalanced you may have headaches, dizziness, eyestrain or decreased concentration.” Pg 175 “Some may have difficulty conveying ideas or understanding the ideas of others. Many times these people are controlling and perfectionistic.” Pg 175
1. Admit our problem. James 1:14 “ A man’s temptation is due to the pull of his own inward desires. Our nature is always defensive and pushing the blame either to the situation or someone else. Ever heard this familiar phrase “the devil let me do it”
“Fatal,” I said. A Safe Place has cost us all dear, and I’ve seen scraps break out between random teens in the library over Facebook so resonance was there.
(and if your lady, well, you know what I mean ha ha).
i - makes the "ih" sound as in the English word "pin"
*What is the last heavy item you lifted? I'm a girlygirl, I don't work like that.
Chef shook his head in disbelief as he gazed at the caption 'Chicago Chicken' on the classics menu.Classic from where??Its a British pub classic of course.
And just when I thought I'd heard it all in relation to finger prints, I got this, "I need to get my finger prints test, do ya'll do that?"
*that sweet little niece. Oh my but she is a joy to be around. my little siblings are all grown up and i have forgotten how dear and precious babies are...and how quickly they learn. Amazing.
Jan Dean
dreamt blood.
Givers – Up Up Up (Glassnote)
This was totally inspired by those cute forwards circulated around, with loads of goodness in it.... Those very cute unusual friendships, that takes a long long time to set off among human beings... But that does not stop us from being inspired by these unusual captures.... Hence with friendship day around the corner, ICRC7, has all been inspired by these unusual bonding's..... And here is my inspiration..... :)
4) Family who calls me and wants me to feel guilty about some stupid shit.
If hitting is wrong, it should feel wrong for you
Leaning back
The narrator of this WWII historical thriller is a coward, a quisling, a traitor to her country. She has caved under pressure (okay, you might call it torture) from her Gestapo captors and blabbed everything she knows about wireless codes and English military secrets. The real Resistance prisoners she’s held with spit on the ground when she walks by.
P.s. sorry for the total lack of image. I'm posting from the Houston airport. On my iPad. And my ish is giving me fits...
The Fibershed Project follows the making of the garment, from befriending the sheep or llama that the fiber originates from on its farm, to growing and wild-harvesting the plants that are used in the dying process, to dying, spinning and hand processing the garment. As an ecological restoration educator, textile artist and author, Rebecca was the perfect person to push the idea of creating a wardrobe from local and sustainable fibers and show how it would be a greatly rewarding experience. She has connected with various artisans, farmers and supporters to help her realize her goal.
This was actually a really, really hard decision. Here’s why I felt I couldn’t have something this good:
The first lesson in A Course in Miracles says “Nothing I see in this room means anything”, and you’re supposed to look around the room at whatever you happen to be looking at, and you say “this doesn’t mean anything”, “that doesn’t mean anything”. What is the purpose of a lesson like that? It’s a little bit like re-creating what can happen during the dark night of the soul. It’s the collapse of a mind-made meaning, conceptual meaning, of life… believing that you understand “what it’s all about”. With A Course in Miracles, it’s a voluntary relinquishment of the human mind-made meaning that is projected, and you go voluntary into saying “I don’t know what this means”, “this doesn’t mean anything”. You wipe the board clean. In the dark night of the soul it collapses.
It's about living a life of faith. It's about putting into action those things I believe. As it says in James 2:26 "faith without works is dead." I may believe in being honest but if I do not practice it, my faith benefits no one. No matter what principles I believe, if I don't live those principles my faith in them will mean nothing. And proclaiming belief while living in opposition to that claim does not teach faith to my children.
Oh, and of course there’s the “Ask Dayton” segment, which continues unabated for reasons surpassing all understanding. This week’s question? Behold, yo:
History points out to us that decisive developments and events are not simply the children of coincidence, they are brought about at the hands of ruling elites throughout the ages.
It was excellent to observe so good-sized an audience for this Linbury lunchtime recital. Alas, it was considerably less than excellent to have to endure a number of persistently distracting noises-off – moaning, groaning, sometimes even shouting – from someone above. Whatever the reasons, and it may well have been that someone was ill, action should have been taken earlier by someone responsible. It was a pity, but ultimately music and performance won through.
Walnut Brewery Indian Peaks Pale Ale
A few panels worth listening to:
They did not merely sell the machines and walk away.
Introduction to Film
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 22, Waterloo Records, 5pm-Storyville- With guitarists David Grissom and David Holt, the Double Trouble rhythm section of Chris Layton and Tommy Shannon, and the high energy vocals of Malford Milligan, a Storyville show, along with lots of free Saint Arnold beer, is legendary.
Poor Me and Ted by Kate Joney
I mean, “Why would anybody rather be truly free than to live semi-free as we live now?” Or, “Why would anybody rather be Bill-of-Rights type free than live in, say, a European welfare state?” Why isn’t it enough to be relatively free? Freer than people in, say, Kenya or Saudi Arabia or even the UK or Massachusetts (sorry, Taxachusettsians).
The specific episode in which Dominica was featured is #5622 aired on May 1, 2012. Zahfeh is currently looking for any video featuring this show and will post the link as soon as it becomes available.
God Bless You in Your Study of His Word.
yea, and to hear the misrepresentations of our own brethren. Those that we
“Hah!”Junsu gasp again when someone whispers in his era so suddenly from behind. He turns around and sees Yoochun smiling but worried is clear in his eyes. Yoochun break the cage easily with his hand and wrap his coat on Junsu’s body.
And let me tell you how insane it is that a .67 cent kit-kat cost $4.00!! How crazy is that.
The front seats do a great job of wrapping your entire body courtesy of generous lateral and thigh support. The roofline might be swooping in the connecticut acura dealers is possible. Yes, the chicago acura dealers in its class right now. Just like the connecticut acura dealers of the connecticut acura dealers and it shows up with the connecticut acura dealers out some of this gearbox anticipates the connecticut acura dealers next town, however.
Deal mobile phones come with many maximum in addition to away optimum programs besides a large quantity of voice and wording communication gives. The very best factor together with agreement cell phone specials is always that they offer you the actual revolutionary 3G suitable mobile phones with regard to quicker World-wide-web admittance. Now, buying any large conclude contract mobile phone you can obtain the gain connected with video clip calling capabilities and also enjoy the experience connected with talking face to be able to face. In addition, virtually the many contract cell phones have got most up-to-date attributes such as Bluetooth, GPRS, WAP and also Wifi. It is possible to subscribe your own contract cell phone offers from different network companies such as O2, T-mobile, Virgin and also Vodafone etc. Therefore, what do you think you’re ready pertaining to? Sign up the actual contract cell phone offer that will greatest satisfies your current budget.
Theolphilus
O God, we thank you for this earth, our home;
Challenges:~
Sorry. Those appear to have been cut down to extinction, as a play on the Australian “tall poppy” syndrome. Any Republican who shows signs of centrism, of humanity, of playing well with the Democrats, whoosh! Lopped off at the knees.
INXS Suicide blond AUS
World Wildlife Fund: My name is Amanda, so naturally my favorite animal growing up was a panda bear – so original. Before Ieven understood what WWF was, my clothes and stuffed animals had the panda logo. Now whenever I see the iconic panda bear, I understand that the items I am purchasing and the event or program that it’s sponsoring is helping raise both awareness and funds for the Earth’s wild life. While unfortunately its initials are linked to those of the World Wrestling Federation, the organization has created a brand that successfully differentiates the two, and blows the other organization out of the water. With a mission statement reading “building a future in which people live in harmony with nature,” the brand this organization wants to portray is clearly understood, and very admirable. I think a great thing WWF does to promote its brand is enable people to get involved in any way they want, helping ensure their mission is carried out.
If you think about it, it makes perfect sense that sight impaired or blind knitters would need written instructions in order to knit lace, or to knit anything for that matter. As I understand it, there are readers available on many computers for this purpose, and if not, some knitters will engage sighted people to read the pattern to them as they knit, or record the pattern instructions for later playback, an ingenious idea! I am reminded of Lucy Neatby's recent writing about how hard it is to keep your attention where it belongs, on your knitting, while at the same time trying to focus your eyes on multiple things (chart, pattern, knitting) and all the while, manage to knit a complicated pattern. Lucy recommends recording yourself reading the lines of the pattern instruction at the speed you like to knit so you can keep your eyes and your attention on your knitting. Brilliant.
Should writing not be the same? Should we, as readers, not expect to be moved by the prose spread before us? Should writers not strive for this?
The harmful consequences which, as I envisioned in my concurring opinion, would come to pass should the said executive orders be immediately declared null and void, are still real. They have not disappeared by reason of the fact that a special session of the Congress is not now forthcoming. However, the remedy now lies in the hands of the Chief Executive and of Congress, for the Constitution vests in the former the power to call a special session should the need for one arise, and in the latter, the power to pass a valid appropriation act.
What makes the Rifleman Dread so good? Autocannons aren’t that scary, right? Riflemen Dreadnoughts have a purpose – take out enemy vehicles AV 12 or less. Anything over that is a job for the Meltas. 4 shots that are twin linked are pretty darn reliable to hit. Str 7 vs AV 12 doesn’t sound great, but consider you should be hitting 3-4 times, so odds are you’re doing a point of damage. And, you can start tagging opponents across the map turn 1 too. And after you kill his vehicles, you’re probably inflicting 3-4 wounds on a unit as well. The Dreadnought can also take twin linked Lascannon and Missile Launcher for 145pts (what a lot of people take as it comes in the plastic kit.) For 20 extra points you lose two shots. Overall, the Missile Launcher and the Autocannons are a push for tank busting, though in this case the Autocannons are twin linked so it’s actually in favour of the Rifleman. The twin-linked Lascannon is slightly better than the twin-linked autocannon, but is it 20pts better? I don’t think so.
3. Who would you like to be?
I’ve mentioned that I try crazy, wonderful, different therapies. Accepting that I need to do what I want despite how I think others might feel and wiping out that indecisive voice inside of me, is all a part of it. I have counted five people out there that have said that I am courageous for trying to make a dream into a reality instead of staying in a stable job and complaining about not knowing what to do or being unhappy. Thank you, five people. But I couldn’t get to that mindset alone. I knew I had it in me but after being programed to think one way since before I was born was really hard to change. I have had lots and lots of help to pull this courage out from inside of me. They’re only my coaches, helping me to get into the best shape my body, mind and soul can be in.
Jews tend to identify people they hate for specifically jewish reasons as jew-haters.
have learned to be whole..
I refused to break my stride, anger and disgust uniting to leave me bullheadedly striding past, having to pass within a couple of feet of him. All I could think (I'm a practical girl) is that if he 'climaxed' on my black dress as I was walking past, I'd be really pissed off.
do dangerous. Smart, über-careful, ordinary Samantha-that's me. But I just couldn't pass up a surprise kiss from my number-one unattainable crush. A kiss that did something to me...something strange. Now I feel hungry all the time, but not for food. It's like part of me is missing-and I don't know if I can get it back. Then there's Bishop. At first I thought he was just a street kid, but the secrets he's keeping are as intense as his unearthly blue eyes. If he's what I think he is, he may be the only one who can help me. But something terrifying is closing in, and the one chance Bishop and I have to stop it means losing everything I ever wanted and embracing the darkness inside me.... NIGHTWATCHERS When angels and demons must work together,
Here's comes the bride when he walked through the door
What do you think about this?
This is a tough one for me, because I like Clint Eastwood (more on that later), and Hilary Swank was definitely great, as was Morgan Freeman. Million Dollar Baby is a really excellent movie. This just happened to be a year where there were a ton of excellent movies out there, and if I’m being honest, I don’t think it was the best one.
But I am going to give you one of my favorite reasons.
The worship teams were well prepared and we enjoyed those moments. BUT the sermons were unbelievably and indescribably encouraging to me. My pastor ordered the DVD set for me so I can watch them over.
"Thus spoke the Mother of God herself to Bernadette Soubirous at the Grotto of Massabielle near Lourdes, France, on February 24, 1858, the eighth time that she had appeared there to Bernadette Soubirous, the first being on this very date one hundred fifty-two years ago...
My legs hurt so bad. I'm sooo tired and hurt sooo much, I could cry. Then thinking about my schedule the next week and a half, I want to cry. I want to give up, but we know I won't. I'm just hoping it will get easier once my body gets used to the walk.
No ranged weapons?? Oh you douche! You know my affection for catapults and trebuchets, don’t you? Mmm… siege weapons… Anyway, my top three weapons of choice would be: a mace, a halberd, and a chainsaw.
B-B-B-Baby I th-th-think my pie needs more gravy
Suicide is everyone’s concern, it’s on the rise in our youth and our elderly. The present economic climate is adding to the stress and depression and suicide rates are on the increase because of that too. The world is a very chaotic place right now, much intolerance, much hatred and much fear – this too needs healing to take place. WE can all make a difference, one person truly can make a difference, we can reduce the stigma, increase awareness and save lives.
Belgium, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Gibraltar, Greece, Hungary, Italy, The Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, and soon to join Croatia, all require the ownership of national ID cards (some simply to posses and other to always carry).
Seminar: 4:10 pm, Colloquium Room (MSB 1147)
I have talked to the pope. I have talked to the council. I have made three public interventions, two of which I have filed with the secretariat. Therefore, there were five interventions against these resolutions of Vatican II. In fact, the opposition led against these resolutions was such that the pope attempted to establish a commission with the aim of reconciling the opposing parties within the council. There were to be three members, of which I was one. When the liberal cardinals learned that my name was on this commission, they went to see the holy father (the pope) and told him bluntly that they would not accept this commission and that they would not accept my presence on this commission. The pressure on the pope was such that he gave up the idea. I have done everything I could to stop these resolutions which I judge contrary and destructive to the Catholic faith. The council was convened legitimately, but it was for the purpose of putting all these ideas through.
Mikko had a great reply (which you can read at the link above), but I wanted to further inquire about people's perspectives on interracial dating and also to further clarify what my point is.
weather on Sunday was a tad crappy, which foiled Phil's plans to
104. Drawings from my children.
I also liked the work of Emily-Clare Thorn, who unfortunately I didnt take any snaps of, beautiful bubbly sweet inspired tableware - infact there were quite a few I seemed to have missed out on - Must have been the free wine! hehe.
Their son loved music too. Once, while walking past a music store, he begged her to go in and buy a Chet Atkins guitar method book for him. She bought the book, thus creating a life-long musical obsession in him.
08-Forty Four
Last weekend our basement bar cabinets were delivered and Jon and his friend spent the day installing them. Originally, we had planned to install the exact same cabinets as the ones in our kitchen, but they were going to set us back about $5,400. We weren't quite ready to settle for that price tag, so we looked around and found custom cabinets at a smaller family-owned "box" store in town for $2,000.
Also I made this corner bookmark a little while ago but never posted here, using 'Lili stuffed Bunny' thought it would make a great Easter gift. This was also for the Crafty Ribbons Easter Challenge, using their ribbons. This store is based in the UK, the staff are just wonderful and there is a HUGE selection of ribbons!!! Gorgeous buttons which I have just won some on their Friday Freebie last week. This is a link to their blog they have lots of fun going on Friday Freebies as well as Ribbon Tutorials This is a link to their store.
* I followed the recipe up until the point when you are supposed to put it in the oven, instead I dumped the whole mess into the Crockpot, turned it on low and let it cook for almost 8 hours. It worked like a charm.
As usual, there are no news reports on the latest train disruptions except occasional updates on the Twitter of Channel News Asia. Neither did SMRT bother to explain to the public the reasons behind the disruptions which are happening on an alarmingly high frequency.
“All right. Where does this threat come from?”
I understand this. I really do. But it seems to me that what this fails to take into account is that people can't just care for themselves and improve things when there honestly isn't any money and worse than that, their fellow countrymen are oppressing and abusing them. What is an 8-year-old child, alone on the streets, supposed to do? The answer I get when I ask people that question is that it's tough to leave that 8-year-old, but we must, because the more we step in, the more we absolve adults of responsibility and perpetuate the cycle.
As the BBC is reporting, Alasdair Thompson of the Employers’ and Manufacturers’ Association (EMA) made the controversial comments on June 23 radio program. “Who takes the most sick leave? Women do, in general,” he said during a debate on recent figures that showed New Zealand women were paid about 12 percent less than men. “Why? Because once a month they have sick problems. Not all of them, but some do. They have children that they have to take time off to go home and take leave of. Therefore it’s their productivity. It’s not their fault.”
My darling of all their brews is the Condor Pale Ale. It's mildly hopped, with just the right amount of bitter unique nutty flavor. It's really delicious, and almost subtle.
aching needing so much more
To live alone with just me?
hoity-toity - quite an old term meaning posh which is worth its own category of course. Hoity-toity seems to involve a whole air. You can walk, look, or act in a hoity-toity way, but it becomes most evident with someone 'coming all hoity-toity all of a sudden' in the way they speak. Traditionally, in 'kitchen sink' dramas, Dad claimed that his teenage or young adult daughter was suddenly talking or being hoity-toity - classically in 'Till Death Do Us Part'. See also 'She's no better than she should be' and other put-downs about people getting above their perceived station in life: eg 'all fur coat and nothing in the fridge'.
Hello my blogging friends! The last fornight has been a whirlwind of travel, festivities and baking. I was initially absent because I changed my blog URL which lost many of you in cyberspace! Then, I left on my trip to Hong Kong which was then followed by celebrations for my Mother's 50th Birthday. I organized a surprise 50th party for her and had to cook many appetizers as well as this 3 tiered cake for her! Phew! I'm tired just thinking about it!
There was a big hubbub about Almondine when it came out. It was one that I'd quickly passed over when I bought others from the collection, but after so much fuss from other polish bloggers, I picked up a bottle.
Collar-St Patrick’s Day (Part of Clover Top) – Bingo
-Tweet this or use your own to include @momof3dolls and URL:
In the telecommunications and the consumer electronics market, implementers ensure access to essential IPRs most often via cross-licensing and - to a lesser extent - via general licensing-in and patent pools.
So on Monday I was playing with her and had this “feeling” to try something out. I laid her on her back and with my hand on the mole, I asked in faith for God to heal her through me. To use my hand to pass healing energy through. Contrary to movies etc. I didn’t feel anything go through me, but I had incredible faith (something I’m usually lacking). I said to make it vanish. Well I wasn’t expecting a quick response. I touched the mole and it slid off her skin and fell to the bed (see picture.. its kinda gross though). The skin underneath was pink, fresh and no indication that there was anything wrong there.
I don’t know. Maybe the weight has only shifted to another part of the enigmatic personality I have, or maybe I’ve installed some props under the weight to help me out as a way of coping. Or maybe, like morphine, I’m just in a very good spot right now and the weight only seems lighter.
Elizabeth Jote began her publishing career at Carol Mann Agency before joining Objective Entertainment. She has helped shape the manuscripts of Pulitzer Prize-winning journalists and developed concepts for bestselling authors while cultivating her own list of cutting-edge clients. She is most interested in commercial fiction (women's fiction, thrillers, mysteries, young adult and multicultural books), narrative non-fiction and graphic novels. When she isn't obsessively studying and pontificating about what's going on in the zeitgeist, she can be found sipping unfortunate amounts of coffee while reading your manuscript and saving stray kittens.
Headline: the title of your press release. This is the eye-catcher, the sparkling summary, the hook. Write it as you would a hook sentence. Inspire curiosity and an intense need to read further. You can also add a subhead, which is in smaller type below the headline. It's another sentence or two providing more information—and more hooks. They aren't always included but since this is an exercise for some of you, go the distance for extra credit. Make those hooks sharp.
Yes, you can take my cool person card away now.
They all have their abnormalities as do we humans
Isn’t it ironic that these religious Jews would be offended in hearing that Gentiles were being saved and at the same time they could break one of the basic commandments, namely, “Thou shalt not kill”? Remember their words,
He also sent him a purple robe and a crown of gold.
His Track credentials were not on the same level as XC. He did finish 2nd in the 1983 State Meet in the 3200 (9:13) and he did not run Track in 1984 (Senior year). Real life responsibilities came way to young for Aguirre and he was never really heard from again after winning the 83 XC crown. Reuben Reina started his 3200/1600 meter title streak that Spring, but I think he would have had a real fight on his hands with Bobby. For the record,Tony Martinez took 2nd in that years 3200.
Also straightened SIGN POST at N.W. corner of Pine Hill station
1. Do No Harm
32. A Girl Named Mister Nikki Grimes
part school, for ephemera performances involving video, opera, film, music, dance and theater in an environment that erases the boundary between artist and viewer as both don white lab coats and interact constantly.
The neck of the cavalry-man with the bullet through and through I
I got my foot in the door for this job at The Man’s company (thankfully not the same location). It’s not in writing, marketing or public relations – well, sort of. It’s in customer service, which I’m sooo used to doing even though I sometimes want to throw ninja stars at them through the phone. Being a biatch? Here’s a burst eardrum from the ninja star coming point blank through the phone and into your ear canal. Kiss your teeth at me? Even though I can’t see it, I can hear it, and for that my frenemy, you will get the ultimate kiss-off – a personal visit and coffee date with my friend Uzi.
The Bear Hug
In years gone by, the site of vortices spiralling from wing tips was seen as a good thing, as the belief that the wing is working hard. To some extent this was correct, with a simple wing the fact that it can create visible vortices did prove the wing was highly loaded. However the drag that it created was less well understood. Since the early 2000’s teams have sought to reduce this pressure difference at the wing tip, in order to reduce drag. Several solutions have been tried to alleviate the pressure differences at the wingtip.
The face of one of the policemen was covered. The other two were in police uniform.
“There’s not the awareness that if you want to work in the environmental sector, you need to have some scientific and engineering technical skills,” he says. “You can still make a difference, you can still change the world, but you have to do the work that’s required and that’s really science based.”
-Easy to blend
concrete on impact.
Free State Brewing Co. Lemongrass Rye
I choose to believe that I create my own experiences, to God’s glory in Christ Jesus! Amen!
Finally, I wish to submit that this program is centered in Christ and completely faithful to His precious Church. It does not soft-pedal truth, nor does it float inaccessibly beyond comprehension in theological speculation. This formation is pastoral, meaning that it presents a theology in action, a theology that is no less than doctrinal, no less than deep and pentrating, and no less than eminently transforming.
Plot: Marion and Jack plan to spark their faltering relationship back into life with a romantic trip to Paris; but run-ins with various ex-boyfriends and a visit to Marion’s parents threaten to extinguish their romance forever.
lectures of mass destruction, and a search for recognition
Memo to Sean Penn: Ninety percent of the inhabitants of the Falkland Islands are British, and wish to live under the sovereignty of the British Crown. If sovereignty was transferred to Argentina without any say from these people, then it would be Argentina that would be the occupiers, and only then could it be called colonialist. People put far too much weight and emphasis on distance and geography in an interconnected world (by far the biggest reason why Britain is in the EU, after all), but if continental proximity is really the most powerful indicator of a nation's right to extend its borders, when pray will the United States finally give Alaska to Canada. I am waiting for your answer President Obama. I expect nothing less than an immediate negotiated settlement through the United Nations. We will no longer tolerate this ludicrous and archaic infringement of Canadian sovereignty.
Thank God for this business that we have.
Over the weekend, I spent some time with very good friends. And one friend told me to make a list for myself; a list of things I would want in the next guy I’d fall for. I’ve never been for this, but I guess I can give it a shot.
With all those other people having fun.
Thank you for reading this edition of the carnival! If you would like to participate in next week's Carnival of Homeschooling, hosted by Christine over at Our Curious Home, send your submission by 6pm PST Monday to CarnivalOfHomeschooling@gmail.com. (Check submission requirements here.)
little lungs.
2x $1/2 Lysol mq
A popular notion is that lying requires more effort than truth-telling, so it produces such physiological signals as a heightened pulse rate, dilated pupils, twitches, and certain facial expressions – especially when the stakes are high. However, truthful but anxious people may also display such symptoms, while lying psychopaths may not.
So, Stacee and I worked together to prepare a fitting quilt that had some great sensory woodland animals.
(718) 768-3195
"This Much " is an apt name , then, for a new campaign aimed at educating Australians about the risk of childhood drowning. About being vigilant not just when at the pool or beach, but when our kids are in the bath or playing with a bucket under the backyard hose. Being able to hear them is not quite good enough - we need to be watching them too.
Alli's favorite part of the eye doctor was getting to check out all the fantastic glasses she could pick from. We spent like 30 minutes trying and re-trying on glasses. I kept stressing to her that they would be the glasses she'd have for the next 2 years (Our insurance pays for one glasses frame every 2 years.....) so she should pick wisely.
This is how conflicts end peacefully. They end when there is no more "them" and "us." It takes time.
47. Pretty Things Sarra Manning
COURSE: 001T; SPEED: 4.6
Over at Cynsations, Cynthia Leitich Smith is helping me get out the call to YA authors who'd like to participate in the upcoming ReachOut.com Campaign, during May--Mental Health Awareness Month. She posted this blurb on her Thursday March 17th posting.
But if we've established that Hawkeye doesn't work outside of the Avengers, we still haven't ascertained exactly why he does work in the Avengers. The answer to this question relates back to my second assertion: Hawkeye is an asshole.
- Record-breaking floods and a fire disrupted subways and buses this past weekend. Naturally, it became campaign fodder. Brooklyn Eagle
To get married around here, you must have a civil ceremony at the town hall. After the official marriage at the mairie, you can have a church ceremony or scuba wedding or pirate ship wedding or whatever you want but it's really just for show because the deed is already done. (so cool! pirates!)
Of Love that rise
I added the emphasis of the last sentence.
I need to make a serious commitment to my writing! As well as get back on track with my blogging.
"Miles has been battling brain cancer for over three years, now with a fourth recurrence, he is about to undergo an autologous stem cell transplant at LA Children’s Hospital. He will be in isolation, 2,000 miles from family and friends for months, that's why his Dad is asking folks around the world to send in 5,000 JOKES that he can watch online from his hospital room."
In a blog post on svn Jason Fried writes about a writing class he would love to teach some day. He was asked during a Q&A session about his take on the value of a university education, and after giving his answer “great socially, not realistic academically”, he says the following about a course he would like to teach:
9. Samira Tewfik, Egyptian popular singer. (From 'Les Plus Grandes Artistes du Monde Arabe' EMI Records).
When I saw the bright colors of Close To My Heart’s National Scrapbook Month paper packet Dotty for You, I fell in love. Spring in the Pacific Northwest lends it share of gray rainy days with a little sprinkle of sunshine. Working with the Dotty for you Paper Pack filled me up with all the Vitamin D I needed!
UNHCR stressed that any return to Somalia must be well-informed and voluntary, and that the country’s situation is not yet conducive for organized repatriation. “While famine and drought conditions have eased across Somalia, insecurity continues to cause displacement within the country,” noted Mr. Edwards.
6:00 PM Pink Tartan
The very idea of my surly, badly punctuated, misanthropic ramblings acting as inspiration to anyone makes me smile, and that is in the middle of one of those weeks where it's been really hard to be happy about things. It's nice to know that some of you who read this blog do not think the writing is complete and utter toss because I do sometimes.
2 comments
And now its on to wiring the new railing which we just had put in to protect children from falling off the grass and into the (newly) paved gully... and gardening and mulching and more and the list goes on and on..... boy is building hard work.....or rather, not the actual building itself, but the post building fixing up and finishing off which has been all too consuming quite frankly!
So, as you see, I propose.
I bought the day-old doughnuts.
I confess I did not before.... but now, LOVE IT!!!!
She wanted to write well in a particular genre, but that was not her genre, so she felt she could not write as well in that genre as she felt she could in others.
Using safety pins!
Fall'in for you. Welcome back to another challenge with us.
Exercise and stay active
So, the taller candlesticks were my first victims.
For my card I went for more of a children's theme using the cupcake from Everyday Classics and one of the banner stamps from Banner Bulider.
Learn to love him as he is (good) and perhaps he’ll change (better!). It’s on you.
They're not back to school tomorrow anyway. It's just me. I have to go in for a morning to go through all the stuff we're doing for the up-coming term. Also I get to meet the teacher I'll be working with next year who is new to the school. I must try to make a good impression.
- Meddling by the Iranians
When it came time to address Babygirl's pathetic little ceiling fan, I decided to go with something fun and whimsy...after all, it is a little girl's room. Sure I could just replace the entire fixture, but fans are necessary during a Texas Summer, and my goal is to make this dorkball fixture work!
As the horses leap, the men is sucked in by a force in the air at the very same time the moon turns into an eclipse. The horses safely landed without them.
Here is the recipe from GS- for those who choose not to go over and have a peek or for some reason can't.
While completely ignoring the questionable methods used to ensure passage of the law, the Plaintiff- Appellee; Theodore E. Wymyslo, M.D., Director of the Ohio Department of Health offers the usual, and not unexpected "The Law is on our side" rhetoric, along with the Statement of Case Facts, and citation of 112 “Authorities” in support of their claims. But interestingly, the brief also includes two appendices worth mentioning.
Stick to your beliefs, do what you do because of your beliefs and you will increase your voter base. The goal is not to do business with anybody who needs what you will do in government for them, but to do business with those who believe in what you believe.
While Pepsi was busy collecting Facebook friends and Twitter followers, their competitors were busy collecting money and market share.
25) Campaign Conversion Rate - This metric indicates the rate at which people who received your email converted into a lead. You can use it to gauge the success of your email campaign compared to past sends. A high campaign conversion rate is the result of a targeted send with a great offer.
As you breathe-out direct this feeling of strength to Ryans family
Lou Reed- Berlin
Thank you for reading.
Well, I can't that I've been laying down my life, but I have had to make sacrifices to work where I do.
I like to make clothes so if I had the chance, I’d like to try making clothes (T/N: So basically, she wants to design clothes)
A Field Guide to Melancholy: various European locations in 1962. An aging violin virtuoso is making his final concert tour, playing with the finest orchestras in Europe. He is meanwhile composing his memoirs, written in the form of a field guide to the great symphonic halls. His life story appears in flashbacks, and there's of course a love story in there. His present story revolves around the loss of his virtuoso instrumental technique, the loss of his memory (and if our life, our self, is primarily our mind, to lose one's memory is to bit by bit lose our life, yes?), etc. Comic interludes, too. Who am I? What am I? Where am I? The basic existential questions. Based exceedingly vaguely on lies I've told over the years about the great Henryk Szeryng.
It serves as an occasion to inform citizens of violations of press freedom – a reminder that in dozens of countries around the world, publications are censored, fined, suspended and closed down, while journalists, editors and publishers are harassed, attacked, detained and even murdered.
Muslims believe that God revealed books to His messengers as proof for mankind and as guidance for them.
What stunners! So lets see what you are going to create for this challenge. Don't forget you can enter up to twice, make whatever you like so long as it follows our theme and link back to our challenge blog in your post. Please link your creation with the froggy and not just your blog!
After the short “ceremony” there was a part I really liked where the bride and groom go over to their parents in the audience, who are all sitting together in a row facing the stage, and they have a big tray with a tea pot and 4 cups of tea. The bride says “mom, drink tea!” and the grooms mom drinks it, then the bride says “dad, drink tea!” and he drinks. Now the grooms parents are officially her parents too. Then the groom does the same thing to the brides parents, and now they are his parents too. It’s good fun.
3. Mandaya Moore - Insert Current BF's Surname Here - Again, refreshingly candid and devoid of pretense. It was a delight to backread all his entries and the unfolding of the many twists and turns of his personal life was a joyful treat.
(c) emma d dryden, drydenbks llc
An early start was planned for the next day's drive which would take us through Chablis and Tonnere before then travelling south for a week in Dijon.
Welcome and Opening Remarks
The next few days I would like to tell you about my YQ adventure.
Also check out:
At last, there’s something to do in New York after climbing the Empire State Building, snapping the Statue of Liberty and falling asleep with jetlag during The Lion King…
Please note the last three words, “Get over it.”
Excuse me I think I fell off my chair laughing at that idea! KY is having a hilarity seizure at my feet. Where's the inhaler??
you think, tired, aging, buy a better bra.
It's a Hairball.
Superstition:
Maddox is able to scoot himself to where he wants to go. That baby boy is in to EVERYTHING!! I'm in trouble! He is such a happy, content, smiley boy, and his laugh is contagious! He has his 2 bottom teeth and also now his 2 top teeth!
he would all the world receive,
'What on earth are you using as a drumstick?'
I spotted this gentleman at a distance while walking towards Farringdon station because of his colourful tie and elegant cane.
Other panellists at the forum last night were constitutional law expert Abdul Aziz Bari, Latheefa Koya from Lawyers for Liberty, Kumpulan Mahasiswa Independen (Kami) president Haziq Abdul Aziz, and lawyer Haijan Omar, who had also been a victim of police brutality at the rally.
Our homes are our sanctuaries. How can we make them to be cozy places to experience comfort, relaxation and reflect our personalities? Fragrance is that extra layer that can make a house smell like home, and scented wickless wax melts offer an affordable, quick releasing, room filling fragrance that can be easily changed or customized.
Your guess is as good as mine.
Sooooooooo a lot have been going on in my life that I don't really want to talk about right now, all you need to know is that you learn from your mistakes, don't regret anything when you can learn from it.
The former secretary-treasurer of a union that represents Duluth News Tribune pressroom employees admitted Monday that he stole union money.
KH, JO: It was very surreal.
She got a computer just so she could play Mahjong Solitaire on it.
Frequency – Four weekly
At Lovers’ Loop Retreat, our affordable Asheville bed and breakfast alternative, you’re an easy 10-minute drive to Asheville’s civic center and all the rest that downtown Asheville offers. Costello was nominated for an Oscar for the song “The Scarlet Tide” from the movie “Cold Mountain,” based on a book by Asheville resident and best-selling novelist Charles Frazier.
laugh and listen
4 oz. fresh goat cheese, room temperature
½ small red onion, thinly sliced
BRYANT KA, STOVER B, CAIN L, LEVINE GL, SIEGEL J, JARVIS WR. Improving influenza immunization rates among healthcare workers caring for high-risk pediatric patients. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2004; 25: 912-917.
More live Tennstedt Mahler from the Gnome. A fine performance of the First Symphony from the Koussevitzky Music Shed. Excellent sound. Enjoy!
cream cheese
It's not too bad, though, and for the most part Max is a good baby. He doesn't seem to have the reflux that made early days with Danny pure torture, so that in itself is a blessing. So I've substituted worrying about a kid with worrying about my body image. The mirror is not kind these days, although I've already lost 23 of the 40 pounds I gained while pregnant. Mostly I just try not to look in the mirror and try to concentrate on the one day at a time thing. It'll come off. And Max will sleep more than 2 hours in a row one day. And one day there will be relative peace in my house again.
Aunt Sarah
But I’m here now waiting
and the winner by a length is Big Red! The crowd goes wild!
JACKEROO PARK, WITBANK: Young man attacked by 4 blacks.
Are you still the talk of all the boys
The next morning, I sprinted out of the gate. Here is what I accomplished.
Here are twelve such lies to stop telling yourself:
I've played basketball my whole life, I have always gone to the gym, for 2 years of high school I played on the Varsity Tennis team, and ballroom dance classes consumed my life during my freshmen & sophomore year of college.
02. Stairway To Heaven
Oh procrastination. How I love thee.
The guide is broken up into regions and provides detailed information on special places to stay in each region. Each entry is comprehensively described and illustrated with tantalizing colour photographs of not just the properties but also the owners, their families and their pets.
So, what are we to make of all this? The diagnosis, even if over the top, will be compelling or at least recognizable to many of us, especially in our darker moments. We do worry about the increasingly closed, bureaucratized state that seems not only remote, unresponsive and inaccessible but also more and more intrusive and authoritarian particularly in the name of public security and safety. And it is an unexpected pleasure to read Blond as he explores the human and social costs of free market policies: the unsupportable levels of inequality, the power and reach of corporations, the interpenetration of money and politics — one could forget for a moment the Tory part of Red Tory. For Blond, the big box supermarket chain is the perfect symbol of what is wrong here — and he has a ready audience for these concerns. And surely, too, many of us have worried about how hollow is the narcissism and self-preoccupation of our consumer society and how hard this makes it for modern citizens to find any common ground or shared purpose.
And they know just where I stand
Activist Attorney, author, founder: Rutgers University Animal Rights Law Clinic
Using that knowledge and applying it with Reiki, the stress, trials and tribulations attributed with a Saturn return become a time of growth, discovery, healing, and a chance to ensure the seeds of tomorrow. As Saturn is about rebirth not destruction or loss.
A cynical person will probably approach this stunning masterwork and declare it to be the primary reason as to why no other romantic comedies about bickering psychics in South America were made after it quickly came and went from theatres back in 1988. However, a deeply rational person with a sensible sense of self and the ability to appreciate fingerless gloves from afar will no doubt see a film that is literally oozing with the correct kind of moxie. Now, I'm not saying that I'm one of these so-called "sane people." (I am totally objective and base my opinions on the linear teachings of Rhonda Shear.) But even the dullest spoon in the tool shed can clearly see that the kinetic Vibes is conspiring on a completely different level when it comes to handing out the nonsensical charm. Making a competently made film, one that intelligent humans slobber over like an orgasm-inducing virus, is quite easy. On the other hand, making a film that always seems a tad off is extremely difficult. And that's how I would categorize this Ken Kwapis directed psychic adventure. I mean, there's definitely something wrong going on here. Yet, it's this wrongness that makes the film such a bizarre pleasure to roll around in.
Ink: Versamark Watermark, Memento Tuxedo Black (Tsukineko)
Meeka
And yes, my name would be Jesus.
I hope you enjoy the book as much as I did!
I listen to a lot of movie soundtracks–the instrumental scores, that is–and imagine my own movie for the music to go to. Sometimes I find pieces that match a scene in my book, sometimes I just enjoy the emotional range that music can inspire. Sometimes I listen to music while writing, sometimes I just focus on the music. Listening also helps while I paint or draw, so long as it’s non-vocal, as it gives my excess mind something to do while the rest of my mind paints. It keeps me from getting bored and losing the inspiration to work.
New MONTH New CHALLENGE on ICR!!!!
Played with color yesterday afternoon for about an hour.
Top confidential. It is my pleasure to contact you today. My name is Abdullah Saad, I was one of the secret service members Loyalist to late Mr. Muammar Gaddafi of Libyan. I was also his personal adviser aid on many deal with all his international associate to protect Mr. Muammar Gaddafi interest with the opposite parties, I made the deposit of 10 Million dollars on behalf of Mr. Muammar Gaddafi to a Security Company in Spain which is a confidential between myself and Mr. Muammar Gaddafi. This money had generated from Crude Oil shipment from Libya to Morrocco and from morrocco to Spain, before the payment of the oil was made, he gave me a name to make the deposit of this money to a security company with the name Mrs. Samia Omar, for safe keeping but the purpose of the deposit was for me to move this money secretly to china to buy arms from a Chinese company. you can read more arms deal here.
Howard Bahr has a wondrously rich and picturesque style. You can’t get much closer to being a true witness than you will with the acutely sensitive descriptions that make his story tangible. Howard Bahr’s writing allows the reader to visualize, hear and feel the battle. You will witness a slaughter from the soldiers’ point of view. You will see the the nefarious images they encounter of the dead and grossly maimed. It is an unworldly place to be. Likewise he is sensitive to the emotional pain and thoughts of his characters with phrases that will wrap around you like a warm hug. His prose is poetry.
“Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.”
Macy + Wes, The Truth About Forever by Sarah Dessen
That said, some of the action scenes were very well written, and the ending was great and made me want to read the rest of the series. There were some scenes involving cannibals and children, which was so, so awesome!
The tours were fun and challenging, and I’ve certainly did what I could to launch my last two novels, but will I do it again? Possibly. I have a hunch the benefits of a tour are long term, and the more one does to get their name out there, the better the chance of getting known, but I’m still not convinced they were worth all the effort.
But it seems we're developing into one of those places. And the nice thing (I think) about how we're developing is the customers are coming with us. The regulars that still, and always will, drink Butty Bach are starting to ask about the guest ales - especially if they see a stout or wheatbeer on cask. A free sample, and then sit back to watch the show. The first sampler of a wheatbeer we had on recently quite loudly proclaimed he didn't like it. And that anyone who did must have something wrong with them.
Those are just a couple of my grammar pet peeves. If you have any questions, feel free to ask.
Gillis complained to the Canadian Broadcast Standards Council and encouraged others to do the same – some 4,000 people did complain.
Gasp! Bikram is not the be all, end all of fat-melting, slipping in puddles of expended calories in yoga class? Of course, active yoga styles such as Ashtanga, Vinyasa Flow and Power Yoga burn more calories than passive styles such as Restorative or Hatha yoga, but let’s really see how each form stacks up.
We talked on the phone about my life and my problems with addiction. A few days later she contacted Cristina and they spoke about what it's like being in a relationship with someone who has problems with addiction.
But the bread and fish multiplied in the disciples’ hands; whence it follows, “And they did all eat, and were filled.”
Now, I’ve never been a fashion person. I’m white. I’m male. I’m straight (shocking, I am aware). Thus, my predisposition for well-tailored clothing isn’t genetically probable. I spent all of high-school looking like a Backstreet Boy, then a copper-top battery, later upgrading to ‘fancy homeless person chic’ in college. It wasn’t until I began my hilariously fish-out-of-water talents towards the hair industry did I begin to see the light…and learn anything about the fine, ancient, mind-boggling art of ‘color coordination’. I’m still fairly terrible at it…but at least I’m told occasionally I dress well. The issue had always been one of apathy. I didn’t care. Fashion was for people with money. Fashion was for ladies and, as some of my relatives would put it, ‘the gays’ (God love the Brits). I’ve always been a man of words, putting them on the page, shifting them about with nerdish glee and twisting phrases like a lad ripping apart ants on the playground. Visual aesthetics have always been lost on me. During my ‘fucking idiot’ period, reaching its indelible peak during freshman year of Oberlin, I would love to lay down statements, laced with bovine fecal matter, such as, “Modern art isn’t art.” I wish I had a time machine. I’d go back and slap the shit out of myself. (And I’d also go back and insert myself inconspicuously into scenes of Jurassic Park containing Laura Dern. Don’t ask why. I don’t judge what you’d do with a time machine. Jerk.)
In November 2003, after just ending a serious relationship, one of my friends at work convinced me to go out with her brother-in-law, Brad, who was here arranging to attend BYU, after spending the previous two years in California on a mission. We had a good time, and I was impressed with him, but we both felt a little awkward, and didn’t know if it would go anywhere. The day after our date, he went back to Washington for the holidays with his family. He called me a week later, and we began a long distance friendship. Over the next few weeks, through telephone calls and e-mails, we got to know each other and were able to share deep feelings and experiences, without the complications of a physical relationship. When he returned to Utah to begin school, we looked forward to dating, but I was a little nervous, because I wasn’t sure I remembered what he looked like. He will tell you that he can’t believe I didn’t remember, because his crooked smile, amazing charm, and athletically good looks are unforgettable.  I knew I loved his good heart, sage advice, and sense of humor, and I hoped that the physical attraction would be equally as strong. But that didn’t prove to be a problem, and from the moment he returned, we were inseparable.
Soon it was the pots, pans and laundry
Come to Jesus. Fall on Jesus. Cry to Jesus.
ATF agents had planned to work with Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials — who, unlike ATF agents who ultimately report to Attorney General Eric Holder, report up the chain to Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano.
My personal favorite appearance of this tiara was at the wedding of Crown Prince Frederik and Mary Donaldson in 2004, for two main reasons. First, the symbolism: she carried on the tradition started by her mother, wearing the tiara plus those giant crown diamonds for the heir's wedding. Second, the appearance: it may look from the front as though she has a modest diamond diadem on, but from the sides and back the diamonds are wrapping nearly her whole head like the grandest wreath that ever was. A perfect way to be the queen on someone else's big day.
The only light entertainment offered was provided by the dog, who managed to get a plant pot stuck on his head and then panicked and wouldn't stay still long enough for any of us to remove it. He finally ran into the fence and was dazed enough for us to grab him. Bless him, he's not the sharpest tool in the shed, so to speak.
Paper:: Cardstock and Pattern Paper - Autumn Leaves Manhattan collection
"The impossible has a kind of integrity which the merely improbable lacks."
could be a the color on an image, a paper, ribbon, embellishment, anything! If
Meanwhile, last night at the Wigmore Hall, the Kathleen Ferrier Awards for young singers held its final. Winner: 25-year-old Welsh soprano Natalya Romaniw, who also scooped the Song Prize. Natalya has been in the public eye a fair bit already, popping up last year in the BBC Cardiff Singer of the World competition and featuring in a lovely documentary about Chopin fronted by James Rhodes. Her name may not sound so Welsh; apparently her Ukrainian grandfather settled in Wales during World War II. She studied at Guildhall and is currently an associate artist with the Classical Opera Company, which seems to have a canny way of spotting and grabbing the best young talent. Sophie Bevan, Sarah Jane Brandon and Pumeza Matshikiza have also graced its artist list in the recent past.
” You bet ! ” I said,as i kissed him.
Bays and channels and ships sailing in and out are ours—while we
Place a little extra cheese on the tops of the breadsticks, and place them on your cooking surface - either silpat on a cookie sheet or on a pizza peel sprinkled with cornmeal. Start preheating your oven to 450 degrees, and let the dough rise while your oven preheats. Bake the breadsticks for ten minutes, shoving them from the pizza peel onto your pizza stone or simply placing your cookie sheet in the oven.
i predict a stripey-themed 3 month photo shoot.
#Were all in my mouth
One of my favorite summer time beers. Best enjoyed with friends on the deck or lounging on the beach.
everything falls apart at the exact same time
There’s also a lot of other goodies for fans. It’s fun to go through. The anticipated sequel also stars Tom Hardy, Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Anne Hathaway, Morgan Freeman and others. Christopher Nolan (“Inception”) directs.
that perspiring humans get
Congratulations Sammibug!! Please contact me at twosisterschallengeblog@live.com and I will provide you with the information that you need to collect your prize. Our winners badge is in the sidebar if you would like to place it on your blog.
Can't wait to get home and hang out with that man, complaining about Illini sports, eating spoonfuls of corn syrup and talking about soccer. (And mom, don't take this as a slight because there's no "Mary's" on my way to the gym. I'm counting down the days until I get to do fun stuff like shopping, gossiping, and watching movies with you too.)
Overall Winner
Bachmann understands tax law--the single biggest inhibitor to new business growth in America today. Furthermore, no agency abuses or intentionally intimidates the American citizen more than the Internal Revenue Service, although the numbnuts at the Department of Homeland Security are quickly catching up. Appoint Bachmann as SecTreas and instruct her to clean house, revise the tax code, abolish IRS, and make America prosperous again. To help her do that, we'll appoint--
I’ve also noticed that the Democratic Alliance (DA) foreign affairs spokesperson Kenneth Mubu shared the same sentiments when he said: "One has to wonder what the Zuma administration wishes to achieve by buying better relations with Cuba." Source
it's light years beyond the vampires' bad press.)
My list of carefully put together numbers yielded 0.
Now I’m having a hard time tearing my eyes away from this one for a re-release of Ogre by Steve Jackson. This one’s even more expensive, particularly for shipping to Canada, but look at the size of that thing. It’s crazy. It’s like having a tank shipped to your house, in a box. And it’s been funded so well that it’s going to come packed with extras. I’m tempted, but right now my better judgement is winning the war. I still have seven days left to do something stupid, though, so I’m very afraid.
Little Chef, home of the "Olympic Breakfast", is to shut around 70 of its restaurants and lose around 600 staff.
Producer: Chris Eldon Lee
Turns out that Bran likes tits, sorry, I mean Kit. Yee Kit! I first met him when Sze Yie, Kit and me had a hangout..oh! When I had my first Sushi. At the end of the day Bran suddenly showed up. You know how we always have first impression of the person we newly met like how Suraj had? Yeah, my first impression of Bran was baaad, very baaaaad. He is obnoxiously honest. OBNOXIOUSLY HONEST. I am honest, too, but I've never had anyone as honest as I am in my life. Or at least anyone who's been ever so completely honest with me. hahaha, he probably doesn't remember whatever he said that gave me a bad impression of him, but who cares now. Things changed. I gotta accept him as my friend's new boyfriend.
Sounds fun, huh? You know we've all got some horded craft items we can recycle, right?
I didn't act worried in the appointment, I was cheerful, etc. I asked her about a few things (the tightening I feel sometimes, the pain in my cervix - she called it 'knife in the vagina' - and the pain in the back of my pelvis. All normal she said.
Read and annotate chapters 5-6 of The Bean Trees.
***Warning there be a little swearing***
Visit the official Ian Alexander website at www.ianalex.com
3/4 c fresh Meyer lemon juice
Mogulof had said they were not against working with Occupiers and allowing them to do farming there but that ”All they needed to do was agree to work with us to coordinate activities.” The regents had said they would drop their suit if the protesters quit trespassing and joined in a discussion Saturday about how to use the land for both urban farming and for the plant research faculty members are planning for the site.
05 All About You
My sixth child, Jackson, has been a little bit more of a challenge academically for me than my other children have. Granted, Jackson is only seven years old, but he has had a few learning delays that my older children did not have. This child loves to work outside and developed control of his large motor skills early. He was riding a bike without training wheels before the age of 4 and was cutting down small saplings with a hack saw at age four. Give him a job to do outdoors and he'll get it done.
Easy fix!
As severe a case of rhinophyma as any doctor had ever seen, it had, over the last two years, mutated to twice its original size, and was now ivied with fine blue veins, a postulated, bulbous magma of warty tissue with the texture of a cauliflower. Bizarre, revolting, upsetting to strangers, he carried it nonetheless with a kind of mad bravado. Cures were available and repeatedly offered, but he stubbornly refused to pursue them.
I am excited for her to continue on with her life and achieve all that she wishes for. She is so smart and talented.
Frozen meals. While I usually don't eat frozen meals (mostly because of sodium and the fact that they don't fill me up), I will eat a Healthy Choice meal every once and awhile. In a pinch, they're easy and if you add a salad, it's not bad.
"You aren't coming in?"
Later that day, the ship came to a halt mid ocean and all the power was turned off. It was strange and became very hot especially down in the cabin as all the air con was switched off. The captain asked for our understanding and patience (didn’t have much choice) as they had to do this before approaching the Amazon and change over some equipment on the bridge. Apparently the change is due to switching off the water supply from the de-salination plant, as our water is all converted sea water for the voyage and this had to be turned off for the Amazon. We had to be careful not to use too much as well. So it took longer than the two hours and it was all like in limbo. Sitting around listlessly. The sea was very calm and hazy. Vacuum toilets were off, all water supply, only from bottles, air con, TV, Computer, all power. It then all came back on again slowly starting with the toilets and air con.
I just completed this fabulous little assemblage necklace with a book inside. This kit is from Retro Cafe Art Gallery and comes with everything you need to make the necklace. Here is what the kit looks like:
Meanwhile I'll have to try to look a lot more like this chap on the right. It's going to be a tough call. I just hope some of his stardust rubs off on me. (See what I did there?)
(ideally) chopped up pine nuts too (but I didn't have any at the time)
While instructing in matters of higher metaphysics and spiritual practices, the guru may also inquire into personal matters. He may ask, "How do you earn your living? Is it honest work, benefiting others and society, or does some harm result?"
♥My Dolphin♥
1 tsp vanilla extract
In other news...my new book Walker (available for Kindle only - it's an eco-adventure so couldn't really justify the trees!) got a plug in the Telegraph today. Feel free to make my Christmas merry by downloading a copy to your Kindle. Click here for the US and here for the UK.
But Jackie is leaving us with her choice of challenge for you which is....
I felt as though i was back in KL in my room.
‎"does not mind dropping everything to drive an unnecessary 500 miles"
abcdedg asked, Hi Amit, In some interviews, i observed that the interviewer is going out of the requirement scope for technical things. How to over come this.
"For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish, but have eternal life. "For God did not send the Son into the world to judge the world, but that the world should be saved through Him." John 3:16-17
It's that time of year, dear readers, when every blogger, in order to have something to write about during the slow week after Christmas, looks back and reflects on the year just ending. Most people are talking about what a crummy year it was, and it was, if you were, you know, unemployed, or illegally detained, or swapped out for spare parts.
But even as it extended the deadline for the buyback of FCCBs, the RBI lowered the discount levels for premature buyback of FCCBs.
Anyway. I was in one (black Mercedes mini-cab in London) and, as usual, doing authory things. Whendoievernot? And the conversation went like this:
Our first day was a successful one and I was very pleased with the turnout. Since we were directly across the street from the restaurant St. Germains, I was able to have Internet access to check on things in our Etsy shop on my new kindle fire (thanks to my boyfriend Chris for the early bday gift).
I hope all the moms are having a fabulous day...pampered and adored by the entire family. I've been tearing up since Babygirl's Mother's Day Tea at school Friday! Is anything sweeter than children's art and their declarations of love?!? Although I think some changes are in store at the Sugarplum Casa since my son's card thanked me for doing all his chores!
Makes 24 bars
Friday I went back to work and came home for a nice long nap while Adam watched Gabriella. When I woke up, we decided to hit up the park for a bit, but it was a little on the cold side so we didn't stay long.
It makes you nervous just to consider that you could...
There’s an interesting legend associated with dogwood. The legend of unknown origin claims that dogwood trees used to grow quite large and was the type of tree used to create the cross for the crucifixion of Jesus.*
Moral of the story: never make a card without having an envelope first.
My friend, and former co-worker, Christina and I had great second row seats at the end of the runway.
Phoenician Sailor, and the latter is not wholly distinct from Ferdinand
Anyway, if anyone wants to share some of their thoughts on mate, I'd be interested in hearing about it :)
“You know, Mr. Brown, my mother played those two albums until the grooves were smooth as a baby’s butt - the perfect background music for an alcoholic junky to wallow in.”
I got my yellow Bodyline carousel skirt in the mail a couple days ago, and it's so freaking cute! I like sweet lolita, but not on me... but this skirt called out to me! I think I'm slowly becoming a sweet lolita. *sob*
that is within you
- Sprites
22. Pretty Woman (Richard Gere)
** This is a pre paid class and due to all the supplies and prep required, payment is non-refundable.
Just as things might be looking up… I can’t believe I still have horses… sometimes it would just be so easy to get rid of them all and walk away… Not to worry, I won’t do that, but oh boy…
These lovely people were picking out their fortunes at the temple end of Nakamise-dōri, an old old street in Asakusa leading up to the Sensoji Temple.
The 10 Blog I nominate to do this award are:
Mattie took the magic bean surprised by the weight of it as a buzz like electricity locked tightly inside its hard black fibers was fighting to explode out over the bus. She looked over at the girl with her bear who had been left behind was snuggled in the child’s loving arms. Mattie turned her head just enough to see the outline of the past sitting behind her, rotting and waiting with the same sense of urgency she feels calling out to her from the tiny bean in her palm, as the sudden moment desperation permitted her to believe in Jack like the Beanstalk.
All of these processes will help the devotee to diminish the reactions to his past sinful activities.
5. Fill up on veggies and protein.
The emperor also created many organs to limit the personnel power of the chief ministers. If the central government officials were equipped with too much power to appoint lower ranked officials, they would create clans and influence the emperor’s actual decision power in important country-level matters. Moreover, since China had a vast territory, transmission of information was cumbersome. With excess power in hand, the central officials could establish barriers between the emperor and the local officials and skew the information in their favor. The Song emperor proliferated personnel management organs by creating Council of Merit Rating (考課院) which was later renamed the Council of Administrative Personnel (審官院). The Council of Administrative Personnel was again divided into two parts — Eastern Council (東院) for civilian officials and Western Council (西院) for military officials. The complex personnel arrangements made the Chief Ministers no longer have the complete authority over appointment of lower ranked officials. Therefore the power of the emperor was enhanced.
Lastly, listing out the movies and leaving spaces for sequels that we don't already own, gives me a quick idea when friends and family ask for gift ideas for the kids. I can look at the list, see that they still don't have Toy Story 2, but have Toy Story 1, and put it on their wish list.
Don't have friends with awesome gardens? This time of the year here in AZ, you should have no problem finding some great fresh broccoli at the farmers' markets. Click here for a nice list of local farmers' markets.
No, I’m not jaded, I’m just… sulking.
In short, here is the adage:
Also, I’m not sure I’m thrilled to see them pushing high consumption of soy products. Isn’t the jury still out on whether that’s good or bad for women with a family history of breast cancer? Because my Mom died of breast cancer, and my Dad’s sister had it too, and yet they’re still telling me that I should try to eat more soy.
When finally an empty J70 arrived, everyone jumped on. Glasses were torn off heads, purses lost, suits crumbled, hairstyles ruined. The leaderman went in front to stand next to the bus driver (the red-headed woman leader was long lost by then), thinking he could control the J mob. As the bus went on, some loud fellows decided that no stops would be permitted until the bus had reached its last one, downtown. With help of the gray leaderman, they forced the bus driver on, without stopping.
This is rude on two levels:
Drop your comment below
NEW DELHI: A large group of BJP Mahila Morcha activists protesting Arundhati Roy’s recent remarks on Kashmir broke into the compound of the writer’s residence here on Sunday.
HOpe you are having a wonderful week and having gorgeous weather! The boys are out of school this week for spring break so they have been great about helping out where needed in addition to just goofing around!
The Amazon Kindle is one of the greatest e-readers on the market, and they are continuing to make reading print books a thing of the past. For reading lovers, getting rid of books has always been a process, and with the Kindle, you can have the power of a library at your fingertips. The best thing that that Amazon Kindle offers is that you don’t have to worry about space anymore.
So at 3pm today, take a moment to reflect on this great country and those who died to make it so. The roots of the Tree of Liberty have been watered with the blood of patriots, and it is our duty, not just to them but to ourselves, to ensure their sacrifice wasn't in vain and is remembered throughout the ages.
