Line 5 – 5 syllabels
As I said before, my parents were teachers. My dad was my school principal from second grade through eighth grade (with a small respite when I basically had to retake fifth grade — more on that later) at two different school districts and my mother taught 8th grade math and science, so I never had her as a teacher since we’d moved and I’d changed districts before I reached that level.
50 plus mile an hour winds are predicted for tonight
She is the co-founder of Traveler's Gift Vacations (www.travelersgiftvacations.com) and founder of Sarah Wauterlek Photography (www.sarahwauterlekphotography.com). She is the author of the book, Young Widow: A Memoir.
Well, I have had my card done just about forever...and for the past two days, BlogPress has not been my friend.... Finally, it is working and here it is....
It seems silly to give up on genetic technology in agriculture just because of a few greedy companies. The part that needs fixing is our system of too little testing and too much faith in a "we'll catch it when it breaks down" method of dealing with problems GMOs might cause down the line. This isn't the mentality we should couple with either the food we eat or the environment that, well, we're all kind of stuck living in. Not everything that turns a profit is bad, but maybe it's time to make companies like Monsanto work a little harder to repay their shareholders.
rode in this race.
Now ladies, you can stop that chuckling and stone throwing and think back to your first time---come on, who took charge.
This obviously isn't a full sleeve n neither is the last one... but shut up its MY BLOG! anyway this is pretty unique to me anyway, ii haven't seen a corpse bride tattoo at all and the design is so damn detailed it definitely caught my eye.
LP
~Michelle S.
The other is Deschutes Chainbreaker White IPA, and it's a polar shift. Much less cloudy, light and airy-looking, and much more wit-like in aroma; weird that the west coaster is less IPA-like, eh? Smells almost classically like a Belgian white: orange lacing (from the peel and the Citra hops?) around fresh coriander, with hints of grassy/piney hops in the back. Very refreshing as the spice and light malt whirl about in the mouth, the orange lofting high on the palate, and finally coming to a finish where the hops do finally make a restrained full entrance. Quite the different execution, deftly delicate, and one that puts me in mind of a hot, dry afternoon in a hillside forest; pulling a sixer of this out of a cold stream would be a great interlude on such a day.
After Seeta’s trials and troubles have been established we are introduced to Geeta. What a difference! Seeta is introduced in a scene where she is scrubbing the floor and her evil aunt is yelling at her. Geeta is introduced by a song – upbeat, full of life and fun, it’s an apt description of Geeta and her outlook despite her humble status.
O Brother Where Art Thou
We can easily become the parents who are “impossible to please” as we push our children onwards without much acknowledgement of all they’ve accomplished so far. It’s important for our children that we slow down sometimes and enjoy the fruits of their labor, not to mention our own. I can’t even count how many mothers have lamented about days and years gone by with amazement at how fast time flies.
And he can’t hide his smile and he says yes, yes I can see— but there’s more. She can see others, she says, she spotted others but not all of them. And she names a few. Now he is very happy and he says Emma?
We are going faster and faster and faster...and yet we are going the same way to the same place in the same direction. I ask you guys today..can we pause for a heart beat to see and soak in the year that went by? I am a little afraid that we are missing out on a few things in our earnestness to go faster..
As I mentioned at the outset of this review, it is exceedingly difficult to assess this book without having read the others. How Maya's trial 6-months with Vus turns out, for example, is unclear. How she deals with her son leaving for college, is similarly delayed. And whether she can eat the whole chicken breast to herself - as revealed in the very last line of the book - this subplot is similarly left hanging. It is clear, however, that Maya Angelou is a gifted writer who has lived an important life - one of the prerequisites in my opinion, for having written an autobiography, but sadly, something that many editors do not pay attention to. It is hard, too, to judge Vus (although I'm sure you'll agree I have been exceedingly judgemental in this post - and perhaps unfairly too, solely on the basis of Ms. Angelou's testimony in her book) and without having read the final of the books. So, my verdict on this one is necessarily ambivalent. I will say though that, as previously alluded, Ms. Angelou's book is simultaneously deeper than the majority of OBC books, and more important. Even if it acts only as a springboard from which one can learn, it is valuable.
How to Get Ahead in Digital Advertising – The IAB’s Digital Talent Roadshow
Page 66. 'Arthur Guinness and Sons' entry. Did you know that the "7.5% Foreign Extra Stout Guinness accounts for 40% of their current global sales"?
Let’s learn more about Theo Huxtable.
3 Stamped images
Wednesday-
1. For the Cupcakes: Preheat oven to 350 degrees (F). Line 2 cupcake tins with papers.
What a difference a day makes. Yesterday I had my writers support group - what a blessing it is to me. We set personal and group goals, encouraged each other, and committed to honest feedback, not just "attaboys".
While the first coat of white paint dried, we took another break, this time a much longer one that entailed a 30 minute drive, a movie, some shopping, more gabbing, dinner and another drive back to E's house. During the shopping trip, we picked up the Modge Podge for the nightstand project, some flowers for the vase project, some wheat grass for the other planter project and the curtain rod to hang her new curtains. Talk about being productive and having fun at the same time!
WOOHOO! I got my last and very large order finished up today! What a great feeling to be FINISHED! To not have orders looming over me! To be able to do WHAT I want WHEN I want! To be able to CLEAN, CLEAN, CLEAN! And maybe now my sore finger can heal up. I have a place on the middle finger of my right hand that the head of the needle digs into. I don't like wearing a thimble, not even those rubber thimbles. I've got so now I use my needle nose pliers when I'm doing any sewing on tucks that have been painted. Those can be tough to sew. I think I've worn the tips of my fingers down so smooth, they just won't grab the needle well. I can't live without my needle nose!
Contemporary architecture dissociates people and makes them feel out of place in their home towns. Sheffield is a classic example and is being made ugly by new developments that have no relation to their surroundings or preceding buildings. If you talk to local people they are appalled at what is being done. It is as if the council have a grudge against them and want to destroy their city.
"You're welcome, baby. You enjoy yourself in the Big Easy."
Again, thank you for all that you do.
Paper: Pumpkin Pie, So Saffron, More Mustard, Whisper White, DP Scrap
dance parties in the kitchen.
Surely there would be ink-adorned customers falling over themselves for such an offer.
This scripture compelled me to understand how each of us can be reconciled to God. How can we, all of humanity, be reconciled with our Creator and with each other? I continue to learn from Jesus.
Today is one of the many National Mental Health Days throughout the year. You can do your bit by showing this to at least one unstable person. My job is done!
so scroll down for that peeps!
Have you ever wondered how much residue is left on your baby's bottles, sippy cups, pacifiers and other baby dishes? Some of the markets dish soaps contain awful harsh chemicals, with Baby Harmony's Dish and Bottle Wash, you can be rest assured your baby's dishes are safe, leaving no chemical residue. I really love this product, and use it while washing my girls sippy cups, plates and their utensils, I noticed there is no residue left on the dishes and my favorite part is that its gentle on your hands!!
Gavin DeGraw chose Billy Joel's "New York State of Mind" because his parents took him to his concert where Gavin decided that's what he wanted to do for a living. His father told him then that's what he would do, and both parents supported and encouraged him. He was at a point of almost giving up in 1998 when his dad came to the City to cheer him up and get him a gig. They danced the rumba and did it well. Karina is always sexy. He's not as graceful and smooth as he could be. He was sweet talking about his parents, and they beamed at him from the audience. The judges commented on how much he's improved, and he has. When Brooke asked him how he felt dancing in front of his family, and he choked up. She asked Karina to find his words for him, and she spoke beautifully. (24)
Progress
“He died at eventide, when the sun lay like a brooding sorrow above the western hills, veiling its face; when the winds spoke not, and the trees, the great green trees he loved, stood motionless. I saw his breath beat quicker and quicker, pause, and then his little soul leapt like a star that travels in the night and left a world of darkness in its train. The day changed not; the same tall trees peeped in at the windows, the same green grass glinted in the setting sun. Only in the chamber of death writhed the world's most piteous thing—a childless mother”.
If you know me you are probably thinking of course she has this one on the top of her list. It is my bring to your party staple as Guacamole is seriously one of my favorite foods. Not only does it go fabulously well on flackers but it is seriously healthy and yummy, so why not indulge? Avocados are filled with healthy fats that satisfy your appetite and regulate sugar balance, insulin and hormones. They also are filled with fiber, vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants. And lets face it creamy guacamole makes everything taste just a tad bit better! I love making my own cause I can make it super spicy and garlicky but if you chose to buy yours pre-made just be mindful to read the ingredients. Make sure it doesn’t have added trans fats, bad oils, preservatives or other artificial ingredients.
Some people claim that Mussolini was not really Leftist because he in fact did not do much for the workers of Italy. But how many Leftist politicians would qualify as Leftist by the criterion of whether they were of net benefit to the workers when in office? The common economic failures of Leftist regimes tend to affect all the population, with no exemption for the workers. To judge politicians as they are normally judged (by their ideology), therefore, Mussolini was very much an extreme Leftist. Was Stalin of net benefit to the workers? Given the very poor standard of living in the Soviet Union that the Gorbachev reforms revealed, it seems unlikely. Do we for that reason say Stalin was not really a Leftist?
So… Here we are in the final hours of 2011 (assuming you’re not reading this from the East or the Antipodes). It’s been a mixed bag of a year and I, for one, am not the slightest bit sad to see the back end of it. As the new year awakens, here’s hoping that it brings with it all sorts of good things for everyone.
This is a good thing, I would submit.
Here’s what it looked like…
In recent milestones, Brennan has learned to get himself back to sitting (something he did last Tuesday, 9/27 for the first time) when he's been on his back or tummy. We're pretty sure crawling will be coming soon. He gets up on all fours, but then doesn't really move.
Halve your plums & remove the seed, place skin side down on top of the brown sugar until the bottom is covered
What is it like to realize you were given up as an embryo? An embryo compiled in a laboratory? And what is it like for siblings to run across another family of “stranger” genetically related siblings?
Of course Max on Parenthood – Simply because I can so relate to some aspects of his character and the broader parenting dynamic. Loved the episode where Max’s parents went to visit another Aspie family for the first time. If you’ve seen it then you’ll know what I mean.
Concluding my three-part series of articles on cloud computing, this blog will digress from the focus on cloud app and cloud hosting to look at cloud storage. If you have not yet read them, Part 1 introduced the concept of cloud computing and explained how cloud computing was in fact a general term encompassing several technologies; while Part 2 discussed the industry trends with particular focus on how Microsoft is reacting to the emerging cloud computing market.
Attorney Christian: (Shakes his head) How you can sit there and claim to know that this happened, which it did not, billions of years ago is the somber and profound and true meaning of insanity. Goo do you have any clue any idea of what you are saying? For anyone to think, to believe he knows what happened, which it did not, billions of years ago is absurd. Absurd so absurd. This is the height of arrogance. The only reason I don’t laugh hysterically is because it is too sad.
and we were safe.
Crocidile Shop - Head (Susstones 1987)
I made this card for a fellow SU Demo here in NC that I am swapping with all Fall. We send each other one card per week, well, she does;) I stay a week behind and end up sending her two at a time. I am trying to do better! She didn't like this embossing folder, Elegant Lines, and I found that so surprising since it is one of my favorites. So, I have been bombarding her with samples and pictures using this folder. She likes it now...Mission Accomplished...LOL! She and I have never met, but have so much in common! I hope she likes this card. It's simple and clean, but I think it kind of pops regardless! It's super easy to duplicate, so if you like it, feel free to CASE!
We are celebrating the 4th Anniversary of Our Daily Bread Designs! All this week we have special events going on over on the ODBD Blog, so be sure to check them out! Today we have something that we hope will be pure fun for all! One Dozen of the Bread Sticks have baked up a special game for you! We decided to shower ODBD with a bouquet of flowers, since flowers are one of the traditional gifts for a 4th anniversary. You will be collecting these flowers along the way, and creating a beautiful bouquet for Kelley and all of Our Daily Bread Designs!
Standing Rock public defender Jim Cerny said the possibility of three-year sentences likely would result in the U.S. attorney’s offices leaving more cases in tribal court, resulting in the tribe having more control over crime on the reservation. The sense of paternalism exhibited throughout history by the government toward tribes may be eased by the new law, Cerny speculated.
Duellist, Serial Seducer of both Ladies and Gentlemen.
One of the keys to collaboration is setting goals and understanding who is to do what and when. It’s funny how these months are working for me because I just got done working on a collaboration project with a friend. This friend I’ve never met face to face, only via Twitter, Facebook, etc. Our writing styles are different but our passion for writing seemed to matched, along with the genres we enjoyed. When the chance came up we both jumped at it. And for me, it was a pleasure working with the person. The communication was spot on, the deadlines were met, and most of all – we had fun. We bounced ideas off each other, came up with a plan, and executed that plan. (And the best part of this was that the story we worked on was accepted into an upcoming anthology!)
Love is a tricky thing especially when a love triangle is formed, we don't see it grow in this book but I'm hoping if Thomas writes another installment to see where it goes and how things change between the characters.
Ninety percent of a dealership’s advertising budget… is spent attempting to acquire a NEW or Pre-Owned vehicle customer.
Loss of interest in normal daily activities
“Magic is mankind’s oldest continuous belief. It antedates either religion or science, and although both appear to have sprung from it, neither has supplanted it entirely, or is soon likely to.
We HAVE received confirmations from all team members. So your official Burlington Slam Project Team 2011-2012 is: Kay’la Fraser, Jogindra Siewrattan, The P.O.E., Oskar Niburski, and Dan Murray as the alternate.
The partner interests in offshore Guyane are: Shell 45%, Tullow 27.5%, Total 25%, Northpet Investments 2.5% (Northern owns a 50% equity interest in Northpet)
Affordable and fun are two words I'd use to describe Towne & Reese jewelry. The company is named after the founders' daughters, two ex-advertising executives whose passion is to inspire style without breaking the bank. And since most jewelry is seasonal, the right price is critical, a point Towne & Reese takes seriously.
“Really.”
A person who dies on Good Friday will go right to heaven.
"That was a big moment," Dr. Hart continues. "I was no longer being supervised, and I realized that I was the one where the buck would stop."
Today's post is going to be about shopping in the higher-end boutiques. Some readers are well versed in this activity, whereas other readers are making plans to visit some of those iconic stores for the first time. This post is mainly for the latter, but I hope the former stick around and offer some advice at the end.
Nevertheless, the writer insists he was the “closest political associate of Sheridan for 20 years and co-writer (or sole writer as he claims) of Sheridan’s book Imagine”. So he knows his subject.
The other night I went to dinner at a local sports bar with my wife and two of our children. While sitting at the table, I watched my daughters incessantly texting and checking their Facebook accounts. Then I realized my wife and I were also entranced by our IPhones. I looked around at the rest of the people in the restaurant and same exact scene; even the elderly were electronically engaged.
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
One young female member of the debate panel spoke with particular conviction and acrimony in support of denying liver transplants to alcoholics. She cited the editorial comments of a physician and others in which poor choices and behaviors justified denial of suitability for transplant. She had no hard data, but her certainty of position was compelling, even if morally reprehensible.
Granny Bloggings
“That will be €1.80,” said the pleasant assistant, handing us our regular tea. Do you charge for spoons, we asked, pointing at the stirring implements.
Also, plan to catch Stone Axe on Tour in Europe and the UK, ending at the world famous Roadburn Festival.
My name is Dana Frerich and I am a graduate student in the School of Education at the University of Colorado Denver. I am studying for a degree in School Library and am currently working on a research project for my required research course. I am looking for subjects to complete a survey that will help answer the following research question:
“Praise the Lord! For it is good to sing praises to our God.” Psalm 147:1
A new creation in Jerusalem, in Babylon
My previous theories about this have been too intellectual. I have hypothesized that they have a deeper psychological understanding of human motivation. But I've never really been happy with this explanation. It seems very much like a tautology.
-We can stop if it doesn’t work out
And how long do we want to stop ourselves from thinking
“He comes home late and eats by himself,” she said. “I add everything at the last minute to his portion only. He scarfs it down with lots of bread and butter. He says it’s great. ”
I would definitely recommend it to the US American 17- to 20-year-old set, however – as my then-boyfriend (a worldly man of 26) pointed out, it is a drink that actual grown-ups drink and therefore won’t immediately peg you as a teenie the way that asking the barman for a Bacardi Breezer will.
12. Read the obituaries: “When the death of Arsenius drew near, the brothers saw him weeping and asked, ‘Truly, Father, are you afraid?’ ‘Indeed,’ he answered them, ‘the fear which is mine this hour has been with me ever since I became a monk.’” “At the moment of our death we will all know for certain what is the outcome of our life” (St. Gregory of Sinai, 13th century).
As I weighed out my
If it becomes necessary to ask citizens to voluntarily decrease water usage, mass notification is a way to reach a large audience quickly and efficiently. Use your system sensibly and methodically to keep citizens informed.
The last thing that they want is a party that highlights their continual mismanagement of our national identity
We like it that Mr President is pressing on with major infrastructure projects – using federal stimulus funding.
Developmental editing (also called substantive editing).
Shepard: Size 2
Deep breaths as we cross this bridge into new territory. Typical peers. Peers where the difference in abilities will be VERY evident. Painful at times. But it's the best for Joaquin because this is REAL life. Not the safety bubble that special ed provides. Special Ed has a place and a time but I see now how easy it would be to crawl back to the safety net of it. BRAVE. Must be brave. Joaquin deserves this opportunity and I'm certain he will handle it WAY better than I will. Deep breaths.
into a star
PS - I'll post the Lemon Swirl Cheesecake Recipe this week, I didn't forget!!!
As I mentioned before, I am taking the Clean and Simple card class given by Jennifer McGuire, Kristine and Julie Ebersole.
All blogs that have a submission in this edition must re-post this digest from tip-to-toe on their blogs within 7 days. Re-posting the photo is optional and the use of the 'read more' tag is allowable after this point. Thank you, and enjoy!
Have you ever wished you weren't good at something? It took a long time for me to understand and accept that most of my talents are domestic. My mother lost my father when she was 27, and she taught both my brother and I that we should know how to do certain things for ourselves. I know how to change my own tire. My brother was admonished with "No woman ever shot her husband while he was washing dishes." But my mother was disappointed that I didn't enjoy many of the foods that she did. (If ground beef, chicken breasts, and cream of mushroom soup were made illegal tomorrow, she'd have a difficult time making tomorrow night's dinner, put it like that.) She was also highly critical whenever I did attempt to help--I could never stir fast enough or slice thinly enough. She made it clear that I should put more effort into learning to cook, and spoke of how backwards it was that my brother was more enthusiastic about it than I was.
4 squares (113 g) of unsweetened (or very dark) chocolate
I remember well the effect that the arrival of the big-box bookstores had in my hometown back in the 1990s. They hit the local independents like a tsunami, with most of those stores closing within a matter of months. People spent hours browsing the immense collections of books, films and music in these new stores. Business was good for the storeowners, too. During the holidays, the cash registers whirred without interruption like some kind of mad, mechanized symphony. And if that weren’t enough, you could always come by on the weekends for lattes and free performances by singer-songwriters in the bookstores’ shiny, new cafes.
* "Active Director Expects Double Dividend but loses Battle of the Bulge", here. A curious privacy case, this, in which an application to ban the defendants from telling the claimant's grown-up children by his first marriage that he had sired twins by his girlfriend was refused.
The weather in New York City has been glorious this past week (except for that whole freakish Tornado thing). I’ve talked about how much I love this season, when it starts getting chilly and people buy new school supplies — I love the promise of an empty notebook! Fall is also the season when Mr. Kitchen and I truly fell in love, so this season has all sorts of super happy memories for me. One of our best dates was going to some of the OpenHouse NY sites. Each year in the fall, there’s an “Open House NY” weekend, where sites that are generally not open to the public open their doors for everyone to visit. We got to visit the garden rooftops surrounding Rockefeller Center and the Mason’s lodge in the city. I love exploring the city and I was so so happy to discover that Mr. Kitchen did too.
Min 31: “Wait, is it time to post again?”
Overcome the odds
and I’m still letting you in my life,
that love doesn't die.
Plain jane, old-fashioned, rich & decadent: Cheesecake.
The fact that we are seeing similar trends here is reason to be more than concerned, as they say, where America leads Britain will follow, we already share spiralling levels of ethnic crime, together with a government and a media which seeks to hide the true figures. At the moment this is a much safer country than America, partly due to different gun laws, but, as we see daily on our news screens, more and more guns are finding their way onto the streets, and they are being used. With mass immigration that can only increase. How long will it be before we share more with America than a special relationship?.
And against one’s wishes, one is forced to ask, “Wonder what he means by these strange jokes and poetry?” But turns out Lennon knew what he was doing. Or at least he had his back covered through an introduction to the book (written by his good friend Paul McCartney) where it is made quite clear that, “There are bound to be thickheads who will wonder why some of it doesn’t make sense, and others who will search for hidden meanings.” But still, one wonders. And realises that he is back to where he started from. Not knowing if he likes the books or hates them.
3) I used the wrong sized pans
Iron me up to Pinchgut Island
I think some women take to motherhood really well, it suits them, and it comes naturally to them. For other women, like me, it takes a long time to adjust. Something I never expected was the pressure being a parent puts on you - not even day to day things like getting everything done - knowing that you are responsible for raising this little person, who will one day be an adult, and you better not screw it up. Sometimes it's overwhelming. It's been two and a half years since I became a mother and the shock is only just starting to wear off.
Devil’s Beard was a massive cargo net that was placed on one of the hills, it required you to get really low and avoid getting tangled while still going uphill. It was pretty damn difficult (seems like a trend).
I love going there because it's close, almost no traffic, and just so relaxing. Years ago, when Aliza was very little, she and Amira were digging with two small sticks. I asked them what they were doing, and Amira answered that they were digging to China...and Aliza took it seriously. Since they were using tiny branches, their deep exploration only succeeded in displacing about an inch or two of dirt, but it was wonderful. I have such great memories of this place. Each year, I marvel at how relaxing it is. We've sat in a few places, but a few years ago, we found what we consider the ideal spot.
Blue Moon - Full Moon
Original Air Date: Feb 18, 2012
This guy is now dead and done
It’s the common cold of writers everywhere. You sit down to the page with the expectation to write but nothing comes out. The gears are jammed. You know somewhere in your head is an idea waiting for its chance to bloom but you just can’t catch it.
In other news, I am planning my 40th birthday celebrations.
Greta's all finished, but there are a couple things I didn't write about in my haste to complete the bench build.
untill I checked that other people with the same figure all had the same quality.
6. Bad Horse, the thoroughbred of sin, and his singing letters.
Originally, I said that I would carry the new Timberline Tactical ECS for a few weeks. It did not work out so. I do not know if I have ever been both so impressed and disappointed in a knife, but that isn't exactly correct. It is a bit of a convoluted situation.
I bought a bird feeder about two weeks ago and hung it on a bracket on the garage. The children and missus stood vigil for hours, waiting for a bird to land on it. Nothing came. Just when it seemed a flop, the very next morning every bird within ten square miles was crapping on the lawn furniture while throwing the seed all over the driveway. Success. No so much with the hummingbirds. It has been nearly a month. The instructions said to change the sugar water weekly; I did so once and felt like an ass, so I haven't in three weeks.
Protestors included Tibetan laypersons, always some monks, and usually a few nuns.
Once an infidel and libertine
Why are things getting so competitive? Many housing markets are seeing a drastic decrease in the number of homes listed for sale, leaving homebuyers with fewer options and more bidding on the same house. Housing analysts say the shortage in supply is from sellers unwilling to take much less for their home than what they originally paid for it and pulling homes off the market. Also, a surge in investors who snatch up homes in bulk in all-cash deals has made the market competitive.
I absolutely hate to exercise. I really do. I think it is so boring. It also makes me feel even grosser and fatter than I am. All that jumping around makes my fat jiggle in a very disgusting way.
Two days before the waiver was granted, Falcone and his wife each donated the maximum $30,400 to the DNC. LightSquared CEO Sanjiv Ahuja made his own $30,400 contribution to the DNC on the same day he met with administration officials to discuss the waiver.
2 green chillies - slit
pour a little evoo in bottom of 9×13 pan so nothing will stick
Normally this would require a tool such as a Kreg Jig, but I'm not fancy enough to own one yet, so I made counter sink holes using a drill bit. I also took a skinny drill bit and made a pilot hole to help aid the screw in straight through both pieces.
9. Stay optimistic at all times if your goal is to raise your vibration.
I finished her up by adding enamel accents for buttons and stuff on the leather. To get them that tiny was REALLY hard... I did pretty good on most. HAHAHA. Because it is still going on, and it fits the Challenge of Anything Goes - - I am entering this into Kenny K's challenge this week.
Eileen's Irish Bread
Today I made a jar of Onion Soup Mix. I use onion soup mix when I cook my roasts, for dips and gravies.
Chris Smith and Gillian Evans are a husband and wife team volunteering in Uganda with Grameen Foundation through our Bankers without Borders® volunteer initiative. As Strategy Manager, Chris is responsible for business planning and Grameen Foundation’s relationship with MTN Uganda. Gillian is an Education Specialist, responsible for developing and applying training best practices in the field and helping build the training center of excellence in Uganda. Chris and Gillian live in Kampala with their two children and will complete their one-year volunteer term on July 31. You can read about their experience as a family living and working for Grameen Foundation in Uganda on their blog at www.smithsinuganda.com.
Sounds about right to me.
Silliness mostly aside, I have to say as industrial renewal and repurposing goes, I don't feel affronted by what Ikea has wrought. Granted of the many Brooklyn neighborhoods I have lived in Red Hook is not one of them, but my feeling overall was Ikea took a sow's ear and made a non offensive purse. Plus so far no Hopen in the waters.
Obviously the Wigan Traffic Engineer and our three Labour Councillors consider that the issue was decided a year before its implementation and that concerns of the local Community are of no importance.
Talk about Strops.
2002
Lately I've been working on a few simple drawings in a series of my favorite things.
The bit I found most interesting was a comment from one of the authors on the BBC report that said "...offer the possibility of new ways of treating high-risk individuals to develop better 'self control'" ... Really? The simple fact is that in over 7 years of recovery now I've not found a single alcoholic that can develop better self-control - we normally have spent several years in that battle, I had. There was no control possible I had to stop - but then the difficulty with the stopping was huge as alcohol ruled my life by then. Also all those I've met have reached some point of "rock bottom" - that doesn't have to be homeless, on the street, daily drinking but some form of emotional, spiritual, emotional or health rock bottom that has made them just give up the fight. All forms of rationalisation should, you would have thought, brought them to the understanding that they couldn't and shouldn't drink like they did a long time before that point.
But I did say “into action.” And I did have a specific category of action in mind, and I’ll tell you what action in a bit, but first a little re-cap of this essay so far.
the end of film. No idea what happened. But it wasnt bad for a non
but the church was earnestly praying to God for him.
**The eggs are still pretty strong. If you are carefull with them and store them in an egg carton between Easters then you can keep them forever without breaking.
“Thinking about Tucker and your brothers?” Ella asks.
I took a piece of drop cloth fabric that I had left over that had been washed and bleached a few times and I made it into a tote bag using another one as an example.
(This was so long I had to split it into three separate comments, which is how I found out that apparently Facebook comments have an 8000 character limit. Too bad it can’t be OVER 9000!!!) Me: Well, I hope your Thanksgiving was as enjoyable as mine.
"Will we be imaginary one day? Will we be just like one of Anne's stories? Or worse, will the story that survives be the Nazi one - that we were only ever good enough to be wiped out. How? How could anybody do this?"
Water Kefir
Will I wait a lonely lifetime
To complicate things a bit, you may need to adjust if you plan on using large legs — maybe 3 1/2 x 3 1/2 actual dimensions — or if you allow for a large overhang off the ends relative to the legs.
If it’s a crime to hold a girl’s grandmother hostage
Next week, the promised Happy Hexagon Tutorial!
As I walked past them to return the magazine I was reading, the girl says:
Many US National Team fans have bashed Bradley for his lack of scoring punch as a coach. I believe that the real problem can’t be solved at the national level, but is a result of things happening at the youth developmental level.
When I realised I had a bit of a late night desert landscape going on I ventured further by adding a road, started laying down trees along the horizon and then changed my mind. As you can see, instead I had them pop out where the dude’s eyebrows are and one sprouting out of the ground above the seed/eye.
One brain-bruising expositor, hiding behind the smug anonymity of the predictably unoriginal "Boere Basher", informed Moneyweb readers a fortnight ago he wanted nothing white in his life. Well, Boere Basher, one can only hope you've found some white-free serenity today beneath the scant shade of a mopani remote from any South African town or road. Hopefully, you've traded in all your fine clothes, shoes, watch, cellphone and laptop for a loincloth and a hunting spear handcrafted by one of your black brothers (a true African).
I love my kids!
Everytime I look at it, I think of Keely and the wonderful True Colors event and how marvelous it was to finally meet some of the artists for the first time -- and to reconnect with other longtime friends.
"If I hadn't worked through the eighth month"
Will gravely affect
Size: 14 inches, 1 2/3 pounds about the size of an eggplant
Especially of people wanting to get something out of reading these posts.
So I’m going to compare it to another cheap and really good concealer that I think often gets overlooked, and that is the Boots 17 Hide Away Concealer Cream.
Get this,I used to use long pieces of examining table paper which my patient and I would put on the floor and then we would trace his or her body shape. Most often they had determined it would have been much bigger than it turned out to be in reality. Then they would take the paper tracing home and creat a collage within the space using words,objects or colors which later we would discuss.
Jumping off my scooter I fly to the patio, not dripping but pouring water from my hat, sleeves, coat, legs everything! I noticed that I was being watched by a very corporate looking guy in a shirt and tie who was having a burger. Not surprising, I was quite the spectacle with my big yellow raincoat, camera, purse and backpack.
Feeling all our hopes have perished,
Seriously. I can't chew gum and talk on the phone at the same time.
last year at an antique mall. this was randomly hanging on the wall.
And if you haven't noticed, lots of my pictures are from instagram. If your just dying to see all my awesome pics, and I know you are, then follow me!! (@katie_stroud) Isn't technology wonderful.
If you, like me, are not particularly fond of conflicts, you should carefully select which conflicts to get involved in and which to stay out of. Coser (Folger et al. 1997 ) suggests that realistic conflicts are beneficial, as the conflict revolves around a disagreement of interests and the focus is on resolving the conflict. Non-realistic conflicts are the ones you want to avoid, as they are the expression of aggression where the purpose is to defeat the other party.
You, too, can draw on our expertise.
Disclosure: I was sent this product information, from either a PR agency or a company. Regardless, I only recommend products or services I would personally use and believe will be good for my readers. Your opinions may vary from my opinions. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission's 16 CFR, Part 255: "Guides concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.
Contact : 8899125600, 9690635353, 09897438438 – Mrs. Rachana Sharma
And a branch from his roots will bear fruit.
Although admittedly, these books weren't cheap but seeing myself in the future looking over these with Aaron when our kids are grown and out of the house and maybe with kids of their own, we'll always be able to recall these special moments - that is priceless. I know it'll be on the www for years to come but who knows what will happen. I'm also sure there was a way to do this myself but this way was so easy I couldn't pass it up.
My initial reaction was to wonder at the absurdity of offering three options. Nothing seems to be said about the proportion of votes required for any single option to be deemed the winner. Will it be more than one third or more than half? If the former it will lack legitimacy, if the latter it will set a very high hurdle for each option. 40% for staying in, 30% for withdrawal and 30% for renegotiation could be contrued as 70% for staying in but trying to change the unchangeable or as 60% for changing the status quo without any obligation on government to do anything about it. Either way it is completely unsatisfactory.
This is toward the definition I was inclined toward as an American historian: that brand of Christianity that first emerged out of the First and Second Great Awakening, in contrast to the dominant Puritanism and Anglicanism of the day. So what, qualitatively, defines evangelicalism? The document above, citing historian David Bebbington, defines four characteristics:
If you don't have a blog but leave us a comment here, you are still eligible for a prize. We don't want to leave anybody out :)
Sift together almond meal, flour, cinnamon, baking soda, baking powder, salt, nutmeg, ginger, all spice, red and black ground peppercorns. Set aside.
This is where philosophy and the real world come into conflict. It may seem like a simple proposition to start with, but things always seems to crop up. As a writer, there is an entire smorgasboard, (yes, a whole one smorgasboard) of distractions that may prevent you from showing up in front of your computer and writing.
When a gas-like odor emits, instead of pointing the finger at someone else, we will ALL say in unison, "IT WAS ME!"
So I thought it was probably time to write again.
She tries to talk to me. She whines and makes little noises at just the right appropriate times and we have long conversations. Something funny she does is HOWL whenever she hears a siren. We can hear a siren and either Tony or I will say, "just wait," and pause expectantly, and then we'll hear Gypsy break out in a heart-wrenching howl. And she'll howl til we can't hear the siren any more.
The worst has to be what I am struggling with at the moment, the dreaded bloggers block. I am finding it really hard to write. My mind has transformed into a barren dusty windswept desert devoid of an inspiration and the oasis of words, pictures and ideas which I seek is shrouded in a fug of woolly mist. There is probably so much I could talk about but I am finding it a challenge to simply tap out that first sentence. Help!
Laneige Water Bank Hydro Gel & Gel Cream
I buy what is in season (tends to be cheaper and fresher), what looks good in the store, and what is priced well. I try to buy good quality ingredients. As such, the food does vary somewhat from batch to batch. The dogs do not react to this variation in any way. Feel free to vary ingredients depending on what is available in your area or what you have in your freezer/fridge/pantry. It helps to be friends with your butcher to get good meat variation at great prices. The key is to stick to the proportions of Meat, Vegetables and Grains.
Remember that scene in Gladiator? When Russell Crowe is so fatigued; he knows he is going to lose, but he remembers all he’s been through; all he’s seen; and somehow he finds the strength to keep going? That’s the place I am trying to take my clients and myself. Because at the end of the day, it isn’t about having confidence to get naked (or whatever anyone’s particular goals might be); fitness is about uncovering the untapped confidence in your most primal of selves.
so to be a little different I made Two cards, its my
"It's not really in me to get too wound up about it," said Nicol. "Partly because that's clearly what they want, but also because I really don't think that whatever they're up to is going to make any difference to us in the long run."
-You can replace it for the water in bread or biscuit recipes.
Good Moring All, I hope you are having a good week, Last week I was very lucky, I Won the Sirstampalot Blog hop, The prize was absolutely fantastc, over £70.00 of Hero Arts crafting goodies. I Want to Thank Brenda and the team for selecting me as the winner and for the wonderful prize.
I asserted my agreement -- I too am a big fan of the rosemary pine nut cookies that come on the side of the budino.
–WHITE-FACED IBIS (80), Basin 2 Frank Lake, 6 km. E of High River, Dan Arndt and co.
I grew up in an interesting home. My mother was a cheerleader, but had subtle ways of making me feel like I was a work in progress. In retrospect, sending a slightly chubby 12-year-old to Weight Watchers with a neighbor seems a questionable thing for a mother to do.
tasted a few drops.
I take solace in reading–Game of Thrones, currently. The written word holds a neverending fascination for me. Writing & reading & learning have always been the things I loved to do more than anything else, but the practical side of me thought, I can always do that on the side but I need a “real” career to make money. 2/3 done with law school and I’m realizing that while I would make a good lawyer, I’m not at all excited to be one. Last night I thought, I will NEVER again do something just because it makes sense. A law degree will no doubt help me in whatever I choose to do, and I’ve learned a lot that is useful, but I’m not sure that will outweigh the three years I spend doing something that bores me. makes me realize that maybe that’s why I had to go to law school…to be forced to see that I’m meant to do something else.
So, when I read Laura Bruno’s blog post this morning that was speaking to the same, and after seeing countless blogs from others reiterating everything I’m experiencing or that I have come to feel is taking place, it’s another nudge that all is well and a reminder to trust your intuitive and heart guidance, as it really DOES have the answers. I felt I should go ahead and briefly share my synchronous alignment with Laura and others, rather than keep it to myself, so others might also find that supportive puzzle piece that answers the nudges and questions they’ve been getting about their transformative experiences.
5.F. FRONT AND REAR FENDERS
And for my inaugural post, a quick Q&A with myself.
Grandma taught Sunday School for forty years. I have her bibles, hymnals and Luther’s Catechism, her German glass picture with the Lord’s Prayer, a primrose, butterflies, a bird.
And here it is.
Maybe.”
Preparing to release their first album in the coming months, Nuda is a promising band that mixes regional Brazilian rhythms with alternative rock and experimentation. Maruimstad expresses the most exciting facet of the band and shows their ability to innovate while pleasing from the first listen.
blog-worthy
There’s a glut of sound packed into most tracks, which works both for and against the band. While it makes for an interesting spin, it restricts the listener from completely engaging each track. The ADHD-like shifts peppered throughout illustrate the band’s incredible talent, but at times the erratic demonstations come across as a band flexing their musical muscle for the sake of it.
o HB 1356 (Rep. Scott Petri, R-Bucks): Allows the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board (PLCB) to hire employees outside of the Civil Service Act, allows the PLCB to establish a classification and compensation for these employees that shall not be subject to the Administrative Code, and allows the PLCB to purchase all goods and services deemed necessary at its sole discretion.Let me translate that for you. HB 260 will let the PLCB offer coupons and 'membership' programs, open all their stores till 9 PM on Sundays, and dump more money into the PLCB's budget through fines (fines that are, I'd remind you, imposed by what amounts to an independent system of courts and police). HB 1356 will allow the PLCB to become a total patronage pesthole, hiring whoever they see fit -- under the guise of hiring wine and spirits "experts," experts along the line of Joe Da CEO, I assume -- and buying whatever they want -- more kiosks? more crap vodka brands? more 7' tall bumblebee costumes? -- without any oversight.
So he’s gifted and talented (like anyone else can tell me otherwise), which is down to nature and nurture (genes and parenting), but he is just such a joy to watch, even when he’s trying to manipulate me or his mum. Its so hard sometimes trying to keep a straight face when telling him off, because it is sheer delight watching him in full flow. And he is just 1 of my 3, and they are the tonic, spirit uplifters and reasons to smile when I think of how priviledged I am.
We always look forward to our weekly dates, even the more low key ones at the deli. It is so nice to get out of the house away from the worries and stresses of home. It is wonderful for me not to have to worry about cooking dinner or doing dishes for 1 evening a week, and we can have time just to focus on each other. Weekly dates are something I really recommend, if you can find a way to make them work! There are lots of obstacles to keep people from doing it, but with a little hard work and planning I think it's possible for most people to at least do monthly dates or even twice a month, without breaking the bank!
Keeping going because there is a dream out there. Seeing only emptiness and fire. Challenging the emptiness. Going through the fire. Trusting that the dream is on the other side. Trusting yourself. Not giving up.
Please prayerfully consider joining me & dedicate this week, through emails, social network status. At this beginning of this season of thankfulness help share 7 days of HOPE with your readers, family and friends.
John Safran’s Race Relations – The best Australian show of the year. The more of John Safran you’ve seen the more you’ll appreciate this incredibly personal, incredibly honest, incredibly funny romp into the romantic mind of the Safran. The show shouldn’t really have been pitched as John Safran exploring how interracial, interfaith couples cope with each other and should have just come out and said that the show was all about John Safran being Jewish and being in love with Eurasians.
As I promised in my tweets, here is the birthday post. Today marks the third year anniversary of The Infinite Vertices and how do I celebrate it? In a library on my school’s campus. In case you hadn’t been reading my tweets, I accidentally spilled juice on my laptop two Sundays ago, and now it is being determined if the motherboard needs repair or replacement. This means that my posts can’t be in-depth as they usually are, because the computer lab schedules don’t work well with my blogging schedule.
But the killings appeared to have the
Board Member, Google, Inuit, and Ex CEO & Founder, VMware
Padthai, banana pancakes, fried bananas, mango sticky rice, and of course, my favorite…pineapple shakes! The taste buds are always on overload in SE Asia. There are many things I didn’t try because I don’t like spicy food. But the things I have tried that I like, I just can’t seem to get enough of them! Pineapple shakes are my absolute favorite – I think it’s because they are so light and yet, so sweet! Last night, I tried fried bananas and they are awesome. The chicken and pork satay is always good when walking around….nothing like eating meat off a stick! Even western food is interesting…..nothing tastes quite the same! In Penang, I tried the Nonya style of food – way to spicy for me…but certainly an adventure!
Take note how Jackson leaves out the doctor title and simply refers to him as Jonas Savimbi.
5/23/7:30pm – Kraeusen starting to settle down, primary appears to be past. Temp = 68˚.
At least the objectification that comes from pornography looks at the entire woman’s body and not just her uterus.
Why I thought of le cadeau de rupture today, I have no idea. I've never received one and I hope I never do, but I know those who have given and those who have received.
The coin lands in your hand because, like all matter, it has inertia – which is the tendency to maintain its state of motion (in this case traveling along the road with the car), so as the car & you move along the road so does the coin. Thus, it will land in your hand. You can apply the same argument to the moving Earth, just imagine the Earth as being like the moving car and everything on the Earth as the coin.
* Transfer 375ml of the water to a large jam pan.
04. Circumstantial Evidence
D. He suffered but only as much as was necessary to pay for our sins.
11-09 Seattle, WA - Key Arena
I wanted to list some family trees so if anyone is looking for a connection
Just have fun and come play with us :)
I absolutely love watching both of my boys play. I cheer their awesome plays and feel heartache when they make a mistake.
11. Make chicken salad by combining guacamole with chunks of cooked chicken and chopped scallions
Eleanor’s relationship with Theo is also an interesting one, and provides the film with yet another suggestive facet open to interpretation. The conversations between the two women, and Theo’s apparent jealousy of Eleanor’s childish crush on Dr Markway, understatedly suggest Theo’s lesbianism. As these exchanges are so understated, they’re arguably open to interpretation, but they provide the characters with so much depth and nuance. In any other film, the self-assured and liberated Theo might eventually end up in bed with man-about-town Luke. Not so in The Haunting.
This new deal between TCB and Maclays still allows for Maclays to source "certain products outwith the agreement" however, according to the SLTN article, Tennent's believes that it will be able to "cover most of its (Maclays) beer needs". What 'certain products outwith the agreement' are TCB referring to? Well, Greene King, which own the Belhaven range of beers, has said that they are "delighted to continue to supply a selection of brands to Maclay".
So, the message is being encoded by me, transmitted to my computer, encoded electronically, possibly compressed, transmitted to various places, decoded by the computers there, that message is rendered in a format that should be visible, which is then transmitted to someone’s eyes. Then the message is encoded into a pattern of light, transmitted via EM radiation to the eye, encoded again by the rods and cones transmitted to the brain via nerve cell,and the brain must perform multiple decoding steps on the message.
Location: Dominican Republic
Original Gravity: 1.057.
156. Kris (크리스) real name is Wu Yi Fan (吴亦 凡)
"Inspiring, wasn't he?" one of us said.
Turning to pubs, it would seem pretty damn obvious, that minimum pricing will not save a single pub. I'm all for saving pubs though and like CAMRA, who support minimum pricing, I believe the pub is the most appropriate place to drink alcohol responsibly, but is this really the way to go about it? Maybe if minimum pricing had been considered long ago, before the gap got out of hand, a case for minimum pricing could be made, but now it just seems the wrong policy at the wrong time. A case for supporting a ban on below cost selling of alcohol could certainly be made and could probably be supported, but minimum pricing is a dangerous Trojan Horse and support for it seems to place CAMRA a little too close to the anti alcohol camp, a place where surely an organisation dedicated to beer drinking ought not to be?
I am not a native Natalian. I arrived in Durban on a January morning of my seventeenth year. The moist air carried the scent of frangipani and promise. I still feel the thrill of expectation on those still ,clear Durban mornings that dawn with such shimmering intensity.
Co-Signers Double Autograph cards
Scott and I had booked a city tour with our guest house. Along with a fellow guest from London, we had our own driver and a car available to take us all around the city for the day to see all of the famous sites of New Delhi.
It was a wonderful idea, but I don’t think it was executed too well!
In the intrest of full disclosure, I should mention that I am a full on fan of my iPad in the cockpit of an airplane! Other than that it is simply a handy way to surf part of the web (no flash) and read blogs. Without the in-flight capabilities of the iPad, i would have to call it an $800 trinket!
1/2 cup chopped strawberries
What ..... no rain today?! I think it's a trick to make me do the washing and hang it out before the big down-pour lol. Well, the washing is out so we just have to wait and see, it has gone rather dark :).
3 acad
After he died,
I sat on the arm of the couch, ready to leave when the commercial came on. But when the commercial came, I stayed. Mom said not a word. Next one, I told myself. But I didn’t leave. I was hooked.
And here’s to those willing to share The Ropes.
She loves penguins, purses and pj's. Her favorite food is chicken nuggets, and she loves chocolate.
'Can we order some coffees?' Note the absence of any polite P word.
Currently heading out of North Texas .. through Central Oklahoma .. extending through east Kansas … through Central Missouri — into southwest and central west Illinois.
I appreciate my life, and don’t get me wrong I think this world is a great place, but humanity has sent it astray, we live within a multifaceted society and people’s opinions greatly differ from one and other I suppose each of us hold our own contrarian beliefs. I believe the greatest impediment of humanity is greed; in today’s world people rely on semantics; greed is misguidedly considered need. We as a nation have demoralized our beliefs in order to make way for “better things” the world is officially in a state of mass hysteria; although violence is not always displayed; people often share the same train of thought, the same hunger for perfection, the very same “need” for more. This “need” has often times resulted with insurgency, people are constantly trying to over throw the “higher power” although the world has went through significant changes we still lie within a hierarchy. Life is separated into different sects, in a simplistic point of view there are those who hold power and those who do not. Those who initially have power always want more, and those without it are constantly trying to obtain it.
For all those wish for more excitement while running in the city….join The Color Run!!! For this race, runners must wear a white shirt at the start. At each kilometer mark, runners are doused with powder of a different color (1k is yellow, 2k is blue, 3k is green, 4k is pink) until the 5k mark where runners reach the “Color Extravaganza.”
The right have always had a core vote and this has naturally grown over the years, certainly the BNP have become more prominent but it is not this that has augmented such voting patterns, thee primary factor has been the changed street, the altered demographic and the besieged, bewildered and the angry white ,indigenous community. Yet such a non-core vote is hard to keep, angry, frightened individuals, little interested in politics. Want action and they want it now, they vote for the BNP and see little to no change, next time they either decline the invitation to vote, using the “They’re all the same”, argument or they place their approval elsewhere. Yet the core vote of the right remains almost wholly fixed, some drop out but in the main it stays constant, so we see that thee overriding factor for the growth of the rights vote has been the changing face of our nation, therefore the racial question is still relevant, still worth addressing, they failed to do so.
Cupcake Definition
And anyway her contract was up soon, if anything went down she wouldn’t be coming back to this office ever again.
I used binding on the sleeves, the zipper (my idea) and the hem of the dress. All of the seam binding in Virginia's stash is 100% rayon however when I went to the fabric store to replenish they had a polyester blend which was very stiff in comparison and just not very nice.
Finally, there is a new butcher, imaginatively titled "The Butcher Shop". It's near Woolworths, in the square in the corner. From Woollies, go past the chemist and jeweler, and look to the right, across from the Shiny Things Shop. (Not its real name.) They're in the new tradition of butchers, with house-made sausages and ready made kebabs and marinated ready-to-go roasts. They stock King Island beef. I haven't checked all the details about what's local and what's free range yet, but I can say that the sausages, silverside and lamb chops that I've had so far have all been top quality.
Kid #2 No, I’m eating macaroni salad.
But then, if Wallace wasn't responsible, who was? Over the years, many theories have been put forward, one of the most popular concerning an ex-colleague of Wallace, Richard Gordon Parry. Parry had a shady reputation, and it's been suggested he went over to Wallace's house with the intention of stealing the insurance takings. However, if theft was the motive, it wasn't a very good one, as there was hardly any money in the cash tin. Plus, while this money had been removed, other cash in the house remained untouched.
He was a really nice guy and easy to talk to. I can’t honestly say he made me genuinely laugh out loud but I could imagine him being a pal. Not to mention, the lack of attraction to him. Exactly, I didn’t mention any, that would be, because there was none. Sorry, I tried.
Doors at 9:00pm
So, Katie my first piece of advise to you is if you want to get boys to like you, you should become a giraffe and get yourself videotaped getting your giraffe freak on. So, Katie from what I can tell, there are about six ways to get fifteen year old boys to like you.
And yet the very people who love her outrageously have nothing for her. And anything we might offer would be even worse than nothing. It would be a lie.
He always does.
Here are some shots from today;
* Advanced research training
But now, for your perusal, here is the damning evidence courtesy of my local ASDA - who continue to stock old branded cans and new branded bottles side by side, along with their old and new versions of the truth... (click on the pictures to expand - or find full transcripts at the original Curmudgeon page here)
McKenna wrote an excellent research paper on The Colony Collapse Disorder regarding Honey Bees, and since then we have been totally in love with all things relating to Bees!
The “Big Daddy (or Mamma)”
I contacted Bramon to get the recipes for the baked camembert and the rosemary plaited bread. The gave me the camembert but then told me that the bread recipe was a secret! I can understand it of course, it was very good.
Teauna
Shoulders to ride on if I win
#24 1980 Sergio Oaxaca EP Bel Air 800 Meters 1:51.55
The Fanat in the Hat!
Cruising through town (we had one flashing light on the main street when I was growing up), friday night football games, pasture parties, etc. Those of ya’ll who didn’t grow up in “Big G” probably don’t know this, but we actually enjoyed our school cafeteria food! We had great desserts and how many schools actually served carne guisada? Unfortunately they say it’s not the same anymore (probably because they don’t let them serve sugar or fat!) We actually had Longhorns stampede through our town square.
Osama’s death has not put an end to world terrorism but has paralysed the dangerous terrorist group and taught a lesson that all murderers will be killed.
So avoid the rocks and snail shells and try to get golden leaves.
Darkness, and worms, and shrouds, and sepulchres.
GROUNDING TIP: Go barefoot where possible on the naked earth (soil, sand, stone or grass). Just 15 minutes can totally reboot and refresh your system, reducing stress, inflammation, calming emotions, settling a busy mind, easing psychic sensitivity and helping you think clearly and manifest successfully.
- Embroidery and Ink
Checking each lock, then returning to bed
The name of Silla in Hanja – 新羅, means to “cast a net far and wide to accept talents from all over the world”. From the beginning of its existence, Silla was one of the most open nations in East Asia at that time.
Why do I bother with weather forecasts? It is cloudy, and warmer than it has been, but now the forecast is for just a slight chance of rain today, with the heavy rain coming tonight. Tomorrow may turn out nicer than they were predicting as well. We’ll see. We could really use rain, lots of it. The creeks are drying up, they look like they do in late August, and it’s only the middle of April. I think I’ll do my rain dance when I go for my walk.
I cut the letters and ampersand on my Cricut and stitched through them with some pink thread. A little fussy cutting of of some of the diamond patterned paper and the flowers, and I created a fun and memorable page.
But that’s not the way it went. Tolkien ran Frodo through the ringer before he was done and that’s what you have to do with your characters as well.
“Look, the very fact that a ‘no’ could even be said underscores to our country that we must diversify our energy export markets,” Harper told Harman in front of a live audience of businesspeople, scholars, diplomats, and journalists.
Overall the day went smoothly, and we may have a new brewer in our midst, if my neighbor stays hooked. I was really pleased with the CPVC manifold on the cooler -- I recirculated lass than a half-gallon of runnings before the wort cleared, and it was crystal clear, as in "read the newspaper through the tubing" clear. Beautiful color on the beer, too. Incidentally, the OG into the fermenters was 1.072, for a brewhouse efficiency of about 78 percent, which is very acceptable for a batch sparger like myself.
You know... while I'm at it...
Thank you for stopping by and for your continued support.
I'm constantly finding half drunk cups of coffee round the house that I've forgotten about - at least the microwave is getting some use :c)
Several incoming phone calls later with the courier who’s mobile could not receive calls and the situation was not improving quickly enough for my liking; it was snowing and I had about $30,000 of loaned camera around my neck. I had had no luck discussing the west gate dilemma with anyone but returned to the nearest guy to clarify, on the first asking he had referred me to the chap I’d asked previously so I didn’t pursue it. On the second time of asking he seemed a little more direct “Ask ze man zere! He can help you! ”“No, he can’t” I informed him, “Vy not?!” he responded, an octave higher and sounding increasingly like a character from ‘Allo Allo’. Fortunately his English turned out to be more than a little good and, at length, once we were clear on the problem it was he who solved the riddle. The courier was at entirely the wrong museum but only 10 mins down the road; I was unable to contact him so walked with hope rather than expectation, coat-less into the blizzard, shielding the camera under my jumper as I went. I was pleased to finally meet him and although the whole thing had been dragged out so long that I was freezing, hungry and 2 hours behind schedule a coffee on the way back eased my worries and I remembered how lucky I was to be there at all. My rediscovered peace was short lived, however, as I finished my coffee to find myself in some sort of ‘Fawlty Towers’ tribute. With the flash equipment all set up and ready to go I reached for the very essential but non-existent sync cable. I had specifically mentioned the sync cable in store. I had watched him put it in the bag. But it wasn’t there. Cue frantic John Cleese moment that may have amused the audience of the CCTV but wasn’t what I’d had in mind for the day. I took my coat this time and went myself.
So...as you can see, life is great here in Santa Cruz do Sul and I am very very happy! And I´ve got to go! Lots more work to do! Today is a national holiday in Brazil...A Dia da Proclamação da República....so it´s going to be a perfect day to find people at home.
It is a tradition at our house to celebrate with cheese fondue. This is an ideal meal, very social, easy to prepare and little cleaning up work afterwards paving the way ready for an evening of entertainment as well as present opening. The 'surprises' are opened one for one, first the 'tongue in cheek' poem is read aloud, and then the package is opened to reveal the gift(s). The exchange of regular presents is equally commonplace. The presents are not generally extravagant but this does not in any way detract from the occasion. On the contrary my husband has been shocked to see the way Christmas presents are opened in England. In just minutes flat parcels are ripped open with increasing frenzy, the contents, carelessly tossed aside without a glance. He was also astonished to find out that a visit to Santa Claus (if he could be found) was relatively expensive. Actually he was quite disillusioned with 'Christmas'.
“I’ll see you tomorrow, Mrs. Murphy.”
A small picture on the back, yeah. That’s completely fine. BUT THE WHOLE BACK COVER!?!
“The EDL supporters were very peaceful and the police have been very supportive in the pre-planning and on the day. I am very proud of the way this morning has been handled.”
Along with the energetic change must come the healing. This is your next step – to heal, to release all past. Be willing to do this. Have a willing intent. We will help you with our energy of love if you ask. As you proceed forward, acknowledge your great feeling energy, your heart, led by your own Higher Self. With each release, each step, your vibration is able to rise a little more, freeing your Soul. Step by step is the way forward. A little at a time. To look at the entire journey at once is often too daunting. The ego self steps in and says “I can’t.” The words “I can’t” hold you to the past. Lock you into staying just as you are, blocking your evolutionary growth, holding you back in third dimensional energy.
I had them when I was a kid.
I’m not saying that we need to wallow in our fleshiness and be melodramatic and make a scene about it. But, why can’t we just be honest?
One of the funniest authors around, Andy Griffiths is coming to Christchurch for some school visits in May. If you’re not lucky enough to go to one of the schools he’ll be visiting you can come and meet him in person and get your books signed at The Children’s Bookshop (227 Blenheim Road) on Sunday 6 May, from 1:30-2:30pm.
Recently, I’ve been absorbing Keith Richards’ autobiography and he pays us a high compliment. He explains that good groupies provide mothering and care. They do it from their hearts and without much expectation of anything in return. Oh, I know they have a “reputation” and their sexual exploits are well documented, but aside from that, there are other needs that they fulfill. Mostly, a good groupie doubles as a muse, providing inspiration and support, helping to keep these artists on track and give them much needed TLC. This business takes its toll. It’s no wonder so many go down dark roads, some never to return.
Fort Severn First Nation works to save fleet of historic canoes
It would be a personal failure to cast blame on Rene solely or to accuse her of "well you should have known better... cause, ya knew SOMETHING was up." Neither of us really knew where any of this was going... If anything, I was praying it would go away completely. It didn't. Possibly to a fault, neither did Rene.
More than that, however, it highlights something that every writer signing a publishing contract needs to be aware of: the importance of reversion clauses (which publishers often like to keep as vague as possible so they can hold on to rights for as long as possible), and the problems that can arise even when authors and their agents re-write open-ended reversion clauses to make them more precise.
So last night I attended my first ever DC vintage lovers/bloggers event (blog post to come soon!) and I figured if I was going to be meetin' and greetin' I should probably have some cards to pass out. Isn't it so fun to say "Let me give you one of my cards"? "Here, take a card". I pretty much perfected my card pass.
When I started the serial, I wanted to write about real men and women with flaws and strengths struggling to rebuild society in the zombie wastelands. If history has shown us one thing, it’s that humans survive in communities. I didn’t want to create a world of alpha males and subservient women, or vice versa. I wanted to write about real people dealing with real life issues while facing the undead hordes. I didn’t want to shy away from the difficulties of creating a new community. Differences of opinion, religion, culture, etc. were definitely going to cause problems at some point. Little did I realize that the issues my characters tackled in the online serial (which ran from 2005-2007) would become hotbed issues in 2012. Religion, gay rights, and gender equality are all topics the people in the fort are forced to deal with while still dealing with bandits and zombies.
*Sigh*. Youth. It goes so fast.
A sigh escaped my lips. “You don’t have to do this.”
On top of all the new "symptoms" that come along with being pregnant in your third trimester, all of those super annoying ones from your first trimester come back.
2. McDonalds has announced the return of it’s Monopoly game famed for buying and selling property, houses and hotels. If McDonalds french fries can’t pull the housing market out of turmoil…nothing can.
Pube Nazi: Trying to keep my girlish figure.
The design process is very fluid for me, sometimes things change along the way, a room comes together and suddenly what I thought (or my client thought) was perfect, is not quite right. So my job is to be flexible and continue to source and suggest additional options or ideas, or go back to plan A, which sometimes simply has to be proven to be the best. Kirsten Krason at 6th Street Design School wrote a great series last week on this very subject, if you didn't read it go back and check it out.
Suede So young UK
You are creative
J.D: Hey, Mr. Coleman, how are you feeling?
These produce a slow wobble, which can be connected to control the pitch of the oscillators, the cutoff of the filter or the volume (see my tutorial on wobble bass here 'Slow' means anything from a full wobble every second or two, to a steady whirr.
but instead roar with courage,
Also, each July, the birthday of the 14th Dalai Lama is celebrated with fanfare at his Ladakhi home, which he himself sometimes attends.
He still looks like Phil Lynott's dad.
I love this little beast more than anything, but he is driving me bonkers. He’s also become extra needy lately, and usually just with me. He lets Dad do a few other things when they are together, but when I am around he demands ALL 100% of my attention. I don’t know if that’s common with other babies??
Serving Size: 22 grams (2 Heaping Tbsp)
4. Mamata (Affection)
But the most explosive allegation in the news story comes from former Democratic congressman Patrick Kennedy, son of the late Ted Kenney, who calls what the Obama White House is doing "quid pro quo."
We had a great Winter 2011 together! We skied and skated. Lena and I went to a Mommy and Daughter Nutcracker Tea. I love the Nutcracker Ballet so this was fun and kid friendly. Lena picked out her dress and asked her hair to be done in pig ear knots. I think it turned out super cute! The tea was a blast for me but especially for Lena. The BNC Ballet did a wonderful job keeping the kids attention...they learned a dance and then performed it. A lady, as the maid from the Nutcracker, read the story from her perspective! So creative!
Historically workers oppose fascism by fighting all attempts to smash the working class movement. This means forming self-defence organisations like Greek workers are doing today. Against the powers of the capitalist state to divide and rule it, the working class has its own power as THE class that creates the wealth and which can protect its interests by taking control of production and of society. It has the capacity to replace the bourgeois family with cooperative and collective labour. The tiny parasitic class of capitalists then finds that its power and wealth dissolves back into the dead labour of generations of workers which when expropriated by the working class becomes the economic base of a socialist society.
Track is from debut album of Kam dhillon who did great work with Tumbi, the tone of this Tumbi is unmatched and unbeatable, its a masterpiece a must listen for all Truemuziklover. though this artist havnt released any of his work since second album impulsive.
1 pound salted codfish
The naming practices of certain peoples suggest this too. For us, a name is a permanent label which defines our individuality and autonomy. But Australian Aborigines, for example, do not have fixed names which they keep throughout their lives. Their names regularly change, and include those of other members of their tribe. Other native peoples use tekonyms – terms which describe the relationship between two people – instead of personal or kinship names.
Examples: Ch 1, sc in first sc, *ch 1, sk next ch-1 sp, sc in next sc, rep from * to last st, 1sc in last sc, turn.
Identification with Jewish tradition and history
In order to get to the "After" status, I also painted all the trim inside the closet and the coat racks with high-gloss Behr Swiss Coffee paint. I already had a quart of this since it's what we'll be using to paint most, if not all, the trim in the house. I suppose the "After" picture should be titled "In Progress", since there's still more painting to be done to get this area in tip top shape. The center and outside portions of the door frame and the door itself need to be painted. Badly. They haven't been painted in decades and after living here for more two years (and two kids to show for it), we're tired of looking at the dirty, yellow things.
As the lady applied the last touches of the powder on my face, my thoughts strayed again.
Currently there are few practical restrictions on nose height; the 2009 aero regs did prevent bodywork being added high up to the top of the nose, such as the bridge wings and antler horns we saw in 2008.
For a mother that scrapbooks as much as I do and is as nuts about photography as much as I am- this is heart breaking to me. It's like the little glimpse of memories that I have taken with my camera have flown away to who knows where and I am sad...
Star will take responsibility for their landscaping, signs, doors and new edge
For it is a ghost’s right,
I liked the result of the live-blog style post for my last brew day, so I am going to do this one the same way.
While working behind the cash register of his deli, Howe also holds down a job with The Paris Review. George Plimpton has a supporting role in the book – and Howe writes him delightfully. Plimpton’s portrayed as intelligent, witty, capricious, mercurial – it’s a lovely tribute to the late publishing icon. While funny, the episodes of The Paris Review also portray the literary magazine’s waning influence, casting a poignant pall.
My sweet Hubby had to go on a business trip to Basingstoke, England. This is about an hour outside London. He flew out on Saturday and my oldest granddaughter and I followed on the following Wednesday.
The centerpiece of this 4,412-acre preserve is Purisima Creek Canyon, with its towering redwoods, rushing creek, and understory of ferns, berries, and wildflowers. Coastal scrub and hardwood forests of tanoak, madrone, and Douglas fir border the cool moist canyon. Magnificent views of the coast and Half Moon Bay are visible from the northern part of the preserve.
Today’s outfit
17. - interview in swedish -
I first read these early strips in paperback collections published by Holt, Rinehart and Winston some twenty years after the fact. Most of us have never had the chance to see them one a day, as they were originally meant to be read in a daily newspaper, until now.
Evie has these nightmares that started once she got accepted to college…she doesn’t understand it, but it’s terrifying. I feel like I should write more about the story, but if I do…it gives away the secrets and when you read WHAT exactly is going on…*sigh. I can’t say anymore. Oooohhh…but I want to. No spoilers…it’s too good to spoil.
I'm so grateful spring is upon us (laughing in my head because I don't think we had a winter this year) and the garden will be going in very soon. Can't wait to pull those clean foods straight out of my back yard! :-)
Did I mention it’s a bicycle?
Duqesne University
This year the Pirates started Wilson again at AAA and he has been more consistent in his former starting role. Last night, Wilson combined with two other pitchers for a no hitter for the Indianapolis Indians against the Durham Bulls. He pitched 7.2 innings and struck out 9 while walking only 2. Two other pitchers were used to finish out the game.
2 tablespoons freshly grated Pecorino cheese
~Richard Price
Of course I laughed and dismissed it. My problem solving abilities were one of my most powerful strengths. Now, though, I’ve come to realise that on some levels, she was right (Carole, you can say you told me so, but only once – OK?).
According to my parents, the bank was run in an uncompromisingly strict way. Lateness and absenteeism were not tolerated and people's personal circumstances were regarded as irrelevant. When I was born, at 3.30pm on a cold March afternoon, there was no question of my father being allowed to leave work an hour early, or even make a phone call outside the allocated break times.
A lot of the pictures I take using instagram are little things that I wouldn’t normally take a picture of, little snapshots of everyday life, and I love the vintage effects that make everything look that little bit more special.
A single problem
Pet Services
What a great week this has been with all the gorgeous stamp sets being revealed. Thanks so much for spending part of your day with me. See you tomorrow for a special blog post using Momenta and Purple Cows.
from whose photograph you must have felt the Presence of some other kind of LOVE emanating.
Daughter: I need another wee though
While on the pier waiting for the Gull to glide past we were kept busy watching and photographing four Shags that came in close to the harbour wall as Kittiwakes and Herring Gulls passed by. Joined by Brendan we waited patiently for the Gull that seemed reluctant to show itself so we busied ourselves taking photos of Turnstones and Kittiwakes that were perching
I feel a bit ashamed that, even at my advanced age, I still haven't worked out how to have a life, while also having a rest.
“Do you want to make me bring our heavy ordy out?” I think it is Sam that offered that pearl of wisdom. I cannot tell if Rick or anyone else from the front of the convoy have joined the parlay.
Kaplan is also a translator of fiction and non-fiction from French to English. Her translations include Roger Grenier’s Another November (1998) and The Difficulty of Being a Dog (2000) and Evelyne Bloch-Dano’s Madame Proust (2007).
At first when I was given the assignment, I figured that I was supposed to open up companies’ websites, look at the “Contact Us” page, and copy the info. Easy, right? But then I was told that the main email addresses for companies, like info@companyname.com, lead to an inbox abyss where nothing gets read. So I should look at the bylines of specific articles related to our website’s theme, and stalk that poor reporter with every social network available.
The album, titled ‘Une Annee’, is said to be compromised of nine songs including the title track,“Hush”, and the previously released track “April 19th”.
I looked at my eyes. The windows to the soul. Dark pools of light. Truth hides behind and a mischievous sparkle invites you in. Yet it belies a deep sadness, grief for beyond what is troubling the mind now.
takes place so automatically. At Yale
A wasteland deep beneath the snow,
I want peace, I want love, I want You God,
“There are few places in America more evil, or more steeped in witchcraft and demonic influences, along with false prophets, divination and corruption, than the border region of northern Mexico and the Rio Grande Valley of south Texas,” Elijah told The Christian Post.
The internecine battles currently being waged between Gnu atheists and their accommodationist brethren and sistren continue to divide supporters of science who otherwise are natural allies. One front in this war is the issue of what and how we scientists, science teachers, and science boosters should communicate.
KCK is still fighting an uphill battle. The tax base has continued to erode in two ways, as people continue to move away (albeit more slowly than before), and their property values took much more severe hit than most areas during this downturn.
and the aging parents thing is looming large.
Born into a well-off family, he went to Haberdashers’ Aske’s Boys’ School in Hertfordshire, where he won a place to study Law at Oxford.
If you are stopping by because of Serendipity Magazine, let me say welcome! And thanks to Sia for making this happen. If you would, leave a comment and let me know where you are in the world. I know that Sia's efforts reach many people around the globe, so I'd love to know where you all are coming from.
On the phone for hours on end,
Any who disbelieve that Islam is an incarnation of evil will have to accept the reality that we know to be true. If they can look at the following photos and walk away unscathed by the experience and still defend Islam then they are one of two things. Evil, or simply not worth saving.
I was impressed with Jesse because even without his best pitch he made it through six innings giving up two runs, only one earned. Still he walked too many, four, and now has walked nine in 17.1 innings in his first four starts. His problems are mainly coming from right handed batters who are hitting him hard at a .327 pace and eight of his nine walks are against the them. Jesse is still a work in progress. I remember watching Trevor May pitch in Clearwater two years ago and struggle. Later that season he was sent back to Lakewood for a second year. It was the best thing for him and now May is one of the best pitchers in AA with the R-Phillies.
Tx #8
You ever knew
The MACC should therefore be proactive in carrying out independent investigations into corruption in the system and develop indicators to identify corruption in migration practices and policies, instead of merely waiting for individual case reports to be filed before they react. Tenaganita also proposed that the MACC look critically at the links between corruption and human trafficking.
The advertised food is not food from nature, but from industrial processes. And these are foods that, for the most part, have acidifying effects in our body, making us more vulnerable to disease, which leads us to needing medicine. Nature doesn’t have a budget for advertising, but it does have an answer for both needs: feeding us, and keeping us healthy. Brilliant!!
The Vegetarian Wrap is advertised as a soft spinach flour tortilla filled with grilled portobello mushrooms, roasted red bell peppers, arugula and balsamic dressing $8. Although this was better executed and much tastier than the cubano, it was still quite plain and unastounding. The veggies were nicely done and fresh tasting. They were incredibly juicy, though, making the wrap messy to eat.
As a Tow-Knight Entrepreneurial Journalism Fellow at the CUNY Graduate School of Journalism, I am one of 16 lucky new media entrepreneurs who have access to world class mentors, financial opportunities, industry leaders, venture capitalists and like-minded thinkers. It is difficult to classify the program as a seed accelerator (because no seed funding is provided from the get-go), an incubator (because of the aforementioned relationships and opportunities that go beyond free office space), or an intrapreneurship for in-house academic experiment (because we have no obligations to continue our relationship with the university after the program ends).
- turnip (cubed)
Without warning, the students found piles of orange-colored fries on their trays as they shuffled through the lunch line. A few of my kindergarten students mentioned that they didn't like or weren't sure of the new-to-them fries as we sat down, but I encouraged them all to "just eat 2" of them. That is my policy with any of the younger classes; I tell them that they don't have to like everything, but they do need to try 2 bites. 2 bites of green beans; 2 bites of stromboli; 2 bites of sweet potato fries. We joke that 2 bites won't kill them, and they might even like it after they try it. I told them that I *loved* sweet potato fries and that they were loaded with good things that gave their brains energy for the work we would do in the afternoon.
Watching the shopping trolleys bob on the water alongside discarded tyres and sandals.
Police said there were seven or eight offenders who are described as being Asian and in their late teens or early 20s.
Freedom was not handed to the Danes on a silver platter by a benevolent king, church or elite. Brave pioneers had to fight for every concession — often at a high personal cost.
Is that too much to ask?
To each their own.
It was a lot of fun to make.
However, Kaidanow repeated that the US wishes to see a solution to the Greek-Macedonian “name” dispute before NATO can “extend a membership offer to Macedonia”.
Who will decide??? :)
The rules of this award are:
After these two, there is just one novel left by Green, and then, I will be left waiting for his next publication. I’ve been through this before, falling in love with an author and consuming her/his books too soon without savoring the pages, the moments. I know the pain. Yet I can’t help myself. I am ____ years older than Green’s target audience, but I am still captivated by his writing and his creativity and his compelling, original, beautiful characters. I am a Greeniac. A Greenhard? A Greenmachine. And I don’t want it to end. But just as Pudge learns in Alaska:“Everything that comes together falls apart.”
Viewing cosmology in an electromagnetic context, the Mill of the title begins to make sudden sense of millennia of myth. Hamlet is a translation of Finnish/Norse/Icelandic proto-hero Amlodhi whose staff (Yggdrasil, ‘world tree’) spun the mill of the maelstrom, the whirlpool of the cosmos, the vortex, axis mundi — the Earth’s magnetic polar shaft. The Finnish quern/mill Sampo (vault of heaven, from Sanskrit skambha, pillar, pole, axis) ground out Mankind’s deep origins: it was this mill which created ocean, earth, Man. In good times it ground out ‘peace and plenty’, in bad times, salt. And, according to the Finns whose mythology is alive in recitation, it grinds still. It lingers in Vedic tradition in a hymn –Atharva Veda– to the world pillar (skambha):
The Nigel Preston & Knight collections were founded by Preston and his wife Brenda Knight in 2007. They became renowned for artisan hand-painting and decorative techniques as well as for exquisite form and pattern cutting inspired by Knight’s collection of 18th century antique clothing, accessories and fabrics - a collection which was sourced from her travels to the antique markets of European cities like London, Paris, Milan, Venice and as far away as India. (Doesn't that just make you want to quit your day job right now?)
But every once in a while, a query would stand out. There’s no rhyme or reason to it, but they nearly always follow Jenny’s guidelines to a T. Those stellar books were worth hours of slogging through the queries pile. They made me rush to the “Fwd:” button and zip a copy off to Jenny with glee and then I’d wait by my inbox salivating, hoping I’d get a chance to read the novel in question.
Also, raise your hands if you’re as excited as I am for Avengers on May 4th. Liars…
This is one of the many geckos that come out just as the sun is going down. They usually come in pairs and chase each other around the ceilng of the porch. We also have a `House Gecko’ we call Plecko (how original John). This one flits around the condo during the day and spends the night in the bedroom serenading us while we sleep.
In Japan, a woman who works as a housekeeper to support her young son takes an assignment with a mathematics professor. The professor himself no longer works. Due to a head injury his short-term memory lasts only 80 minutes. Then it is erased and he starts over. He has retained nothing permanently since 1975.
Finally, Last Autumn’s Dream who release their seventh album through Escape Music. Sadly their first without Marcel Jacob who sadly passed away last year and a tribute to him opens this album. Otherwise its business as usual with a few good hard rock with a pop edge tunes, a couple of top notch ballads and two great cover versions…Wizzard’s ‘See My Baby Jive’ and ‘Surrender’ by Cheap Trick.
I will however be interested to see how Mancini’s team perform during the next 4 games, I really expect them to win all 4, and take the title to the wire. Now that Tevez is back and seems to be back in the goals, Mancini has enough firepower to win the league if (IF) United slip up.
The museum is a National Historic site and listed as the oldest House of Industry in Canada. They have some permanent displays as well as new and different exhibits. The museum was built in 1877 and provided shelter for the poor, the aged, and the homeless for almost a century. I could just feel the history oozing out of every nook and cranny in that place. It was kinda eerie!
Move your Heart 1 and Heart 2 layers underneath your tube layer
Is your significator looking towards the card under discussion?
The Underside of Joy is not a fairy tale version of step-motherhood pitting good against evil, but an exploration of a complex relationship between two women who both consider themselves to be the "real" mother. Their conflict uncovers a map of scars -- both physical and emotional -- to the families' deeply buried tragedies, including Italian internment camps during WWII and postpartum depression and psychosis.
“This Nearly Was Mine” from the musical South Pacific
The giant pink hat above was my first challenge....
Review: Did I ever mention that I have on occasion read Christian fiction? I haven't read many books in the genre (actually, I can count the number of books I've read on one hand) but the ones I HAVE read I really enjoyed*. Pearl in the Sand is one from that handful. I never would've known about this book if I hadn't seen it on Juju's site and of course, I was intrigued. Then that whole drama/book-buying-frenzy with Borders happened last year; I ended up buying Pearl in the Sand from Borders and devoured it quickly because the story was (and it was in no way preachy). My personal relationship with religion is a bit skewed but I knew enough that I recognized the story of Rahab: a young woman forced to become a prostitute to save her family who then found sanctuary with God and managed to carve out her own happily-ever-after (not without some sacrifices, however).
Gender first became an issue in 2002 when we found out we were having our second son and not the million dollar family of a boy and a girl. At that same time, a friend was battling with infertility and adopting from Russia. Guess what? They specified a girl. She later bore a biological son. I had two sons.
The project team, all Westerners, had originally designed a dorm for the children with them sleeping in individual beds, but early on the children had learned not only to climb into each others’ beds for affection and comfort but to pull the mattresses off their frames and sleep on the floor in a huddled mass. This became the norm and the doctors allowed it.
I've gotta go get my FLC (Fighting Load Carrier) ready for tomorrow, so I am going to say goodbye. I will update again either Friday or Saturday.
Ironically, despite realistic depictions of forensic procedures and police work, the Kay Scarpetta novels have been criticized for unrealistic plots. The coincidences in Predator may seem contrived but the rapid pace of interlaced scenes keeps us guessing at their significance. The story works as a giant puzzle; the many unrelated pieces eventually fit together. The ending of the novel is truly unexpected.
New Brunswick, NJ ?
The course plans assign the exercises, and every now and again tell you to diagram some sentences, or write a letter, or something like that. There are quarterly exams and answer keys in the course plans. If you aren’t enrolled with Kolbe I’d skip the plans and just type up your own list of dates and assignment numbers at the beginning of the school year.
Jumpsuit: Vintage
Williams’ albums are always fun, and Hoods and Shades is no exception. What’s exceptional about it is that it’s interesting on so many levels. The first thing you notice about Hoods is its cover, which resembles some blaxploitation movie poster. Williams is there, with his arms around a couple of gun-wielding babes against a backdrop of fiery explosions, skyscrapers, a police helicopter, hooded thugs, and some mean-looking guy in a fedora playing what appears to be a combination guitar/machine gun.
On the back side I decided to just do a solid and went for a sort of ombre effect. After I sew the button back on, I'll take some pictures of the backside.
While PAN is a 10-digit alphanumeric number allotted by the I-T Department to taxpayers, biometrics is a biological method to identify physical features of an individual.
I. Two Torahs. In Judaism, two Torahs exist. The written Torah is the Pentateuch given by God at Sinai, while the oral Torah is an oral transmission that is separate from the written Torah, which was also given by God at Sinai.
Please note- If you become a Gold Ambassador (like us) and share the challenge with 3 others while you are on it, yours will be free. If you share it will more than 3 people, you will get paid from Shaklee…can’t beat that, right?- ask me for more details.
Instead I take out the new passport. It will expire in two months. If the snow has not come by then I will try to find someone else to be. I do not like to be nameless. To be nameless is to be unremembered. Someone will remember Jennifer and so while I am her they will remember me too.
Planning a party really isn't that hard. All it takes is a theme - a favorite movie, book, activity, or color. Most of my own parties come from movies or movie characters the guest of honor loves, like Rapunzel from Tangled. My own sweet sixteen came from my love of the new Alice In Wonderland movie. My brother's party was inspired by Jumanji and a board-game party featured in a magazine.
Level 8: STR: +24, Increases your attack speed.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development said the rescue plan announced by EU leaders on 26 October had been an important first step, but the measures must be implemented "promptly and forcefully".
The advice my friend gave me happened to coincide with The Muse Online Writers Conference, put together by the awesome everywoman Lea Schizas. If you don’t know about the conference, you should.
8. Ronnie Lane "Gonna See the King" 4:19
After shifting to pole position because of a McLaren mistake, Pastor Maldonado didn’t let a muffed pit stop late in the race prevent him for winning his first Grand Prix in Barcelona. His Grand Prix win in the presence of Sir Frank Williams proved that Maldonado is not a pay driver and marked a bright point amidst Williams’ recent struggles. It is the first time a Venezuelan has won a Grand Prix and the first time since 2004 a Williams driver has sat at the top of the podium.
I like the idea of Top Ten Tuesday, because I like lists. But I rarely feel like sticking to the one proposed. This week, I instead present a top ten list of upcoming standalone YA novels that I'm lusting over. I did a post awhile ago on sequels I'm excited about, and I'm sure I'll have more posts on more amazing books I want to read in the future. But here are some I'm particularly excited about at the moment! The books are in no particular order.
"Not digital ones like this," I said, "It does both metric and imperial and it takes the weight back to zero so you can keep adding things to the bowl as you go along."
The next thing to go into the Recycle Bin in might be the brain. We are living in a golden age of brain research, thanks largely to vast improvements in brain scans. Now that functional MRIs can give snapshots of the brain in real time, researchers can see specific areas of the brain light up, indicating increased activity. On the other hand, dark spots in the brain indicate minimal activity or none at all. Thus we arrive at those familiar maps that compare a normal brain with one that has deviated from the norm. This is obviously a great boon where disease is concerned. Doctors can see precisely where epilepsy or Parkinsonism or a brain tumor has created damage, and with this knowledge new drugs and more precise surgery can target the problem.
I'm so sorry i've been such a bad blogger of late i'll try to be here more often!!! i've lots to share soon!!! i've a million and one projects on the go lol
July 18 New York, NY WHITE HOT SUMMER GROOVE The Spirit Cruise Ship, Pier 63, Chelsea Piers, west Side Highway with EUGE GROOVE
lucky for us all
40. Color Purple, The: Alice Walker
Some 15 years ago, he managed to secure the talents of master sushi chef Yoshiharu Suzuki, who has worked in the finest sushi restaurants in Manhattan and in Japan. At Wild Nigiri, he uses his talents to create delicate and subtle raw and cooked creations that are favored by the restaurant’s discerning clientele. This is not a restaurant for diners that are seeking bold, in your face flavors — Hamade and Suzuki want the basic ingredients at Wild Nigiri to speak for themselves.
I cannot wait to get myself to a Staples to check out the Martha Stewart with Avery office line! Cute labels, some in Kraft paper? Sold! It's a good thing this didn't come out before my wedding because I'm sure I would have gone overboard on the scalloped Kraft labels for something. The stand up file folders are cute too.
Every girl should have a LBD but for me a LRD(little red dress) is my go-to dress. Maybe it's my blonde hair and skin tone but a bright red just works for me. And since the theme is red, I of course had to use Loubs for shoes with the signature red bottoms.
—Float!: Building on Water to Combat Urban Congestion and Climate Change by Koen Olthuis and David Keuning (Frame). When David Keuning sent me a review copy of this book he joked that "offshore architecture has been relatively depleted of its novelty over the last few years"—an accurate statement, as images of floating buildings bring back strong memories of the architectural blogosphere circa 2005.
Along with a yard full of gardens, a hobby room full of bead projects, quilts and drawings, we now have a dining room full of story ideas and stacks of critiqued chapters. I’m in heaven! The DH (dear hubby) however… I’ll quote. “Can’t you finish one thing before you start another?” Here’s a quote about my gardens. “Where’s the rest of it?” OK, he doesn’t get that you have to leave room for the plants to grow into their space. Although he did admit, it looks pretty good now.
It is for me to judge only the ACTIONS, BEHAVIOR of others in the light of what I KNOW. (Or think I know!)
Nevertheless, we made some good progress today and improved on the intro and the first part of the tune. Finally, we recorded the bass line itself so I can show it to Steven tomorrow.
Weak excuse, I know… I just feel so immature, so stupid in all of this..
My expired passport that has been everywhere except San Francisco
I will be back to share my weekend creations soon. Thanks for popping by!
East is east and west is west
A hand to help the vessel but not to help the body. It carries nothing but what it has always carried. There is no passenger, not within this body and so it maintains its path.
This symbols are globally understood and beyond borders & languages.
What I really want to say is this: if this film isn’t as good as the previous two I’ll probably cry.
“Excuse me, picture?” he asked.
Alan Clark : keyboards
featuring my article and photos
Last month we had an Ultimate Mom's Night Out here in our town, I know, I'm a tad behind on sharing about it :). I teamed up with Amy and we worked hard to put on a fun night of encouragement, pampering, giveaways, and fun conversation for all the mama's in attendance...
and abounding in steadfast love and faithfulness,
With a huff, he continued, “One night I made the mistake of pushing too hard and she threatened me with a bat. It was a matter of self-preservation but I finally got the message. She was off-limits. Thought you’d want to know that she stuck by you.” He paused, eyes scanning the room and gauging the emotions, “I’ve worked this city’s crime beat for more years than I should probably admit. I’ve talked to and dealt with a bunch of people in the police department. Some of them, I half expect to be part of an FBI investigation one day. Then there are the ones that I want on my side in a fight. Meg Addison is a solid cop and a great person. I admire both of those parts of her. I think, on some level, I resent you. To my way of thinking you didn’t appreciate either facet of her. I rather hoped you’d be some panty-waist with brass on your shoulders and not the soldier she claimed you were. I hate being wrong.”
"Teaching does not make learning...organized education operates on the assumption that children learn only when and only what and only because we teach them. This is not true. It is very close to being 100% false. Learners make learning."
It was she who had revealed “the Khars’ way of treating women” in her book “My Feudal Lord” which pinpointed abuses heaped upon her by her ex-husband, Ghulam Mustafa Khar.
Talking about names and what we could have been named, the below conversation has me still cracking up:
One of many areas in which men of all ages are hopelessly uninformed is the realm of socks. After all, how much does a man need to know about pairing socks with Nikes? Assuming he owns a pair of something nicer than sneakers, a man must be semiconscious about what he’s making the rest of us look at, between his cuff and brogue. A spell back, my cyber clothing colleague, Will, over at A Suitable Wardrobe, posted about how socks now are generally of a quality that one can forgo sock garters altogether (he also mans-up the support item of this post by calling them “sock suspenders.” Nice touch.) I know for a fact that the socks sold through his online store are certainly of this top caliber. But the bulk of foot tubes in my dresser drawer are, after a few cycles through the wash, shapeless sacks whose top has no interest in clinging to my knees, preferring instead to flutter about the ankle. This complaint has been voiced often enough in conversation with other sartorially inclined men that either A) Walmart needs a better quality production gulag on the mainland, or B) there is an egregious industry wide conspiracy of “planned obsolescence” in hosiery that warrants rioting.
Write the list, accept the acheivements, dont’ get derailed and never, ever, ever give up.
If the Bible is entirely true, then the stories told must be true as well. If they are only partially true, then they are also partially wrong. If they are partially wrong, then how can the Bible be trusted. However, if the Bible is entirely true, then how can you not trust it?
Until December of 2006, SIDS did not exist in my real world. Our next door neighbor called to let us know that another neighbor’s baby had died. It was determined the cause of death was SIDS. Evan and I went to talk to the parents. Their 2 toddler boys were running around in circles as we shared Jake’s story and they told us about their baby.
This card is SICK! A huge jumbo swatch of a jersey from early in his career when he was with the Chicago Cubs. What makes this card so sick is the swatch is actually a repair job from back in the days when ball players didn't get a new uniform every week. Check out the pics below and let me know if you think its as sick as I do.
"The members (of the police) maybe warned … (or they) maybe suspended, or face charges where they will have to pay a certain fee … Normally, members who conduct serious misconduct within the SAPS may even be expelled," says Mofokeng.
Do you have road rage?
Words + Camera = ART! Turn your images into amazing typographic art using TEXT.
There also seems to be some people out there searching for a ‘mystical room’ and let’s be honest…who isn’t? Mine is in a place full of pillows and silence and there is no one there complaining that the cookies are gone because the cookies are never gone. It’s a cookie filled oasis where sleep is encouraged and silence is rewarded with more cookies and if you are found wearing a bra you must drop and do fifty pushups.
The highlight of my time in Washington was when my boss at work wanted to form a rifle team. We competed with any team we could find (even high school boys). Then a group of four or five of us started competing at civilian rifle matches up and down the east coast from Pennsylvania to North Carolina.
Rejecting the bourgeois notion of art as a unique commodity, Hearfield’s images were widely dispersed in posters, book jackets, pamphlets and magazines, using mass printing technology.
Dematerialized art is on the way out... for now. People want stuff to hold on to. Not as easy to hold on to as drawings, whose popularity is also waning, but something more substantive than a 30 second DVD you have to manually replay every time you want to see it. Davis/Langlois who had the season opener at mmg last year were much more pleasing. They were bullshit stoners, but it was about that, and the work was great. It looked great, it had skill, you didn’t have to think about it too much, unless you wanted to. Then it was kind of iffy. But today I still find myself thinking about that show with fondness, so there must be something going on there, right? I Against I was an odd arrangement of photobased paintings that were threaded together by loose ideas of Rastafarianism, the cosmos, religion and other dreamy things. In effect, it was a conceptual, no linear narrative installation. But it was all in your head, man. And it is something I have grown to like.
And his decision has definitely had a huge impact on our family’s eating habits. The rest of us now eat meat only occasionally (maybe once a week), and rarely cook it at home. For the record, I don’t think everyone has to go veg, though, as most people have heard, there is growing evidence showing a plant-based diet is better for your health—not to mention the environment.
To Assemble the Cake:
3. Black beans fresh bath, alum mordanted yarn
Take a deep breath. You are the cutting edge.
Ah, well that explains it then. Bit of 'tension'.
Under section 2 of Commonwealth Act No. 496 already referred to, approved on September 30, 1939, the power delegated to the President to prescribe rules and regulations he may deem essential to carry out the purposes of the Act, namely, the taking over of and operation by the Government of any public service or enterprise and to pay for the same, was to last until the date of the adjournment of the next regular session of the National Assembly. This means that, during the regular session of the Assembly which begun in January, 1940 and lasted 100 days, the President could exercise the emergency powers delegated to him. Again, under Commonwealth Acts Nos. 600 and 620 the President could and indeed he exercised his emergency powers during the regular session of the Assembly which began in January, 1941, when President Quezon issued at least nine Executive Orders numbered 321, 333, 335, 337, 339, 340, 342, 344 and 345.
And oh..I order a replacement for my SFAM bootcut jeans. My current one has finally died at 8 years old! Can you believe it. I love that jeans so much that I have to have the exact same one. Well...ok I cannot find the NY dark rinse anymore but I found the equivalent. I hope nothing change in terms of cut, comfort and the fit. I'm going to cry if it looks funny on me.
I suppose there’s nothing to do but wait it out!
-Lower cholesterol levels.
I thought this conference provided a really useful introduction to the main areas of e-books, current trends and future plans and gave me the opportunity to understand the issues around e-books and the benefits they offer to our staff and students.
-PH balanced to be gentle and non-irritating to skin and eyes
I hope that helped you. Kate from Kate Conklin Designs has a great Hand Quilting tutorial on her blog. She holds her needle slightly different to me and uses a different type of thimble. You may like to pop over and have a read of hers and see which way suits you best.
Second thing: There is only one person on the planet that you can change! And it isn't your spouse!!!
That goes without saying for Ruth Gordon, too. Foul of mouth and snide of attitude, she plays herself quite effectively and makes us all realize that perhaps if SHE had played the role that Helen Hayes did in Airport, it may have been even MORE successful... but probably wouldn't have gotten away with its "G" rating, either.
We take fistfuls.
Just a cat, my ass. He was so much more than that. He was the one constant in my life for 20 years! Every time I walked in my house for 20 years, he met me at the door.
So, as a result of the ass-clowns at En***ld, I heretofore submit the following:
I'm eating a Terry's chocolate orange while I type this. I'm obviously hooked on sweet treats of the orange variety at the moment?
The Tower of London has a whole day’s worth of things to see just in itself – there are the White, Bloody and Martin Towers, where prisoners were held and often tortured, there are the Crown Jewels, displayed in a specially built jewel house, and don’t forget the Ravens, without whom the White Tower would supposedly fall, and a great disaster befall the Kingdom.
I made the mistake of turning my back for one minute and Ruby started hunting my tofu. She thinks it tastes like chicken!
Or to hold you back from making a complete fool of yourself .
The 31-year-old Revenge actress wore a short sleeved navy blue and turquoise striped polo shirt teamed with dark skinny jeans. The chic street style was accessorized with multiple layered bracelets, vintage red Chanel quilted purse and teal green strappy sandals.
100g spinach, washed
Ideal for hair that is curly, coarse, chemically treated, or generally parched
In a slight twist, I would like you to please copy the following questionnaire and post the answers on your blog for all other participants to see. Include the badge picture with your post.
And am amazed that Death, that tyrant grim,
really."
- Good night sleep (these are super rare for me)
But if I gave him directions, then hung a block back, he would have obviously seen me there. I would be the woman who was going the same place as him, but chose to say, "Um, just head west-ish."
Yes, Katniss is strong, independent, brave, cool-headed, loving, intelligent, angry and surly. But she is both too little of all of them, and too much. By the end of the novel, a part of me was aching to finish it, just so I could wave goodbye to Katniss and the inner workings of her mind. I much preferred the Katniss of the film.
I`ve been getting into the paper lately. Here are a few of new items at
Joining in with the chat on our teamie blog
Sweeten the blow
With that in mind, how can we be not worried that any of BN’s opponents may be arbitrarily arrested under a pseudo crime in the Bill and kept in prison indefinitely while the legal process goes on endlessly?
“He felt like a man who, chasing rainbows, has had one of them suddenly turn and bite him in the leg.”
so as you walk dawn this new path
It's just as bad here in the UK.We used to be proud nation leading the way in social policy,education and healthcare.Now we are the most watched nation on the planet.We have cameras everywhere watching our every move while the poorer get poorer and the richer get richer.We have one of the worst literacy rates in the developed world so what hope is there for our youngsters.Unemployment is up,home repossessions are up,house prices are falling,more businesses are being liquidated,food is dearer every week we go shopping,utilities prices are up 35% from last year and we out source more and more work to the far east too.
This material manifestation is only one fourth of the whole manifestation, both spiritual and material. In other words, three fourths of the total manifestation is beyond the covered, material sky. The material covering is millions and millions of miles thick, and only after penetrating it can one enter the open, spiritual sky. Here Kṛṣṇa uses the words bhāvaḥ anyaḥ, which mean “another nature.” In other words, there is another, spiritual nature besides the material one we ordinarily experience.
This Week's Topic:
Presented by Dr. Gwendolyn Messer
12) INNERSANCTUM – Jim Wolfe & the T-Towners
Usually, there’s very little, if any, need to use email relay. But there may be situations where you have an application or device that has its own email server solution built in that needs to be able to send email to various recipients. Without the ability to relay, that application or device would need to have wide open access to the Internet in order to send email. This is not always an optimal solution, especially if you already have an email solution in place. It’s simply more secure to have that application or device relay mail through the central email solution.
In today’s world, we can no longer deny the fact that we ourselves our the good shepherds in one way or another. We may be a single parent raising several children, a trusted friend whom others go to in times of confusion and anger, a team lead who is assigned to a group of people in the workplace, and the lost goes on and on. As we listen to the readings, the shepherd knows his sheep and vice versa. In this regard, it is also important to reflect how we see our Faith these days in terms of following the voice of God; particularly in the teachings and life of Jesus. Do we still listen to Him, do we still read the good book and reflect on those values which he preaches and lived by? With so many voices in our modern lifestyle, we are drowned sometimes with all the influences and fad of the modern world and forget to listen even to ourselves less more to God.
They come in two sizes, so with five covers in each size, it's about $130 for birth to potty training for just the covers. BUT, two sizes means less wear and tear on each cover if you're going to be using them for multiple children -- and if you have babies close together, you'd need to buy extra covers if you're using a one-size cover, anyway.
court to delay their eviction and the time, stress and expense that
But times have changed, and the warehouse, which was designed in the Egyptian Revival style by Cass Gilbert, the architect of the Woolworth Building, has had a reversal of fortune.
But stupid cats aren't the only animals drawn to catfood, SAP quickly discovers. Big, frightfully mean raccoons are, too.
Breakfast was, again, a freezer bagel with cream cheese and V-8. Lunch was leftover Otsu. Snack was yogurt with some canned blackberry sauce that did NOT age well. Back to the drawing board on that one, this summer.
And I’m writing about this because my experience with these drugs, in this age of non-representative, oligarchic government, almost killed me.
If you are an author, check out our low-cost sponsorships. Because I am an author myself, I understand your needs. While no one can guarantee success from any marketing effort, and the best of such efforts are multiple "efforts" and not just an ad, I invite you to look at what we offer and see how it compares to everything else out there. We don't want your money just to dump it into another black hole. We only want you to join in if you think we add value to the reading community. There's plenty of noise in the world, but there's only one eBookSwag.
2010.09.16 Yemen Shabwa 2 0 al-Qaeda ambush two local security personnel, leaving both dead.
So here I am. Just tired of handling and ready to just live. Does that ever happen? Or is that the fantasy? Maybe life is just a series of obstacles. Oh well then. Bring it on. I can handle it.
I’ve been blogging with WordPress ever since. Back then, I learned first and foremost: write my posts in a word-processing application then copy and paste into my blogging software. (I’ve lost information and/or changes writing directly into the software. Plus, I have my own draft of the article on my hard drive and/or backed up otherwise. Although WordPress is most likely in no danger of this at all, I’ve read the horror stories of bloggers whose blogging companies shut down and all their posts lost.)
Let me begin by stating the obvious in that the iPad is different. I’m also secure enough in my marriage to also state that Mrs. Lemon was less than familiar with this new device when she received them last spring. To her credit, however, she had a clear vision about what the iPads could accomplish and how her 10- and 11-year-olds could benefit.
With the Bills being able to run the ball it’s only going to open up the passing game even more. But here’s where the Bills have a problem. Brad Smith is their number 2 wide receiver…they need help. Michael Floyd will be sitting there at 10 waiting, and who knows? Maybe Justin Blackmon will fall to the Bills. It isn’t likely but is a possibility. If he does, the Bills MUST take him. He is a game changer and is going to be a force at the next level. Mark my words. I still like Floyd at this spot though if Blackmon is off the board. He was productive the moment he put on a Notre Dame jersey and is a threat whenever he lines up against a DB.
-Jackson (7months) has already tried quite a few bits of grown up foods. I know some moms are really strict about not introducing table food until a certain age, which I totally respect. I have given Jackson tiny mushed up bits of Ritz crackers, a tiny piece of the white middle part of an Oreo (which he loved), he has licked a sucker, and had some tiny mushed up pieces of a brownie. I think I worried more about following all the baby rules with my first two babies, thinking I might break them or something, but with Jackson I am much more relaxed. Of course he is very supervised while trying these things and we do not do any peanut products(in case of allergies) or honey(I can't remember why, but I remember people saying not to give babies honey before a certain age).
I use Distress Stains nearly every week. They're so versatile that I had a tough time deciding how to showcase them. The most convenient thing about Distress Stains is how quickly they can cover a surface. You can cover a tag, art journal page, canvas, etc. in no time flat.
1 c. shredded cheese
When searching for a pick and pack warehouse, there is a major factor that you should consider, turnaround time. The average pick and pack company can ship goods within 48 hours. Some truly efficient operations can even guarantee same day delivery if the customer places an order before a certain time, often 1 P.M. If the turnaround time is much more than 48-72 hours customers might start to get upset so look for service providers who can guaranty a short turnaround time.
Me!! I don't have one of those gold statues, but my awards mean the world to me, simply because someone was so kind hearted to give them to me.
Heres a sneak peek...
What better event to wake up without your pants in your neighbors yard than Flying Saucer's Barleywine Week? I can't think of one. The big week is kicking off Monday the 27th and will last until Saturday March the 3rd with all tappings at 7pm.
Mrs. Wells and Mrs. Goody passed out cupcakes with sprinkles and little glasses of Hawaiian Punch. It was a feast fit for the gods. Then Mrs. Perkins did something dastardly. She did something heinous. She instructed the class to choose only one envelope from their box and open it, read it to the class and then open the rest at home. Gladys panicked. What if he didn’t choose hers? What if he DID choose hers and read it out loud in front of God and everyone? Oh NO! She would die of embarrassment.
I talk talk talk all day and there is always
Invoking his daughters is a way for Obama to bring big issues down to human scale, in a disarming way. It also is a reminder to Americans of the president’s photogenic family, a priceless political asset in an election year.
She is strongly confidence
The other group—consumers—wants to buy $2 waffle makers, $39 blu-ray players, and all sorts of gadgets and goodies, many of which they could easily live without. So why do the consumers get a pass? At any other time of the year, one could reasonably expect to be cited for trespassing for camping out in a tent in front of a retail establishment—private property. But when Black Friday or a Twilight premiere is involved, such “campers” risk not pepper spray, tear gas, or jabs from night sticks, but interviews by friendly local television news reporters.
And I will bear my soul in time,
I did enjoy seeing the cactus plants...they truly are amazing...so large! I could have stared at them all day! I enjoyed wearing just a jacket in February...but now I'm home and laundry, cooking, shopping, back to school, children got off a schedule and things to deal with....but am thankful for home...and thankful for the opportunity to see a cactus plant and enjoy the sunrise coming up over the glorious mountains....how can you NOT believe in God after watching all the glorious sunrises.....so here are some pics of our trip....of course by the cactus plants:)
2) We have had more time to establish our lives with her.
A risk taker? I never thought of Him in that way.
Smoke and mirrors
They are made of nylon and lycra/spandex material and have a form fitting design to reduce water resistance.
It was shared with me by the letter's owner, someone who purchased it from a collector of such items with the request to translate, out of curiosity as to it's content. I have found this to be a remarkable opportunity to engage with history in a visceral and concrete way and I felt that sharing this (with the owner's permission) would be a good way to shed light for students of history and genealogy. Perhaps this person's remaining family members may even find it one day.
Doyle shrugged. “Need I remind you that I can’t produce what I don’t have? Let the authorities find her. The law will catch Valderas sooner than we can. Just leave it at that. You read the article. Edward said he’s wired Allan Pinkerton. They’re personal friends. With a Pinkerton detective on Valderas’ trail, this will be over in no time at all. So why go to all the trouble? We’ll keep a vigil right here and report to the concerned and sympathetic public. You can give personal interviews and people can see your anguish themselves, right here, every day.”
Money has become a problem lately. Not because I have none of it, but because if I don't start saving now, I will be absolutely screwed once I enter school in April. So I feel guilty spending any money at all. And I feel trapped.
So there you have it. Hopefully you haven't noticed the chaos that can be this blog, and if you have, hopefully now that I have my binder working for me, you will notice improvement!
Mr. McGuire: Shhh ... 'nuff said. That's a deal.
...You are starting to kinda like toys, at least you can grab them now...
used to mount the file systems on this disk device. You will need
Hilda the One-Eyed Hen is one tough old bird. Last summer she was the only survivor after an attack by a predator. Her eye and a portion of her head was so swollen I didn’t think she’d make it, but she did! The swelling went down, but she lost vision in her eye as a result of the incident. I figured she wouldn’t last long, as a one-eyed chicken can’t see 50% of what might be coming for her. (Which unfortunately is why she seems to be preferred by the roosters.) But she made it through the cold winter, only to face death again.
One thing Budapest is famous for is their thermal baths. When Brett and I visited Budapest, we went to the Széchenyi Baths which are popular spot with the locals and took a dip in the outdoor pools. That experience is now one of my fondest memories of our trip, and it’s not because it was my first thermal bath experience. It’s because the entry process into this bath was absurdly difficult for us. It was a comedy of errors; one that I find highly amusing.
A chocolate sundae with whipped cream and nuts would be a vegetable
And all that posting?
See you soon. Karmen
We can't believe it ourselves, but today we are 36 weeks along! The doctors thought we would never make it this far, but since I seem to be reliving my mother's pregnancy in almost every way, I suppose we shouldn't be surprised. Her doctors told her for weeks and weeks that she would never make it back to the office for her next appointment... and then I was ten days late. Similarly, these babies seem to be taking their sweet time. The babies are still looking strong and healthy: the weekly stress tests/fetal heart monitoring has been uneventful, and the doctors say everything looks good. I haven't really had any further dilation either.
Now when I am unable to commit to something or detour from the original goal, I feel less like a failure because I know I am doing my all to manifest my biggest dreams and desires and the reality is SHIT CHANGES…
As an update, there will be 10 members of the Society reading their haiku, after I give a brief introduction to this amazing literary form that is becoming well-known worldwide. In my presentation, I will give samples of great haiku with commentary on each, so you can get the hang of its poetic style. The readers will tell you how they became interested in haiku, why they like to write it, and what inspires them to write. They will motivate you to either become a haiku poet or to excel in this art form, if you have some background at it.
Spoiler Alert: Book version of Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi (Mostly), Rajneeti / Guru(Some parts). It sometimes reminds you of “If God was a Banker” by Ravi Subramanian as well.
5And to them it was given that they should not kill them, but that they should be tormented five months: and their torment was as the torment of a scorpion, when he striketh a man.
Another wonderful magical discovery, the Arizona Sycamore Tree. I LOVE trees, there is just something so powerful and wonderful about how they stand tall and weather the storms. How they reach and stretch toward the sun. How the bark and limbs tell their stories and celebrate their age.
Well one of my old co-workers contacted me the other night from that network. Apparently he never got my search query and had found my name mixed in with a list of other co-workers of his that had been layed off from his current employer – a company I’ve never worked for! Just lucky I guess. Anyway, we’ve exchanged a couple of emails since and he’s even read a bit of this blog. Cool right?
So I took the alleys. And Lucy was there but she stood at the side, and shook her head, and moved back and forth like she wanted to run away, or go for help, but was afraid, while Christie held me down and twisted my wrist while Barbara and Mary helped and scratched my arms and rubbed me on the gravel and Christie twisted harder to make me scream.
Zach Myracle
Update: I've been enjoying my explorations of the asteroid field and combining those images with writing and with the myth of Icarus. Using photo transfers on silk, sewing, acrylic and glazing....we shall see....right now quite a mess at the work table. Winter Solstice is a great time for me to work as I have fewer distractions (beach & pool).
Following are the supplies that I used:
At the age of 24, Shakespeare was unknown. How could he have afforded these expensive clothes? It’s argued that, an actor, he’d been into the dressing-up box – but that doesn’t explain why anyone commissioned a portrait of an unknown tradesman’s son, and why a Duke owned it.
Joan, in her book, made every effort to conceal identities, places, times, and anything else that might have identified individuals. Had she not done that, her sisters would have been complaining about THAT! As it stands, it was the sisters themselves who revealed their own identities, and now they’re complaining that they can be identified. Well, who’s to blame NOW? And why do they think that anyone reading the book would be interested in identifying them in the first place? This is a clear case of egomania and paranoia. It is my sincere hope that these poor, disturbed individuals at some point seek the help they so obviously need. I also know they want me out of their affairs, and I want to BE out of their affairs. In fact, as soon as they stop their persecution of Joan and remove any blogs concerning Joan or her book, I’ll be happy to remove this blog and stay out of their affairs.
Told me who he was inviting, etc.
2 cups water
“We’re going to amend that situation immediately,” insisted Mr. Stouthart.
and alls left is i– and years
9. Charles Sexton - Santa Bring My Baby Back to Me
Again quite a closed nose, but more liquorice than raspberry and more opulent fruit. Quite fresh perfumed fruit, with some elegant tannins. More rounded than 2009. The grapes are handpicked, sorted and destemmed and then punched down twice a day. There is a four to five day cold maceration, with a fermentation in vat and a twelve months élevage in barrel, on the fine lees, with a bâtonnage every two or three weeks. Yields are low, 35 hl/ha. You sense that M. Delmas is a thoughtful winemaker, responding carefully to the conditions of each vintage. And his oaked ‘effervescents’, as they call the sparkling wines of Limoux, were certainly worth the journey.
I would have to say "The Little Mermaid" that was just a fav of mine..
Happy, Happy Tuesday everyone!! I hope you're having a good week so far! I'm happy cuz' my kids FINALLY went back to school today after having 10 days off---don't get me wrong, I do love them & stuff, hee hee---but they start getting bored & fighting with each other & driving Mom CRAZY!! Hubby went back to work too so I get to have some semi peace & quiet to get work done today--yay! Have any of you heard of the boardgame "Quelf"--well if you haven't you need to go buy it! I had read about it in a magazine and we bought it this weekend--it is CRAZY FUN! The four of us were rolling on the floor laughing at some of the questions and things you have to do--totally worth the $25!! OMGoodness I haven't laughed that hard in a bit and after putting in major hours in projects, it was a nice stress reliever!
Jack smirks at me, pushing me harder against the banister. I can feel the tension of my ribs against it building, I can feel the bones bending, struggling against the pressure. Crack. I can’t contain the scream from rippling through my body as I feel the bone rip through the tender muscle of my lung. I can’t breathe, my lung burns as I feel the blood beginning to pool into it. I’m drowning; I’m drowning and there is no one who is going to save me. I can barely pay any attention to my surrounding; I think I am going to black out, but I can make out the faint sounds of Jack chuckling.
As I've argued previously I think STV might destroy the centre Lib Dems and it will open a full range of political options, which the current main three parties don't provide. These things have happened with changes in the voting system in other countries, and so are not unbelievable ( see New Zealand's experimentation with voting reform ).
A failure to my gender. Crush crushed
Favorite Movie: War Horse
The 1st birthday Molliemakes sitting on new frock fabric - I hope to be able to make this on Saturday. Am loving the new mag - I know some find it twee but I am still a happy subscriber :)
-the anticipation of coming to the farm from the Quad Cities when I was really little and seeing your smiling face and knowing how spoiled I would be by you
Fantastic! This high deductible plan should get our citizen premiums he can meet for 6 months, so his diabetes can be under control while he looks for a job.
1. National Investment Bank
Why, yes, this is a post about the restroom. How did you guess?
A Sapphire on her brow should bind;
The only thing I would add is that if you are buying Chef Boyardee etc anyway, it still helps to do the UPC code. The main takeaway point from this is that it isn't worth buying Chef Boyardee instead of what you would normally be buying because of their corporate giving program, since it isn't terribly nutritious and doesn't result in as much food for the hungry either.
37) Hey, open your mouth! i just want to see if you are as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside! +
Historical Drift: Must My Church Die may need to be read by those who choose to change some priorities of their ministry.
2. I was also surprised, actually, almost devastated lol to see that when I was weight training with Ryan my calories expended weren’t “huge.” As much as I huff and puff like an old woman I thought for sure I’d be burning huge amounts of calories. I asked Ryan about this and he told me that we are actually working on getting my muscles in “shape” and then he went on to explain how after we build up the muscle mass in my body that will work to my advantage to burn more fat and calories. So in the long run I guess that makes sense…
Here are PROVEN SUCCESSFUL IDEAS for turning around the effects of a “recession”:
factor to any meaningful progress in
One thing’s for sure: The term has just entered the 2010 official election lexicon.
Oil- 2 1/2 tbsp
I'm tired of being a good little soldier. I'm tired of focusing on joy. I'm tired of being fair. I just want to be pouty and unreasonable.
Even Daniel realizes what a catch she would make for his father, and after a really, really amazing carriage ride back from a party (I’m surprised the cushions didn’t burst into flame), Ainsley agrees to think about going away to Paris with Cam to have an affair. When she shows up, almost missing the train, Cam realizes that he can’t ruin the woman with whom he is half in love already, so he bullies her into marrying him in London before they head off to the continent, Daniel in tow.
The Yoplait "Keeping Cool in School" giveaway that I hosted last week ended this past Sunday at Midnight. Had a really busy day yesterday so finally got down to sorting out entries and picking a winner:
Sprinkle 1 cup (or more if you like) of the chocolate chips and the nuts over the cup cake batter.
How dumb can a human really be? I mean there has to be a point when you can't look in the mirror anymore at your sea. Or maybe that point is long past and she thinks her brain cells are vast. For she forgot all about how dumb she knew she was before and now gives the same damn encore. How she ever sells her stuff is beyond me too. Actually they probably buy it to get her to shut up as Flappy is that coo coo.
The world’s wind farms last year had the capacity to produce 238 gigawatts of electricity at any one time – a 21 per cent rise on 2010.
My favorite part of this recipe is the potato in the soup. Nice curry flavored potatoes. YUM!
You might have noticed but are too polite to mention a certain aroma coming from this blog. Dare I say it’s an earthy smell, not unlike that of the ancient fertility gods getting liberal with the Lynx For Men? Well, to mark the beginning of Spring (on the 20th) and my newly aroused fecundity, I thought we’d do something a little special. So this year, ‘The Richard Madeley Appreciation Society’ is proud to announce that we’ll be sponsoring a hedgehog. That’s right, a hedgehog. And after some feverish voting around the Madeley breakfast bar, we’ve decided to name him ‘Ralph’.
In the Apiary we are mowing the grasses short, cleaning the area of debris, and making sure there is nothing rotting to cause bad bacteria. The Aqua media (an amazing local product which is 100% natural and is made from transformed scallop shells is placed on the bottom boards to give great air filtration and eliminate any molds. Part of the Langpohl Beehive System incorporates these scallop shells in the ventilation system. The towers are now lowered to two supers per hive and most importantly, the bees seem happy. Happy Thanksgiving to all.
To be a disciple of Jesus requires complete surrender to all that we have. Our thoughts, actions and attitudes must be Christ centered. A true Christian who follows the steps of Jesus will be marked by the attributes of his Lord.
Con: doesn't work on every surface
MIRIAM'S TIP
Quickly, I steered my cart into Lane 6. Which was when time waded into a pit of molasses and started to sink. After five or ten minutes of mouth-counting, the clerk finished sorting the ninety dollar bills the woman before me had laid on the counter. And then the shopper asked the clerk: “Do you have a pen?”
Why victims feel shame and abusers don’t.
Let me once again make the case for seeding hedge funds in this environment. There are many frustrated prop traders at big banks and brokerage firms that see the writing on the wall as Basel III rules come into effect. They want out of these shops because most of them are sick and tired of the bullshit politics, and I don't blame them.
These nutrients can help promote tissue and blood alkalinity and help
Footnote - Since writing this blog, Marc Holmes, The GBBF organiser for Camra has responded to James Watt's Blogpost on the BrewDog website.
$10 – worth of our new Scaredy Cat Collection
When you create a Tumblr, you can basically start blogging immediately, with little adapt-time. On your Dashboard, you click this giant button for Text Post and it leads you to a nice, basic text editor. You type in a couple messages, click Create Post, and in no time you’ve created your first post!
SIX Catholic bishops in Victoria will circulate 80,000 letters this weekend asking their parishioners to show the federal government their opposition to same sex marriage.
The operation appears to be success, util the poor guy is attacked by the janitor one night and kills him in self-defense. Looking at the corpse, he has a complication to eat it. Cannibalism is one heck of a side effect to brain transplant surgery, no? He lumers off to find Frankenstein to ask for help. Unfortunately, he blows Frankenstein’s true idetty in the process.
Value: 100 gp
7. What's the most important part of your day?
Up 1st Saddle, down GSA. Ran from Pearl St and only hiked from the top of Amphi to the summit. 18:30 descent on the standard trails, but still need to be a bit careful with the ankle.
...Americans first became familiar with the task force in November 2009, when it made the controversial decision to recommend that women ages 40-49 shouldn't get routine mammograms. More recently, it rebuffed routine prostate-cancer screening and the use of tests that detect the viruses that can cause cervical cancer.
Allkpop suddenly spams on JYJ & TVXQ2 because they know the boys bring the highest traffics. That, or they newly hired a Cassie as a writer ^^
So, with our shortage of storage space made even shorter it was finally time to let some things go, starting with my card drawer cabinet.
So, this crazy school year is coming to an end. We only have two weeks of school left. I don't know about y'all, but I am ready for summer. WOO HOO! I think I have a better attitude about summer this year since I've actually been working some. I need a break and so do my kids.
Yeah, not effective.
Today the £120,000-a-year monitoring officer was accused of failing to “face up to reality” and accept voter fraud is on her doorstep — ahead of tomorrow’s London-wide elections for the next Mayor and the 25-seat London Assembly. Asked about an increase in rejected postal votes from 10 per cent to 14 per cent, Ms Freeman said this was because “voters have forgotten how they signed the registered application in the first place … this is not unusual in relation to Muslim voters.”
The second stage of the project will be to start to use key features like online forms and workflows and the facilities that will allow people, for example, to collaborate online on projects. That will be our focus during 2012-13.
First of all I didn’t write crime. Not really. Those two long crime stories had been a bit of a fluke I was convinced I wouldn’t be able to repeat. Second of all she was asking for something in the region of 12500 words (serials were longer in those days) and I was a short story writer! Thirdly she appeared to making noises about sub-plots and cliff-hangers. I didn’t actually say, ‘You’ve got the wrong person, here, Gaynor,’ but it was pretty much what I was thinking. So of course I said yes, I’d have a go.
On that note, I think I should run/walk before the girls get up.
Here is what was ludicrous about this episode.
I am sorry to share this post tonight with all of you. Barry passed away at noon today. His breathing became very laboured and after they gave him several medications for pain, he stopped breathing.
People come into your life for a reason, a season or a lifetime.
Can't they see her hearts on the ground, been trampled on so many times.
3 C of water
Aren't these photos AMAZING???
Meerkats are a type of mongoose that live in the deserts of Africa — from the Kalahari of Bostwana to the Namib of Namibia, South Africa and parts of Angola.
2) Establishment of the Principle of Retaliation
21-Welcome
Recognition from peers and colleagues can do his confidence no harm at all and looking at the longer term view, Arsène’s first choice central defensive pairing might not include the experienced German international which was previously assumed. Mertesacker’s arrival certainly put pressure on Koscielny and to a lesser extent, Vermaelen; both have risen to that challenge but Koscielny’s performances have been the more impressive.
Incidentally, the publisher is All Things That Matter Press. Check them out. They have some good reads.
I don't think so. Is that bad? I think I must have seen it, but I really don't remember seeing it. I guess I need to see it.
During the hearing Thursday, Strickland asked the Court of Criminal Appeals to stop Salvant’s order until he has time to explore all his
But seeing what my wonderful DT (and others too!) does with my stamps, makes all the work sooo worth it! :)
We do not use spray paint, but instead paint markers which you have to shake just like a spray paint can.
so i play louder
They all slept together in Jayden's room, and the next day woke up for church.
But no. The envelope wasn’t there.
.......and the things I draw come true.Ah! one of my favorite segments on Captain Kangaroo.If I lost you at Captain Kangaroo, sorry, I'll now be speaking to the old folks here for a little while.
a. One of the reasons sin is so destructive is that when I sin, I do not care about others (2 Samuel 12:1-6). You see sin is manipulative, coercive, controlling, and predatory. Look at David’s sin. David in this case did not care who he harmed.
I need to remember that too.
Corinthians 3:16), His Living Tabernacle.
Codenamed “Olympic Guardian” and involving airmen, soldiers and sailors, the exercises are aimed at reassuring Britons and foreign visitors that everything possible is being done to keep them safe during the games.
I challenge you! Wear it...or share it!!!
Sadly they are not coming to Evans GA this year where I have been going for the last two years. The next closest stop is in Columbia SC, which I hope to make, although I don’t know yet if we can make it. I hope so because Heyward is coming and I really, really want to meet him. Or well… get rushed through the line and get his autograph rather.
We will push, until we have crossed the line
Ask them about the historical significance of the word and they look blank. But they have strong views on how the word is used and by whom.
I kept the 750 ml bottle on my kitchen counter top for more than a day, so it was definitely room temperature by the time I poured the dark, motor oil colored stout into 2 pint glasses, and waited for the abundant dark tan head to settle down before we tried it. The first whiff seemed to contain some of the bourbon barrel character, but to be honest, mostly all I smelled was raw alcohol. Well, it is an 11% ABV beer. It kind of intimidated me, but only because it was a school night. The taste starts with dark roasted malts, chocolate and coffee flavors, maybe a little vanilla, a little bourbon burn, and ALCOHOL. A mostly direct quote from my husband went something like this, "This might be a great evening after all." I refrain from conjecturing what he meant by that.
But enough gushing about My Publisher....on to the book I made.
all forms fit together
GRAINS (People respond to grains differently so I would eliminate them to begin with and add the whole grains* back in slowly and see how your body reacts to them.)
There was silence. Not a word. They seemed to be glued to their chairs.
ADDRESS: 34 NEW ACHIMOTA PLAZER,
The credit binge that brought the country to its knees is over, and Greece searches its soul to find new ways to survive in the ultra-competitive marketplace.
Faculty mentor: Lock Rogers, Biology
Summer is here and it is so much fun to be out and about with our babies and children! We are blessed to have these little miracles to entertain and bring us joy.
I've had a lot of failures and made a lot of mistakes in my life. I guess somewhere along the way I realized that failures and mistakes are part of being human. We all fail, and we all make mistakes. What you do after that is what matters. If you learn from it, and become a better person because of it, then you can't really call it a failure, can you?
I like her one sentence blurbs about each book. Precise.
I crept upstairs to have a sneaky peek at 9.45 a.m. and was stunned by how different this room looks now. Until last week, the exhibition in Gallery 3 was entitled ‘Hepworth in Context’ and explored Barbara Hepworth’s work in relation to that of some of her European contemporaries (idols, friends, lovers…), such as Constantin Brancusi and Ben Nicholson. I’d grown very fond of Brancusi’s Danaide and John Skeaping’s Woman and Bird, so I’d been feeling a little sad that I wouldn’t be able to admire them again for a while. However, my blues were instantly dispelled upon seeing the current offering.
In other words, you just put in your blog’s base address, and add “link:” in front of it.
Which in Britain, of course, is precisely what the royals are. As Sovereign, Queen Elizabeth is above the law, a separate entity, privileged at birth simply by virtue of her royal bloodlines. She must never behave -- nor be regarded in any way -- as a “regular Josephine.”
Karen also produces cardmaking kits too & stocks a large range of charms, she prides herself on trying to find charms & other items for her kits, that are just that little bit different.
Don't have this Hotteok press?
After many blood tests and other diagnostics, they have determined what is the likely culprit of Rae's low platelet count. First, her blood is fine-nothing wrong-Praise the Lord!! It is a nasty little bacteria in her stomach called helicobactor pylori. It is common in developing countries. According to her doctor she has probably had this before entering the orphanage and has gone untreated the last three years. It is likely that she may have developed some ulcers due to be untreated, but we are not certain at this time. He also informed us that she suffered from malnourishment before and during her stay in the orphanage.
But with confident smiles my forebears decline
The next step I take is to list major beats and possible plotlines. I allow myself a lot of wiggle room, writing down everything I can think of, knowing that a good chunk will get weeded out. Once I have the bones of the story--the frame to fill the guts with--I'll start outlining. After several weeks of revising the outline, I'll actually start writing.
2. Go down the stairs above the thrones to find the Princess's room! Have a chat with her, and says she may have an errand for you to run if you make her mother happy! Back to the queen!
So that template format really put a bug in my craw and made these little Blogger templates all of a sudden totally unsatisfactory. Small and wimpy.
She pulled back and looked up at me. "Are all promises equal?"
- Trout Creek Pass, Colorado (over 100 acres)
I’m Not Waiting Up
Schloss includes recipes for honey cardamom fizzy water, blazing inferno chile water, caramel seltzer, black lemonade, maraschino ginger ale, the “original” Orange Crush, homemade tonics, sarsaparilla, birch beer, spruce beer, various cream sodas, chai fizz, sparkling lemongrass lemonade, and an entire chapter devoted to shrubs, switchels, and other vinegar drinks.
1 pie crust
to the green walled den, that has your smell
2 TBSP butter, melted
Hey, says authoritative male voice, you can’t expect guys not to even notice, okay?
Now, the fried chicken came with four biscuits gravy and hot sauce. The biscuits were charred on the grill, and went great with the fried chicken. The chicken itself was well made. The amount of batter was just right, and they were deep fried to perfection. The only thing is, we thought the chicken lacked a bit of character. Adding a bit more unique spice in the batter would add a lot to the taste of the chicken.
Very calmly she turned to him and pleasantly said “Hello, it’s so good to see you!”
In Face Value, RJ Scott continues to unravel the story of the powerful Bullen family while introducing us to new Sanctuary agents and people involved in the Bullen family past. Beckett Jamieson turned 21 and immediately found out that his life has been one subterfuge after another. Isla and Derek Jamieson were not his biological parents, and his real name is Robert Edward Bullen, scion of the powerful and wealthy Bullen clan. Austin Mitchell, lawyer and friend of his biological mother, Emma, hands him a letter and a box with his initials on it that change his life forever. Soon he is embroiled with the FBI, murder, the Bullens and of course, Sanctuary.
I have been such a bad blogger... I know. My life has been nothing but eat, sleep and work since Thanksgiving. Our house has turned into a warehouse, with an endless cycle of boxes in the foyer from FedEx, UPS and USPS. My office has become a shipping and processing facility, with my sweet assistant Brad helping me package orders past our bedtime every night.
pick your target, how about them factories
I am soon to meet the hikers who have been just ahead for the last hour or so in our spread-out group. The walk up Walnut Mountain is a perfect ending to a long day: laborious. On the way up I pass a man about my age carrying a very large pack. It looks to weigh far too much to me. Many trucks and cars were parked at the foot of the hill at Lemon Gap, and there are pack-free, buoyant day-hikers springing past me as I trudge up the hill.
1/2 cup NatureBox dried cherries (cut in half if you like, that's what I did)
Really, Really Stupid:
On Tuesday, I pack some snacks, get dressed up, business casual, and make my was to the courthouse. This was a very interesting experience. One, now that I'm glad I was able to have. Let me tell ya though, Jury Duty brought out some interesting faces and some very weird smells from the people of Tulsa County.
Applicant should:
I tried to get one with the wings open, because they were the sweetest blue I've ever seen. No deal. They were too busy enjoying whatever it was, on the mossy rocks, at our little creek.
I am corrupt
Thursday: Shoveled 6 inches of snow...and called that good.
Thule Rokkhátíð @ Dillon Rock Bar um Verslunnaramannahelgina
Natasha
But I could not leave Paris without taking the time to pass by the shop of Julien Aurouze on rue des Halles where it runs into rue de Rivoli. I can't remember where I first read about Aurouze but I was reminded of this firm, which has been in the business of exterminating rats and other vermin since 1872, when reading David D. Downie's book Paris, Paris. It actually had a cameo appearance in the movie Ratatouille in a memorable scene in which the main character Remy is taken by his father to the shop (where dead rat trophies hang in the window) to illustrate the point that humans can't be trusted. And yes, there really are dead rats, captured and stuffed around 1925, hanging in the window.
So, yeah. BUT, last night they found a surgeon who has agreed to at least review her chart. He is a surgeon who specializes in cancers of the head and neck. Who knew?
I run Market Harborough People and after a month I feel that is coming along nicely. After just one month the site has had just under 1300 unique visitors and over time I think this number will go up significantly as the locals find out the potential of what the site can do to promote issues and news in Market Harborough.
THE INTERNET AND ONLINE JOURNALISM
---Demaris Wehr, Feminst Archetypal Theory: Interdisciplinary Re-Revisions of Jungian Thought, ed., Estella Lauter and Carol Schreirer Rupprecht.
I missed my boys terribly while I was in Vegas. When I picked them up from daycare last Friday they greeted me with huge smiles and hugs... they were so excited to see me and I was so excited to be picking them up!!! The teachers all wanted to see their expressions as they knew they would be priceless and they were.
I have not had the pleasure yet in witnessing such a spectacular phenomena…one day I will. In the meantime, for those like me who have not yet seen in person, here you go.
Be extra careful not to push on the clear plastic piece on the small end of the viewfinder, as it may push inward. If you do happen to push in the little plastic window, you need to try to glue it back in place through the screw holes in the viewfinder, which sounds extremely difficult and frustrating. The front chrome piece does come off, but you stand a very good chance of breaking it trying to do so.
Comment: The Constitution grants the Senate sole authority to confirm appointments when it is in session (Art II Sec 2 CL 2)
That's all folks!!! This Saturday I'm off to a petting zoo b-day party with the kids, and maybe I'll squeeze some crafting in if there's time. Superbowl Sunday....I will NOT be watching football. My sweet mother in law will be watching my kiddos while I head to the local flea market with my sis, sis-in-law, and some friends. YAY!!! It has been WAY too long since I've flea'd.
1 relied
My parents confirmed it as well. They were looking after him and my father (who has seven children and was an ER nurse) thought we might want to bring him to the hospital. But by that time things were getting bad, even so that I could tell this was a problem. I remember watching him sleep, stop breathing, chest rising in a futile struggle to get air, until he woke himself up enough to breathe again.
sounds nice in theory
Below is the graphic I used. I just edited out the background and reversed the image. Then I printed it on my laser printer and used CitraSolv to transfer it.
*Admittedly this is a general statement. I do know many RATIONAL liberal homosexuals who DO realize there are other issues at stake here. The number just appears to be very low. The vocal part of the gay liberal community is decidedly NOT worried about other issues it seems.
German Wheat Malt 5lb 0oz 43.5 % 1.4
Just popping in to say thank you to Isolde (Netherlands) who very kindly sent me these Squares today and her beautiful little gift. A La Zouzita! What a sweet idea! I love it thank you.
Then, like a bucket of cold water, reality reared its ugly head.
and I could buy a different
You were insecure, and so in turn you broke me down to fit beneath you
Pete Docter, Bob Peterson + Thomas McCarthy, Up
Speaking of, quick story...When Katie and Lynne came to visit in April, they knew I was pregnant but had NO idea that we were expecting twins. To this day, after all of the "reaction" photos I've taken, this one still takes the cake! I handed them a stack of pictures of the "baby" for them to look at over dinner... When they came to the last picture, which was one of both babies, I snapped this photo. It was like it clicked in both of their heads at exactly the same time. Lynne has a look of utter shock and Katie's about to say "Shutup!" in disbelief, as she often does when she's reallllly caught off guard. I will forever cherish this picture and will definitely be showing it to our kids someday. :)
Defense Secretary Panetta was visiting Afghanistan to hold a series of meetings with troops and Afghan leaders in the wake of the killing of 16 Afghan civilians allegedly by a U.S. soldier.
After we walked back to Lexie’s we only had to wait around 30 minutes and she was there!! All of the three amigas were back together again!
URBAN LEGENDS
I can't believe it was May since I last posted anything! What can I say.. I will blame it on having a new baby and all that comes with the rest of life. :) Ryan has been telling me I needed to update the blog and that I am slacking.. SO I transferred the duty to him. However, as you can see... its still not done. :) Glad I'm not the only one not doing it. Anyway.. I figured to update you I would post our Christmas letter that has yet to be send out. If you haven't gotten a card yet hopefully I will send it soon or this may be it. :) SO here it is:
Would you Adam and Eve it but yet another advert (making it's debut tonight, in the UK only I'm afraid) with my fizzog on will be appearing on your tele-boxes. Add this to VW, Kirky and my Yahoo! jaunt and I am verging on saturation point. No bad thing...unless you hate me...and the thing is with commercials, they are ever decreasing circles in that, if you do too many, people won't use you for a bit so I may be due for a crushing lack of work.
I don’t know if this is the setting of one Denbigh Moors ghost story, but on at least two reported occasions, a Roman Centurion in full dress was seen walking the Moors. It is believed that he may have died in battle on the Moors when the Romans were settling in nearby Chester (or Deva as the Romans knew it). The unfortunate twist is that seeing the long-dead soldier was known to be an omen of death. And, indeed, after two groups of men saw the apparition, one man from each party met an untimely death. I get chills just thinking about it.
Was it me
The base is made from a piece of hammered white that measured a fraction over 8" in length by 3¾" wide, folded in half. I then adhered the strips to the front of the card, leaving gaps of differing widths - the widest gap left for stamping the greeting on. A few lines of faux stitching, some bakers twine and brown pearls for embellishment - a quick and simple job.
What subjects, themes and dilemmas of the Regency period do you return to time and again? What subjects have you introduced?
Tim Holtz Distress Stickles - Clear Rock Candy
Add the lemon/lime juice to an 8 oz glass. Add the honey/sugar and mix well. We like ours a bit tart so you might need more honey/sugar. Q fills her cup with ice, Barb doesn’t like as much ice. Put in the amount you like. Now fill the glass to the top with Pellegrino and gently stir. Add a sprig of mint. AH! Perfect sparkling lemonade for a hot day! Enjoy while you sit outside and blissfully knit!
Henna immediately fired up. “Well, I very well may be! I found it abandoned and half-drowned next to a river. Whoever abandoned it has long since lost any rights to take care of it!”
One such market is Mercado Hidalgo, a sprawling indoor-outdoor market in the middle of Tijuana’s urban jungle. This mercado got its start in the mid 1900′s when a group of Tijuana vendors selling produce out of their car decided to establish a permanent location. After several moves, it settled into its final and current location at Boulevard Sanchez Taboada and Avenida Independencia in 1984. In keeping with the true spirit of local markets, Hidalgo is owned by its merchants who run the 80 open air stalls. 3 generations of families have worked here, creating a unique community with its own history and culture.
Allentown
Last time we were back on furlough, God arranged it so that we now have a wonderful little plot of land in the states. So so so so thankful. Our hope is to very soon be able to put a little dwelling place of some sort there on our land, eliminating the stress of finding housing every time we go, bringing things out of storage to set up living there, putting it all back into storage when we leave, etc.
My proud gal! Can't believe she will soon no longer be a kindergartner :(
the wind rises, the hour is late
Santo is the sixth year-round beer from Saint Arnold. It joins Saint Arnold Amber Ale, Saint Arnold Brown Ale, Saint Arnold Elissa IPA, Saint Arnold Fancy Lawnmower Beer and Saint Arnold Weedwacker in the regular lineup.
She's a total stunner, don't you think? I love her pretty face, her flowing hair, her beautiful butterfly dress, and the fact that she's surrounded by the beauty of nature...including butterflies, of course!
Top - H & M
Makes about 3 servings, more if served with brown rice.
11. Favourite day 4:56
Dailypost exclusively learnt that subsequent on the demise of Ugochukwu’s father, his mother, got married to a Yoruba man in Lagos.
Scarborough: isn’t Obama a loser
“The pineapple probably expects us to root for the hare and then look like fools when it loses,” said a crow. “Then the pineapple will win the race because the hare is overconfident and takes a nap, or gets lost, or something.”
The recipe for the apple cookies I obtained from Simple Nourished Living. I changed a few bits, using homemade apple sauce, adding chopped dried apples and omitting the walnuts. I'm quite happy with the results. The cookies weren't overly sweet and the texture was soft. I'm aware they didn't look pretty, but believe me, they were tasty. I decorated some with almonds or raisins, to add some variety. The general consensus was: “They're good. Can I have another one?”. Success!
I've left no one off the list by intent...if I missed someone, it's an oversight.
Most, with horrified looks on their faces, that seemed to say,
All this to talk about inspiration. I recently asked the Twitter world what music they use to get in the creative mood. A lot of the responses were movie soundtracks. I get that. Ellie Soderstrom and her husband Mike are all about the Tron soundtrack, so I’ve been playing that one recently.
Well, the whole "goths are introspective intellectuals and always create their own art/poems/whatever" thing I guess. I write stuff, lots of stuff, weird stuff. Books, novellas, poems. Most of them I throw away when complete, haha, but still. I want to write, or sing, or both, for a living. I also read Kafka because I actually like his writing, not because it scores me smart-person-points. Heheh. Stuff like that.
What are your favorite desserts you've had/seen at weddings?
The Author grants to D Publishing a licence...to exercise, including by way of sub-licence, all rights in the Work other than its first volume and electronic publication rights (Subsidiary Rights). Without limiting the preceding, Subsidiary Rights include:
And when the new year's sunshine blazed awake
The Musketeers, 10×60 series, written by Adrian Hodges (My Week With Marilyn, Survivors, Primeval) for BBC One
Yes, roses.
But most recently, we have had birds again. This time they are roosting in the newspaper slot of our mailbox. This is the fourth year they have set up home there despite Eric repeatedly removing nests (before they lay eggs - if there are eggs, we leave it alone like any good Samaritan) and despite blocking the entrance to the box. Trust me they are persistent little buggers.
wife of Jesuit-trained Bill Clinton.
Many factors drive the rising cost of health care. These include overuse of medical tests, repeat hospitalizations for chronic conditions like heart failure, excessive emergency room visits for conditions that could be treated by primary care doctors. Just as we must think about the cost of each medication we order when we sign that prescription, we should consider our personal decisions and the perception it creates in the public eye. If we want to claim the moral high ground, our personal habits must reflect the ethics we claim to practice.
Anyway..this is kind of the way my family is. One of my sisters imparticular will call and give any child of mine that answers the phone…including my husband….a good teasing about one thing or another before asking for me. I pretty much do the same to her children or my other sister’s children. There have been times when she or I or another sister will pass on the street and pull the old “finger up the nose” gag to be funny. These types of things are just normal for us.
Co-worker -
This was something that I had been thinking about off-and-on over the past month or so, and I was having issues working through this feeling. It wasn’t anything really pervasive. Just sometimes, when I would lie awake at night, thinking, I would get this feeling like I was tempting fate. That, come the end of five months (when it is likely I will be Gina minus fifty pounds or somewhere around there), I would have defied this notion of who and how I was supposed to be — overweight and/or obese.
Shirt:
Cry out for help?
Sky and i are gonna bust a new party anthem for SJ today~ they better be up for what’s ahead of them~^^
My 40th birthday was last fall and although I didn't make it to my lofty 148 pound goal, I'm okay with that and still plugging along.
Norfork was wadeable this morning and is scheduled to have the same tomorrow. Its been a while.
My heart wants to feel good about the news that three Labour Councils are to team up to protect front line services. Local people in Lambeth, Lewisham and Southwark voted in Labour Councils to protect public services from Tory Cuts. A unified campaign of three Labour Groups, together with the thousands of trade unionists employed in the three boroughs could be a force to be reckoned with.
So Jan decided to finish some other jobs he had planned to do this weekend.
I then had an appointment with a neurologist that I last saw 2 years ago. She said to take two 10mg (thus 20mg) until they ran out and to pick up a new prescription of 25 mg. I'm still on the 20mg but so far so good. I've haven't had a headache in a few days! What my neurologist also told me (and said the same thing 2 years ago) is that my neck muscles are extremely extremely tight (and this appointment was at 1030 am!). Obviously I already knew this but seem to fail at doing something about it. blah.
I received this complimentary copy of this book in exchange for this review. All opinions expressed are mine own.
regulations/red tape
In large dutch oven, combine oil, flour, salt and pepper. Cook over medium
while also refining our ability
We also celebrated Kyle's 26th birthday on June 21st. I took him to a Japanese steakhouse for dinner and secretly made him a 3 tiered birthday cake while he was sleeping. He was pleasantly surprised for everything. We truly didn't have the money to go out for dinner, but we have made the decision that we need to at least do something nice for each of our birthdays....even if that means adding a higher balance to the credit card. We also had our 2nd wedding anniversary (we've been married for 3.5 years but waited a year and a half to do the actual wedding) on June 27th. We didn't do anything for it other than make dinner together. We made chicken manicotti at home and watched tv together. We are such the "old couple" now! ha ha.
2. Accept your strengths – If you’re a good novelist but hate writing short stories that’s fine. Only write one if you want to write one or fancy entering a competition or something. Don’t do it because you think you should. Some people argue that writing short stories is good practise for writing novels. I actually find writing shorter stories harder than writing novels because you have to condense everything into such a small space. Personally I don’t think they are the same at all and it’s very possible to be capable of doing one better than the other.
“BUT WAIT!…ORDER NOW AND…” Doesn’t that confuse you? Which is it? Wait or order now?
Alan Gross. I’ll press a top foreign official to reveal exactly what
Soy Chile Sauce
The stone was rolled away.
The folding of fact into fiction produced a Mormon-style "Davinci Code" -- so plausible, some readers might wonder where history ends and imagination takes wing.
Update 2: Okay, consulted with my brother and found out it was just Sssssss, note the 7 "s"s, haha. Here's the trailer on YouTube, note the fused limb Low People impersonation in there.
Everything's so clear now, all the dreams have gone away
Depending on how long you let each candle burn for you will on average get 4 massages out of each tin . Priced at £5.99 i think they are a bargain and will definitely put you in the mood for Lurrrrve.
60 ml white rum
3) Get an early start: Travel during late night or early morning hours to avoid traffic gridlock. The worst times are typically after meals since most travelers wait to leave after they have eaten. Make sure that your driver is rested and prepared with the appropriate directions for your trip.
Alleluia! Jesus Is Risen (LSB 474)
3. Get Out
The one thing I liked about this film was the direction from Baz Luhrmann. He directed one of my favorites of all-time, Moulin Rouge!, and that film had a very crazy, trippy, and all-over-the-place feel to it, as so does this. I liked the visual style Baz was going for here, and the vibrant, and beautiful colors he uses in this film create such a great taste of feeling, and wonder to the whole story and look.
DE: A dfficult question. As we grow older proud moments are diluted by mixed emotions and familiarity with other successes and failures and their cost. Probably my proudest moment was getting my first team cricket blazer at school. This was connected with the hope that it might impress an attractive student at the girls’ school nearby. It didn’t. But the blazer was nearly as pretty. A comparable moment was getting my first short story published in a South African magazine when I was 17. ‘Don’t think you’ve arrived,’ my favourite teacher said. I hadn’t.
Less than two hours after the attacks on the World Trade Center, both towers collapsed, killing….”
‘Production’ for Baudrillard is characterised by mass production and serial repetition. Uniqueness and origin are no longer ‘a matter of concern’ (1983: 96) and copies cannot be distinguished from one another. Hems did not operate industrially, but the potential of production is visible in the scale of his workshop, which at its peak, employed over 200 workers (though we cannot see them in the images above and below). So each of the medieval objects in RAMM’s possession may have led to the production of different artefacts. I don’t know, for example whether the restoration of a particular boss on Dartmoor generated only a work for that site, or whether designs were used in other sites and contexts. Hems worked all over England, and in the USA. Did the objects in RAMM’s possession, the ‘originals’, constitute the inspiration behind the development of some kind of Victorian-medievalist ‘prototype’? Furthermore, did anyone, inspired by Hems, then produce industrial models of these designs? How did these medieval bosses ‘migrate’ into the contemporary?
Asleep Rising
I have an energetic almost 4 year old, who healed my heart on the day he was born.
Tiramisu: 8
You may also consider professional help. For many individuals this usually happens after repeated setbacks using over the counter wart removal treatments.
# vxdisk list
Is this the final hailstone that caves in the roof I spent yesterday propping up? I don’t think so, in a large part because were I to say that this is no longer the best sandwich it will not be because some other sandwich surpassed it but because it regressed. Rather than being bested, it can only fail to meet its own challenge. On this particular day, it did fail to do that. I don’t know what the future holds. It’s possible Bánh Mì Saigon had a bad day. It’s possible they’ve grown lazy, content to coast on their reputation. It’s possible they lost something in their transition to a new space, or something as simple as a change in cooks has lead them astray. But the question I attempt to answer is not “What is usually the best sandwich,” or “what could be the best sandwich?” It’s “What is the best sandwich?” That’s not a question I have an answer to right now. Here at the end of On Sandwiches’ Month of Bánh Mìs, I regretfully offer you no conclusion. This is a serious issue, and I do not want to make mistakes in haste. I will be hesitant to change what I consider to be the best sandwich, but I will not be unwilling. I am not sure when I will be able to revisit this issue, but when I do I will share what I find with you. That I have not settled this question does not mean it cannot be settled. Certainty awaits, and I look forward to obtaining it.
How many other warnings have you disregarded?
On to my next guest. This is Margaret Alston, a holder of an Order of Australia, Professor of Social Work and Head of Department at Monash University and Director of the Gender, Leadership and Social Sustainability research unit. Chair of the Australian Heads of Schools of Social Work. Much less flashy than Jeremy Rifkin, much more earnest, lots of academic credibility. This is a talk on Radio National's Big Ideas program, which is a broadcast of the Sidney Myer Rural Lecture (click to get to the page with the podcast) entitled "Rural Education…Shaping Leaders for the Future".
There seem to have been lots of layers creeping into submissions of late and in some cases a considerable lack of white space.
That's part of why I menu plan the week but am not too fixated on when we eat each meal.
But when their investigation takes a dangerous turn, Sunny and Jud soon realize their feelings for each other cannot be denied.
Spellcheck has informed me that I've now spelled choreograph wrong twice... a different way each time.
Therefore, welcome to the Carolina Renaissance Festival, part of the RoyalFaires renaissance circuit. Just north of Charlotte North Carolina, it's smaller than our beloved Minnesota faire, coming at just about 22 acres. Nevertheless, it's loaded with jousting, swords, juggling, fairies, wizards, and the occasional knight.
Level of Tsundere: Tap Water…and just as boring
He needed to grow up. He wanted too. Yet, there was a stunted part that felt he were frozen in time, watching everyone have what they wanted, except him.
As much as I loved blogging during my heyday of Wax Heaven, I must admit that one thing I do not miss is the drama that comes from message boards such as Freedom Card Board. There is a level of immaturity and drama from the card blogosphere as well at times but doesn’t compare to the card forums. The latest comes courtesy of Brian Grey and a recent lawsuit filed by Panini America. This one is just getting started and has hit ten pages.
In the first chapter of Colossians, we read a hymn declaring who Jesus is. As we think deeply about this passage of Scripture and the truths that are declared, we find strength to endure difficulties, we find purpose and beauty in our existence, and we find hope for the future.
Surely your butt is numb and you're ready to hop up and join us!? We'd love for you to play along in The Pinterest Challenge (they don't sponsor this lovefest, they just provide the black hole of time!)
You are seeing a very subtle stage of this buildup in progress in this very moment, and you have been witnessing this subtle stage occurring and unfolding for some time now. Pay close attention dear souls, to each and every time you see an article in your mainstream about how scientists have discovered new planets that they think could harbor Life. Pay attention to any mainstream disclosures that you feel may be significant in view of the coming changes, for these disclosures have begun trickling down again, in subtle ways.
pineapple casserole recipe:
Dirty glasses
Last Tuesday, my friend took me to Omakase
I know a lot of these steps seem drastic, but you really never know when the big change is a comin’, so you’re better off having these things ready. What’s that saying? “The best preparation is awesome preparation”. No wait, it’s “the best prepared people are prepared for the worst”. Is that a saying? If it is, it’s kind of a bummer. Fuck that.
One of the things I love about the ALA awards is that they are so much a product of their committees’ hard and very serious work. We call them our Oscars, but they’re really nothing like the Oscars—and thank God for that. Can you imagine the rage in Hollywood if the best picture nominations went like the CSK for illustration this year or the Caldecott last year, with only one honor and one winner? Or better still, if best actor was like the Schneider, where the committee declined to pick a winner for children’s books? And even when I find it personally frustrating in the short term, I love that the Printz and the Newbery are nearly impossible to handicap these days. Meanwhile, the Oscars nominated nine movies for best picture this year, all usual suspects included, and if they could find a way to do more, they would.
So by spring I will be able to get rid of all my big clothes and wear the smaller ones.
Economic growth is an increase in the total output of the economy often measured as the percent rate of increase in real gross domestic product, or real GDP. Growth is calculated in real terms in order to address the effect of inflation on the prices of the goods and services produced. If output rises faster than population growth, then output per person (or per capita) rises and the standard of living increases.
spine of the wooden frog,
It’s easier to stare at your reflection in the mirror and point out your flaws than to spend some time pointing out your strengths. It’s easier to lay in bed, to hide behind the covers than to go out and try something new. But at the end of the day you’re letting the bullies win, you’re depriving yourself of happiness and a good kind of change, you’re throwing away moments of your life that could be wonderful.
And don't you know how I hate rules?
Written by Sally Wainwright, who has a real ear for genuine-sounding dialogue and an eye for the details in life, it’s also quietly political. Instead of reporting to a patriarchal figure, the boss in Scott & Bailey is female – DI Gill Murphy (Amelia Bullmore). Unlike Jane Tennison in Prime Supect, she doesn’t blaze any trails: she just is. As Russell T Davies, the acclaimed screenwriter who cast Sharp in Bob & Rose, The Second Coming and Doctor Who, observed: “Even now, Scott & Bailey is remarkable just for being a cop show led by three women. The sheer existence of that show shames the rest of us.”
Mountain Sun Pub & Brewery Pater Brown
This is the second week image from Delightful Inspiration...
Don’t get me wrong, I’m not complaining. I’m all for growing as a writer and challenging yourself. And as a reader, I always like to be surprised by what I’m reading. As long as you keep your endings happy if you always have happy endings, or keep some of your signature voice in your books, I really don’t care.
Mr Baey replied that he did not hear about the case:
At the city we visited Bo-Kaap, formerly known as the Malay Quarter. It’s a Muslim neighborhood where the houses are painted with bright colors; the atmosphere was very peculiar. We had an amazingly tasty Malay dinner at a halal restaurant.
In theory by setting up these plantations and farming operations it allows the companies to employ local workers, creating more employment, and also allows the workers to benefit from cheap use of the product. In reality however it has, on the whole, not really turned out this way.
Chipboard. Hands down.
One benefit is the technology is proprietary to LRGP and not used under license via Penske or Dr Malcolm Smith. Thus LRGP are free to use and develop this technology freely.
Jim introduces us to his story by describing his great success in all things financial, and how this success brought him to China. The book, he writes, is the story of how he came to save over 40,000 babies between 2000 and 2012. When I interviewed him in 2008, Garrow claimed to have saved 24,000. By 2009 it had apparently risen to 31,000 (p. 149), 2010 the number had climbed to 34,000 and now, in 2012, it stands at 40,000 (Pink Pagoda "Introduction"). In his introduction he also admits that many might call him a "human trafficker", an accusation he freely and enthusiastically embraces.
I call it cerebral music played to perfection.
· The plural of Guinness is Guinness, not Guinnesses.
Overall Feeling: 3
Read more on Scalar / Plasma / Electromagnetism via frequency VLF and HF and the ‘Scalar Square’ that could be being produced by the AMISR :
Overdressed? Nope, gorgeous. – Thelma, dress maker to the gypsy community, based in Liverpool was thankfully back. She knows she is making some shall we say, odd creations, but who cares, she gets paid for it right? Well she knows what she is making so I don’t think she cares either way so long as her clients are happy.
This is also one of the reasons why I believe self-published authors should be careful not to be so quick to adopt labels like 'indie author' or 'indie publishing' when so many authors happily label themselves with these convenient monikers as badges of honor when actually they have little experience or knowledge of what it is they perceive themselves to be independent of; in abhorrence of; or dislike. I have pointed out before the label of 'indie' is a complete misnomer, Faber and Canongate are strictly 'indies', but they punch way above their weight in the publishing industry.
Mind you, certain things are outside of Redford’s control. For instance, in the past, Alberta PCs could always count on a sure-fire winning formula: Campaign against Ottawa.
And the UK consultants advising both Najib and Nazarbayev should explain how they believe that propping up these two regimes with slick PR advice can in any way promote the cause of democracy in these two countries?
But perhaps we should let the Royal do a proper introduction:
This has quickly become a favorite in our household. It's honestly better than going out to a restaurant.
What a great way to spend some "me" time on Mothers Day by doing a little crafting and a great starting off point is at Unscripted Sketches.
of her imagination, fuelled by visions from literature and
decorations: mini popcorn bag cakes, ticket stubs, sugar flowers, etc
_Yukiko Yamashita, 39, Ann Arbor, Mich. University of Michigan Medical School assistant professor and developmental biologist studying stem cell division.
After a few moments, Crème finally managed to gather up the courage to leave the tent herself. Whatever Brulee was doing seemed to be distracting whoever was attacking them well enough.
We started walking silently on the gravelled path that led to the main gate.
Since then I've bought a Holga 120 and the full Diana F+ kit. I'm still learning to use all three correctly, and I often discover I've shot a picture with the lens cap on, or over the top of another shot, or while the setting was on B for bulb instead of normal.
1. A proud look. Well, pride right? Pride, is an inflated sense of one’s personal status or accomplishments (aka hubris). In my observations, because I’m like Jane Goodall, the “pride” cycle of a dance student seems fairly consistent. A brand new new student, for it’s first six months will surrender to their environment and lessons; an “I know nothing” period. Once a small skill set has set in, here cometh the pride. They begin thinking that they know more than anyone else, even the teachers. Unknowingly they becoming a huge pain in the ass to those around them. Some out grow this portion of the pride cycle and return to a state of humility, but some never out grow it. Thinking back at that time, I cringe, I was a total moron.
W is almost ready for his yellow belt in karate. He got a stripe added to his belt this week. Test at the end of the month! He got contact lenses this week and now he doesn't have to worry about his glasses sliding down or flying off.
Well, I'm nothing if not willing to cop to a mistake! So here ya go!
Fitter Sh*tter man.
The vacuum may then be a stuporous passivity; an elsewhere engulfing.
1. When I first read it, I put the fourth word after the fifth word, which changed the meaning.
She didn’t question Elisha. She just trusted him. (He was representing God.)
Little Susie, like most preschool children, loves attention and wants whichever adult is nearest to comment on her accomplishments. One day she was walking across the balance beam and called out to me, “Look how I do balance!”
El TigreEl Tigre: The Adventures Of Manny Rivera
Queen Nzinga
“Exactly,” Ty said. “Times, have, changed. That’s, my point! So why are will still considering the same old texts the classics? What about Palahnuik and Fight Club? That was a book that transcended a generation. The Bluest Eye? Toni Morrison won a Noble-fuckin’-Peace Prize for literature. You don’t think she deserves to be up there with the Twains and Fieldings, Brontes and Hemmingways? Literature is the only medium that you seem to have to be on the “wait till your dead” list before your work is considered a classic.” He stirred the swill and condensation in the bottom of his bottle round and around.
This film delivers some of Arnold Schwarzenegger’s best and most memorable lines from I’ll kill you last too I lied. Colonel Matrix (Arnold Schwarzenegger) is retired and living peaceably with his 10-year-old daughter (Alyssa Milano) when she is kidnapped by the henchmen of an exiled Latin American dictator. The dictator’s plan is to reinstate himself in power by eliminating the president of his country, using Matrix to kill him (or he will kill the kidnapped daughter). Great now go blow some $#*! up. Tim’s Film Reviews Recommended.
We stopped by there two weekends ago for a drink at the bar and to have a couple of appetizers. We settled on a Bloody Maria made with jalepeno-infused tequila, something called a Crawfish Cheese Cake and some fried pickles. The Crawfish Cheese Cake was like a souffle with cheese, crawfish tails and Andouille sausage. Everything was delish!
It was only through the rousing of the Dragon Aspects and their kin, alongside the demigods of nature gathered by Cenarius, that the limitless army of demons was driven back. But only the destruction of the portal being opened for Sargeras would truly save their world from destruction.
till all I could see
above image from a stamp I won in a competition (I cant remember where from)
The song continues
There are any number of Superman villains, but I seem to come across a lot of issues where a gloryhound scientist goes off the rails. Like today's issue! From Action Comics #433, "The Man Who Was Buried on Page 64!" Written by Cary Bates, pencils by Curt Swan, inks by Murphy Anderson.
Anyway, this is a long way around to saying that most of the energy it takes to juggle a bunch of projects goes into the juggling, not into the projects. And while it makes me feel like I have a lot going on, having a bunch of balls in the air turns out to be far less satisfying -- and far more stressful -- than standing on the pitcher's mound and delivering one ball into the catcher's mitt at a time. And then another one. And then another one. And then the inning is over, and I can sit in the dugout for a bit and watch the crows in the outfield before getting up and doing it again.
The figure is painted with acrylic paints. the base is made of styrofoam, wich I tried to look like a street with paving-stones. It didn't come out well. I also didn't want to paint it in the usual grey colors these men normally wear. That's why I used this greyish blue.
"The loss of a friendship can be nearly as painful as a bitter divorce or death. And yet it is a strange sort of heartbreak, one that is rarely discussed, even in our tell-all society. Tales of disastrous loves abound, but there is something about a failed friendship that makes those involved guard it like a shameful secret."
The Oversight Committee's contempt resolution would have to almost certainly come to a full House vote. Passing it would probably be a foregone conclusion considering the current makeup of the House and the ongoing lies, obstructions and misstatements coming out of the Department of Justice since the Fast and Furious scandal, which involved deliberate sales of guns to Mexican drug cartels by the Department of Justice became known. While Holder and the Justice Department have supplied a large number of pages of the documentation demanded in congressional subpoenas, congressional investigators accuse the Justice Department of supplying the documents selectively and highly redacted, and that tens of thousands of pages of internal documents requested by the congressional subpoenas have been deliberately left out.
The other is also about a girl, here for the first time. She came from another state. She is kind of quiet and seems the kind who keeps to herself. I don’t think anyone would look at her and think of her as someone who would be popular, or even someone who would hang out with the popular kids. On Tuesday evening, the teens participated in a talent show. This girl walked onto the stage and, without saying a word, put on her guitar and began to play the opening chords to Stairway to Heaven. When she finished, 300 people rose to their feet, cheering, clapping, and calling for an encore. Later on, she and one of the teen staff members, a young man who is a semi-professional musician, were jamming in a lounge area.
Since I started to commute into London I have noticed how many people (especially men) have become adept at the ‘Delayed Foot’ walk. This is not a Basil Fawlty/John Cleese creation but more of a necessity to avoid catching the heels of folk as they walk past.
Here's a list and links to the films up for vote this round:
While hummus is chilling, prepare pitas.
take the break that I had been scheduled to start twenty minutes before . . .
The most famous scenes have been played and talked about ad nausea; I’ve always been struck more by the chase from payphone to payphone more than the bank robbery scene where Harry spouts his famous line. It’s an incredibly well paced scene that doesn’t get much attention when people talk about the film. I love that Siegel decided to not accompany the scene with any music, but to just let Harry’s panting be the only thing we hear. Also, the sound of a telephone ringing becomes ominous when we understand the stakes that Scorpio states from the onset (Harry is not to let the phone ring less than three times, and no one is supposed to answer it but him). When Harry is a little late to a phone after running all over the city, and an old man picks up, it seems like nothing on paper, but the way Eastwood plays the scene and the way Siegel directs it makes it one of the most intense moments in the film.
It is tempting to suppose that a pair of brothers named James and Jude are the same as another pair of brothers named James and Jude, if there is no obvious objection to identifying them. (This is not necessarily a valid inference, since the selection of names can be influenced by fashion. I have no difficulty, for example, in thinking of six families I know with brothers named David and Michael.) Accordingly, it has been customary to identify the two Apostles “James the son of Alphaeus” and “Judas (the brother) of James” with the two brothers mentioned in the Nazareth account, and also with the Jude who wrote the Epistle and his brother James, taken to be the same James who wrote the Epistle of James. On our list, this identifies James the Less (2), James the Nazarene (6), James the Kinsman of Jude the Apostle (7), and James the Brother of Jude the Writer (8), and probably James the Son of Cleopas (5). However, it should be noted that the most natural understanding of “Judas of James” is “Judas son of James,” and that there is therefore no reason to suppose that James the son of Alphaeus has a brother named Jude.
Now it’s interesting that Bob states in GWW2 that Fr. Coyne is "liberal-minded" and "aligns himself more with the liberal theological and exegetical school of thinking". Normally that would make Bob suspicious. But in this instance it would seem that it was more convenient to swallow Fr. Coyne's analysis of Fr. Olivieri’s arguments whole, even though Bob could just as easily have read that whole section of Finocchiaro's book for himself and found out that Fr. Coyne had misrepresented the Commissary General of the Holy Office.
You can purchase both brushes together for less than $25! That INCLUDES SHIPPING
Brazilian Lea T. was born Leandro Cerezo in 1981, but that didn’t stop her from becoming one of the most famous transsexual fashion models in the industry today. Lea has been called the muse of high fashion design house Givenchy.
Well, guess what? It IS too late! As evidenced by the abandoned bowling alley and other points along the way, it would seem civilization has bit the big one, leaving Thelma and Roy on their own...minus Roy, maybe.
That's all for now. My next task is to try eggs. I want to fry and then scramble some to see how badly they stick.
I think nearly all of us felt as if her comment were a slap in the face. I know I was jolted out of my comfort zone by her comment. I waited for a surge of opinions to surface. It was difficult to detach our emotional responses to this comment and not create a scene in the restaurant. And although I didn’t see the comment as objective, this new member most certainly did.
Nathan David Fossey (Lib Dem) 323
Stay strong, and remain passionately committed to your hearts chosen path.
And you don't have to be of 'school' age to be an unschooler. In my books, anyone can be an unschooler when they are approaching living in an independent, inquisitive way.
This shows you I spent my teen years in the eighties: Madonna's "Papa Don't Preach" was the first thing that popped in my head when I thought about the peach crepe I made the other day.
“Yes,” I whisper. “Why?”
About 20 green grapes
Operation Range: 10 meters (extended).
The Louboutin glass slipper is being released in conjunction with Disney’s Diamond Edition of “Cinderella” this fall, a combo-pack which includes two Blu-Ray discs and a DVD with bonus features, celebrating the beloved classic animated feature, first released in 1950.
Their beauty to behold.
Gokivo Navigator (Free) is a good free alternative. It’s very simple—you just input where you want to go and it navigates you there. When I intentionally missed turns to see what it would do, it reacted pretty quickly and tried to get me on the right route. When I went in the wrong direction it had trouble keeping up with me, however, telling me to run right on every street I passed but not getting the words out in time. To be fair, however, I was trying to make it mess up. Overall Gokivo held its own and provided solid navigation. If you’re not into Waze or spending any money, Gokivo is worth a look.
The tag was just an ordinary white luggage label I'd bought from Tesco so I'm not sure that the card quality was ideal but I'm happy with my first time results. Three different colours of ink were used to colour the tag, which I can't remember the names of, before using Black Stazon ink to stamp the Inkadinkado Lady across the middle. To add some sparkle I sprayed it with Turquoise Blue Glimmer Mist. I'd liked how the colours had worked and when I got home decided to finish off the tag. On the top right and bottom left corners the Hero Arts Stamp Style is Eternal was stamped to continue the script from the Inkadinkado stamp plus I felt it complimented the image. In the other corners I decided to add some pattern as a contrast and sponged ink through a cardboard mask I'd made using a paper punch to make spots. I now feel this is a step I could have missed out.
Then in Acts 10 Peter went by special command to the Gentile, Cornelius, but this got him into strife as we now read Acts 11:2.
Other demolition work on the expansion project is being handled by Par Environmental. The Suffern, N.Y., firm, then known as Par Wrecking, was cited in a 2008 federal indictment for paying $35,000 to a Gambino crime family associate to allow them to ignore labor agreements on a Newark garage demolition.
Right now this kid is in parental lock down. His dad is taking him to school and picking him up and then he forces him to sit and do his homework until he falls asleep, ready for the same thing the next day. He's grounded from coming over to our house, which also punishes Chamille. I really hope good can come out of all of this. Parents should spend time with their kids, they should connect with them. Hopefully the forceful lock down and babysitting will create positive interactions where father and son can work together on helping homework become something positive. The part that concerns me, is the sheer negation of what this kid loves, keeping him from seeing Chamille, may do more harm than any good that could come from trying to connect, assuming that connection is the goal.
LAYERS.
Here I am, fifteen years later. I eventually picked up reading and writing again. I majored in English, after all. But I still don’t consider myself a particularly talented writer. I often believe, to this day, that my creativity peaked at age eight. I was recently chatting about this with an acquaintance over a beer. He asked why I don’t consider myself a “writer” and I said:
The seed of a new book is forming. Online research. I realise that my main character may need a reality check at the climax of the story, so she can make a decision about what path to choose. Meanwhile, a good friend of mine is bravely battling cancer – a reality check if ever there was one. I remember a girl who was diagnosed with lymphoma when I was a teenager, and how shocking I found it. I want to write about her.
On February 10, 2010, CME announced its purchase of 90% of the Dow Jones’s Indexes including the DJIA. Yesterday, it was reported by the Wall Street Journal to be ‘in advanced talks’ with McGraw to buy its S&P ratings subsidiary. (The former’s shareholders more or less ordered McGraw to dump S&P.) And then, just four hous ago – in what I find an astonishing development – The Journal led with insider CME knowledge that the game plan is ‘to combine stock-market icons such as the Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&P 500 into a joint venture that would give the firms more sway over investors and exchanges around the world’.
But, when it comes down to it, he delivers. A killer wave comes up on Coney Island, and he grabs his lifeguarding gear and swims into it, not away as everyone else is doing, trying desperately to save a drowning victim. And, when he gets thrown up on shore, three days later with a bit missing from his memories, he's not just This Guy anymore. He's THAT Guy. The one who survived, when everyone else died. The one whose tail just... manifested... in... the... bathtub...
and bring us to that city of light
DANGEROUS MINDS: A CELEBRATION OF RADICAL THINKING.
Do you use soap? Do you think of soap as being old fashioned or do you love to use soap? Thanks so much ladies xx
Gouvernement du Québec (no official name in English) owns Green Mountain Power via its $159 billion Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (Québec Deposit and Investment Fund, which has no official name in English).
The link between mental health problems and violent behaviour. Excellent article from Nursing Times. http://www.nursingtimes.net/nursing-practice-clinical-research/the-link-between-mental-health-problems-and-violent-behaviour/204481.article
Each day was eventful and full of fun,
I couldn't put this book down although I didn't automatically like either Em or Dexter. They were both flawed characters but had their likeable points and Dexter, particularly grew on me as his character gained some depth. I suppose it is a little like life in general, your character develops as you grow up.
Hope you liked the "Mini Makeover" on our landing!!! :)
Well here I am.
Some frat was hosting their annual “let’s get together when a new semester starts and get wasted” party. It was the beginning of jaw-dropping parties for the year and Leigh kind of had to go. Arianna was dating one of the guys hosting it and by default Leigh was dragged along, figuratively screaming all the way. Looking back at the apartment, maybe she shouldn’t have worn that kind of low cut top, or even those really tight skinny jeans that she swore left bruises after she took them off.
- La Boquera drinks 2 euro; calzone; fruits
The evil one’s the real bully. Don’t ever forget it!
It's no surprise that Clash loses steam as Phoenix's steeliness softens and the character falls captive to horribly designed and overly predictable story trappings. Phoenix loses the majority of her crew early on, leaving no one to command other than Tiger, who is elevated from bossed-around thug to the love of Phoenix's life. Not only is the romantic slant badly drawn and cheesily conceived, it thrusts Phoenix into a paint-by-numbers subservient woman-in-action role, albeit one that throws some nice kicks, that must be redeemed by a superior male that comes to her rescue in the end. It's hard to keep interest from waning because the two leads exhibit scant magnetism. It's also odd that Ngo and Nguyen have little chemistry since they are or were apparently an off-screen item. Admittedly, martial arts films are a little bit of a cinematic blindspot for me, but I understand that diehard fanatics of this genre primarily measure these films by the action on display and care far less about the bland narrative threads.
But that is what makes him a great character! Unlike many of Wanda E. Brunstetter's other characters who are shallow, predictable, and often cookie cutter, the characters in this series come to life for me. I get definite strong opinions about them, sometimes positive, sometimes negative. But the fact that she, as a writer, can make me care so much demonstrates her skills as a writer in this series.
Not bad for a rookie, eh?!
And yes, please publish their photos in the media as well. The rest of us whose outing last Saturday for a noble cause was spoilt by these few would want to know who they are and whether they represent any group or political party.
Don’t give me ash though
It’s been four months since I become Yoochun’s slave. A cold-hearted vampire that somehow… nice? Although I am his slave but he never treats me as a slave. He treats me nicely. He never yell, angry or touch me. He really treats me like I’m his guess… or friend?
With the beginnings of lengthened stretches of daylight, dovetailing winter’s last breaths, scenery changes again. Circumstances remain as they’ve been, but ways in which they are perceived may represent the difference. A season’s transition directly affects sightlines, as it does the landscape itself. Early spring reminds me of how much less needs to be expended in order to be mobile. No windshield-scraping, or path-shoveling, or garment-layering required. Bold heel-landing strides supercede iceshuffling babysteps. And to go with that, roads and trails become more inviting. These familiar conduits are the same as before, yet now more passable, more seasoned by another round of elements.
FREE SHOW!
Accommodates:6
Chris Edley's voice on this track is elegant to the max.
I haven't been around much these last few days - been really busy trying to catch up with things (the story of my life!!)but should be able to do some visiting over the next few days.
I had to give my original unit that I bought for my room to my son...So I used a dresser that someone gave me...took the glass doors off and it works really well! ( ignore all the boxes down the side of the unit...i keep those for sending in pages to the magazine)
I used to be a bank making machine, 20 different animals! Penguins, cats, bunnies, ducks, etc etc plus 2 sizes of many and 4 sizes of piggy banks. I did not burn out on the them, but I needed a break: I was wholesaling them for a long time, and would get these orders for 100. Good golly I like a check for big dollars but it is flippin' DULL making so many of the same. Now, as you know, I fart around, doing this and that every day, not wholesaling....
Take a look at a couple of prints I have been drawing into today. Another few acts of bravery – involving a marker pen!
The deal was brokered by Live Nation Merchandise, KISS's Global licensing agent.
Mumbled Moon slightly confused.
Rather than teaching adults and children to find their commonalities, they are promoting “social justice.” Let us define the difference between equal justice and social justice a bit. Equal justice is what we, as Americans, and especially our founding fathers, hoped to create in this country. Equal justice is portrayed in our society by a blindfolded justice holding the scales. She is blindfolded as to not see your race, your religion, or your social status as a factor in applying the law.
Making it harder to convert them to something else won’t save pubs if the underlying demand isn’t there
What's the next big goal you have for yourself?
If you make a deposit you will get a 300% op to $5000 signup bonus (standard ongame 8x bonus) with 90 days to clear it, and you will still get the $30 free poker money.
The ECB, as faceless bureaucrats, would be stumped and the process of recovery would start. As someone who has worked in distressed debt markets for a large bank, I know the bond market would reward us for such a move by opening up and financing us readily.
Vice President: Cassidy Cales
His guests also seem to have liked the bubbly stuff as well. He forked out £24,000 for a Met bottle of Ace of Spades, £9000 for two Bruts and for 40 standard bottles at £500 a pop. If you’re going to have a night on the champers, have it large, as my old granny used to say. All I can hope is that the staff got their fair share of the service charge. For, at £18,540, it should mean a good tip.
#4 Say No To Sweets
2. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Once oven is heated to correct temperature, bake meat ball/kebabs for 35-40 minutes, or until browned and cooked through.
Grandma Got Run Over By a Reindeer ... Cartoon Network (west) ... 9 PM
and I wish he would just breathe.
I looked around the pier and saw three other people besides us. One of them, an old man, stood down at the end, watching us. He looked at the bucket and smiled at me.
To her adoring fans, Melody has achieved everything: a major contract and a coupling with the hottest bump prospect around. But this image is costing her the one guy she really wants.
CT scanning uses a thin x-ray beam to show three-dimensional views of soft tissues. It is performed at a hospital or clinic and takes only minutes. MRI uses a magnetic field to produce clear, cross-sectional images of soft tissues. The patient lies on a table that slides into a tunnel-like scanner for about 30 minutes.
Had a lovely time in London, we stayed really central (Hyde Park) and managed to pack about as much in as you possibly could in 3 and a half days. We did all the touristy things - London Eye, Westminster, Big Ben, Harrods, Oxford Street, Portrait Gallery, Theatre - that kinda thing. Boy was it cold though?! I've never been as cold in all of my life (fact.), I thought it was 'up-north' where all the minus temperatures came from?! At one point my boyfriend David had to stop and take his socks off and give them to me to wear outside Buckingham Palace. My feet had turned blue! Saying all this, we did just about evade the snow though so we should count ourselves lucky for that!
And, that’s exactly why you should never convince someone to get a dog. Talk them out of it. Tell them how much trouble a dog is. How much work dogs are and emphasize potty-training. (which, like the idea of changing diapers, tends to spook the timid and the uninitiated.)
This toilet paper belongs in the cupboard under the sink.
Let that sink into your heart…and believe it. God wants His people to be blessed. He takes pleasure in blessing His children. What father wouldn’t? Why wouldn’t God want to bless His people? He didn’t just create us to leave us alone; to never have anything to do with us. God wants the best for us. Let this scripture get settled in your hearts.
The reason I’m telling you this is because I met a guy the other day and was perfectly happy to have a chat to him, but didn’t really want to take it any further. Then he asked me for my number. Ugh. I had spoken to him for about 5-10 minutes, he said he had to go but we should catch up sometime. So I gave him my number, as it was easier than arguing with him. He text me last night saying:
After Anuradhapura we begin to pass garrison after garrison of government troops: A silent, ominous, quickening drum roll. A war occurred here.
I still remember my first time behind a wheel of a car, legally...
The single greatest “change” they have brought about is the way they have forced us to give up our homelands to a massive third world invasion, and it is this, above all else, which is destroying us. A few short decades ago all the great powers of this planet were Western powers, we now face a situation whereby it is expected that within twenty to thirty years only 25% of the planet's wealth will be held by the West. That is a great result if you believe in egalitarianism irrespective of merit, but not if you care about the future of the West, or indeed the future of our planet.
don't try to save time by laminating whole sheets of paper then cutting. You will not get as good of a seal on the laminate and they will not be as durable
Listening to: Standing on Ghosts by Two Door Cinema Club
My Islam is Pelagius upholding truth against the prevailing lies
If anything, this process has taught me one thing: write better the first time.
So, in light of the Ab challenge that I have recently accepted from a friend of mine, I decided to look into a couple of different workout routines…might as well make this the perfect excuse to finally take my daily trip to the gym more seriously.
Just some food for thought.
Jemile Weeks OAK S 5
The Simpsons: Arcade Game
At 32.6 light-years away, our sun would barely be visible as a speck of light. In stark contrast, Aludra, Wezen, and Omicron 2 at 32.6 light-years distance would outshine Sirius (at its distance of 8.6 light-years) by some one to two hundred times. At 32.6 light-years, Sirius would be about the same brightness as the Gemini star Castor. So if all these stars were equally distant, these super-luminous stars in Canis Major would shine thousands of times more brilliantly than Sirius.
Train Table - $10
We are one
I know some teachers that hate data-driven education because it can be so much extra work and time to individually assess each kid. And it definitely can eat up a lot of time. But my first teaching job was at a school that had been labeled "failing" four years running, and I was hired as an interventionist (along with 5 or 6 others) to help turn it around. My job and that school required constant data, and while it was a lot to fit in, we ALWAYS knew how each child was doing on every reading and math standard and in reading fluency. Our groups for researching and RTI were changing every 3 weeks at least.
Kelly Ripa, Regis Philbin (Live with Regis & Kelly)
Human rights groups and opposition parties have linked the submarine purchase to the 2006 murder of Mongolian translator Altantuya Shaariibuu, a one-time lover to Abdul Razak.
How has it affected your work/job/career choices?
Anyone raising a girl has had to explain, persistently and in great detail, why exactly she is not allowed to leave the house in that outfit. I am really good at this because I learned from the best – my mother. What has taken me by surprise is the variations of this debate I have already encountered given their young ages of 8 and 6.
Here in the desert, the arrival of March means the first crack of the bat and the smell of sunscreen — in other words, Spring Training. Over the weekend, I enjoyed one of the best ways to watch baseball, lawn seating in the sun at a Cactus League game. From the outfield, we couldn’t see everything at the plate, but it didn’t matter. The game didn’t even matter; it ended in a tie after 10 innings.
When my own children were little, I followed a tradition my mom had with us when we were growing up. I would have a small treat for the kids waiting for them on the dining room table, or it might have been tucked away in a lunch bag. It was always a foil-wrapped chocolate heart or the same item on a sick in the form of a lollipop. Conversation hearts and gummy hearts and wee foil choco hearts also found their way into lunch sacks along with a little Valentine, too.
That's why it is so important to remember the genocide. It matters ... today, right now, to all of us. Next month Congress will vote to re-authorize the Violence AgainstWomen Act, and for the first time (thanks largely to the work ofSouth Dakota Indian women), the law will create a tribal division within the Justice Department to manage programs for Native women, increase funding for shelters, an inter-tribal sex offender registry, a protection order registry, better training for law enforcement and expand counseling for men.
By covering every base, we ensure the next teen party doesn’t end in tears.
“The letter’s not from me,” said Lionel sullenly. “Why don’t you read the signature at the end?”
Much of what passes for fantasy these days is just science fiction in disguise: Adventures told in worlds where the physical laws are different, allowing “magic” in some form or another. But there is still a physical world in these stories, and it is still more “real” than what goes on in the minds of the characters. So these tales, which are often written in High Fantasy mode, are still rationalist, materialist fiction.
Het lint is van Wild Orchid Crafts, Vintage Seam Binding. Daarop een mooie glitterknoop geplakt van The Hobbyhouse.
For US Masters, the English test is not required but sea service will have to be justified with the help of letters of service from previous employers.
2nd dope FeEP out now is this-- "Odditorium", the 4 track wonderment from Gangrene (Alchemist and Oh No) that I actually saw for the first time earlier today in physical form (vinyl) at a record store day function..
It's funny because we often joke about how we could be long lost sisters with how much we have in common! It's so much fun having such a good blog buddy! And I LOVE her weekly project link up parties. So much inspiration to be found!
Sticker Shape : Standard Stickers
Below is Stephen Crane’s “In the Desert”, a poem that has a similar effect as the above stanza. I recall Galway Kinnell using it to preface an essay in which he talked about the nature of being a poet.
I’d say the rules are quite clear: Give the 5-year social passes to real spouses. Don’t give them to fake ones.
“I’m noticing a little pattern where teams are dropping back with seven (or) eight guys defending, and they’re packing it in but it’s all bout composure and playing it out. I tell the guys, a win’s a win.”
I have a lot of fun memories, but it would have to be all of the times I've gone to Disneyland with my family. One time my mom, dad, sister, and me went to both parks over two days and that was a lot of fun, but the best experience is when we went for the 50th anniversary.
After this, though, things changed. The subsequent Muppet movie sequels all seemed dreadful (I never watched more than a few minutes of them on television), and subsequent Muppet television projects were less interesting to me. (Anyone for the Muppet Babies?)
Speaking of which - does the box remind anyone of anything? Are there any old-school Nintendo fans out there?
Warning signs in his pitch:
3.Killers
2. Die (on accident, of course.)
In early 2011, Tri-State Transportation Campaign (a region-wide advocacy group) found Eastern Parkway to be one of the City’s most dangerous streets for pedestrians— with five fatalities reported at the time of the study. Council Member Letitia James recently requested that the NYC Department of Transportation complete a study to determine the feasibility of a slow zone along Eastern Parkway.
I'll have to do another fasting, 3-hour Glucose-Tolerance Test in 2 months, and we'll see how I'm doing then. In the meantime, my allergies and asthma are back full-force, as the Singulair and worked really well to control those. I am not taking another pill. I'll just put up with it.
‘You know, querida,’ Jason whispered in my ear, ‘I have something for you.’
"I'm not Amish," she added, in a tone that suggested "There is NO way I am Amish."
One more glance around the room. My eyes fixed on a table, with a hand desperately waving at me!! I barely waved back, and really amazed that the guy I canceled on, was in the same restaurant the whole time!!
This debate is contemporary Metaphysics, the branch of philosophy that examines the nature of reality. It includes the relationship between mind and matter, essence and attribute and fact and value. Metaphysics is the philosophical study of being and knowing. What is real, what is illusion; what is actually happening and what are political myths.
It's well worth exposing your older children to realistic drama, sitcoms and romantic comedies so that they gain an understanding of the sorts of things that are expected in relationships; what should be said, how to express empathy and how to say sorry. Younger viewers won't have the attention span for these types of films but their older siblings certainly will.
I have met people who will be friends for life
