Isn’t it so delightful on a sunny Spring day to happen upon a bouquet of Forget Me Knots? Their grace and delicacy are such a reflection of humility as one gazes around their natural environment and sees rocks and weeds, and among other rugged, natural manifestations, downed tree limbs from winter’s harsh reality.
1) Blank card-stock masks (availabe at Michael's)
The Marquis’ New Clothes: To save her cousin, Aimee de Miran must retrieve a jeweled ring from the most sinfully seductive man at court, the Marquis de Nattes. But to search his considerable wardrobe she’ll have to get very close to the notorious rake…and soon she finds herself very close to him indeed, with his clothes—and hers—utterly forgotten…
Cindy Oldham, Author
Alrighty, this post is getting crazy long so I think that's enough for today! Have a great Monday everyone! (And bake these cupcakes, you'll thank me!) Xoxo
If you've got to have some, just let me know in a comment but be sure to include your email address or just email me directly.
The No. 27 returned to the bullpen after Crawford's trade to the Cardinals.
2. I cut, sewed, folded the bias tape. Pain in the tuchas (!) as the wool did not want to keep a crease. I ought to take a photo of my process: using one of those 1/2 inch bias turners PLUS about 5 or 6 pins in the ironing board to keep the folds in place while drying to set. I hope I don’t have to fiddle with it too much once I start using it.
- This giveaway only opens for US and Canada residents only.
Dimensions: 48″ Long x 17″ Wide x 19 1/2″ Tall
See Lewis Schaffer live every Tuesday and Wednesday at the Source Below. Free admission. Reserve at http://bit.ly/londonfreeshow
Sweat.
Remembering that the carrying out of this dedication is by faith. We act on that faith by submitting ourselves to the renewal of our minds through obedience to His Word as inspired by The Holy Spirit, letting His Spirit Guide you in all matters considering also the following exhortation:
Positive people have one issue they always have to worry about and that is the negative people trying to squash the vibe. Are you one of those people who see a positive post and just get upset when you see it? Do you want to just crush that person a little bit, because darn it they are just too happy? Well, I think it’s time we have a talk.
“I usually shoot better, but strange phone calls tend to throw off my aim”
Kaley also took the stage for a performance with her co-stars from The Big Bang Theory.
Heidi xo
Should I de-clutter and send back the company equipment I don't need? Yes.
Photographers may often feel like they are in a never ending battle against online appropriation of their images. It is recognised and even, perhaps, accepted that some uncredited use can happen in the social media world by inexperienced people keen to share images but failing to credit the origins of those images. However, photographers generally don’t expect one of the largest magazine publishers in the world to be taking their images, manipulating them and passing them off as their own. Yet, that is exactly what has recently been happening on Vogue Spain’s Instagram page. The misappropriation appears to have started with Sion Fullana’s work but when he raised awareness of the breach other examples came forward. Vogue has now apologised, via Instagram, and appears to be in negotiations with the relevant artists.
A great shading brush should be soft and fluffy, be careful not to remove what you've just applied you just want to soften the lines. I do this by making very small circular motions with the brush. The finished look should result in colour over the entire eye, lighter in the corner and under brow, slightly darker on the lid and in the socket.
This time was different though. While he was clasping my cash and prizes with his old, frigid hands, the doctor asked me to turn around and bend over. I was not amused. The exchange went something like this…
-ask politely for information ( get details first and then name, occupation, and where the caller is from).
I'm gonna leap outa the box on this one and say...
There must have been a day like the day before it
We read in the Bible that God is love. When God created Adam and Eve, He created them in His image. This included giving them the ability to love. God also knew that love that is forced or given out of duty, and not out of a heartfelt desire, is not really love. So instead of God giving Adam and Eve a sense of “obligation” to love and obey, He gave them the “freedom” to choose to love and obey. Life lived under “freedom” gives us the ability to choose our actions, attitudes and responses to others and to God, but does not mean we are independent of them – we are still accountable for what we choose to do. If God wanted to head off evil from the beginning, he would not have given Adam and Eve the freedom to choose their responses. While it would have prevented them giving in to temptation, it would also have meant that their relationship with God would have robotic, love would have been given out of obligation, and truly would not have been love at all. For God “not” to give freedom for us to choose our responses would have been contrary to God’s very nature of being love itself.
Her influence is clear to hear in records like early Depeche Mode, John Foxx’s Metamatic and of course Kraftwerk. Larry Fast became a firm friend and they share some musical common ground.
4 teaspoons grated orange peel
That sealed the deal for me. I may have been young, but I knew right away that I had just said something foolish, stupid even, and wrong. My face grew red, and because it was too late for me to take my words back, I did the next best thing; I tried to undo my shame by not wanting ten kids anymore.
Correction which started for S&P500 index on 4/2/2012 is not over yet. Market Breadth Ratios have deteriorated (see chart below).
With dinner finished, the music is turned up and everyone has a dance. Carole is doing Salsa classes so she shows us her moves as she dances to some Latin number. Most people leave around mid-night (they all have to get up and work the next day) and I start to load the dishwasher.
“And be careful what you ask her. Like, don’t ask her if her mother was kidnapped by three men in a blue car, okay?”
It was a 6.6 mile walk around an area called Mobberley, which is a lovely village south of Manchester. It wasn’t very hilly so it was perfect to start with and I had a great time. The route took us from the train station, through many fields, to a very nice pub for a break. After the break we went through more fields, across the railway line twice and then through more fields back to the train station. It was a big group so we were pretty slow and in total we were out for around 4 and a half hours. The group were lovely and, surprise surprise, I found myself wondering why I’d put it off for so long. There was even a little excitement when, queuing up to get over one of the styles, we realised that we were not alone in the field and that four highland cattle were heading in our direction… 3 of which had horns, albeit small ones. Needless to say we got over the style pretty quickly, although by the time they made it over to us there were still around 10 people left in the field! Luckily they didn’t charge (despite one of the team having a red coat!!) and we all made it across safely. We couldn’t help but laugh afterwards, but it was a little scary at the time!! There was also LOTS of mud. I was assured by one of the group that in the 3 years she’d been walking she’d never encountered that much mud in a single walk before! Talk about a baptism of fire!
Ryugin
Happy Monday!! I hope all you mom's out there had a wonderful day yesterday. Mine was very low key...a homeade breakfast, an afternoon bike ride and lots of reading and relaxing inbetween. And now...Monday again! I think Mother's Day should be a 3-day weekend.
I just put some flowers and make a lace from martha steward punch
for I do not know where
Another whimsical idea is to stamp the card and then, without re-inking, stamp the envelope. This will give the envelope a softer imprint of the design from the card.
Farylrobin pumps (!!!), Buffalo Exchange, $38
For someone who finished his study, I made this "graduation"-card. This Dustin Pike -image is just the perfect one for it I thought! It had to be a masculine card, so I used dark colors and a rough textured background.
It was also reported by ABC than the protestors feared they would be forcibly removed from their space, ending their efforts to raise awareness. They were relieved to find out that they would be given more time to make their political statement.
When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading.
34. Kind of excited....well....I don't know if that's the word I want to use, but anyways..we are getting family portraits done by Brandi for the 1st time since Haley's been gone. That part makes me sad, but she has some fantastic way to incoorporate Hay Hay into these. That's the part I am excited about!
Flavorwise, I found this ice cream to be very rich and creamy and the carton was polished off long before this post was finished. I loved the swirls of vanilla ice cream in the chocolate, but more than Red Velvet Cake, this ice cream actually reminded me of Hoodsie Cups I loved so much as a kid. Who am I kidding? I still love them! Haha! Anyway, this ice cream takes me back to elementary school when on a hot day we'd be surprised with the personal cups of creamy goodness and our own little wooden paddle spoon!
More than 4,917 patients have undergone our safe and effective dental sedation procedures. Find out why here.
Home buyers should follow the lead of their lender. The lender reviews all of the documents the borrower is required to give to provide and then will give the borrower loan program options. Some borrowers will have only one option.
American-born Mrs Harrington, singer with punk band Sado-Nation, worked as an assistant to Mr Brons, the MEP for Yorkshire and the Humber.
“It should become the truly great — in size — soul and capable of merging with the Creator. Furthermore — it is necessary to learn to live in such mergence. And even more — then mastering the ability to come from the Abode of the Creator — to the Creation — to help all embodied beings. It crowns the complete Self-Realization.
Release Date : 25 November 2010
Both the ink with the berries, as the ink with the leaves, act the same way when they’re washed with water after they’ve dried. That’s how I did the water in this dragon island mini painting. The last one is one of a couple of days ago; done with the berry ink.
I want you to look at criminal law and most regulations. 90% of them don’t even mention corporations. They mention people. The only reason that corporations have to follow those regulations are because, legally, they are people. After all if they’re not people they’re things…and things don’t have legal responsibility. You don’t charge the knife with murder, you charge the person who held it. Or if I were to give a chimp a gun and it shot someone, it’s not the chimp’s fault, it’s mine. Only people have legal obligations to obey the law.
I have been wanting to try a different Chicken Teriyaki recipe since the 1st one I tried did not turn out so well. This recipe was excellent and got the thumbs up from the whole family. I also liked that I was able to prepare it in the crock pot.
Besides all that, the provincial government of Alberta held its elections and stunned a lot of us when the incumbent party was returned to power spanking all its rivals. I thought things were supposed to change in a week?
Preheat oven to 200C/400F. Line a normal-sized loaf tin with baking paper, and grease or butter exposed sides (the short ends).
For the jellyfish picks I just attached cardstock stickers to toothpicks. Ryan wanted to know if he could eat them. Aaagh! Glad he asked! I'm not THAT good. But apparently he thought crystalized sugar could produce such a result, which is quite smart of him. I wonder if the stickers are non-toxic, LOL.
A: It is going to come down to the economy. If the growth rate increases to 4% in the 2nd or 3rd quarters of this year, then President Obama will win easily.
I should be able to knock this one out of the park, since I love being out in the sun and taking photos. I think that the one of my photos that best represents this week’s challenge will surprise you though, but first, a few others that fit.
AND FORGET NOT ALL HIS BENEFITS -
SHOW the staff the photos from the above link! If they still won't let you take a picture, give your pint, and take your picture outside the establishment and take a picture of your "Be nice to me, I donated" sticker, or a picture of your paperwork you fill out, or your bandaged arm. Photos will be considered at my discretion, and I do prefer the photo of you in the chair, but if they're being sticklers about it, do what you can!
Holy shit, despots of the world beware; 2011 still has teeth. Osama Bin Laden, Moammar Gadhafi, and now Kim Jong Il... Is it mere coincidence that D*CKED is now on sale for the holidays? Pick it up before another one bites the dust... and rises again, and brings about Armageddon for reals. Suck It, my story from that collection is very... unlike anything I've ever published, reckless and irresponsible speculation leavened with cheap shots at stars of the world stage aside. It features an exclusive blood club formed by the former VP, KJI and Vladimir Putin. Vampiric themes abound in D*CKED, but for more Vlad-the-I'm-Paler fun check out VLAD, Liam Cassidy's official Putin fanzine.
Various reports cite heart failure, although autopsy results are not yet available.
For four and a half years I have been battling the sleep monster. And I am tired.
There is also widespread criticism about standardised testing being biased towards one sex or the other.
That leads to what I enjoyed most about this book. I thought I knew Tommy Monson, as he was known in his youth, and on the surface I did. Now, having read this biography, I have come to a new and deeper appreciation for the unheralded level of personal service he has given. I had heard about it. I had no idea of the depth and significance of his quiet service to others. Without emphasis, Swinton has interlaced these stories into the record of his church service, just as Monson has made them an integral and geniune, but quiet, part of his life.
Photo was taken from my pool.
Time with friends (includes calls/emails/letters)
And of course my boy wanted to try.....I guess when we talk about pioneers he'll have whole different appreciation for what they went through.
Proficient in English and Indonesia
At this point, I had also put together the shelf for the mail to sit on, but I don't have pictures of the process. I measured the length I wanted, and then cut a 2x4 and a 1x2 at that height. I took my nail gun and attached them (along with wood glue), then spray painted it the blue plus a brown on the outside and a white plus the blue on the inside.
crawling all over
When he and I drifted apart, it gave me a long while to prioritize my thoughts. I realized that this man and my story was not over, it had just begun. We began something stronger than what we had before... a deep friendship. Sure, he dropped my heart and left it behind, but I trusted that someone would come and return it to me.. or even better yet hold onto it themselves. Little did I know, someone was following me with my heart in hand, I just hadn't looked back to see that this man was doing so.
We're really grateful to Annabelle for her efforts and for her very helpful post. If you want to sign up and get selling - or buying - head over to Green Metropolis now!
dk blue foil bubles
60 - 6.51 - Richard Thompson, LSU - '08
You cannot win the lost to Christ be identifying with his sin. Rather, you bear testimony of Jesus Christ; the only One Who can give liberty from the wages of sin. Remember that Jesus Christ did not become a sinner so that He might bring salvation to them. Had He been a sinner He could not save us from our sin. 2 Corinthians 5:21 bears this out.
I will probably eventually add dividers as I get more pages created. I am hoping that this size works well for me, I don't think that it is too large that I don't want to carry it, nor do I feel that it is so small that I can misplace it.
my new life.
After all is said and done, sad for myself or not, I get the greatest pleasure of my life watching my children play, grow and discover. And it's only just started. So indulge me the photos. I can't help myself (and yes, I made the cake myself, never mind the finger tracks of wee ones).
There were also cases where contracts were awarded to government employees who “had not scored the highest points during the evaluation process, without providing reasonable and justifiable grounds for doing so”.
Sunday - Bar-b-que Chicken, crockpot sweet potatoes, peas, salad, and cornbread
minds were darkened." Romans 1:21
And speaking of nom noms, the NYT-Local reports that "Pierre Thiam, owner of the Brooklyn restaurants Yolele and Le Grand Dakar, competed against Bobby Flay in Battle: Papaya on Iron Chef America, which aired Sunday." Bobby Flay is basically the most handsome and awesome chef ever, and he should receive a Golden Globe or something for his work on Throwdown. Congrats, Pierre.
As a brief digression, I should explain that in Scots law a “Commission” is a procedure used to recover evidence and documents. People who have had possession of the sought after documents are called to give evidence at the “Commission” to allow the Commissioner to see about tracking down such information, or working out where it has gone. Mr Bird had given evidence to the commission dealing with this case, where he had stated that the NotW had not employed any private investigators in relation to this case. Mr Sheridan made reference to that response, calling it a “lie” in light of Mr Bird’s subsequent evidence. Mr Bird replied that the NotW had employed a private investigator to try and find Duncan Rowan, but as the investigator had not found him he had forgotten about it. Mr Bird admitted he had “got that wrong” and when he had checked he had found that “one instance.”
but even I am starting to feel used up, to wonder who is sapping
The thing is though, at its core this novel is about love, in particular about one of the most powerful manifestations of love, self-sacrifice. There are numerous loves described in this book: the love of a father for his sons, of a man for his wife, of brother for brother, the love of one’s heritage, unrequited love and, of course, the love of a good story. When instructing his son who is about to take over his father’s job as a professional storyteller, Hassan’s father outlines four rules:
one of the biggest purchases we've made as a couple yet was this bed. we needed a spot for our guests to stay. and I love the way that the bedding works in the room. I'm thinking of what to do for the headboard, but that can wait a while... if you have any ideas please shoot them my way ;)
The big problem with something like the flower show is that it's all on a grand scale, but you can't get that sort of perspective on it when the hall is full of people. It's like trying to learn about an elephant by looking through a pinhole, closeup.
"Karen, you HAVE to give me those earrings!" I begged.
Earlier this month, however, the Justice Department sent a letter to the governor of Washington, warning that state employees may be prosecuted if they are in any way involved in the licensing of production or distribution of marijuana.
This was the a Doctor settling into his life in exile. Similar to Matt Smith it was interesting to see the old man in a young mans body.
NOTE: All times are unofficial
Pick up my ticket.
One of the main causes of misunderstandings, tension, bitterness, unhappiness and relationship failure is our inability to communicate effectively. We have been programmed to criticize, blame and intimidate rather than express our real needs and / or feelings of insecurity, fear, inadequacy, rejection etc. We have learned to cover our weaknesses and put up a strong face. There are alternative ways to communicate in which we neither suppress our needs and values, nor do we hurt or demean the other. We will discuss these methods later.
When a woman marries a man, she’s trusting that for the rest of her life he won’t hit her, cheat on her, rape her, or kill her; that he’ll work hard, pay the bills, love their children, finish the race well, and walk with Jesus til the end; that if she gets sick, he’ll look after her; that if she is dying., he will be faithful to her.
09. No Parking on the Dance Floor - The Bar-Kays / 4:29
Chaitezvi told his people to do their work of ploughing and making hoes and axes and to sell them in other countries. Chaitezvi’s home was built on a place called Rukuti of Chizhanje.
The sandwich thins made another appearance. I wanted to put eggs on them but remembered Joseph wanted me to boil some eggs for his after school snack. I'll add them to my snack as well and cook a few extra.
(Now you're wondering ... wondering which photos on my site were taken in the bathroom, aren't you? hee, hee)
I am in the Father, and the Father in me. Jn 14:10
This week at one of my internships, I had to search for press contact information. Before that, I had to look up contact info for local businesses. The first task is an entirely different level above the second. See, businesses actually want you to find them. Reporters and editors for major news outlets? Not so much.
I'm still drowning.
Got the call for the audition and almost didn’t go because it was Spring Break for my children. Of course my daughter was like, “Let me get this straight…you have an audition for ‘The Hunger Games’, THE biggest book on the planet (right now) and you don’t want to interrupt our Spring Break???? I WILL DRIVE TO THE AGENCY myself!”
WWE Diva’s Title match was good, both women looked good in this match, and we had the upset ending to it, but the way they treated Beth at the end of the match, does this mean she has no more title shots?
BY MARVIN BELL
I got a fifty in my pocket with your name on, if you want it put your foot down and throw this thing into drive".
And, just for today, if you use this coupon code:
This is a fully grant funded position ending in June, 2014
Okay, so commitment is more akin to duty whereas enthusiasm is ones attitude towards that duty. When my dad died I faithfully went over and mowed my mother’s garden lawn even though I hate all aspects of gardening. And I did the job to the best of my ability but I can’t pretend I had any enthusiasm for the job.
On the Southside
I left it sentiment free as my niece/god daughter celebrates her fourth birthday on Easter Sunday and I am thinking I will add her name or age to the card above and make it an Easter birthday card!
This situation was posed by Elbert Hubbard in a pamphlet he wrote titled, “A Letter to Garcia” in reaction to an observation his young son had made at the dinner table regarding the outcome of the Spanish American War. His son had remarked that the success the United States had experienced could all be boiled down to one man…..Andrew S. Rowan.
Have any of y'all noticed a similar problem, here or on your own blogs.
So while Patti held Skully I opened his mouth and could see the piece of jerky lodged in his throat.
bride’s hometown of Owerri in
You may notice a new page here. I finally learned how to add a page to my blog. So, this new page, called Beth's Reader's Corner, will highlight some short fiction (the first one, a flash fiction about quilting), maybe an excerpt from Standing Stones. Yes, I'm still in the research phase on Australia, such a rich history. But each book I read, each picture I find, will take me there one day.
Put the cell phone away and ignore it, why not even turn it off. People will survive a few hours without your funny complaining text messages. My point is we need to realize the technology we’ve become obsessed with is ruining our relationships. Everything is so superficial now.
So are Never Let Me Go and Samaritan examples of good cover design? Or simply effective cover design? And isn't effective cover design the same as good cover design anyway? Let's ponder those posers while we regard our third and final book:
Rage face? Not so much. Chris Brown seemed to be having a blast on Miami Beach today
Seen on television, Mr. Paul appeared to have a second, thinner brow under the one headed south, creating a delicate X over his right eye.
It’s time to start living your story.
These performances are expressed with care and devotion by O’Connor’s direction, who drip feeds us their stories so that we are forced to rely on their interactions and nuanced expressions to understand them. The film places rewarding emphasis on the evolving relationships of its characters instead of the mindless escalation of fight scenes that typically structure lesser efforts. Yes, the fighting is a big part of this movie, but with considerable background and buildup, we are furnished with more than sufficient context to make the fights mean more than just dollars in the bank. There is no bad guy here, no nemesis to vanquish or damsel to liberate.
he's fine now.
The armor save seems a bit strange. But already the game design has included the different infantry armor to its ethos, so I might as well use it. If you see clearly, the chances of making a save are very low considering most troops right now are Inf2. But still, they do add a tiny bit more survivability to the whole game. Why is this necessary though? Well, I believe that the board game is quick and deadly, and I love it. But when setting up a tabletop game, we usually go a bit larger. The play area is bigger, there is more scenery, if only because the movement and shooting distances are a bit larger. However, I still enjoy playing with few units, and this gives me a slightly longer game, and also another bit of unpredictability. I am developing a simple system for the walkers, not in the form of saves but in the different ways that they can be affected beyond the simple “alive” and “dead” states.
Another use that I've found for beautiful silk scarves is to employ them as covers for my sewing machines between uses. Right now I'm using two floral ones. I may switch them out next fall.
#14 Mona
Do you remember Jefferson Market the way it used to be when Jean Henry owned it? If you do, consider yourself lucky. Sadly, it changed ownership before my arrival to Ann Arbor. My friends talk fondly of this popular bakery shop in its heyday. It was a favorite neighborhood hangout: a good location to run into friends, catch up on weekend gossip, and eat amazing pastries while lounging in the adjacent garden.
farmers markets
You can contact me whenever you like. My fingers are crossed it will be soon!”
trick god's and kick the careless reversals
The lovely smell from this vase of flowers spurred me on to get the garden ship shape before the Summer had simply passed me by so the hanging baskets and all the flowering pots got a good re-vamp and before I knew it my Trusty Helper was by my side and we were in the middle of a major garden overhaul!
I have two weeks. You’ll shoot me at the end no matter what I do.
Hinges Are Important in Woodworking Projects
Check out the slideshow for some of my favorite pictures from the day. If you want to see more of my photos, you can go here. If you have any suggestions on how I can continue to improve my photo-snapping skills, please let me know in the comments–I would love to hear your thoughts. Thanks!
So, I haven't been writing here much lately. Actually, it's been a month since I wrote anything at all! Part of that reason was the Summer Montreal Unschoolers Gathering (which was really wonderful. I'd write a post about it except I didn't take any pictures, and just words seems like it would be boring...). But most of the reasons I haven't been writing here lately are the same reasons I haven't been writing all that much in the last several months: writers block, not being able to find topics that really catch my fancy, trying to focus on things not related to computers... And largely, not feeling able to talk about what I'm feeling on this blog.
competitive inside working being interested all the open features tend to act face to face and sometimes result to sabotaging operates with their colleagues in order to gain not just help but also the detection and excellence over the working habitat. Frequently even childrens can learn this sort of behavior via outlet portrayals and connects both in their current lives like bullying childrens inside of the institution all over for example.
So way back in 2010 I really wanted to make my own calendar - time got the better of me (as well as the fact that I didn't have a square punch and the idea of cutting out 365 squares was a bit mind boggling), and I ended up just printing a month at a time off the computer. So in 2011, I decided definitely I was going to give my calendar idea a go, and got a start on it in early December. Unfortunately, life got hectic (understatement here) and I didn't get too much past these pages. The cover, and January's pages, and a smidge of February's.
all start to wind around his foot.
They quickly became a cherished part of our congregation. One of them helped with our decor and planned fun activities; the other joined our church council. Their love for each other was obvious to all around: true and timeless. When they got married, members of our congregation filled the pews to support them and cry tears of joy as they exchanged vows.
Ok, That’s a fact, kind of. But is this good? There are still troops in Iraq but they are not technically fighting but training and providing some guidance. Meantime Iraq is decaying into a civil war as the situation deteriorates. Iran’s influence is immense and growing so though Obama’s early withdrawal we could well end up with a worse enemy than we had. I know Obama would like to take credit for Osama Bin Laden being killed but those wheels were put in motion with President Bush so Obama inherited that blessing. Al Qaeda’s top lieutenants defeated? Taliban momentum broken? Bull. Sure we have killed many Al Qaeda leaders but there are plenty to step into their shoes. As far as the Taliban goes, many of you may not be aware that Obama has opened channels of negotiation with the Taliban and part of that negotiation involves releasing many of the prisoners we have at Guantamino Bay, along with other compromises. Troops coming home from Afghanistan? Sure, whenever it is politically expedient our president can order some home for a big false show to impress us.
This is the center part which is all rings. They instruct you to go back and forth with "turn" and they do say to when to use short picots and when to use long ones but give no measurement so I was guesstimating. As you can see in the next segment, I think I could tighten it up a bit, slightly smaller picots, and it will look better.
Critical thinking is good and great, especially if there is a ton of conflicting opinions around you, so if you’re an MRA, you shouldn’t blindly follow what your group says. However, too much critical thinking might actually be counterproductive to your MRA activism.
Christmas Broken Glass Jello
the most hideous guest bathroom ever
The mountain of Machu Picchu had been known about long before Hiram Bingham’s discovery but, apart from a few local farmers and local historians, no one was truly aware of what secrets were waiting to be found upon its high peak until the late 19th century. After the abandonment of the city in the late 15th century upon the death of the Inca emperor Pachacuti (whose estate Machu Picchu belonged to) the site, of high agricultural interest, was using only for farming and was inhabited only by those who farmed on the surrounding land. The estate of which Machu Picchu was part still had to be a tribute to the Spanish via the town of Ollantaytambo despite being the city now being abandoned and therefore still employed an official (known as a “curaca”) to carry out the necessary administrative tasks. In 1568 the last known curaca of the city was Juan Macora who, due to his forename of “Juan”, must have been baptised as a Christian and possibly subject to some Spanish influence. So it can be assumed that the Spanish were at least aware of the existence of the Machu Picchu district without being aware of it’s historic and cultural significance. As long as they continued to receive the correct tribute they would have had no need to actually visit the district. Numerous documents of the time refer to the site by various different names “Piocho”, “Picho”, “Piccho”, “Picchu” but that may just be due to confusion over the exact spelling by officials unfamiliar with the Quechua language. In May 1565 the Spanish corregidor Diego Rodriguez de Figueroa, was sent to liaise with the rebel Inca leader Titu Casi at the bridge of Chuquichaca. In the account of his journey there he mentioned that the Inca road which crossed the Vilcabamba river led to the settlements of “Sapamarca, Tambo and Picho”. “Tambo” refers to Ollantaytambo whereas “Picho” is though to refer to Machu Picchu.
This is a great source of inspiration and helps to showcase many different styles on your demo boards at our own events.
There passing through (a step or so -
p.s. This was by far one of the most frustrating posts to post ever!! for some reason the pictures did not want to load in the order I wanted to put them, the normally reliable copy-paste method didn't want to work the way I wanted it to. So frustrating!!
Here’s how this dinner scenario went once I matured and learned that getting into "World War III" with my husband is more miserable than eating dinner alone:
Underneath the machine, there's a woman... And every now and then, if you looked real close, you could catch a glimpse of her frailty... And what a relief, I say... To know, that that even though one strives for perfection, underneath it all, humanity will always prevail...
Chesterbelloc's Influence
What do your friendships taste like? Let’s compare recipes!
My point is, it has to be a personal decision. Here's how it works for me (this is based on how I feel, not on any facts I found online about what age range my dating pool should be):
These protests involving those who were against the brown dog statue and those striving to protect him went down in history as riots. Yes, riots in order to protect the statute of a brown dog.
But then we realized......wait.....the kids are playing happily in their part of the gym.....why don't we play too? So we've been climbing. And we LOVE it. It's something active, which is kind of our thing, and it's time alone, together, helping each other up this big color-coded wall.
However, it has not been forgotten in our annals of I WANT THAT NAUGHTY IN MY MOUTH (whoa), and so, as I stood in front of my stove with a whole butternut squash, a whole smoked and crockpotted chicken and a giant leek, it became the answer to the What The Fuck Am I Going To Make From This Shit? question.
Dear Passport,
I was out of Advil, and as I was packing my week-day belongings and getting ready to venture on to Casa de Pam Orphanage, I started to think about the long-term health of my knees. I had been taking Advil on Dr. Ice Cream Bob’s recommendation, in an attempt to keep the inflammation down and allow healing. But I never really felt any inflammation, just pain. I went to Whole Foods and looked around in the homeopathic medicine aisles and contemplated all the combinations of glucosamine and other joint health remedies. With the help of a Whole Foods sales associate, I selected a homeopathic Arnica Montana 30c for maintenance of the pain, inflammation, muscle soreness, stiffness & bruising (bruising, I do not have) and glucosamine chondroitin & MSM complex for long-term joint health.
This was just one small sign of MANY that God was going to move us in life.
The first picture is a view looking into the second room. The second view is looking out from the inside room.
This ''Raging Bitch'' is a keeper!!
“Ok, let’s go!”
"I wish for World Peace!" says Leo Alberstein of Ontario, Canada
1 egg ( lightly beaten )
I will provide more details and links to other blog sites as they become available . . .
Reflect that all your evils come from preferring a sensual life before a spiritual one; which the beard and wine may represent to you as sustaining the corporal life. Be confounded, and beg grace to do otherways for the future.
THE GRAVEYARD QUEEN series: Not only are the covers unusual and engaging – these books are thrilling and compelling reads from an extremely talented writer – Amanda Stevens. If you like ghost stories, anything paranormal, or just a damn good read that you seriously can’t put down – then pick these books up. They will keep you up through the night reading, and you won’t regret the experience.
BYOP&P- bring your own Pillows and Pills
Hello KCModernists! Time definitely flies. We haven't posted for some time but we hope to get back in the groove with more regular postings that I hope you will find fun and interesting. Ever since the Country Club Plaza preservation challege this past year, it's be difficult to find time to Git-R-Done. We had a good year this year though alittle more quiet due to no house tour. Our plans for the next few months going into 2012 are exciting. We have numerous events lining up nicely, in addition to house tours, Martini Moderns, etc. So keep an eye out for notices and/or invitations to some happenings.
An American commentator said it in one line: "The television is the open end of a sewer which deposits its contents in your living-room."
I now suspect there is something fierce in you, eligible to burst
Understanding the force that runs through sexuality helps us eventually learn to touch the sacred everywhere. Historically, the enlightened ones do not engage sexually to meet the divine, but seem to go into bliss just at the sight of a flower, or from the simple touch of Kleenex. The divine is everywhere and the opportunity to find lasting, expansive bliss is also everywhere.
Chief Minister Musa Aman at the time also praised the forestry department officers for decisive action to protect the state’s forest reserves and refused to address accusations that the state government and the authorities were merely posturing having granted large tracts of forested land to timber companies.
Olivia: Don’t blink. Using footwork that is hard to believe from one so young, she’ll blow right past and bang it home.
He glanced up from the pot, and followed her pointing finger. “Oh, that. My overnight bag,” he said nonchalantly. “Didn’t I tell you I’m staying here for those four days? No? Well, I am.” He turned, unconcerned, and continued stirring, dipped two fingers inside the array of bottles of spices in front of him, pinched small amounts and sprinkled dashes into the pot. He repeated the action a few more times before he grunted in satisfaction.
Aldhiaffah Al-Iraqi Restaurant
wringing our hands,
It's another book about friendship, family and sweet treats. And I am really proud of how it turned out.
RJ Rock Me Like A Hurricane
a PhD, a nice apartment, travel around the world, with a sensationally hot man who knows me through and through. A man I hope I can recognize amid all my personal bullshit I am working on right now.
When my husband died, I had many a conversation with friends and family members about the grieving process. The term “grieving process” was one most people seemed to understand, and I thought I had at least a sense of it, myself. I’d had a fair amount of time to get used to the idea that Howard was dying as he made his pilgrimage through cancer treatment. I expected to be heartbroken but also a bit relieved when he died and I expected to be my old self, whatever that was, fairly quickly after his death.
Me: No, you're not. Go put on those cute shorts we picked out.
“What nonsense are you pulling now?”
Yes, the entire card was made from stash already squirrelled away in my craft room! I'm ashamed to say the Graphic45 is treated like gold, the royalty of papers ... sad, isn't it? However, I did use up some snippets which merits a visit to Di's playground at: Pixie's Crafty Snippets Challenge - 19 for the second time this week.
Fitness trainer Tony Horton, creator of “P90X Extreme Training System,” will serve as Race Marshal and will lead an open, pre-race warm-up for 5K participants on race day. Horton speaks widely on fitness, exercise, and nutrition and has trained professional athletes, U.S. military personnel, members of Congress and celebrities such as Bruce Springsteen, Usher, Tom Petty, Billy Idol, Annie Lennox, Rob Lowe, Sean Connery and Shirley MacLaine.
You anti-Whites aren’t going to Africa and saying “Mixed race people are better, so we’re going to flood your countries with millions of non-Africans and force blend you out of existence”.
And all of it can be further looked at as positive or negative. Let’s say you have a negative irrational angry character. Then you have the Hulk. On the other hand, if you have a negative rational anger character, then you have Magneto.
Last year, four people - two children and two adults - died after they were electrocuted at the Kennedy Road settlement, but electricity thieves are widely at work, from Isipingo to Hammarsdale.
*** I guess that, considering how not only the fanzine that I used to crank out but perhaps this very blog is named after an infamous MC5 song which according to Chuck Eddy "doesn't exist," I should respectfully note the recent passing of that group's bass guitarist Michael Davis due to liver failure last week at the not-so-ripe old age of 68. Funny enough, if I had told some old fogy back in the late sixties that a member of a radical longhair rock 'n roll act like the Five would live well into his sixties I'd be more'n positive that this member of the silent majority would scoff at the idea, undoubtedly thinkin' that all of that partaking in drugs 'n an immoral lifestyle would most certainly off the guy before he could hit twenny-five! Funnily enough, many of those old fogies who used to sneer at the hippoids back then are still around and perhaps in some weird way think that Davis got just what was comin' to him even if it was over forty years later!!! Just goes to show you that some things just don't change, and you should be glad about it unless you're a dyed-inna-wood heartbleeder or lack the kinda sense of old-timey values that I most certainly adhere to!
Peace.
We had plans to meet a friend of Eli's, who lives above the prayer room, for dinner and left early enough to give us plenty of time. We anticipated it would be a good little walk from where we were staying, but we didn't anticipate getting lost and ending up in right in the middle of the Red Light district. My eyes have never become as accustomed with the ground as they did today. It's interesting, no matter what you hear, nothing can prepare you for what you see. I find it hard to know how to respond to an experience like today. It seemed strangely easy to disconnect myself.
I never got around to blogging about it, but last fall I built a cute little cold frame. My intention was to try and have spinach growing and harvestable during the winter/early spring. I bought wood for 2 frames, made one (2.5'x2'), and put it into operation. I got the glass from old windows that I asked for on freecycle. (They turned out to be windows that were removed after the 2001 tornado damaged this person's house; they wanted all the windows in the house to match.) I bought the last spinach plants at my local nursery and what I thought was kale. It turned out to be broccoli :-) I stuck them in my cold frame which sat on top of my sheet mulched bed around the young blueberry bushes. They loved it. The broccoli pushed against the glass top until I encouraged it to do something else. The spinach (just 3 plants) was so small until a few weeks ago that I did not want to harvest it for fear of killing it.
4 Black is beautiful
I can't really explain in words how fabulous the conference was, but Ronnie has done just that in a list of nouns from A to Z. I highly suggest you take a look and then make plans to be there next year.
Personally, I found those controversial scenes very disturbing but no more than violent or sexually degrading content in many other series and films.
Today was cooler, with slight precipitation and overcast, which made for another popular day at the Green Cottage. I made a stop by the PM River Lodge Fly Shop before making my way down to the river. I had a nice visit with Steve and Casey. It was nice that both of them remembered me from last weekend and that they seemed glad to see me back at it. I picked up what I needed there and as I was leaving Steve was even so good to show me a great little spot near the headwaters. It doesn’t open up until May, but he said it is less trafficked, not as deep/fast and good for trout-sounds like a plan to me.
I love how this tangle can be playful and strong all at once. Its chunky parts are lots of fun to shade and play with, which is why one of my tiles is a lot more complex than the other. I couldn't stop having so much fun.
For the rolls, I made this amazing Maple Thai sauce. You have to try this! no Jokes. I wanted to eat it with a spoon.
Maybe if I'm lucky, it will be something my children deem as "cool".
Whew! If you're not excited to read CASSAFIRE now, I don't know what else we need to do. I do want to echo that last statement by the Library Journal. My 13-year-old son enjoyed CassaFire and CassaStar, so it's definitely for readers of all ages!
This is Sandow’s “so long from FCW match” and in the fashion that FCW does, and not the other shows, Sandow loses to Jason Jordan. This is the best I’ve seen Jordan look in a match, to be honest, and this made me look forward to seeing more from him. It also shows off Sandow’s wrestling skills which still are to be seen on Smackdown, even though he’s already being called a Smackdown superstar. I’d be fine with that if he even lost a wrestling match. You aren’t officially on Smackdown or Raw or any other show to me until you wrestle.
"Fascism now and always believes in holiness and in heroism; that is to say in actions influenced by no economic motive"
So tomorrow, before I go to work, I will go and vote, who for I still do not know, and to be honest it’s almost going to be close my eyes and stab! It won’t be; I am sure that between now and then something will help sway my decision one way or the other!
Tonight I'm going to wake up and try to get back in the groove of cleaning and straightening out so I can maybe sit and make a collage with my mom sometime soon. I make collages. My mother is in an Altered Art Group that meets and they gossip and make such beautiful creations. They were nice enough to invite me to a few meetings and one of my mini boxes I have there is all stuff to make something.
In this blog, I will share my competition prep…not the reps and sets, or the detailed daily diet, but the general direction of how I got started, and the planning I do to get ready for the stage each year. A lot of this information is from an article I wrote for Fitness Star Magazine a couple of years ago, called “Confessions of a First Time Fitness Model” (click the link and see page 27 for the original article). I really enjoyed writing this article because it required me to recall a lot of the things I went through the first time I prepared for a fitness competition.
Brodsky, who spent most of the hearing questioning ESDC staffers about other issues, such as the sale of state office space and its record in minority contracting, was asked how he’d grade the authority’s record in transparency and accountability.
I feel ashamed. Embarassed. Like I'm the slow kid in a nonexistant class, the one that people are looking at with a mix of dissaproval and confusion. She's smart enough, why isn't she doing something with it?
Since 2005, the number of registered private security companies in South Africa has soared by 61 per cent. And the number of companies specializing in “armed response” has jumped by 264 per cent, according to a new report by the South African Institute of Race Relations.
Today, as I was racing out the door, two half-dressed children shouting in my ears, one piano lesson to get to, I received an email. A response to something I'd sent out, intended to be passed on to someone else. With one eye on the job and one ear on the kids, I forwarded said email - with a smart-arse remark added.
I’ve challenged myself to finish more first drafts by hand.
Though truth to say, I'm rather needy
Stir together the milk, sugar, tapioca,vanilla and eggs in slow cooker. Cover and cook on medium (Or high depending on cooker) 2 1/2 to 3 hours or on low 5 to 6 hours stirring occasionally. Keep checking as each slow cooker cooks differently.
£1750
You will notice that they do not say the same thing.
And I climbed off the ledge my damn self. Which is healthy in multiple ways for me to learn to do.
I also like to hang things from cabinet knobs so that I can see them. My dear hubby has tried to persuade me that these things would be better in a jewelry box, but I'm still not convinced. lol The beautiful Hardanger Heart is a cherished gift that I received from our friend Mary a few months ago. We call her "Momma Mary" because she truly has the love, humor, and wisdom that everyone would want in their momma. I have her beautiful heart hanging on my medicine chest cabinet/mirror so that I am reminded of the message she wrote on the heart that was tucked inside the Hardanger Heart. This begins my day with love.
The main question from the media and indeed surrounding any analysis of occupy revealed in the tone of discourse on the subject, is whether it is a legitimate grievance…six months of stay since September would show indicate that it is surely a genuine one. Dyed in the wool capitalists dismissed the protestors as spoiled hippies who were wasting their time, an understandable ploy (‘patting on the head’ as I like to call it) to condescend the youthful spirit of the movement. Wikipedia at least tells me that ‘In 2007 the richest 1% of the American population owned 34.6% of the country’s total wealth, and the next 19% owned 50.5%’[1]. It finally felt that the Country, as well as many others, was finally awaking to the reality of greed and may want to pursue policies of universal healthcare, or fair taxes for the rich, for example. The biggest threat to the success and legitimacy of a movement like this was surely for it to be forgotten, to turn stale.
These amazing little sheets instantly absorb oil, minimize pores, and transforms shiny skin into gorgeous matte perfection. Woven texture eradicates shine and keeps skin matte for hours. Green Tea Extract helps re-texturize skin and masking facial imperfections. Travel pack fits neatly into your purse for on-the-go touch-ups. 50 sheets included.
This hymn was written by a Chicago lawyer, Horatio G. Spafford. You might think to write a worship song titled,'It is well with my soul', you would indeed have to be a rich, successful Chicago lawyer. But the words,"When sorrows like sea billows roll ... It is well with my soul”, were not written during the happiest period of Spafford's life. On the contrary, they came from a man who had suffered almost unimaginable personal tragedy.
because I put myself into debt bailing her stupid ass out of one bad
1 large ripe pear, washed, stemmed and cored, cut into pieces
-A threat of photocopying each page still in his backpack so that he can re-do them
A man sent in a written declaration contesting a ticket he received for parking after sunset in a certain city-owned parking lot. I believe many municipalities have rules like this for parking lots adjacent to parks, beaches, and the like. The man was aware of this restriction when he parked, but he stated that he was unaware of when sunset was to occur on the cited day, and therefore had no way of complying with the restriction. In fact, in the man’s opinion, “it was still light out” when he found the ticket on his car’s windshield. The traffic officer who wrote the ticket had specifically noted that the ticket was not issued until ten minutes after the sun had set. This decision was fairly simple.
Curried Deviled Eggs
alhamdulillah, been awarded by unimap for the previous spm result. alhamdulillah :)
Serve as a side dish or as a sandwich filling.
So I am opening this challenge up to you, my blogging friends! This is not a hard or time-consuming project, but something to establish and begin to build over the month of April.
The source for the script was not a PDF, but a txt document. A "txt" document prints out tiny unless you copy and paste it into a word document. I did. In that format it turns into 424 pages of script formatted "txt" aka "hot mess"...and I read it ... all of it. I am admittedly a member of the "procrastinating bum" class, but I don't feel anything is gained when we shortcut the process.
Mr Elbows helps Luggage Mother with her cases and they leave the train. My stop. I should be getting off here. But there is space under the table for my feet now. The armrest is free. One more stop to the end of the line.
Why do I even get stressed about these things?
And if the coaching IS being run by those individuals…what training do they have??
Trace, Lou and the DT Lovelies!
As for advice, I would say to only pursue publication as a writer-illustrator if you are confident that you are equally strong in both areas because essentially you are giving an editor two reasons to reject you.
3) "W. T. GRANT'S VOLUME V"
But just in case you think you can debug Asterisk’s buggy channel drivers and get this working as it should, here’s my original article. Unless you are a master coder, however, I strongly suggest that, at least for the time being, you do NOT follow these instructions, because you are most likely NOT going to be happy with the result!
Or are we, I don't know anymore. Is this part of the earths cycles or the result of mankind's interference with her cycles. When you look at it we do not have a great deal, in fact only a handful of years in comparison to the age of the earth, from which to draw our information to make that comparison. Science analyzes and concludes to later be found wrong in it's assumption. So how do we know. All we can try to do is the right thing, as we believe and hope the best of an out come.
Yesterday I decided to take on a small project that I've been meaning to finish for months. When we moved in, the closets in our bedroom didn't have any doors. I found them stashed in the garage and decided to revive them with paint and new hardware. There was only one little problem - two of the doors were missing a slat, which meant that even after many, many coats of white paint and some pretty new glass knobs, they looked like this:
The final product is 32 pages of full colour Belle & Boo goodness, and the hardcover edition (£10.99) comes with a removable Belle Hugs Boo print inside. It's available now from our website!
— My foot is about one inch long (about 2½ cm). I probably have the best feet in the family!
To find her there these many years
Asian Artistry w some stains $8.00
2 oz POM Wonderful Pomegranate Juice
Adorable. We let them harden, then flipped them to let them harden on the other side. Most of them ripped up the wax paper when we pulled them off, so we got some hot water and ended up dunking each one after it was hardened and scrapping of the wax, before wrapping them with cellophane and ribbons.
Hosted by Jason Bentley, a consummate tastemaker, tireless champion of new music and culture, and globally respected DJ, EDMbiz will facilitate relevant conversations focused on the most pertinent topics specific to the scene. These will include best practices, social media, technology platforms, festivals, direct-to-fan relationships, licensing, branding, sponsorships, and sustaining community, humanity and credibility during a period of massive growth.
Nothing Sacred (US…William A.Wellman)
Thou art thy mother's glass, and she in thee'
Serves two
Canon had the biggest promotion that I saw. They had five “pretties” on a balcony on their stand conducting a raffle. The booth was packed.
This one is a gift from another coworker from Bangkok, Thailand. It's a Naraya coin purse. Naraya is famous for their cloth bags and purses which are pretty and affordable. I love them. The pink bow tie at the front and the pink piping at the sides add a nice touch to it.
This remodel job started in the summer and went into the winter. My grandfather had a greenhouse that he had made that was in his backyard about 200 feet away from the house. When it came time to install the new toilet, shower and sink, the water had to be shut off to the bathroom. My father built us a porta-potty of sorts in the greenhouse for privacy. Unfortunately it was in the winter and we had a lot of snow. I remember a few mornings making the trip out to the greenhouse dreading the frostbite I was getting braced to receive. This makes you pretty tough.
what passes for the new:
Enjoy the rest of the year!
...Unless you're Fluffy, the destroyer of worlds, then you're cool.
McConnell’s plan would let the president raise the limit, while accompanying it with offsetting spending cuts, unless Congress struck down his plan with a two-thirds majority. The debt-ceiling increase could occur without the companion spending cuts, McConnell said.
Cauliflower soup has always been a favourite of ours. and I just did some tweaking and devised this recipe
Will the sealer really protect the granite? Do we really need sealer at all? What sort of things stain granite?
A visibly shaken Nancy Perez, a lieutenant in charge of the Miami-Dade police media relations unit, speaking before live TV cameraa confirmed that one of the dead was a Miami-Dade police officer.
So began a long relationship between a girl and a horse, each one trying to out-stubborn the other. We won a few ribbons, and I got the satisfaction of proving that I could, in fact, teach that horse some manners. I also learned that I should have waited to brag about my bucking bronco until I was a good enough rider to stick her for at least eight seconds. What I hope the most is that I’ll have the guts as a parent to force my kids to get back on and fight when life bucks them off in front of God and everybody else. Thanks, Mom and Dad.
Is that who you see yourself as – the President of the United States – or a candidate without an opponent?
There is usually a lag of at least 6-8 weeks built into this indicator. But given that leeway, it is a fairly good guide to inflection points. The most recent warning which every student of the market should have seen from a mile away was the large selling spike in late April which corresponded to the market top.
I love her, I love her, I love her!
“There doesn’t seem to be an end in sight,” says Becker. “The District of Lantzvile has moved the goal posts several times. Urban Farming is a global movement and is moving past being ‘allowed’ or ‘permitted’ to being supported, encouraged and protected”.
The Lord is good—Satan is bad. The Lord clarifies—Satan confuses. The Lord offers freedom—Satan enlists bondage. The Lord gives grace—Satan pours on guilt. The Lord forgives—Satan shames. The Lord creates contentment—Satan drives for more. The Lord loves people—Satan hates people. The Lord wants what’s best for you—Satan wants what’s worse for you. The Lord gives—Satan takes.
I had my presentation last Tuesday with my team. We called ourselves “bridge advisory” lol.
I've started writing another novel. I'm still in the early stages - about 6,000 words in, but so far it's going well. I've done quite a bit of planning so I know more or less what will happen in each chapter, and can get on and write them relatively quickly.
Can't believe why I waited so long to attempt this all-time favorite and classic Cantonese dish. I have never cooked this dish before, even though I have always wanted to do so. Lazy perhaps, but the main reason is it involves deep-frying and I tried to avoid deep-frying at home, where possible.
Learning by the curve sustainable delight of the laser helio-madeb
NASA has apparently warned people against touching any part of the satellite they might find lying around on the ground.
November 17
that stay with us,
- Drugs of choice
On a regular basis I write letters to the Daily Telegraph, and on very rare occasions one actually gets printed, and Saturday 18th February was one of those rare times.
las llevo a su casa.
(By the way, I love vizslas, pulis, and komondors.)
All of a sudden, a little black Acura, with smoked out (and blue tinted) headlights, taillights, turn signals, and license plate cover (and this was at twilight... so... yeah, you already know they're a douchebag); passes us at about plus 15.
Of course not. Wetbrains like the Cindy Sheehans of the world have been silent. Oddly, Cindy Sheehan has been silent on the internet for a long time. Her last tweet being at nearly 3am in December of 2009.
Now I’ve rambled on and gotten off the topic of this post which is IS THE NUMBER ON THE SCALE THE ONLY THING?? My answer? NO! I think what is more important than the number on the scale is how do you feel? Do you feel better/happier the days you work out than the days you skip? How are your energy levels on the days you eat well as compared to the days that you stopped at the golden arches or had that second piece of dessert? It’s important to have a healthy lifestyle more so than be your “perfect, dream” weight. If you live a healthy life you’re so much more likely to live to 100 than your unhealthy counterparts. And more importantly you’ll be more likely to live to see 100 independently and outside of a nursing home!
These cookies are, in our eyes, masterpieces. No, they aren’t those gorgeous things you see in bakery windows, but have the quirks that our family is known by. We decorate Christmas fish, only one of which is given three eyes and made especially for our friend, Jon. There are some traditional shapes, stars and Santas, but you are just as likely to find rocket ships amongst the Christmas trees, a T-Rex waiting to devour the red and green bunnies, and there is always a haunted church cookie -- complete with sugar black
Key Players: Kenny Boynton (16.3 ppg), Bradley Beal (14.6 ppg, 6.5 rpg), Erving Walker (12.1 ppg, 4.7 apg), Erik Murphy (10.7 ppg), Patric Young (10.3 ppg, 6.4 rpg)
He then continues to go on at length about Richard Hoste. And there is indeed plenty to be said about the spectacular stupidity of this man. I have probably never encountered anyone as unbelievably moronic as Richard Hoste. There's enough material for a whole seminar about him.
I got a pedicure today… my toes are bright red… They feel sexy, a little naughty… they have special meaning to me… not telling that one… yet.
Noah is doing great. He is such a boy, loves to throw rocks and dig in the mud, he will find the only dirt patch in a whole yard of grass and be entertained forever! He has recently learned how to climb out of our back porch. (The back porch is like a little cement rectangle and the walls are probably 3 feet high) Anyways he will get a lawn chair and then stack a stool on top of that and then climb his way right over the wall! Haha, this little man sure keeps us on our toes! He loves reading, watching movies, showing off all his sweet tricks, driving trucks, and playing outside. Finally, he is sleeping in his own bed every night. (granted most of the time by morning he ends up in our bed.. but it's a start!) Potty training came to an abrupt halt when he simply decided he didn't want to go in the potty anymore. He was doing so well and now he won't even think about it. We have tried everything! I guess when he is ready it will happen! Darn! I was hoping for it to be on my time! Let's see... I know I have said this before but he knows all the letters and most of the numbers, we are now working on colors and shapes! He loves animals and the sounds they make. His favorite food is still spaghetti and corn on the cob. He is getting more and more used to the baby talk. We have got most of our baby stuff out and ready and Noah is pretty particular about what is HIS and what is the BABY'S.. haha. Trev tried to give his one of the "baby" blankets and Noah freaked and was like "No No! Baby Baby!" So we gave him his "big boy blanket" and he was a happy camper! It was funny. We just love him so much. We can't get enough of him.
I didn’t know my Mamaws and Papaws even had names until I was almost grown. They were comforting laps to sit on, people who were on your side no matter what your parents thought you had done wrong, sources of joy and keepers of the history and heritage of the family.
On Easter Sunday, mothers give a loaf of bread to the priest for a blessing. This special bread has a round top layered with sugary frosting that makes the loaves look like the domes on Russian churches. When the bread is served at home, older members of the family are the first to be served the delicious crust.
Nazri, who said that the Bill saw resistance from both government and opposition lawmakers, added that the government had tabled the Bill in toto as it had respected the EC's independence.
Over the flaming verge which turns towards life
You might be thinking, what is PLATFORM? A Platform is a system, one that has already been established. A Platform is your launch pad into the marketing world online (and offline, but let’s stay online. it’s fun that way!)
smoke-hearse
Oh, and.... just in case you're wondering, our marriage is a still a smoldering volcano of torrid passion it's always been. See? This was taken just yesterday by my mom's new husband, Gordy.
laughed in the van while Mary Beth "tebowed" in poo.
Where has the time gone? Only 2 weeks till Christmas and 3 weeks until I go back to work! AAAHHHH!!! I am NOT prepared for that! *sob* And this fall has been so busy that my poor bloggy has been severely neglected... I still love you little bloggy! And as the blog world has been delighted with gorgeous holiday cards, I thought I'd add to your visual delight! That's if you like my card! Ha!
I love video how-to's because "we" creative people are visual learners- we learn with our eyes and our fingers. My very best teachers were the ones who actually sat down and took the time to demonstrate.
1 can Campbell's Southwest-style Pepper Jack soup
`Cause nothing compares
Human sex trafficking and forced prostitution are quite rampant. Backpage.com is “the premier Web site for human trafficking in the United States,” The New York Times reports. Currently, Idaho only has laws protecting forced prostitutes under 18 years old.
Although they offer salads and sandwiches, along with classic sweets such as cookies and muffins, they shine in the tart department. Being the height of autumn, ’tis the season for flavors such as apple and pumpkin, but other more imaginative options, like pear & almond, also reign baker Jerome Audureau’s menu. And, as evidence that everything’s better with chocolate, the chewy and dense banana & chocolate tart is a must-eat. Sized at five inches ($5.50), the tarts are perfectly portioned for self-indulgence. Unless, of course, you get two. Or three.
I who have sat by Thebes below the wall
In its defense, the Obama administration has pointed to subsection (e) of Section 1021, which reads:
Those who know will confirm that the works of Shri Vamadeva Shastri are distinguished by their authenticity. This is so because they are based on (1) his personal quest and experience, (2) deep dwelling into the texts, and (3) oral learning received from many authentic teachers who are experts in their areas of knowledge. The present work on Mantra Yoga by Shri Vamadeva Shastri is a delight to read as it leaves out no corner of multigonic truths unexplored with regard to the complex science of mantras.
(But You Didn’t See Fit) Thank You,
Paper: White, Black, Pink Pirouette, scraps of dp
Oh baby, what can I say
The Claddagh ring is from Ireland, named from one of Ireland's oldest fishing villages. These rings have been in use in Ireland for several hundred years. The two hands clutching a heart are for friendship, the crown for loyalty or fidelity, and the heart symbolizes love. Tradition states that, if you are single, you wear the ring on the right hand facing out. If spoken for, you wear it facing in. If you are engaged, you wear the ring on your left hand facing outward. At the wedding ceremony, the ring is then turned inward to signify the final devotion of the heart in marriage.
Image is everything to Spanish people, not in a conceited egotistical manner, but in a self-respecting one. In Spanish culture, your appearance says a lot about you, people value a person who looks after and respects themselves.
The orientation that He deems
More is learned about the Sensorites when the action moves to their planet below, the Sense-Sphere. It turns out they’re just as afraid of the humans as the humans are of them, and the more the story explores the Sensorites, the less alien they become, despite the fact that they’re telepathic, afraid of the dark and loud noises, and most peculiar of all, they’re unable to tell each other apart - ideas that aren’t ever taken to any kind of proper conclusions. New mysteries pop up on the Sense-Sphere, as well as some fine character development for Susan, who gets some good stuff in this piece, including an exploration of her own telepathic powers, an aspect of Gallifreyans that got minimal play on the original series, but Davies explored further with the Tenth Doctor. One of the great Susan moments of this serial is in its final episode, “A Desperate Venture,” when she speaks of her home planet, of which she says, “At night the sky is a burnt orange, and the leaves on the trees are a bright silver!” Years
From this group, the material can spread to others and as it spreads, it can take root among Introverted Sensers. This process is simple enough to understand. As the material becomes more common, so too does experience of it become more common. It becomes part of what some Internal Sensers expect and seek to have sustained in their experience (assuming, of course, the products of Introverted Intuition are successful adaptations, which they need not be).
So back to last night and those inevitable future arrests and chargings with looting and criminal damage. What would I do with all those rampaging young people? I'd make the punishment fit the crime. Make them clean up. Make them damn well apologise face to face to all those small shopkeepers and business who have had their businesses ruined and their staff's jobs put in jeopardy. Make them work hard to repair the damage. I believe strongly that actions should have consequences. But I also believe that prison for this particular sort of thing is not necessarily the answer. Throwing those kids in jail will solve nothing at all. But making them take physical responsibility for the mess they created and face up to what they did in a way that had a positive outcome for the victims would make damn sure the punishment fitted the crime, and would teach a much more valuable moral lesson than either a short stint in the pokey, a suspended sentence, a derisory fine or an ASBO. If I was Home or Justice Secretary, I'd implement it tomorrow (literally) and call it 'Positive Sentencing'. It's what I reckon any responsible parent would do. That's what I think, anyway, but I'm not a politician, and (apart from in the case of the proposed disgraceful closures of libraries, about which I feel passionately) I am not a political campaigner either. Feel free to disagree among yourselves about all this, but please try and be vaguely polite if you comment. I did warn you this wasn't a normal post, after all!
Flower measures approx: 9cm
There was, however, a myth amongst the refugee Humans that if Humanity did not reach the planet Utopia they themselves would evolve into Futurekind, making Futurekind merely mutated Humans. They permissibly died out when the Universe had ended, when Malcassairo had finally nova-ed later on that year.
Fortunately, the good outweighed the bad. Between Parks’ direction and Hiro Narita’s photography, “SOLOMON NORTHRUP’S ODYSSEY” reeked with the semi-tropical setting of central Louisiana. The Southern Georgia locations that stood in for the area surrounding the Ford and Epps plantations radiated with a natural beauty and a lush green that nearly took my breath away. Yet, the photography also conveyed how the setting served as a physical prison for the outsider from New York. I noticed that Parks was billed as the composer for the movie’s score. Quite frankly, I did not find it memorable. However, I did enjoy Parks’ use of 19th century music throughout the movie and especially in the opening scene that featured a social dance in Saratoga Springs. Most importantly, Parks did an excellent job in guiding television viewers into the world of antebellum United States and Solomon Northup’s journey from freedom in New York, to the slave marts of Washington D.C. and New Orleans, and eventually the slave plantations of Louisiana.
The surroundings were interesting in that there was an office behind the desk area with computers and desks with a sign on the back wall. It read:
Let me explain to you what goes down every time I read a Speaker 7 post. I flip open her blog in my browser. My insides start to quiver. I see her first joke three sentences down and I upchuck a giggle. It’s a quick one like Kate Moss would do after brunch. I move my eyes down the page and see her first picture. I usually see something like this:
Other book in the Theology in Community series are:
After a series that had many mediocre arcs, I wasn’t looking forward that much to most of SS+. While there were three arcs that were good, there were three arcs that couldn’t stand with the others. I didn’t care for the Ayatsuji, Rihoko, and Kaoru arcs, but the Nanasaki and Haruka arcs were fantastic. I was truly impressed at how they were able to follow up with Haruka to make a “lovely” finish to the series. I’m sure the Miya arc will be interesting, but it’s a side-story at best. If I have to give arc scores: 71, 63, 83, 67, 77,and 85 in that order.
above the population of
Why do I do that?
Apache F1 Hybrid
If you have similar problems in your city, you need to contact the restaurant managers and ask for Texas beer.
Lesson No 4: Frame Whatever Pleases You
Like overgrown Santa’s elf’s around our spiritual leader.
She was noticeably shaken, but still insisted she’d like to pay her last respects. I told her not to come, that I’d have a microphone and that if she was stunned enough to show up, I’d be more than happy and comfortable centering her out, so she’d be best to stay home. I think that did the trick and she mentioned something about she’d have her own memorial with Brenda, the other gal who’d also been one of Rob’s many affairs. I hung up the phone and told my stepdad who it had been and what she wanted and he just shook his head.
Every year, approximately 785,000 Americans suffer a first heart attack. And 470,000 who've already had one or more heart attacks have another one. The scary thing is that 25 percent of ALL heart attacks happen "silently," without clear or obvious symptoms.
Mrs. Sarojini Naidu
It was for the Independent that the now infamous plagiarist and dedicated anti-Papalist, Johann Hari, used to work. It seems that this far-from-being-independent newspaper enjoys supporting young (or not so young, as the case may be) journalists who have some kind of bizarre axe to grind against the Catholic Church - a Church that most of them don't really appear to know anything about. (What they think they know about the Papacy or the Church is mostly so wide off the mark that their pronouncements often only come across as being doubly ridiculous - and rather sad.)
I'm not sure where people learned typing and grammar (I'm not saying my punctuation and/or grammar is perfect; but at least I know the rules, even if I don't follow them), but there seems to be a misconception that two spaces are needed after a period. I'm not sure if this got started in grade school or middle school when we as students were struggling to write our five hundred word essay, but somehow the trend has continued for many into adulthood and professional life.
Congratulations to the four of you! Please e-mail me at kvandolzer(at)gmail(dot)com for instructions on how to submit your materials to Mr. Sherman. Here’s hoping all four of them turn into offers!
Here's to Troegenator and the Trogner brothers for recreating a fantastic example of a classic German beer and making it readily available in rural(ish) Pennsylvania. Prost!
Where primitive clans were settled along coastlines, the recurring rise and fall of ocean tides must also surely have had enquiring minds pondering whether the moon and sun had something to do with it. The gifted and inquisitive minds among the various primitive clans, whether situated on the coastline or inland, must surely have noticed that the sun followed the same path across the sky every day. At some stage, -- most likely while they were lying on their backs preparing for sleep, and while admiring the awesome beauty of the moon and other bright objects in the might sky, the enquiring minds of some of these men must have recalled seeing the exact same celestial objects appearing at the exact same spot they were seen the previous night. In other words, that these objects appeared to be ‘fixed’ in the heavens. The science of Astronomy was on the verge of being born as these men pondered what exactly the purpose of the sun, moon, and stars were, and how these splendid heavenly objects could be utilized for a purpose.
I settle when I choose a position of comfort rather than standing on a firm foundation of faith. Stepping out in faith is not always comfortable. Endurance takes what seems like a very long time. However, for those who choose to remain there it will be a place of restoration, support and strength as God meets you in this place. You will be victorious when you are the last one standing. You must remain alert because the enemy of your soul will do whatever he can to knock you down. Get right back up and refuse to relent! I Corinthians 10:12-13 tells us to be conscious of this and fight to remain upright in the fight. God promises to provide us with endurance to make it through and to provide a way to make it through. You just have to keep standing. I know that you are tired. More importantly, God sees your weakness and He is sustaining you while He stretches your faith to receive all that His Kingdom holds for you! Do not settle for the consequences of your circumstances but stand firm until God opens the door to show you victory and release from them.
Don't drink coffee. Don't do Starbucks.
step out, step away from the light.
1/2 C water
spirit body is indestructible ie causal, true self, past lives
So, now he will wear a badge,
They got rid of the computer lab and instead pushed technology instruction into the classroom.
Never saw a kid behave like this (Mankind giving in to Mind Control and the order of the Elite through media,sex, drugs, music and mayhem)
Yet, I adore the old-world charm of this kitchen.
Also, Tulu, spoken nowhere else, binds 2.5 million people of distinct socio-cultural traits, religious cults, artistic traditions and theatrical forms, giving them a sense of separation from the rest of South India.
You won’t never see an outlaw
Having missed taking my PGX since Friday evening I noticed on Monday evening that by that afternoon my mind was wandering to thoughts of eating/munching. Not sure if it was because I was actually hungry (didn't really feel hungry) or if it was because I hadn't had much for water that day either. Usually by mid afternoon I have had close to 5 glasses of water. I know that thirst mechanism in our body is weaker than the hunger mechanism so was I just really thirsty or was I starting to get hungry.
In all of this, it came clear to me how important the art is. I started taking lessons two years ago, and in the first year, I wasted much time. I didn't practice as much as I could have, and did not keep my class schedule steady. Took lots of breaks, skipped portions of time. I had started when I was going through a difficult period, and I did it mostly because it made me feel better. Those three-hour sessions of quiet and peace in the studio calmed and focused me like nothing else ever has. The lesssons made it possible to keep working steadily, even under terrible emotional and mental stress, and kept my life pointed forward and outward, away from myself and my unhappiness, in a way that I think nothing else could have.
Looking at these photos you may think I have some sort of birthmark but I actually have vitiligo, a common yet widely unknown skin condition which affects the pigmentation in skin and hair. When I returned from my holiday, a white mark had appeared on my forehead and stayed for a few years. Then the mark faded but I was left with white hairs on my left eye’s eyelashes and eyebrow.
Dear Monica Sone and Betty MacDonald Fan Club Fans,
Quick recapitulation:
(The Monk's Gate arrangement by Vaughan Williams, adapted from a traditional English melody.)
Hopefully this will change at the weekend, especially as its my birthday. I will let you know how I get on.
Hi everyone! I hope your Thanksgiving was as wonderful as mine, and for those who live in other parts of our world, someday you'll just have to come visit and celebrate with us! I ate too much, and have had lots of leftovers since Thursday, but that's about over now and time to move on to some non-Thanksgiving foods.
Remainders is a piece devised by myself and the Adult Drama Group at the Pegasus theatre. It is a sad tale of societies remainders, set in a library. The best books have been cherry picked and removed for… well if I tell you that I will be giving the ending away. needless to say today we have been mastering our origami skills, turning the world on it’s head and building houses.
Once again we’ve been trapped pretty much indoors over Christmas – just like last winter. It was colder this time with the cold snap starting earlier but the snow has been less problematic, though I did have a scary journey back from a concert in Chester cathedral on the Friday before Christmas. The snow has only started to melt today.
I grew up watching my mom sew clothes (she's a nurse but a pretty darn good seamstress to) but never had any interest in sewing myself- though I was the resident needle threader of the house and I did it like a champ. :) About three years ago though I was invited to a quilt show in Lebanon, Ohio and I was fascinated; I had no idea that sewing could be so cool! At that show I bought a charm pack and sewed my first project ever- a set of six coasters. You don't even want to know how long it took to sew those suckers...
Since I have been longing for spring I only saw this table in a spring green color.
We think the Heavens enjoy their spherical,
Our claim to fame is that we are the home of the World's Tallest Man, Robert Wadlow. He died at age 22 from complications of an infection in 1940. He was 8' 11.1" tall. This was the only time we actually got out of the trolley so it is also the only picture I have.
I was such a hopeless student.
I still have a little bit of a nagging worry – because I have known SO many people throughout my life from all over and have been fortunate to have made many friends throughout – that news has yet to turn up that won’t be as good. I think I’ve now accounted for most everyone I “need to know about” – if not directly, I’ve seen them Tweet or someone else mention them on Facebook or Twitter or on the phone – and have racked my brain all month long trying to figure out who hasn’t crossed my mind that should have by now.
I'm not here to cause offence, but to you I am, so please do take it the wrong way and know it’s an original broadcast and all fucking mine.
Ridenhour Documentary Film Prize — Semper Fi: Always Faithful
LEONARD COHEN:
for all is kept within eternity. Timeless infinite peace, yet
I said: "I dunno. I guess that was the last part of my dream."
Create a grief box. (metaphorically not literally) She told me to use her room, since we still have all her things in there, and a lingering smell favorable to Savanna only. Go in there, she said, set a timer.. whether it be 10 minutes, 20 minutes, 30 minutes, or an hour. Whatever you want, set the timer and go in there. That way you're in control. You now there is an end because you set the timer and you know when to stop.
Hay Group’s study also found that the Best Companies for Leadership cast a wide net for ideas and develop their people to think more broadly. All of the Top 20 companies said they provide structured opportunities for younger employees to promote innovative ideas, compared to 68 percent of other companies. Similarly, 95 percent of the Top 20 companies reported that senior leaders personally spend time actively developing others and 90 percent said their leaders effectively help front-line employees understand their company’s long-term strategy. That is compared to only 48 percent and 53 percent, respectively, of all other companies who reported the same.
Can u drive me to the mall plz?
~ Magical thinking and the equation of coincidence with causality
to go to the bathroom or the bar
I am haunted by ideas that I’ve never fully explored, roads I am yet to go down.
“As far as I’m aware, I’m nothing. I have no personality of my own whatsoever. I have no character to offer the public. I have nothing to project.
A recent British study suggests that dawn simulation, a form of light therapy in which the patient is exposed to white light of gradually increasing brightness (peaking at 250 lux after 90 min) may be even more effective in treating depression than exposure to bright light. Dawn simulation is started around 4:30 or 5 o’clock in the morning, while the patient is still asleep.
Chiz received her Masters in Art at California State University, Dominguez Hills. She subsequently taught in the Palos Verdes School District, where she became the Art Department Chair.
Later in the evening, Del was rocking the crowd, and the ex-wife and I somehow ended up on stage together, being cute dancing ladies. I spied Del way off to stage left, taking a break from the mic during a long musical interlude. Here was my chance to go over to him and make my impression. This was going to take all of my feminine wiles…
The mercy seat was at the foot of the cross. The Holy of Holies was outside the wall hanging on a tree. And the multitude missed it .Surely the Pharisees, the religious experts cannot be wrong? We have the temple, we have had it in one shape or fashion for 1000 years, we are special because we have it. Ah, but the Lord had just wept over Jerusalem. He knew that 1000 years of history can come crashing down in a moment and it did and the very center of all they held dear was torn down piece by piece.
I used colors that I felt were cheerful. Funny story...After I made the card, I attempted to open it so that I could finish the inside and write a note. Well, I had accidentally made the card upside down...LOL! I was going to try to change everything around, but I figured it would give her a little laugh so I left it. I was right...lol! I wrote at the top "Who says that cards have to open from the right side?!"
Bud, on the other hand, has been in and out of the hospital, never making it a permanent residence. But just recently he had to be in the hospital for a longer stay. He ended up at the same hospital as his wife, but because they knew it would be hard on Rose when he left, they put him in a separate room on the opposite side of the hospital.
Well ‘Highway on My Plate’ on NDTV Goodlife is the only Indian food and travel show that I like. Harsha Bhogle’s too but then he hardly eats. I know of people who are are surprised about my choice of HOMP. “There are too loud”. “The food they like doesn’t look appetising enough”. “They like everything” “It is not a food show.” “It is not all about food”
First of all, I'm happy to announce that the winner of the random number generated drawing for Living Violet is ........ Ani Louise!!! Yay!
And I just hope that no one out there was hoping for super gourmet professional type dishes because, oh friends, that is not really what we've got here.
TUCCILLO E, CORONA G, FRANCO G. Evaluation of the efficacy of an influenza vaccine campaign among health personnel for the prevention of influenza-like illness (ILI). G Ital Med Lav Ergon. 2003; 25 (Suppl. 3): 155-156.
Use a spatula to put into a large piping bag with a 1cm round plain tip.
Right now there isn’t a home, a foundation, for us. We’re excited about a local expression of faith, a local community of believers who have the same DNA as Passion. To be able to go to Stockholm and come home and have home be us is an awesome thought for us. And to be able to launch back to Tokyo and know we have a church community behind us, moving with us–I think it all can happen.
God said this to Eli the priest when He cut off his corrupt sons from the priesthood. At one time, Eli made room for wisdom, but his sons did not regard wisdom. Their promotion was shame, and as a result of Eli not correcting his sons, God cut off his lineage from holding the priestly office.
I am putting long hours into paintings Most of them get painted over with gesso and I reuse the canvas. The few paintings that I like well enough have been used as the "cartoon" or maquette for making screen prints. I found that the "finish" that I could achieve in printmaking was ultimately what I had been searching for. It felt presentable, cool, and the fact is, my prints sold well, at least until this last recession.
And the earth allows again,
my Rock!
The night ended with an impromptu cookout with my crew and my brother’s crew and another cousin and aunt showed up as well. We laughed so hard my stomach hurt and my husband said he had a headache!! I love getting sick off of happiness!
The recipes:
There are downsides. It would be good to be more reflective, but it could work the other way: my two heads could egg each other on to ever more despicable acts. Some aspects of modern life would be made more difficult: would I share a mobile phone with myself? If my other head was into "I'm on the train" kind of conversations, it could prove very annoying. As for tastes in music, or the chattery noise that comes out of walkman headphones, it doesn't bear thinking about. Garlic, snoring... I could go on.
Many of us in mid-life find ourselves seeking answers that soothe, enlighten and heal. As as we wake up with quicksand in our bones and our brains feel mushier every day, we ask ourselves: How much play-time do we have left? Has it all been worth it so far? And, what do we do now?
This adorable StampFairy digi is just perfect for paper piecing which I did here with the digital papers designed by Meghan Mullens for Sweet Shoppe Designs. I just love the daisy paper - so perky and fun! The rest of the Linda digi was brought to life with Copic markers, cut out and adherred to the circle focal panel.
Good beer, although I'll probably be giving most of the rest away. Just not a sexy style compared to the now 85 beers that I have cellared and have never tried before.
Level 29: MP Cost: 55, Duration: 290 seconds, 93% chance to not get knocked back.
We have had two very talented ladies do online kit clubs
Way to go Nancy!!!
"I don't want to go home!" she said with gusto...drawing attention to the two celebrities who, in New York fashion, were previously unnoticed and ignored.
There is a element of genius in the production of these beers. If it was easy to make beer this good everyone would be, but they aren't, so it clearly isn't.
But the yes must be larger than this: we can not help but battle the dehumanizing pessimist in our heads but we must not step their. We cannot want to see the world in the a certain way, but must see the world as it is to change it. We should not be merely identifying with social faults and shrugging our shoulders and accepting our fate. Yet that is the tenor of our media these days.
2 tbsp fresh grated ginger
So I did. It was just me, a colleague, the surgeon and his wife (an operating nurse), and a jambox with Stevie Ray Vaughan playing in the background. And I watched as this surgeon tucked this baby's mouth back into place, and made him look like a real human being.
I told Him that I was trying to be obedient and do things His way and not mine. I then screamed what else did He want from me? What was I doing wrong? I needed Him to tell me. I was so emotionally spent after that outburst that I went and laid down on my bed.
2065.E-X/20/1998. Reflections on law-abidingness. Hickory Daily Record, Hickory, North Carolina, p. A-4. (Incorporated in Item C-1998(12), above, pp. 858-59.)
“What is unnatural will not endure”
Repeat the same for regular square through Row 2. Cut yarn after Row 2 and join with a different color for Row 3.
By Mark Naumann
Andy Layne
"Threatening to abolish the Springbok before generously defending it sends out a really clear message to whites: 'please don't take your tax revenue overseas'."
Hotel Costes
It's Beginning to Look a Lot Like...Love!
Please make sure to stop by and see all of the amazing projects our designers have created to share with you. Ready to get started? Click on any of the designers' blog links below and then use the navigation buttons that you'll find in the blogs' sidebars to hop in either direction around the ring. To switch it up this week, we reversed the order of the designers. Start on the first name and hop backwards for something new!
DCWV All About Girls 8x8 Cardstock Stack
As I class I didn't talk much to the children about the events of 9/11. However, as a school we met around the flag pole for a special morning message.
are of your voice tone qualities. Don’t be monotonous, yet don’t let your voice tone vary to such extremes that you sound excited or nervous. One helpful tip is to take a deep breath before speaking.
TUESDAY, MARCH 20
This bake was perfect for that and it always helps if it tastes good, right!!?? We served it over noodles and ate almost the entire pan. Delicious!
Now, I know not everyone likes wild colors, but I'm pretty sure every polish princess (definitely the ones that I know) loves GLITTER! A hot new trend this spring has been the prismatic effect. Wet n Wild and China Glaze hopped on this trend; however, these colors went fast. I was fortunate enough to snag the reasonably priced/elusive Wet n Wild versions for Andi and myself and skipped over buying the pricier (although VERY pretty) China Glaze versions. I would highly recommend both.
The winds of adversity may blow in your life and you, too, may despair even of life itself but if you are in Christ there is assured hope from 1 John 4:4. “Greater is he that is you than he that is in the world.” I will paraphrase it this way. The Christ that is in you is greater than the devil that is in the world.
Back to a deserted home and a change of clothing. I tried to overcome the spreading of woe. I flicked numerous channels for around an hour before my guts gave out and I decided to hop into the unresisting bed where a cold chill took me.
Planet earth is an amazing world. Grassy plains, icy tundras and beautiful blue waters abundant with life are just a few of the wondrous places found on our very special planet. Ganeri has chosen twelve exciting places for young readers to explore. Travelers tips give readers insight on what preparations you will need to take and things you can do. While the fact zone gives young readers a few amazing facts about each place. Young readers will look at wonderful photography of Mount Everest,The Amazon Rain Forest, Lake Titicaca and much more. Greenland is mostly covered by a sheet of ice and in some spots the ice is 2.5 miles thick. The Nile river is the longest river in the world. The Sahara Desert has sand dunes as tall as 60-story buildings. Ganeri's twelve amazing places shares information about animals too. The back of the book has a glossary and websites so readers can learn more. Teachers and parents will love this guide for reference in regards to school projects and families learning about our beautiful planet together.
I will not say much about this incident. I worry in writing about something which I cannot imagine the outcome, although in the hearts of all people is a strong hope that this will turn out okay and young Nayati will be rescued or released unhurt.
The secret of life is in opening up your heart
Pinch of sugar (optional)
“This time will be different” is the traditional formula used to reassure nervous investors in the last years before a great economic bubble collapses. It was a constant refrain in the run-up to the Western financial crash of 2008-09, and now it is being heard daily about the Chinese property boom.
Yesterday was Paula's birthday and she did inform me that the box arrived.She loves the mermaid and already has it hanging over her desk, so she can look at it everyday! :)
“It’s not turning on.”
There are other places for subsidies to emerge. For example, the Hudson Yards Infrastructure Corporation, which finances development to be carried out by Hudson Yards Development Corporation and other public entities, has bought development rights from the MTA and will sell them to developers.
Nice a simples!
Three weeks in remand!?… I had stayed out of such troubles when it comes to drugs, but now I was going to prison again regardless! I had the urge to “say something” to the judge – as I had on 31 Oct 2005 when I was ordered to be sent to Pusat Serenti Gambang. And the intended words weren’t very nice on both occasions.
I feel so joyful, I feel so happy
“Let us Fuck.”
and had been carrying it on my other arm.
I tug my beard with respect at Harry Hutton - anyone who can generate that amount of comments every time he coughs deserves a bit of respect, although there’s a bit too much hero worshipping going on there sometimes. He's never commented here, although he did once mention me affectionately as "this filthy animal"
Molly has a history of overdoses and self-harm as chaotic and livid as the scars up her arms.
Among those arrested were gang members known on the street as Baby Gangsta, Lil Hitman and Boo Boo.
Consequently, many beers are coming off the menu, while others have been added. Some of the cuts are one-offs and special orders that sneaked onto the list, while others are items we’ve actually depleted long ago and haven’t bothered noting.
I’ve always thought of myself as incredibly honest. (See my blog on George Washington’s birthday).
2 yezirah
Jazzmaster Silver Dial Watch
Guitarist with metallica
And it’s driving me insane, not introducing myself. I’m a bit used to writing stories, things that I wish weren’t just fiction, and I don’t like holding back a narrator’s identity, you know? I know these silly little books aren’t supposed to be for other people’s eyes, but I think that maybe I’m going to break the rules here. It’s mine, after all. One day, this story will be my best, something fantastic and special, not just because it’s true. My name is Alexander, I’m fifteen years old, my auntie likes to call me Alex, my uncle prefers Zander, and I live in a world that’s probably a lot different than your’s.
The aftermath...notsomuch. Ten minutes later I am ready to puke. Seriously ready. I feel like I literally ate 14 lbs. of cookies.
I lack a research staff to confirm the statistics I have quoted, and, so, cannot assert them. I just report the work others have done. But I have documented sources, and these impress me. If the statistics and projections are not fully accurate, the facts are close enough to frighten.
Me: “…”
(....and trying to create and stick to a budget)
This cheese blogging adventure is taking some interesting twists and turns. There a lot of people living in Canada, and a lot of those people like cheese. I initially assumed that not very many people would have much interest in a blog about Canadian Cheese. It is turning out that there is a community of people just as curious, passionate and interested in the topic as me. Even more interesting is the fact that that many people reading this blog do not live in Canada.
Further, let me state that I am not interested in discussing whether or not there is a god, his or her name, whether or not that god has big white beard and white robes, or wears flip flops and sits on a lawn chair on the back of a camel… I’m not interested in discussing whether or not you think rain is a god crying, an angel peeing, or a natural phenomenon… Whether there is one true god, or a dozen… Whether or not god has two arms or eight, has tentacles or wings… Whether God looks more like you, or more a long haired anti-war protestor from the early 70s, or more like an elephant with diamonds on the soles of her shoes… Whether god is a just a story, a recollection of factual events, a vibrational force, some law of attraction, or a form of simple physics.
If you’d like to know more specifics or about how some particular area of our process went, just ask, we’re not shy… I would be happy to share.
Some say “More freedom!”
We also need to mow in the goat field and the yard. Fortunately, we have three lawn mowers. One is a riding mower. We’ll use it for the larger areas. The second mower is a push mower. It’s perfect for the front and side yards, as well as any tight areas. The third mower is a sickle mower that is mainly used for very tall grasses, brambles, and hay. It may not get used today.
“Mom, I was thinking today at work about-” she paused to breathe in, considering her words, “about what we’re going to do with you.”
2 choose
"The only treatment my GP could offer was the psychological treatment at the local ME clinic. When I asked for prescriptions for some of the supplements that are recommended, I was refused. How can GPs facilitate personalised plans when their knowledge is based on NICE guidelines or psychological material? There cannot be any patient choice until the medical profession and social care accept that it is a neurological condition. Fragmented and inadequate NHS services will remain as there is no real commitment by some.” Susan Rogers, Beckenham, Kent; sick for 2 years
Kelp belongs to the Fucaceae family. Other names for Fucus vesiculosus are kelpware, black-tang, bladderfucus, cutweed, and bladderwrack. The main constituents of kelp include phenolic compounds, mucopolysaccharides, algin, polar lipids, and glycosyl ester diglycerides. Kelp also contains protein, carbohydrates, and essential fatty acids.
seeping through cheap cracked boots.
“This is in fact accurate,” says Temple University Professor Priya Joshi, who’s working on a book about Indian cinema. She says $500 million of Indian money was just poured into a DreamWorks joint venture.
"A little known and underrated talent. John Thomas had two hits with The Flies in Australia before coming to London to form his own band in 1969. Both albums are consistently good, strong material and raw vocals, which suit the guitar-driven musical format. There's some good guitar work on both albums. Ride A Rainbow is certainly the most commercial track on the first album but Trippin' Like A Dog And Rockin' Like A Bitch is really the magnum opus. The second album is excellent too. The opening cut Down In The Bottom sets the tone for more guitar driven hard rock from which the title track, Brother Bat Bone, is really the highlight, but dig the melodic guitar work on This Is My Body and Standin' In The Sunshine illustrates his mellower side. This is slightly the stronger of two but both are recommended. John Thomas later played for Edgar Broughton in 1975 and now lives in Berlin, running a band called Johnny and The Drivers." (Tapestry of Delights)
For a change, I'm very comfortable and not at all chilled. Even my hands are warm which doesn't happen very often. I think it must be because of my low blood pressure that they are always so cold, just like the tip of my nose. It usually feels like an ice cube but that is not a problem right now.
Copenhagen’s very own Marvin’s Revolt are loud, proud and endowed with the kind of killer tunes that will make you jump about with glee. Following several successful tours in the UK and Ireland, Marvin’s Revolt are back to blow your mind with a mixture of math-pop and angular catchy rock.
I just got home from a RELAXING girl's weekend on the Chesapeake Bay. What fun to eat lunch on a big sailboat in a beautiful marina! The owner of the boat was kind enough to offer her boat as a setting for a tablescape. You bet I'll be traveling down to the Chesapeake very soon with a big box of dishes.
At the end of the week, I always give my students a cloze sentence test that includes different words that they have learned using the week's word study patterns. Would anyone be interested in me posting these tests? Most of my students do fairly well each week. I try to keep the sentences fairly simple and use patterns we've already studied, sight words they should know, and short vowel words. But I have one student who has failed the test the last 3 weeks in a row! I don't know why. He can read the words whenever he slows down and pays attention. I even reminded him to slow down before giving him the test this past Friday. I looked at it when he was done and he had gotten 2 right out of 10. I gave it back to him and told him to go back over it carefully. He then got 5 out of 10 right the 2nd time.
And here is a good pic for showing Emery's growth! It was this time last year Sadie loving cut Emery's hair! I will never forget the heart attack I had this day. Yowzers! I can't even tell where her hair was cut now!
In the region of Murcia a 65% discount applied to a duplex apartment, built to 136 square metres, with three bedrooms, two bathrooms and a terrace, means the property can be purchased for 93,000 euros.
Four: The most important part of you will always be what's inside.
It could be an unhealthy marriage….
*Top photo by AP; Air Force One photo courtesy Nation's Restaurant News; Leno photo courtesy NBC; pizza photo courtesy Evette Rios/The Chew. /Updated.
Other precautions that you should take when you have gestational diabetes include carrying a card or another item that identifies you have diabetes and what type of insulin you are taking. The worse case scenario is you passing out and the people who come to help you need to know that you are diabetic. Make sure people at work and your family members are aware of your condition and know what warning signs to look for if you need help and when to bring your some juice or something else to eat.
We took my Daughter's Best Friend Sarah (this is who the 21st card I made on Friday is for) on Holiday with us. We are really lucky to have a Centre Parks very close by (about an hour and half's drive away), and we went for a nice long weekend's break.
What is good, is how, they feed on me.
As reek o' the rotten fens, whose loves I prize
Chris’ production summarizes the mortgage boom perfectly. A top tier Account Executive can lock in as much as $20,000,000 a day for delivery. And that’s on a good day. Ultimately, locks mean dick because the company only gets paid on what is actually delivered. But still. It’s an indicator of how much volume the company plans on churning out within the following month. Thus, those numbers are the key metric in determining who the supreme Account Executive is, as flawed as the rationale may be.
it not so sweet, a welcome
This review may have turned some people off of the show, but if you are still interested in this show for whatever reason, then please buy the DVD from your local DVD store. Not only the movies but the full 220 episode box set is available for purchase. Of course, if you’re a feminist and hate harem, avoid this show and if you really want to watch it, say for a feminist study on harem, then just watch it on TV.
“I write for those women who do not speak, for those who do not have a voice because they were so terrified, because we are taught to respect fear more than ourselves. We’ve been taught that silence would save us, but it won’t.”–Audre Lorde
Bill Question
Is how we have loved
“Back in July last year Andy Murray was cursed by Jonah Brown. Earlier this week when Gordon wished Murray well against Federer many co-conspirators winced and commented that this was the kiss of death again.”
﻿ An April 28 Wall Street Journal editorial, “The Growth Deficit”, took note of the fact that “The weakest recovery on record continued in 2012’s first quarter, with the Commerce Department’s Friday report of 2.2% growth.” Despite the official government view that the recession officially ended in 2009, the “quarterly growth has average 2.4%, That’s slower growth than in every modern expansion, and about half the growth rate of all recoveries since World War Two, according to Congress’s Joint Economic Committee.”
When I see the title "Desk Reference," I think of a book that covers a relatively broad topic in medium depth. The "U.S. Patent Prosecutor's Desk Reference" delivers on this expectation. All four hundred pages in this book are devoted to what patent prosecutors do every day: responding to Office Action rejections. The depth is just right: much more than an overview, but not so many details that you lose the big picture.
The photo is one that I took of the Tracy Arm Fjord glacier on our trip to Alaska last year. I remember being so overwhelmed by the quiet majesty of those mountains, the glacier and the floating ice. It was so ethereal, like being in another world altogether.
The news the four carried with them, based upon what they had heard and seen, pushed them as if an angry alligator was swimming on their tails. The U.N. troops were coming for them and their counterparts. To date, the blue-helmeted PLA troops had steered clear of the swamp, only accosting members of the group when they ventured out of the swamp for one reason or another.
1 gently
Thanks so much for all of your support!
We had some awesome workshop presenters! The women that weren't from Utah really loved John Bytheway. Well, the women that were did too! He was so funny, he had tears rolling down some of their cheeks!
I will continue to yearn for him, of course — that is the nature of grief — but perhaps (at least some of the time) I will remember that he deserves to be at peace, even if it’s the serenity that only death will bring.
I, too, have been emerging from a hibernation of sort. A long one. One I wasn't entirely aware of being in. Another type of cycle.
First of all, I’m a little lighter. I have lost about 10-15 lbs. Not quite sure how, must be medication-related. I’m not complaining though!!
how much of the N34.4
(Manny and Andrew playing handball.)
The list of nominees appears below. To enter the contest, predict the winner in each category and e-mail your predictions to me at jeffmalonesemailaccount@gmail.com. All entries must be received by 7:59 on Sunday, February 26, 2012. (Also, don’t forget to enter the Alternative Oscar Contest as well.)
Daddy, please don't leave
In the egg-caziz of dream inside the Ziwi Starship from Sirius
Is it okay for Christians to watch R rated movies?
lots of my own as I keep counting them...
I convince myself that this is the work of a mechanism inside the car meant to protect the car if it is running for more than, say 10 minutes, because clearly this was not my doing. Clearly. I feel the hot, stinging tears roll down my icy cold cheeks. The lunatic in me starting to emerge.
Unschooling
Jillian is a fabulous chick over at Teenage Bride. I love the sweet posts she shares about her life. She's written a book and a VERY sweet post for Unedited today!
Clean with rag or soft brush. Absorb moisture with a dry cloth. Also works on upholstery, but always test a small area first.
“I believe in professionalism, but playing is not like a job. You have to be grateful to have the opportunity to play.”
And my son was impressed. He saw the whole deal and replayed it a few times for my husband and daughter. Replayed it for me - the main character in a bizarre scene I didn't quite understand. He gave us details, explaining why exactly she was going sideways on the run. I asked him question upon question throughout the evening.
Just so you guys know- I have a lot of health problems, but I am not a whiner- the only reason I tell you about them is when they interfere with my ability to work on the blog. everyone has troubles in life and mine are not as bad as some, so I count myself lucky. I do, however, appreciate all the love and support I have found here. I especially like when you all share your lives back with me...
the best they can and share their secrets to feeling & looking good.
And let's face it, if it was OUR book, I think we'd all appreciate a little painless good deed by strangers.
Jones said if it is a genuine archaeological find, the pyramid would have to have been built between 10,000 B.C. and 6,000 B.C., when the continental shelf was not covered by water, said Chisholm.
They charged me for $175.00.
I looked at their wedding photos.
Ervin Vincent Gailliard, 42, New York, N.Y.
I sometimes wish I knew the Lake District better than I do. My rather patchy knowledge arises partly from a fixation with the number 3,000: a bit of a Munro thing, a preference -certainly the past- for walks that end at a summit over 3,000 feet high.
Other Duties :
The next part depends on the quality of what I've got at this point. Every now and again (rarely!) I get it close to right the first time and the story doesn't need too much revision. But most times it needs quite a bit. I ALWAYS come in at too high a word count, so there is always cutting to be done. It takes a few tries to see how I can cut without losing my story - and in fact, hopefully, make it stronger. Usually this part of the process helps me to make sure I'm actually telling the story I mean to be telling (or that I know exactly what my main theme, or the point of my story is.) The number of revisions can vary from 1 to 20 or more.
Bloggers that utilize a social network to maintain a blog site must additionally very carefully consider the prospective audience for the blog. Most social networks consist of a broad cross section of the general public. Therefore bloggers must appreciate this viewers when posting a website and must think about exactly how the website entries will be translated by blog viewers members. While it will certainly never be feasible to avoid offending all possible audience members some blog writers may desire to consider at least attempting to ensure the website entries they upload are appropriate for all members of the social network. If this is not possible the blog writer may think about making the weblog private.
Mervyn King, the governor of the Bank of England, complained to a committee of MPs that it was hard to manage the economy when nobody knew how many people were in the country. .. Less privileged folk of his generation, for whose fears about the future he clearly has a patrician contempt, will pay a heavy price if our unprecedented experiment of mass immigration goes wrong.”
Schumer: that’s crapola Guthry
"Tell me, Jack. Do you believe that today's society is trying to tear down the fabric of the family?"
PNAU (AUS)
What would I give up?
After running errands on the morning of Friday, February 25, Wesley and I came home to eat lunch. I had a Facebook message from Jackie, the mom of a little boy I taught in preschool years ago. Jackie is also a labor and delivery nurse at one of the local hospitals, so when I saw the message to "Call me at work. It's important," I knew exactly why she was contacting me--there was a baby for us!
Happy Tuesday everyone and thanks for taking the time to visit the charmed life blog. I am out in San Francisco with my granddaughter Phoenix Daisy. I left my hubby home to hold down the fort.
It’s difficult to be an introvert sometimes.
When Koji’s owners, Crystal and Hung Nguyen, returned from vacation they were surprised that Koji seemed to be “marking” in the house but were also alarmed to find blood in his urine. They brought Koji, a seven-year-old Shiba Inu in to be examined. Dr. Hsu performed a full urinalysis on Koji, and, in addition to red blood cells, many white blood cells were found in his urine in the absence of bacteria.
For the miraculous birth, there always must be
At the age of 19, it was the right time and the right place for Whitehorse to learn who she was as an American Indian.
In talking up having another brother to Callie one of the things I mentioned was not having to share her room. That didn't work as planned since she really wanted to share her room and have bunk beds. So we began the process of organizing her room and making it Chase friendly. With her having her big closet to have her more special things in. The plan is to have Callie's room and then the boys' room. But for the first couple years we will store Callie's bed and have the bunk beds in her room where Chase will sleep. His clothes, etc will stay in his room but he will sleep in her room. This will give us the boys' room for a nursery and then when the crib is ready to be put away we will move the bunk beds into the boys' room for them. By then I have a feeling Callie will be more than ready to have her room and bed back.
Why would God let his son suffer such abuse? Because of his protective, paternal instinct for us. He doesn’t want to lose any of us to the ravages of the evil one, so he saved us through his son.
Rust is a strongly-typed systems programming language with a focus on memory safety and concurrency. The compiler is supported on Windows, Linux, and Mac. Feature-wise, Rust intentionally doesn´t bring any new ideas, and instead builds upon existing, known features that are present in other
My sweet little inside source, Michelle Z at RR has hooked me up with that nifty new gadget you see on the sidebar to your right. You just click on the donate button under the child who you are giving to, and it will take you directly to the Paypal page linked to their account.
My Dad's first name was Sturdee, named after some obscure British Admiral, my Mum's parents decided to go boldly and make up a brand new name for her - Erinwen Mai (in case you're wondering it means white plum of May in Welsh). No one ever got that right either. So I can see why they did it, and although I used to hate Catherine,(never, never call me Cathy) I feel utterly at home with it now.
Well, I guess I am going to try again today to get some shots of this one while she is not being a goof. Wish me luck!
They know too that flowers are cosmic diagrams of supreme effulgence
1/2 juice of a lemon
The College resided in St. Paul, Minnesota, for over 50 years. In 1970, as the College grew, it moved to its present location just west of Minneapolis, near the communities of Waconia and St. Bonifacius. Nestled among the rolling hills of one of the most lake-dotted regions of Minnesota, the beautiful campus offers an inviting place for learning, and growth.
They took each day for exactly what it was.............
- Martin Plewa (former German national Three-Day Event trainer, Director of the Riding and Driving School of Westfalia)
Only a few more days until I walk out of the house for 24 hours for mischief and mayhem. I've got a whole weekend of gal pal glory coming up....it's going to be epic.
If you are interested in creating your own View Master reels, there are a few ways of going about it. If you can find the discontinued film, and a Personal Stereo Camera, you could shoot your own. (Though you would have to also come across a cutter, a mount, and most likely develop and print them yourself too). This company says they can make you custom reels out of any visual format. (They also sell View Masters in bulk). And Melangerie Inc. will make you the most beautiful personalized View Master wedding invitations. (as seen above).
Blind Melon
Creating dream shells is hard enough without worrying about feelings for Thanee, or the reciprocation of those feelings BY Thanee. Mesdan can’t afford to split his attention now.
Though my grandfather's passing has been really rough on me, I've found that there's still a bit of holiday cheer in my heart. I know that at any given moment, my December Depression could set in and take it all away but that's not slowing me down.
I heard a story once about an old professor that would walk around the halls of my old seminary and stop students in the hallways. Pointing at the, he would just randomly say, “at this very moment, you are as Resurrected as you ever will be.”
There's a reason I was given this "Hope Chest" and what a waste to not use it. It cannot possibly be filled with gifts all at once. There will be moments that will require me to go into the contents and not remove them, but just rearrange them to make room for the other gifts that are stored there. It may take awhile for the purpose of the chest to be utilized, but when the time comes, the chest will know when it needs to use the gifts stored from within. For as long as I have hope in my life, happiness is just a couple of vowels away.
wossy: you look like a vicar trying to dress casual to impress the teenagers.
All the government is doing is adding fuel to the fire. Even with above average academic performance, the number of scholarships or financial assistance available is negligible for a white male. I’d love to work more hours and become more independent from my parents, but that’s just not happening anytime soon.
“These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God. And this is the confidence that we have in him, that , if we ask any thing according to his will, he heareth us: And if we know that he hear us, whatsoever we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him.”
I don’t disagree that there was a tremendous amount of hype surrounding the then first-term Senator, or that the Obama campaign took advantage of that hype to propel Mr. Obama into the White House. However, my disagreement stems from the idea that President Obama has failed to live up to this hype, or that he has failed to move beyond partisanship. You blanch?
I’d like to suggest that this is what underlies the paralogic that makes peak oil incomprehensible to most people in the industrial world just now. The concept of progress is, if anything, more heavily loaded with positive emotional energy among us than the concept of democracy, and around it gathers a flurry of other concepts equally freighted with warm emotions. Challenge it—and the concept of peak oil, if it’s taken seriously, challenges it to the core—and the social self takes fright and shies away, dragging the chariot and the charioteer with it, and quite possibly spooking the other horse and sending the whole kit and caboodle careening down the nearest blind alley. (Murmuring "drill, baby, drill" to the social horse seems to calm it, which probably explains the popularity of that ritual chant just now. )
The world’s first 3D design at Wayland’s Smithy, Oxfordshire, left, –combination skyscraper-overhead, 12-towers and Florence Nightingale’s Rose Diagram–appeared July 8th 2006: 06-07-08. Its proximity to Wayland’s Smithy neolithic burial chamber is not accidental, as it implies a connection between the ancient Saxon god of metalworking and the future of the human race being forged now. The British–as mythologist Barbara Clow has stated bluntly–are not exactly known for their knowledge of their own sacred beginnings. She implies (the reality of) America as a God-fearing race; while the British have no tolerance for the sacred. Many of the most emphatic crop markings of recent years have emphasized this lack of sensitivity to our ancient wisdom and essence of the sacred. Designs have increasingly been sited in close proximity to primeval sacred sites or places of ancient wisdom whose meaning and context have, in general, been studiously ignored.
light usage. If you look at the pictures, you can see which one is more worn out.
I know it sounds like I'm not fully committed to my dreams of working in the publishing industry, but I think success stories I hear involve people who have money and resources. I have neither. And I've tried moving to big cities and waiting tables- let's just say that's not an option for me.
I do have one request, please could you serve Absinthe (I understand you have the bottle behind the bar but do not serve the drink for some reason)?
In a previous incarnation, I made origami bookmarks for my students. Originally, I intended them as a prize for a particular activity, yet they were all so excited I ended up letting the winning students choose first, and then gave a bookmark to each of the others as well (which involved making 150 in total!) I was quite touched, however, to find many of them still using the bookmarks in their textbooks each week as the semester progressed.
Writing this book was also my way of trying to understand how one of the great musicians of the early twentieth century faded so quickly from European musical life and was passed over by music historians. Zemlinsky’s talent alone should have ensured him a place in posterity. As one of the last in a long line of Viennese “complete musicians”, Zemlinsky excelled as a pianist, was a conductor of the first rank, and wrote significant compositions in all genres: lieder, chamber and choral music, symphonies and opera. Few of his peers could make such claims. But then neither did Zemlinsky, and his modesty, though arguably a personal virtue, proved detrimental to his career and legacy. He never developed the skills necessary for self-promotion, and he rarely programmed his own music. Zemlinsky was fully conscious of his abilities, which he believed should have secured his reputation, and his seeming inability to promote his own cause :
“How could I? We’ve been surrounded by people all day!”
My only criticism of the novel is that it was a bit predictable. I saw the ending coming a mile away, and yes even some of the relationships too. In this novel though, I am not sure it is a bad thing. The author gave me what I wanted. I wanted that ending and that relationship. Call me a sucker, but it worked for me.
The speech by Shashi Tharoor was perhaps the best amongst all that evening. I felt he played the role of a perfect diplomat – not forgetting to refer to the Israel-Palestine conflict and India’s rather neutral stance on the conflict. The man certainly did his background research before penning down his thoughts on the day, as he made some very interesting points about the history of Jews in India.
1 SF romance (haven't seen one of these in a while--kind of excited!)
And the work they produced? I was so impressed! Tender and beautiful descriptions, funny and clever dialogue, vivid and thrilling action, crisp and moving poetry that caused spontaneous applause. And all of it done on the spot in a few minutes of time. Amazing.
Ro Bruhn There aren't too many things I haven't tried yet, but having seen Judy Wise's fabulous encaustic paintings I'd have to say encaustics.
I leave you with a quote from our ancient literature –
Something Unique
“The big question,” I heard one of the CNN buffoons say as I fished through channels, “is whether the Sanfords will reconcile.” I asked my wife, “Is that really the big question? Can’t CNN find bigger questions than that?” But she was already heading to the living room to turn on some music and sit down with a book.
Miles Davis: Died September 28, 1991 at age 65. Legendary trumpeter who has played and been a major innovator in a variety of styles; Be – bop, Cool jazz, Hard bop, Third stream (with Gil Evans) and Fusion. His 1959 record Kind of Blue is arguably still the greatest jazz record of all time.
The film doesn’t do enough to get us caring about Marley’s ever-worsening condition – or her ever-brightening hopes of a meaningful relationship with a shy doctor (a miscast Gael Garcia Bernal).“Kate delivers a powerful and sensitive performance, supported by an extremely talented cast,” said Millennium Entertainment CEO Bill Lee. “This is a very special film that will speak to many people. We are thrilled to share A Little Bit of Heaven with audiences through a multitude of platforms.”Based on the marketing and distribution plan that Bill Lee and his team presented, their passion for the film, and their past success utilizing the Premium VOD model, we felt that Millennium was the right distributor to handle A Little Bit of Heaven, which we all agree is a very special film.
All dishwashers were not created equal. While it may not be quite as fun as picking out a new car or pair of jeans, a quality dishwasher will make your life so much easier, while a substandard one will lead to constant frustration and extra work. When looking for a new dishwasher, it’s important to investigate each candidate’s energy efficiency, audible volume, load time, rack space, and overall washing ability. You need to make sure that the dishwasher loads easily and cleans your dishes exhaustively. Of all the products on the market, one dishwasher stood out above the rest.
(shall I tell)
That, too, was a lie. It was not OK. He could almost see her mentally taking out a three by five card and writing "2-14-2011: Missed Valentine's Day dinner" in bright red ink. It would be filed away in that endless card catalog of hurts and mistakes that she had kept over the last 12 years.
Note: A good one to prep the night before. This recipe does NOT freeze well, so make it for one night and refrigerate leftovers, don't attempt to double the batch and freeze! You will need to have some dried spices on hand for this so check the recipe carefully!
P.S. Have you heard about the new food pyramid plate that will be released Thursday? Over half of the plate will be covered with fruits and vegetables, a not so subtle reminder that we all need to eat more of them. What do you think of the new food plate? Do you usually fill your plate full of fruits and veggies? We usually do but there is always room for improvement :) Happy Tuesday everyone!
7 oz tube almond paste ( not marzipan)/8 oz can almond paste
Romney will bow out in a respectable loss but a loss is a loss is a loss. Romney is a weak candidate that doesn’t have much upside potential but all the traits necessary for Obama to win. I didn’t even mention Romneycare. Oops, I just did.
Have led to the decline of the Faith!
John Facenda was already a legendary figure in Philadelphia television by the time Ed Sabol, the man who founded NFL Films, contracted Facenda in 1965 to do narration for all of the films produced by Sabol’s brain-child (NFL Films was founded in 1965 as a private enterprise and is now owned by the league) that has won over 100 Sports Emmys.
As we rode in somewhat comfort,
UK military spending is the fourth highest in the world (SIPRI). The military budget in 2009 was nearly 10 x the size of the entire International Development budget and 1000 x the budget for conflict prevention (Guardian) On average each UK taxpayer pays £589 per person on military spending per year (MoD figures)
Don’t come back at all
VIJAYA: I love the cover. It’s perfect. The star freighter is marooned in the snow, in front of this medieval citadel of Kassouk, which is the background for most of the covers, and most of the stories in this series. It’s incongruous, just like the situation of my human settlers, faced with medieval technology. But of course, there is a lot more going on...
Chase butterflies
Thus, the first order of business is to get you to smile. : – )
Bread Pans
The two most recent variety packs to cross the threshold here were the ubiquitous “Beers of the World” which I’ve had numerous times (why does a bottle of Red Stripe always end up in these?) and a variety pack of American Craft beers. Here’s the skinny on a couple from the Craft Beer variety pack.
While waiting for my train back to Boston, I popped in the Union Station "WOMEN"s room. From inside my stall I heard men's voices. What the...
A couple of years ago a friend of mine had a rare family Christmas where all her family members were in the same city for the holidays. She’s your typical home-girl, very domestic and family values are very important to her. After Christmas lunch – when everyone was gathered in the front room – her boyfriend pulled her to the middle of the room, told her how much he understood the importance of family to her and how he looked forward to starting a family with her and hoped in a years to come they would be surrounded with their children – as he finished his mini speech he got down on one knee and asked if she’d help make his hopes a reality.
I am perfectly aware you hate me, BELIEVE me I am. Just because I smile at you and engage you in conversation, does not mean you can go to my friends and talk shit about me because you think I don't know. I do this for a few reasons 1) it's going to piss you off THAT much more. 2) I really don't care that you hate me and 3) I have enough friends that don't talk shit about me, that I don't need you. You see, my parents raised me to be polite even when there's nothing more I'd like to do then rip your eyes out and tell you exactly how I feel. But I don't do this because it won't do me any good, I know there is NOTHING I can do to make you change your mind about me. You can continue to hate me for whatever reason you hate me, but the minute you start saying something about me being a bad mom, all bets are off. Y'all have said it in the past and I've ignored it because really? I'm the bad mom because I go out a few times a month and leave my children WITH THEIR FATHER?! The man who has fathered BOTH my children and I'm STILL married to? I know it's a new concept for you, being married to a man for 17 years and all, but it's true. And all your shit talking isn't going to change that. You're even welcome to call my husband and tell him I flirt with other men if you'd like. Sadly for you, he won't be pissed off because he already knows.I'm just letting you all know so there is no misunderstanding when I go off on you the next time you decide to question my mothering abilities.
Answering an unrelated question about poor conviction rates, Mkhwanazi said: “we have been told in many instances of late that we don’t have the right to investigate certain case dockets”. He had been instructed by “powers beyond us” to “release some case dockets to the inspector-general for Intelligence’, in what seems to have been a thinly masked reference to criminal investigations against Crime Intelligence Division (CID) boss Richard Mdluli.
I try to forget
Regulation is not a dirty word. It is often the only protection between you and Bernard Madoff, the difference between your portfolio thriving and an abnormally large investment in Enron, between your insurance company deciding to operate as a hedge fund or arbitrarily denying your life-saving surgery. It doesn’t take a genius to know when regulation is silly (all fire extinguishers must be between 3’8” and 4’2” from the floor or you get fined) and when the regulations are common sense. Right now, common sense has been zoned out. We’re way past the pendulum point.
I think at times I forget how close Ash and Puck once were. We see peeks into this past in other books, but here we get a taste of how much they once enjoyed working together. Best Friends in the fullest sense. These boys had fun! They pulled pranks, they fought, and hunted, and fell for the same girl (again and again apparently, lol). It’s just so sad to think that they lost that…
It is going to be interesting to see how this plays out in a Tarot deck! (Yes, I already have the very preconceived notion that this is not a true theme deck (the HEXEN2.0), but theory hung on an available existing structure, At the least, it will be an interesting ride!
That night, as I lay in bed with Mr7, enjoying the 20 minutes of one-on-one time that we get each day in the guise of Reading, I realised that I would soon be doing this with both boys. Squeezing an entire day's closeness into one tiny window.
Wish me luck!!!
And that’s a pretty wonderful job to have, even if there is some frou frou fluff along the way.
Fun? Double check!!
And it's all because your mama don't dance
Thursday, April 14th
My fun hobby has unintentionally grown into a li'l crafty business for me which I am loving.
Recommended for those looking for a lighthearted romantic comedy with multiple possible pairings akin to reverse-harem manga (think Ouran High School Host Club minus the high school and all but one host).
Wine pairing: Jean-Marc Brocard, 2009 Petit Chablis, Burgundy, France
If they’re looking for the female that will offer them the world, put up with their bullshit, love them when they least deserve it, wipe their tears, help build their blocks up when the world knocks em down and learn how to put herself last just so she can be there when he needs to come first – well I can’t help them. But for him? For him I can, was and wanted to be all that and more.
And she says,
Next up is this small, vintage metal button, with a utilitarian feel to it. The button has the words 'Our Own Make' 'England' stamped around the edge. Available individually for 10p each here; or as a pack of 100 for £5, here.
What advice you would give to an aspiring author?
Mr. Bergman graduated from Yale and taught economics there as a Carnegie Fellow. He later attended the Yale School of Drama as a Eugene O’Neill playwriting fellow. He moved to Los Angeles in the early 1960s to pursue a writing career.
- Volunteer your time helping at the event. We will need help setting up for the event on Friday as well as working the event and cleaning up afterwards on Saturday. All students will receive points for Office Hours.
Such gorgeous vignettes, non?
The war against dangerous drugs is the most dangerous job.
9. Use it to clean up your pet’s accident. Club soda works really well to neutralized the smell of urine decreasing the chance that your pet will have another accident in the same spot.
But without a fail, every time I set out for another run in January, I was glad I did it. I love that the challenge helped me get out there a bit more than usual. Granted they weren’t marathons but 31 runs in January isn’t bad at all!
First of all, ACC, what’s the deal with the aeronautical engineer thing? Is that some kind of hybrid spec? Because I thought the talent trees were Chemical, Electrical, and Mechanical. Did I miss something on the wiki? Meanwhile, I’m still playing around with the veterinarian, but I also just rolled a humanities-spec teacher class (for those of you wondering, by the way, that would be the human equivalent of orcities studies). Who knows how that will go.
He said the process would take about a month and described some of the symptoms. Given that he later said that many others would also be going through it, I’ll quote what he says about them, but I request that you hear it as applicable to you as well.
Reading does not make you fat or ugly or unhealthy. It can certainly ruin you financially. But the perks are just so many. A reader has an inner life which I believe other people don’t have. (And of course they do not know what they miss.) Of course my fascination with Bruce’s work fit perfectly in this scenario. But I have found it quite difficult to get my hands on books about him. The only one in my local library is quite an old book in the In his own words series. This was a wonderful book for me as a new fan, as it brought me straight to his own words, instead of those of others.
But now you’ve been brought back to that valley of the shadow of death, fighting against your former master. Satan sees you. He knows you’re dangerous to him. He knows you’re a threat because of what Jesus has made you. Because he has equipped you with a deadly weapon. Satan wants you dead.
Honey-Glazed Pecans
I thought today was just going to be awful. I got Wei Yin Chen on an 8x10 of me and him. It was raining and I hadn't seen a player til roughly 2:45. my dad got Josh Hamilton on a copy of a book for my friend Trent who hadn't gotten him the day before. I got over to one part of the players entrance I had learned Alexi Ogando had signed. I was angry. I really wanted him. He then came out and I was stoked to get my photo with him. Inside right away I was able to get Matt Harrison to sign a card. Since the Rangers weren't hitting due to a late start of Orioles BP due to rain only the pitchers were out. A bunch of people left the well to go to the outfield for Yu Darvish. He randomly came running in and I somehow got him over. I got him on a ball. I then went along the third baseline and got Derek Holland on an 8x10 of me and him and a card. I got Mark Lowe on a 2011 World Series Ball, since he will sort of be remembered for giving up the homerun to Freese. I also got a pic with him. I then got a pic with Koji Uehara. I witnessed absolute history as Josh Hamilton hit 4 homeruns and a double going 5 for 5. After the game all I got was a pic with Robbie Ross and a pic with Matt Harrison. I also got Stuart Pomeranz on the ticket from the day before since it was his MLB debut.
You can tell I am getting caught up as the Brain has time to mull over post topics....
The flowers and pearls are from Wild Orchid Crafts..
to loath the lies
Anybody listening?
I made this Halloween bracelet, again using a Laney Mead lampie. This time a little witch that I'd had for a while.
01 Coming in from the cold (Nonpalidede)
“Never mind. Forget I said all of that because you Matilda “Mattie” Mathers aren’t that frivolous or that obtuse. You’ve got quality coming out of your ears but you just…you just have that one giant, dark cloud hanging right in front of an eminent massive heart attack.” Jack looks at his watch and a twitchy finger teases the can of beans. “What is important is I’m here to grant you a wish Matilda. I do in fact have a beautiful and rare can of magic beans right here and I’m going to give you your very own bean stalk.”
Whiz all ingredients together in a blender. Depending on how thick you like your shakes/smoothies, you might want to add the water gradually so that you can adjust the amount to your liking. Taste, and, if it's not quite sweet enough for your liking, add sugar, then process again briefly. Ta-da, you now have your very own milkshake-smoothie!
Preheat the oven to 180ºC
For eg.
Y’all have blessed night and please pray for me in church tomorrow.
I Think it is as if people take the cab to the gym and pay shitload of money to exercise when they have this for free
Washington, D.C. - Tensions are high at the White House as President Barack Obama prepares for a private Oval Office meeting with Hu Jintao, the President of the Peoples Republic of China.
It’s not at all difficult to see the impact of the slippery slope when looking back, and how we got from ‘A” to “Z” becomes crystal clear. If only we hadn’t done this, or that, we wouldn’t be paying this cost now. Unfortunately, history repeats with the same results and the definition of insanity continues to go unnoticed by those seeking to change the outcome yet again.
Rainforest Films has produced four films for theatrical release, three of which have opened at #1, including Takers (2010), Obsessed (2009) and the beloved college experience film, Stomp The Yard (2007). Hardy was named by Black Enterprise as one of their “Top 40 Entertainers Under 40,” and HBO honored him with the “Director to Watch” Award.
The top 3 in no order are
We did find a few good things and it only took a few hours so we packed up quickly so we could make our next destination, a really great flea market we had been hearing about along the way.
You heard me saying a prayer for
super handy and able to to all the plumbing! yay to the male brain! (ok, of course women can do this too and he even says it's not that hard but I guess I really don't WANT to know how to do this stuff)...
“Where is it?” I asked.
Her imaginings of the future were occasionally brilliant but usually very predictable and shallow. Yes, the whole point is that their culture is obsessed with appearances and *leaving a mark*, but it still didn't fit. There was so much more that could have been done with this premise, had it been given more thought, but it really seems like a rush job. That's fine - I understand that authors need to pay the bills. I think maybe at the pace it was set at, this would have been a better middle grade read. As a YA reader, I expect things a little slower and better developed. (BTW--not slamming the quality of middle grade books. Just a comment on the pacing, which is definitely different.) But Haddix seemed intent on throwing in a fair number of gratuitous, completely pointless sexual references that did nothing to further the story, so I won't be recommending this to my little sister.
** Fermenti Artisan "Homemade heritage breed bacon with fermented root relish and Capriole Farms goat cheese" This is the dish that I made my earlier comment about the ratio of goat cheese on each bite. The fermented root relish looked like shredded beets but was sweeter. The presenters of the food also mentioned something about apples in it. It was a cool dish and great for summertime. I liked this dish more than Christy liked it.
But I got a whole new perspective on the clan when I traveled around Ireland in college with a fellow American, Carol Delahunty. She wanted to visit her county, Kilkenny. So we made our way there, via Dublin, then Galway, Clare, Dingle, Limerick, Cork, Waterford. All along the way, when I said my name, people would say, "Oh, the fighting O'Neills" or "Ah, the kings of Ireland." Which surprised me. No one said anything about Delahunty.
‘My dear friend Remus, how can I begin to say?
Scientists have known about the flagellum for some time. However, its structural details, which have only emerged over the last decade or so, have come as a great surprise to them. It has been discovered that the flagellum moves by means of a very complicated “organic motor,” and not by a simple vibratory mechanism as was earlier believed. This propeller-like engine is constructed on the same mechanical principles as an electric motor. There are two main parts to it: a moving part (the “rotor”) and a stationary one (the “stator”).
Each year school kids study World War II, learning important facts about the Maginot line, the occupation of Paris and the atrocities committed in hate. It's time to put away those boring text books and make the learning real. This book would be a wonderful resource for the study of World War II.
Jon Jones once again dominated in his title defense and has done so in pretty every single fight of his career in the Light Heavyweight division. He has more than cleaned out the entire top seven ranked guys in impressive fashion and there are only a few worthy challengers in the near future, if at all. So what’s next for Jones?
We're colored people and we live in a tainted place
Where once was love
In association with the Kenya Copyright Board (KECOBO), the Kenya National Library Service (KNLS), Kopiken, the Kenyan Publishers Association (KPA) and the Kenyan Writers Union (KWU), the International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions (IFLA), the International Federation of Reproduction Rights Organisations (IFRRO), the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO), the International Publishers Association (IPA) and the International Authors Forum (IAF) and the African Regional Intellectual Property Organization (ARIPO) are organising a two day conference on ‘The Culture of Reading and Books in the Digital Age’ to address these issues.
Paper Puppets
“One afternoon, we were showing some French film that the poster, as always, claimed had great delights but in reality included no known form of coherent entertainment. There were nine living breathing mortals in the audience, including someone the box office staff had christened ‘Mad Martha’.
If you need a fun place to hang out with friends or to host an event without breaking your New Year's resolution to stay healthy, look no further than Maimonide of Brooklyn.
If you would like to be considered for a D.I., simply mention your piece in my comments section and say, “I wonder if Princess D.I. would mind wandering over to my blog today and checking out my post.” Princess D.I. will do so and chances are, you will find yourself “Decently Ironed”.
It also placed Silver Bird on “Rating Watch”, with a negative outlook, it said.
The red knight delivered one last hit, and we had officially won the competition.
Shabazz Muhammad began to tire when the Stags went to a four guard set on offense and tried to deny him the ball by filling in the passing lanes on defense, but the high school All American still came up with big plays in the second half. Marcellous Bell and Jairus Lyles helped DeMatha trim a 13 point lead down to 2, but that would be the closest that they would ever get. The Cookie Monster and Jerami Grant were both in foul trouble, and neither was particularly effective on the offensive end. Kelvin Howard also got a start for the Stags but he didn’t wind up producing any points.
From the film "The Paleface" (1948)
life cycle is the why.
The day was not a total loss, however. I learned that if you’re far away from home and call 1-800-TO-WELLS, talk to a Wells Fargo banker, and tell her that you need the location of the Wells Fargo ATM nearest the intersection of 9th and State Street, she will then tell you the locations of the ATMs closest to your house.
And there’s the music. It ranges from the heavy metal to the classical, but it all follows the same tunes, all over the galaxy—if you enter a subway station during the celebrations, they’ll be playing Snow Is Falling. If you go into a department store, a singer is singing Peace Be With You. If you walk into a park, chances are they’ve got their speakers up and the lyrics to White Is My Dream seem to dance around through the lights.
46.Clench you fist. Fist clenching is an overt sign that you are angry, frustrated, or holding back your opinions.
March 21st (Wednesday) : Yokohama
So there I was…doing a blog check before Praise Team practice. The band was busy getting plugged in and setting their levels. The 3 singers…well we were just hanging out playing with our phones and checking in with families. It was after 8:00 pm my time, after midnight blog time, and I just wanted to see the final tally of the day. There was a notification! “I love notifications!” I pressed the little number and out popped the announcement.
Male (30s/Over): Jack, Wilfred.
And now a peak into Mona's studio.
10:30am: Famous New Orleans Cocktails. A really nice history of the cocktails that were born and bred in NOLA as told by Chris McMillian (bar historian extraordinaire) and Philip Green (descendant of the Peychaud's family) from The Museum of the American Cocktail.
I checked her old posts on Stripper Web to see if she had said anything about this when I was writing it up. She hadn’t, but I did find this old post of mine from October 14th, 2007 where I elaborated on something I wrote about previously.
4. Someone Else's Dad suggests to Someone Else that he remake Someone's music video for soft rock song about coffee.
All the love you can give,
When I refer to Excellence, I know there are already lots of examples of excellence throughout the DHB but we want to link them up and start making sure that everybody experiences them, every day.
It’s real easy Dean. Sign up 200 members and you’ll be the MLA.”
Over 35 studios will be open
Tarit Datta Gupta (tarit)
Colonials Fans -
Le coeur lui manque, le heaume retombe,
The hope is the sheer variety of the USA, and it's endless capacity for re-invention, might see the Republicans reject theocracy, and Democrats reject punk Keynesian "economics". Both parties need to rein in the Bureaucracy, embrace free trade, basic social liberalism, and balanced budgets, because the world's demand for T-Bills will not last forever, as one day soon a billion Chinese or Indians will be as rich and more powerful than 300m Americans.
Breath prayer is a meditative prayer in which we pause, slow down and focus on God’s presence. The repetition allows us to ponder our words deeply, to feel it them in the core of our being. The short phrase is prayed in rhythm with ones breathing so that, in a sense, we are praying our petition or praise with the very rhythm of life. 1 Thessalonians 5:17 says, “pray continually.” As our prayer becomes as natural as breathing, we may be able to pray without ceasing. Our breathing becomes a prayer. Breath prayer helps me stay connected to God all day. It soothes my heart and sings to my soul.
Sar
She says say cheese. She says now that was much faster than a painting, wasn’t it?
I get a lot of people asking me how I manage to have 3 children under 5 and still have time to create, blog and have a tidy house. And the answer is I don't!! Some weeks I don't get a chance to do any crafting and most days my washing pile is on a couch instead of in drawers. I think there is more to life than having the washing put away every day though!!! And my husband still cooks more than I do. I seemt o go through spates of cooking heaps than fading away again. This week I've been pretty good but who knows how long that will last! Having 3 children under 5 is so unbelievably full on - I think some people think that I make it look easy and therefore I have quite a cruisy life with lots of time for crafting and time on the computer!!! The reason it probably looks 'easy' when in fact it isn't is just that I have had more practice so I can cope with a baby okay compared to my first baby. Jack is a really good day sleeper and sleeps for maybe 3- 3 a half hours a day. So in a typical week I have approx 6 hours a week in broken bits (and that doesn't count cleaning, tidying and all the other admin jobs that need doing to run a family) to do all that I do without children right in front of me (I have two days a week without the girls here.) And that's time just at home as obviously I've always got at least one child with me if I have to go anywhere during the week. The rest of the time I either have one, two or three children with me.
If this is just an iota of the love that God feels for us, His adopted children, it's a love that I can't even wrap my brain around. I worship my God. I adore my husband. But the love for my children, all six of them, is an unexplainable, protective love that knows no boundaries. Blood may be thicker than water, but a mother's love for something that has been given to her by God himself is stronger than any human can logically understand.
- Digital images must be in JPEG format and no larger than 1724 pixels, 72 dpi.
Butcher block counter tops stained in a dark rich brown
Here's a DVD collection of some of the best movie title music from the 60's and 70's...except for Humse Hai Zaman (1983) and Rattan (1944).
Rogue I²PA Newport, Oregon, Imperial IPA, 9.5% abv
#2. As predicted, we did dance to this last night. THE ENTIRE SONG. The whole damn thing. Did I say phew?
an' when it's time for leavin', I hope you'll understand.
But as we've seen with Star Trek and the Villas Boas abduction or The Outer Limits and possible intelligence Leslie Stevens might have been privvy to through his powerful family, Binder might have been hesitant to openly write about sensitive information he'd gotten through his own high-placed connections in the military or aeronautical fields.
Normally, the these reproductions pieces exercises might be put into 5 levels:
Even without pitching, we get numerous invitations daily from producers for our reporters to appear on their programs, so coordinating interviews is my primary responsibility.
In the Raspberry Tree.
Hylopites (Home-Made Pasta)
I have slept on my bedroom floor for the last two nights because my back has ‘gone’ again. If I move in certain positions, it is like someone stabbing a Samurai sword into me and twisting it.
“They have all the time to implement the reforms now but they are not doing it,” she said, reiterating that the April 28 sit in will be held as a protest against Putrajaya’s lack of political will to ensure reforms are in place before the coming polls.
Sanity: Obviously none!
So yeah,
And this was supposed to be a post about how much I hate Fanny Price. Going off on a tangent about the ridiculousness of the interpretation of the word ‘feminist.’ THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU CAN’T SPEAK THE LOCAL LANGUAGE WELL ENOUGH TO EXPRESS YOUR IDEAS! PEOPLE HAVE INTERESTING CONVERSATIONS ABOUT RELIGION OR NOT GETTING MARRIED DESPITE THE SILLY STANDARDS AND QUESTIONS OF ‘TURNING INTO AN OLD MAID’ BECAUSE YOU DON’T WANT TO MARRY A VILLAGE DRUNK AND ALL YOU CAN DO IS SIT QUIETLY IN THE CAR OR IN THE BAR AND NOD AND LISTEN BECAUSE YOU DON’T KNOW HOW TO GET THE DAMN IDEAS OR ARGUMENTS OUT! IT GETS ALL BUBBLED UP AND ANY TOPIC SEEMS LIKE THE MOST INTERESTING ONE IN THE WORLD SO LONG AS YOU CAN RATIONALIZE IT, TO AN EXTENT!
this sovereign, sought for sober thought,
Throwing a bartender in the mix acts as a buffer for both the customer and the dancer. The bartender acts as the middleman, the innocent party if you will. While the customer and dancer are busy sizing each other up, the bartender is busy lubricating the newly acquainted couple with alcohol. The customer knows that the odds are in his favor. His wallet can have any girl he desires in the strip club. But he knows that the one girl he doesn't stand a chance of being able to have an intimate, one-on-one interaction with is the female bartender. If the female bartender plays her cards right by flashing a few smiles and having a friendly chat with the customer, the customer's desire is more likely to leave her a bigger tip.
VIVIENNE: Sprite
Give Me Strength
Can be difficult to find and expensive
It’s great to get your pieces by the pound, in this case 26lbs of colorful sets. Cajun Chess sells the pieces the kids in our programs adore and these came via Susan Polgar.
5. List all the around the house jobs you need done. Everyone thinks ambition is sexy! While holding one another after sex, simply list all the chores that need to get done around the house and at work. This is a major turn on for most people.
You can do it at the same time as reading it, so it’s pretty simple. All you have to be, is ‘open to the possibility of’.
I also included one of Dylan’s Senior pictures inside the invitation…..Here’s one of my favorites of my cutie patootie!!!!! I’m SO proud of him….
* Click on "Get Tickets"
And a board of all of the places I've already been to.
I can’t deny that the action is good and the graphics pretty top notch, there’s only so much you can polish a turd. Battleship is entertaining enough for the masses and intriguing and expensive enough to bring in audiences regardless of what’s said against it. Just heed my warning that if you do go see it then you’ll probably only enjoy it if you were the one growing up who ruined everyone else’s fun by shoving the ships up your nose.
We bought a motel down the coast; that idea was not inspired!
"I thought you'd like it. I thought vintage when I thought of you and baby when I thought of Baby so easy peasy."
RR: How did you come up with the name Light Bulb Alley?
Many youths between the years 1935 and 1975 learned their craft and landed contracts (such as Marion Zimmer and later Wilum Hopfrog Pugmire, Jr), became critics or editors (Sam Moskowitz), or went on to write for radio, television, and movies (Arthur C Clarke is one example). As they say, cream rises to the top.
It’s still so painful. It’s still so crushing. It’s still so completely devastating to have lost the best friend I ever had in my life. My sweet, little Desi dog.
I really want to do this because every third Thursday the Bulk pick up in our town takes away everything.
I love this guy so much.
Turned out my instincts were correct. These swinging doors once hung at the entrance of the bar at the old Hoffman House, one of the most famous hotels ever to grace Manhattan. It held up the west side of Madison Square from 1964 to 1915 and was the last word in urbane, Gilded Age luxury. It was a hangout for Democrats and their supporters; Grover Cleveland was a frequent guest. And the bar's fame was wide. The walls were decorated with opulent murals and the cocktails were first rate.
Seventeen is such a magical age. Like flowers, the rich potential of humankind begins to blossom within. Our minds and hearts start to relish in the moments when life takes us. We begin to see the winding journey ahead. We feel the thrill of being lost in the ‘be.’ Our hearts are swollen with hopes for our futures. So many possible stories –endless people and places to experience within our lifetimes! So many tales to feel, tell and see!
This week we are the proud papas and mamas of literally over a 100 baby mealworms!!
So if I had it all to do over again, I wouldn’t have laughed. I would have found that woman after the breakfast, and this is what I would have said.
What about you? Do you feel hampered by industry’s word-count limits, or do you find the guidelines helpful? Do you wonder, especially with the growing popularity of e-readers, if this limitation is becoming irrelevant? Have you been told by an agent or editor you need to cut — and if so, how did it affect your story?
unschoolers just keep following that same informal model.
I always think it’s so strange when you can go skiing in the morning, and then come home and have it be 75 degrees and beautiful. That’s just what happened this weekend.
with a naked passion
Love that song!
It will be ANZAC day on 25th April, and it's the first time we're really going into it much with the children. These are the resources I chose to use with my 6 and 7 year old - of course check them first by yourself to make sure you think they're suitable.
“The Old Testament is filled with references to the long struggle to end human sacrifice, often portrayed as part of the struggle between Yahweh and the pagan gods,” writes author Tad Crawford in his book,“The Secret Life of Money: How Money Can Be Food for the Soul.”Crawford added that human sacrifice has been practiced by many cultures throughout history. He writes:
Just a quick post today ... I haven't abandoned the blog, just had to take time out for gallbladder surgery this past week. I'm feeling better (yes, knitting has resumed) and letting my family take care of me for a few days.
Well that's all I got today. Plenty right? lol! Have you entered your cards in to this week's challenge? If not, you still have time. Go here to upload your card or project and remember to follow the challenge details and upload a direct link to your post else you won't be considered for this week's prize or our top 3. Mahalo for stopping by today for two posts! Hope you all have a lovely Wednesday!
prohibited by law. We also allow readers, authors, and publishers to express their views freely about these titles and other products we offer on our website.
I guess it's good for all of us to go "back to school" and revisit concepts that may have gotten old to us, or overlooked--buried under the carpet, so to speak! LOL! I haven't really considered the New Year to be a time of thinking "back to school" thoughts, but it really is. My boys have had about a month off, and they dug in this week, revisiting those familiar books and concepts that have been gloriously overlooked during our break! But it is definitely a good thing to get back into our routine, back into the books, and back into life as lived the other eleven months of the year!
I hung up the phone and got online immediately. To find a cello. There was one for sale in Woodland Hills, for two hundred dollars. Which is a fantastic deal. It’s also more than the job pays. I wrote to the lady to ask if she would consider renting the cello for just one day. I offered to leave my laptop with her, for collateral. She said no.
With lack of health and sexual education, our bodies suffer. We need better education.
I mentioned earlier that i'd be posting some process from our Go Play illustration or ESPN agazine, sorry it is a bit delayed!
9) The 2000 election by judicial fiat (oh, man, the "Brooks Brothers Riot," Katherine Harris, "Sore-Loserman"... ah, memories!)
110. A long weekend for extra time with my family.
Is there really nothing else to do?
Focus on the most important and urgent task at hand, complete it, and move on.
My name is called out in the silence, even though the market is not silent at all. The world is polluted with noise but my heart remains dead to the world. The clanking of sestertius’ being exchanged in the market stalls clink to the beat of my thundering heart that is furiously pounding away. I recognize that voice.
You can find the recipe online here, but in a nutshell, this burger is comprised of beef mince, sun-dried tomatoes, capers, cornichons (for which I substituted gherkins) and fresh herbs (I only used coriander and dried tarragon and skipped the thyme). The burgers are browned to medium rare on each side:
Okay, so America has the Fiat Abarth (finally). But come on now, a Fiat Abarth… vintage edition. Just look at the size of this car, completely decked out with racing stripes. A nice looking vehicle, but imagine how this would look in the heart of Texas… where everything is bigger. Now lets take it one step farther…
“However, the crisis is not over,” he added. “It can only be resolved with a combination of rains and continued, coordinated, long-term actions that build up the resilience of local populations and link relief with development.”
Well, I have a few, definitely when it’s that time of the month again but what I really hate is when someone doesn’t clean the sink after having used it. Ok this sounds crazy, but I’m a neat freak and the rest of my family isn’t. Each and every time I clean the house (that’s 3 times a week) half an hour later someone probably spilled something, left remnants of toothpaste in the sink/on the mirror or left some worn, dirty socks in the couch.
11 Red River Waltz (La Valse De La Riviere Rouge)
In May 2011, the government launched a coordinated attack against the BIHE–raiding dozens of homes, confiscating computers and materials and detaining eighteen professors and administrators. Seven of those arrested have received four or five year prison terms– their only crime: educating the youth in their community. Education Under Fire is a campaign designed to help mitigate the effects of these discriminatory policies and to raise awareness of the importance of defending Article 26 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which guarantees education as an inalienable right of every human being.
The final straw: peanuts in the shell, littered all over his yard. George was deathly allergic and although he had been careful as he cleaned up, he must not have been careful enough.
You don't have to worry 'cause you have no money,
I am here (le coq Gaulois),
"I exist." Daphne said.
In barbecuing some chicken breasts last weekend, I used my go-to brine, rub and mop that I use for most poultry whether grilling, barbecuing, baking or roasting. This might be the first time I actually wrote it down as I prepared each step. Of course, I normally change out a few ingredients from time to time depending on the outcome of the meal. Mexican or Western, South Seas or Oriental, Southern, Cajun or Creole - whatever you fancy, you can change out a few spices to better suit the overall taste. I also added a glaze to half of the chicken at the end.
Me: "Not such a great thing when you're pregnant."
On Thursday, Robert should undergo some more surgery in order to stabilise the fractures to his right shoulder and right foot. Three or four days later, another operation will allow his elbow fracture to be stabilised as well.
* Hellbound Glory. This is a good, rowdy country rock (they call it "scumbag country") group from Reno, Nev. featuring a lap steel and a stand-up bass -- but no drummer on Saturday (except singer/guitarist Leroy Virgil, who sat on an played a bass drum on some tunes) Opening with Billy Joe Shaver's "Georgia on a Fast Train" they show a fine grasp of the spirit of '70s outlaw country. Though playing mostly originals, Hellbound later in the show did a fine version of David Allen Coe's "You Never Even Called Me By My Name" (with an updated verse to make it the "perfect country western" song.)
Standing before the glow
Got any hot tips, insider info or art news you want to break fast? No one does it faster for the Chicago scene than Art or Idiocy?
The department refused to say how much they cost, but sources told The Sunday Times the figure was about $7000.
Other Bokeh Shots that you’ll really enjoy
$97615
Gifted with a natural Yorkshire "down-to-earth" manner as well as a beautiful vocal tone, Miss Garrett is rightly regarded as a "national treasure", and lauded for her place in taking opera to the masses (a trend that has continued ever since with the likes of Katherine Jenkins and Russell Watson, and of course Classic FM today). Here are some clips of the lady herself...
Direct IV. Watch over the hearts and lives of one another, judging the condition of each other’s souls, and the strength or weakness of each others sins and graces, and the failings of each others lives, so that you may be able to apply to one another the most suitable help. (32)
UPDATE!
I only knew that it was scheduled for demolition in January. I drove by one night last week and saw an empty space in the park, covered with snow.
Be a public follower of Amy Day to Day via GFC. Double check and make sure and then leave a comment telling me you are and what you'd use the gift card on.
"Okay?"
Arrogance, pride, deception, and manipulation have no place in leadership! Start paying your people what they’re worth, rewarding them with the things they value individually, and giving the credit for your successes to those who do the work . . . your TEAM.
The RSPCA, which also inherited £30,000 in premium bonds from Mr Brown, said: ‘Mr Brown wished us not to sell the land for building though this wasn’t a binding condition of the will. The RSPCA has used the money for its animals.’ You mean it's used it on yet more soft furnishings for its plush headquarters, or fancy PR campaigns for political policy, or smooth-talking lawyers to try to squeeze another drop out of a bequest?
7. Paste the AFN in the Relationship Finder page and click “Finished.”
It’s about perspective. From her finite view, that task seemed redundant.
Then the buttermilk. If you don't have buttermilk do this: add half a teaspoon of malt vinegar to a cup (225ml) of milk. Stir until it curdles then put in the bowl with the dry ingredients.
So the offer is on the table, sacrifice a few words to the COMMENTS section and we're willing
Me - "Isn't it important for me to believe in myself though?"
1 blinds
Friday – A woman has rekindled a relationship with an ex-boyfriend, who is dealing with the problems that he has with the woman he dated when he was away. They ran a business together and this boyfriend’s ex uses the business as a way to be mean and manipulative. It is putting a strain on this reconciliation.
So it's in the mail on it's way to my mom's so I had to tell her to keep off my blog. LOL!! What I like about this piece is sure it's a card but it's also a nice decoration or candy holder. hee hee
He was already working at his memoir in 1987, saying he was using a Braille word processor. “I think there are a lot of things to be told from my view — the world of sound and feel,” he said. Years earlier, in a 1953 AP interview, he had said he referred to his blindness as little as possible because, “I want to get by as a human being, not as a blind person.”
"Bishop Sheen, you have inspired millions of people all over the world. Who inspired you? Was it a Pope?"
It's not bad going for me as most of this has been done in lunch breaks from work. I've had time off for the Easter break too, and today got out to write in a cafe for the first time in a LONG time.
Oh, God, her mind panicked. She scrambled under the dining room table. The ceiling is falling!
Last but not least ... Forget-me-nots. Thank you Pat for reminding me how welcome these spring flowers are ... they' re taking over my small backyard as we speak ... but I welcome them and their cheery disposition ... they bring joy & colour to my world and to the rest of the world.
Of course Project Venus is tiny compared to Animee. But I'd be fascinated to see a side-by-side tasting of the two, and see which women prefer.
Even though these stories are not going to tax your intellectual and philosophical (or should I say filosofical?) acumen, they are quite enjoyable and while you are relaxing with the book you may find that an important nugget of truth has moved in behind your defenses. And you will most likely be glad it did.
feelings without sense,
Costume College ended nearly a week ago, and I've been so abominably busy that I haven't had time to write about it! Of course, it was a BLAST. There is nothing quite equal to a full weekend spent among fellow costumers. I always come away overwhelmed by the creative energy, and with sore cheeks from continually grinning at the fabulousness I see everywhere.
SPECTACULAR SCENE OF THE YEAR (Last year’s winner was The Tram Crash, Coronation Street)
because at no point in the convoluted mess that is he and I to each other
Here is a card I made using the sketch for the current challenge. I took the sketch and flipped it around for my card.
Any questions please send me a message and l will reply as soon as possible
The little butterfly is made with an embossing stencil....something I purchased ages ago but forget all about! I keep meaning to make a list of all my hidden goodies, but that hasn't happened yet!
What I didn't twig was that the problem was not persistence. It was about admitting that I'd gone left instead of going right. At first I didn't notice that I made that wrong turn. And when I did I didn't want to turn back. I mean, all that plot wasted! All that character development lost! All those hours writing all those words! All that coffee!
Tourists can either take local buses from various points within the city to reach this temple located in South Delhi, or they can take auto-rickshaws and taxis or metro rail.
Liars are cowards! People who avoid confrontations are also cowards! People who avoid others just to get rid of them are cowards! What is wrong with just saying, “We have nothing in common anymore, I don’t think this friendship is working”?!
when Felix was left with a letter from his dad
In pruning, we go through life experiences, enriching us and we should treat those moments as learning and not punishment. Anyway, God will put a test till we cannot take it any longer. 1 Corinthians 10:13 “God is faithful; He will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear.” And will provide a way out too because we have to believe everything is possible with God. (Mark 9:23)
The mass market, previously served by paperbacks, will probably move the other way. There will be ever cheaper paperback editions produced for supermarkets and book clubs, the emphasis being on affordability and personal choice… if a chain can provide these paperbacks at competitive prices to the public, then maybe there will even be a new type of discount bookstore, perhaps with POD machines, springing up in out-of-town shopping centres? But the unicorn thinks that once e-readers become more affordable and are given away in cereal packets, much of this mass market reading will be in eformat.
Iván Meade - How does this item reflect upon your personal design philosophy?
Kamla blames PNM for Hanging Bill woes.
Pentimento Flushing.
Important Questions-
Skills: Fighting-d10, Intimidation-d12, Notice-d8, Psionics-d10, Swimming-d12
I’ll announce the winner on Friday, April 27, 2012. I’ll use the random number generator at www.random.org to pick a winning blog comment, and the winner will have 24 hours to email me at keepitupdavid@gmail.com to claim their prize. If it goes unclaimed after 24 hours, I’ll pick another winner and reset the clock for 24 hours, and so on.
This time we spent one week on Blidö north of Stockholm and one of the bigger islands with about 130 houses and a regular ferry service. My sister was there, my cousin and his children... they spent not hours but days trying to catch small fish with their landing nets.... bliss.
Celebrate the new 2011 year with wine, music and dancing presented by Sacramento Wine and Nightlife Tours, Inc. There will be an open wine bar, complimentary appetizers, a DJ, live entertainment, and midnight champagne toast. Come single, as a couple, or even bring your kids and take advantage of their nanny service. The nanny service will be operated by licensed professionals and the location will only be open to those who have children using the service. Children 3-14 accepted, $20 for the first child and $10 for each additional.
Enter the “second generation underwear bomb,” and be very afraid, America, because “this one might have worked.” Notice the “might” in that purportedly alarming statement, which naturally comes from “undisclosed sources” who have the bomb in their possession and “will examine it” and “test its explosive power against airplanes.”
My favourite out of the three made was the aptly named Secret Orchard. A blend of Stolichnaya Apple (50ml), Elderflower (15ml) and Creme de Fraise (15ml) shaken and strained into a Martini glass. Perfection!
But Brian Duxbury, representing the city, told Goldkind that there is a narrow set of issues that are in conflict between the two parties.
I want The Program to be one of physical AND mental health. I know that I am a product of my culture and I know that culture has taught me that super thin is best and that if you are fat you are a lazy loser. I can internalize this stuff like crazy even though I consider myself to be a pretty level-headed lady! It is doing me no good, in my quest for health, to be thinking negative thoughts about my body parts. This body spent nine months creating a HUMAN LIFE for goodness sake. It has created a miracle and I am so grateful for my daughter (especially since there were quite a few health scares throughout the pregnancy and delivery.) My body deserves my gratitude and respect, not shame and hatred. So… the newest tenet is that every time I think a negative thought about a part of me, I have to come up with a positive one immediately. For instance if I think, “oh my stomach is so flabby and has ugly stomach rolls” then I need to immediately say to myself “Wow this stomach housed what I hold most dear in life for nine months and I don’t have many stretch marks – Thank you wonderful stomach.” I think this Tenet may sound a little cheesy but actually be incredibly powerful and maybe even transforming.
1) Brenda called me over to the customer service desk to ask me to clean the carpets in the front entrances using a Rug Doctor. I’ve used a Rug Doctor once or twice in my day, so I told her no problem. I said, Brenda, those carpets will be so clean when I get through, you could open your recently-purchased groceries and make a sandwich on them.
The dog gets mauled and my body decides to strike in sympathy.
(Next Up: What’s your first impression of a retail environment?)
Me- " Oh yeah, which bones?"
We're making every day of the week a CAS-ual Friday! Be sure to 'like' our facebook page so you can get your daily dose of new inspiration!
The man was found hours later and had virtually every bone in his face broken, Christl said.
sister-in-law lived with them and took care of the kids, and if it truly took them a year to find a nanny, then they are entirely too picky). She also got very melodramatic and said she will have to quit her job if she can't find childcare. She was just plain RUDE that entire day and I am dreading work on Monday. I am dreading the next month.
“What? Why?” I asked.
Some Features
“I came upon the dwemer ruins from my dream shortly after. Rajiir believes them to be called Mzinchaleft. Rajiir approached the ruin from the hills overlooking them, careful to avoid detection. I found an excellent perch overlooking the main courtyard, and I crept low to watch. I allowed myself to become the Hunter… to slip into that darkly focused place where the laws of Hircine ruled and Rajiir simply sat by and watched. After nearly an hour of observation, he had learned the bandit’s patterns. The Hunter drew his bow silently and lined up his first shot, taking in the quiet of the world. All of the beauty in Skyrim seemed to disappear, paling in comparison to the beauty of the Hunter’s art. All of the noise went away. The birds chirping in the sky…the winds rushing over the snow-burdened hills and through the tall trees. Everything was silent; the calm before the storm. Beautiful.
So back to the cheesecake, I was keeping it simple with the decoration. Well, to be honest, I was trying to find the fastest decoration I can do since there was really no time to do anything else :).
This is quiet technical , but there is a lot more information on this subject out there if you so wish to look for it.
Mark Otty, Area Managing Partner Ernst & Young Europe, Middle East, India and Africa says, “With rapid-growth markets not only dominating investor attention and capital flows, but also playing an increasingly strategic role in defining the global economic agenda, the competition for global FDI is intensifying. African countries must position themselves appropriately in this shifting landscape to attract a greater proportion of the investment that will accelerate growth and development.”
We won’t tease you any longer…if anyone knows how badly waiting sucks…it’s us!
Everyone is also keeping a close eye on J.B. Mauney, who is currently the top ranked rider in the world. He is competing with a torn MCL and skipped out on a pair of Touring Pro events this week to rest his right knee.
As usual, the president's lackeys in the media ignored this, but the Mexican and Canadian press reported the real story. And as you'll see, Canada's PM Stephen Harper, a staunch U.S. ally (or at least he used to be) was unusually blunt.
Written and Illustrated by Laura C. Martin. Ages 9-12.
Entries are to be linked up over in the sidebar no later than 11.59pm Monday April 30th 2012 to be in the running for one of this month's sponsor vouchers.
Everybody flip-flops, U-turns, ke belekang pusing sometimes. There might be some topics where you’d hold unwavering views. And then there are some things that you could change your mind on. And then there are things you say just because. But politicians, pundits and other public figures, when they speak, especially during election time, that when the fun begins…
Even though I go cold turkey for days, internet access is like a far from superfluous extra limb. It dangles somewhere cerebrally prominent, possibly trailing like a pony tail from the back of the head (and as my brother-in-law is wont to remark, we all know what is found under a pony's tail).
And it is damned impressive both before and after it does.
All great Popcorn Sci-Fi includes the relationship of a hero and his transport.
Let it set in the fridge for at least 1h before filling the macarons.
Cut a ring out of the background fabric, outer circle first. Place the compass point at the center seam intersection, or align the template crosshairs with the middle seams. Cut a six-inch circle. Take the central circle and cut a 5-inch circle. Discard the 1/2" ring.
The documentary (PJ20 directed by Cameron Crowe) chronicles their career. How they came together. How they became successful. Their influences. Their tragedies. How affected they all were from the monstrosity of fame that, at some points, crushed their vibe. And at some points forced reactions and tempted breaks - yet, somehow, they remain. True. Together. Which, I think, is the most beautiful thing of all. This band, among other things, helped shape me into the person that I am today. Their political outcries. The issues that they decided to take on, is really incendiary. Them as individuals, them as a band, them as human beings in the world; are inspirational. The melodies. The lyrics. The energy. The imprint they have left and will leave, in the world, is the most graceful tear that hangs inside my soul forever. That was a Jeff Buckley lyric.
Dexter was busy singing and hopping. He also wins the prize of being my favorite child..... as he fell asleep first.
I am currently under strict instructions from the Doctor and nurses to take it easy and rest up. This instruction has not been very popular with me but needs must – for once I will not be stubborn and I will grudgingly do as I am told as I desperately need to get better and recover from the surgery I had in December – I want my life back!!!!
On Facebook there's been a fair amount of jackoff nonsense on a couple of unschooling discussion pages, with people stirring up 100+ response topics and then deleting all or some of the discussion. So I'm bringing this here before it goes down someone's drain. The guy I quote and was responding to already pulled all of his stuff after being a butt to many nice unschoolers who were voluntarily offering years of experience.
I’ve just been investigating why a certain report ran slow last night.
The Blonde looked up at me with a wry grin on her face (and a speck of porridge on her chin)
Lesson Learned: Journal your way to a thinner you!
The BBC in London has issued a statement saying it is urgently seeking explanations over the apparent doctoring of one of its news reports by the Malaysian satellite broadcaster Astro.
Not sure why there is such a discrepancy, but again, they are only comparing physical books to digital books. I suppose it is asking too much to compare the footprint of an all-print diet with an all-digital diet. However, I think there are more and more readers (in theU.S.anyway) who have ditched all of their printed newspapers, magazines, and books in favor of their counterparts on the iPad, Kindle, or Nook. So, if such a comparison is possible, I think it would provide a far more accurate view of the potential environmental benefits of digital over print. My gut reaction is based upon my own reading habits. There was a time when I read two printed newspapers a day, a few magazines a month, and maybe a dozen books a year. In such a case, becoming a digitarian has got to be better for the environment, right? Whatever nastiness that goes into building an iPad and supplying it with content must pale in comparison to the gook created from the printing and transport of piles and piles of printed material, yes?
When an employee does not do what you expect… what could be the reason?
His mother explained how he was fascinated by police officers and so I did my best to include him in the 'rescue' operation. I could tell he was excited to have a police officer in his own backyard as he stayed right next to me the whole time.
– A clown killed my family.
Last year, Conroy made news by playing a squad almost entirely made up of freshmen. Some of them actually showed promise (albeit while only winning two games against Division I competition), so perhaps he can be the coach to lead the Bulldogs to the promised land – the NCAA tournament. I’m rooting hard for him – he’s a nice guy – but it’s going to be very, very tough. When The Citadel beat South Carolina that cold night in 1989, Conroy was quoted as saying the victory would be “the one we’ll remember all our lives.” Winning the Southern Conference title as head coach of The Citadel would be a much more memorable moment.
There are clearly major issues with the BHA plan as detailed previously. With the new draft Local Development Framework (LDF) due out in a few weeks it makes perfect sense to refuse this application as being ‘premature’. That decision would create a breathing space during which everybody can reflect on the best way forward.
Paper is k & company and vintage sheet music. Used my Slice for the wings, the girl (both cartridge) and the cut out of "party" ( cartridge).
According to scholars, Georgia’s history can be traced back to the ancient kingdoms of Colchis and Iberia. Georgia was one of the first countries to adopt Christianity in the 4th century. It reached the peak of its political and economic strength during the reign of King David and Queen Tamar in the 11th and 12th centuries; was annexed by the Russian Empire at the beginning of the 19th century; gained a brief period of independence; was annexed by the Soviet Red Army in 1921; then was incorporated into the Soviet Union in 1922 until the breakup of the Soviet Union and Georgia’s declaration of independence in 1991.
Five weeks ago, after a leisurely (and flat) run along the Carlsbad coast, a couple of running friends were talking about the Catalina Marathon and how excited they were to run it. Jeff looked over at me and said "you should sign up, you would love it, it's full of hills." Knowing that five weeks wasn't quite enough time to prepare for a marathon, I responded, "no thanks, but have fun." Jeff sent me an email that night with a link to pictures of the course. I'm not sure how Jeff knew about my infant-like response to pretty pictures; I hit the "Register" button before I had a chance to view the course profile or plan for babysitters or reserve a hotel or a boat trip over to the island. But, once I hit "Register," I was committed and the logistical details fell into place soon afterward.
I got out at the first place I came to. I opened the door, stuck my head in and almost took it right back out again. If I had had time to think about it, I would have been sure that I would die of asphyxiation due to the smell of chemicals in there. But . . . it was a snowy day and though this salon was open unlike the last one, there was no one in it except the proprietress, who, more quickly than I could think about asphyxiation, said, “hellocomeincanihelpyoutoday?” I’m a lousy liar to begin with, and besides, there was no way I could pretend she was talking to someone else even if I were a good one. So I told her yes, she could.
Step 3: Become a ghost who lost his cell phone, broke his computer, and all of his friends died. Be completely unavailable. This is an in-case-she-hasn't-figured-it-out-yet step. Usually step 1 and 2 do the trick. But this is your safety net. Pretend you never get on facebook, check your email, or have a social life at all. Like I said earlier. If she doesn't get it by this step, maybe talk to her, or get a restraining order.
NOTE: Category 2 is exempt from the pre-January 15, 2012 contest start date for obvious reasons, but if you are entering in this category, you are not to pick that project up and continue it until midnight (00:00 hours) January 15, 2012.
reloading past lives' future dreams
Every town should have one
Then He hung that gift upon the cross yes He did
* Alexe Gilles
Alan Gottlieb, a longtime advocate of the Second Amendment, has just created www.nointernettax.org to alert Americans to yet another threat to our privacy to oppose any kind of an Internet tax.
"Thank You!"
Strengths: Even though I didn't want to read yet another medieval fantasy, I was oddly drawn into this one. Great cover. The fact that it will be a trilogy and not something longer makes me somewhat inclined to purchase this.
It is, of course, sad that we still don’t have anything approaching parity in media representations of women in any genre. We still get a lot of female roles that boil down to formless girlfriend/wife/mother/harridan paper dolls. We have more roles with women professionals these days, but even then, they tend to be one-dimensional. How many female cops/doctors/lawyers on procedurals are more-or-less interchangeable (not that their male counterparts aren’t, of course)?
We finished the trip to a visit to Estate of Confusion, which was a glorified junk yard where two random guys make up prices. Think I'm kidding? One guy quoted Alaina $20 for a galvanized trash can and when I asked the other guy he said $5 or 10... I think $5 I can't remember now. Score for her!
These Albertans that, each day, work 18 hours deserve to get more than just another day older and deeper in debt. That’s where people directing their output towards enriching communities come in. You know, those artsy folks.
I'm so very sad for them and our family and her family and for me. For the niece I love so much and for tandi who would have been her BFF. But I'm glad that she'll have a guided tour of Heaven with Sophia and a BFF up there.
I was very excited to start this book. Not only am I a big fan of Poe (author of short story "The Masque of the Red Death," an inspiration for this story) but I saw a lot of rave reviews. Additionally I knew there was a boy named Will and I adore YA boys named Will.
Copyright 2012 By Charlotte Digregorio.
"Oh, please! Don't give me so much credit. I was doing it so he'd look like that much more of a jerk for being so loud and obnoxious." We both laughed. "Finally, when his b.s. was getting too deep, I lost patience with him and walked out of the house! Pretty easy, since I hadn't even gotten my coat off, and my car keys were still in my hand. And since he was naked except for his robe, I knew he couldn't come after me without getting dressed first. So I had time to get away."
the baby's fine.
I made an error with classes this quarter, possibly lost my scholarship for a quarter, if I bring up my GPA it will come back, "a small bump" (words from my friend Daniel) in this upcoming quarter, I am remembering that I am not the first student to make a mistake, it's just irritating, just extra money that I don't really have. Good News is next month is Scholarship month at SCAD, for some reason you only have one month out of the whole year to apply for all of the scholarships available through SCAD so I am going to apply for everything that I can, also looking at Fastweb and contests and such online, I know a couple students who are always entering in Art contests, really it's a smart idea.
Stir in the garam masala and ginger and cook until fragrant (about 1 minute) before raising the heat to high and adding the crushed tomatoes. Stir well, scraping the caramelized bits from the bottom of the pan, and bring to a boil. Pour over the chicken in the slow-cooker.
An even earlier era is evoked in the fantastic "I Feel what I Feel" which updates 60's AM pop/rock radio, all bright sunshine and harmonies. "The Choice is Yours" is the best of the up-tempo numbers, laden with hooks and great guitar licks.
11. Baby I Need You
Distilling plasma theory down to its simplest form, and with great leaps in astronomical technology (space vehicles like Cassini and Voyager, telescopes like Hubble and SOHO), we can view and photograph from earth beautiful plasma nebulae which, excited by light from nearby stars, display precisely the same formations and explosive patterns seen in electromagnetism produced in the laboratory. It is also synchronous that Voyager is only now hurtling toward interstellar space approximately 10.8 billion miles (17.4 billion kilometers) from the sun on the outer edge of the solar system. Voyager 1 has crossed into an area of deep space where the velocity of hot ionized gas, (plasma) emanating directly outward from the sun as solar wind has slowed to zero.
Now, most of the re-tellers of this story seem to find the third stonecutter to be the very model employee. Personally, if I were make the choice to let one of these three people go, I would have fired that starry-eyed dreamer. People like that are too easily disillusioned and embittered by a real struggle. But that’s just me…
However, what interests me is the lines in the leaf.
Ravenna didn’t realize she was crying until he brushed away her tears. When his mouth found hers again, she didn’t hesitate to return his kiss. He partially unlaced her dress, his fingers trailing down her spine, white-hot against her skin. His tongue flicked down her neck and across one shoulder, then the other.
5. See it made manefest into the cords, that extend through you, around and into your physcal flesh. It binds within, via what we term the ‘micro’ chakras, of which there are many.
What a wonderful and challenging roll that we have been given. There was one completely moving blog post that I read this week that I wanted to be sure to mention just in case your one of the few people that might not read this blog. Check it out. Its a MUST read.
In my little corner of the internet called a little white mouse, I fill my posts with all those little "things" that make me smile and make my days. So, when Emily invited me to post on her lovely blog, I knew I had to get it juuuust right.
1/2 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips
The other thing that happened was that I saw someone's Facebook status and it made me sad. It said:
When I was in college I took pick style classical so that was the training there. It’s only recently that I started listening to classical music. I think classical music influences everybody whether they realize it or not cause it’s such a part of popular culture underneath the surface. Now, I listen to a lot of Gershwin and Eric Copeland. But that’s just kinda stuff to relax to. The Gershwin stuff though is really helpful as a writer cause he’s really hooky and has great melodies.
AZ-05 Harry Mitchell NE-02 Lee Terry
At our last group meeting we learned a little about the transition process we are going to follow in 5 weeks. The first week we are supposed to cut back one product, and add in 4 oz of lean protein plus a half-cup of cooked vegetables. Very specific! So, for example, four ounces of salmon and a half-cup of cooked asparagus, or four ounces of chicken and a half-cup of cooked bell peppers. (Plain and simple – but poor Optifast me, my mouth is watering!)
As her official biography notes, Streisand is the only singer to have number one albums in five consecutive decades. The only performer with more Gold albums? Elvis.
angry and bitter and peeved for hours afterward. Not a whole lot of
garam masala 1/2tsp
Cash = 722.14 euro (RM2,888.56)
my request that he do a vlog with me was pretty stupid.
Push. He was alone, save for the muted voices echoing around the cavern; the screams and repetition. Push. He wanted to pull. Push. He was being pulled. Every issuance brought him closer to the cavern’s opening. Push. Blood rushed to his ears. He wanted to scream but could find no breath.
She says nothing of what she thinks
THE ABDUCTION
With a dead sound on the final stroke of nine.
God bless us, everyone.
and it links to something else I have been doing:
All that being said, I do appreciate the immense trouble that some hotels go to in creating a soft centerpiece for their rooms. Some resemble a fine sculpture, maybe something from Alexander Calder but without so many pieces hanging on wires. Travelling on business, I’ve been fortunate enough on many occasions to plop down after a long day of work and get lost in the giant mound of pillows. I was once reported missing to the U.S. consulate in Chennai, India, until a maid found me the next afternoon. It was like I had died and gone to Pier One Imports.
I have to admit that May is not a particularly good month for seasonal British fruits. Although I have noted that gooseberries and elderflowers are in season, I have to admit that they do not make an appearance in our garden or allotment until June. We toyed with the idea of watercress or asparagus but what we finally plumped for is LEMONS.
Oral cancer is deadly. The treatment is surgical removal of the affected area (sometimes disfiguring or life changing) and possibly radiation.
Excited to also announce that his work from the book will be featured in an exhibition opening today at 13FOREST Gallery in Alrlington, MA. Good luck Bob. Wish I could be there.
For Manoff, metaphorical appropriations of “archive” are not only useful for theorizing the ever-increasing growth of these collections but also for theorizing the digital in terms of its archival effects on our conceptions of history and the cultural record (385-6). As Manoff observes at the close of her essay, “archive” especially lends itself to such theorizing because the concept “carries within it both the ideal of preserving collective memory and the reality of its impossibility” (396). The musings about traditional and digital archives presented here touch upon only a few of the archival effects that digital transformations are exercising on our research practices and broader relationships with the history and knowledge. I hope others will add their thoughts about these changes and the explanatory power of “archive” to address our cultural moment.
The whole room has ears perked on our little alliance of English-speaking smarty pantses.
So this morning, I pulled my sorry butt out of bed way earlier than I have in months to drag Tyler down to the school to pay his fines. Turns out I am not the only crappy mom in the area. There was a line. However, as I stood there, Ty kept disappearing. I kept calling him back and every time I shouted his name he shrunk further into a corner to hide. He was embarrassed of me.
Tampax 18ct+
(At right, in photo by TC, Forest City Ratner employee Tom Tuffey surveys the crowd.)
and at naptimes, you are my companion.
‘Oh, life,’ he cried in his heart, ‘Oh life, where is thy sting?”
na me karma-phale spṛhā
So you say you’re God because you say you’re God, right?
The challenge this week is nice and easy … Buttons! Just add buttons to your card/project.
I have said this before and I’ll say it now, ‘It’s very tough to get bored in Delhi’. The crowd, the sound and the smell which blends perfectly with the flamboyant lifestyle of the locals and the diverse ethnicity and the culture makes Delhi so unique. Compare to other western cities, Delhi is at least 5 steps behind major Western cities in terms of infrastructure, entertainment, economy and so on. But what we have over here is natural entertainment, which you will find it everywhere.
All of us have read or heard tales of “Panchatantra” at some point of time or other in our life. These are classic animal fables attributed to have written by “Vishnu Sharma” more than two thousand years ago in Sanskrit. The origin of stories must have been still older and probably they were passed on from generations to generations through the art of story telling. I wanted to get hold of complete book and read it in Hindi and luckily found the book in recent book festival and finished reading it recently.
We decided to become a barkada. [1] Two things stood in our way: we didn’t have enough members, and we didn’t have a name. Our class was clustered into barkadas and all of them had names. The Boo Boo Bones was a barkada composed of anime freaks. The Yvanna Anne was composed of the coolest kids in class. We had to have a name, but first we had to recruit.
Of course in the grand scheme of things, the Chicago-born author achieved a relatively modest degree of success – she died in 1948 aged 55 and only one of her books (Becoming A Writer) is currently still in print. But Wake Up And Live! was a big hit in its day. It sold over two million copies in 1937 and a story based on its underlying philosophy became a much-loved Twentieth Century Fox musical starring Alice Faye and Jack (‘Tin Man’) Haley.
With time running out before they’re rescued, Pam must decide if her heart can survive the consequences of becoming Roger’s “almost” perfect 1Night Stand.
Corporate Ride 18 years and above 22 km
“Now the question is what happens when the visa expires,” said Khalaf, an insurance broker who arrived in San Diego decades ago by way of Paris. “This is a remedy, but it’s not a permanent solution.”
4 carrots, matchstick or Julienne style
what the FRACK?
NBA Finals:
Why didn’t I pick the beverage category? “This is a bottle of white wine. You open it and drink it. Perfect recipe.” Kidding, I’m sure not creative enough to come up with some crazy concoction. So I guess…not kidding. That really would be my recipe. Good thing I went with a simple side dish.
To the top of the porch! to the top of the wall!
It’ll change the way you feel towards everything, you’re giving your all to God, not just picking and choosing which times or songs to worship.
The murder of Trayvon Martin was a heinous, tragic, deliberate criminal act that should never had occurred. George Zimmerman was a paranoid, nut on a power trip that was sedulous in causing bodily harm to any black man walking the streets. Most of us know the story, Treyvon went to the store to satisfy his sweet tooth, but what he didn’t know was that he was being followed by Big Brother, while walking home. Zimmerman proceeded to follow Martin because he labeled him as suspicious. Lets remind us that this was subsequent to his 911calling, informing the dispatcher of a suspicious person wearing a black hoodie and asking if he should follow the “suspicious intruder.” Zimmerman proceeded to follow Trayvon after being told not to, minutes later the young, unarmed African American teen–17 years of age–is shot dead.
Amongst the discussion that IA's images generated was some speculation on the value of Sterling's exploration of Po-Mo with the verdict seeming to be that it was probably a wrong turn...which I wouldn't totally disagree with in the sense that in some cases (No1.Poultry for example) the classical referencing seems to have become an end in itself, but at Brunswick Park the imagery (maybe I can call it narrative imagery?) seems integral to architectural concept as a whole.
Oil - 1 tsp + more for frying
While my own disability is invisible, I am aware of the ways our society restricts people with disabilities, and one of these is in the stereotypes of characters. If you write a character with disabilities, remember that the person's dreams, desires, goals and abilities are more like the non-disabled neighbor than different. Writers should beware portraying a person with a disability as a short-cut device for implying evil, and should be just as cautious of writing about people who are superheroes because of "overcoming" their disability. Write real people, living real lives, for whom a disability is a trait or characteristic, but does not define them or provide a short-cut to implying good or evil in a character.
Inadequate disclosure in an application can lead to objections of lack of support, lack of sufficiency, lack of industrial applicability or that the application does not show that the problem has been solved (which is an objection of lack of inventive step) . Such objections are more likely if the claims are broad, and for biotech cases they often are. Therefore it is important to ensure that the application contains appropriate disclosure and data to support the claims. For inventions concerning therapy it can take many years for clinical trial data to be produced. However EPO Examiners will normally accept in vitro data that demonstrates the technical effect. Post-filing data can be filed during examination and that is often helpful.
Now Gunnlaug went from Hladir with six men to Lifangr; and, on the morning of the very day whereas Gunnlaug came in in the evening, Raven had left Lifangr with four men. Thence Gunnlaug went to Vera-dale, and came always in the evening to where Raven had been the night before.
1) the "fetal position" is for slackers, and
I have really been searching for a good, quality diaper bag! I wanted something timeless and something that would work for boy or girl. ( I do want a boy! ) I looked at Gucci diaper bags. Too expensive for what you get and..they're ugly. I like Gucci because their items are covered in "G"s and well, my last name is Gunderson. Yeah, we like Gucci.
Here's Mum at the mooring in the late 80s:
The Koreans had obviously noticed the bloody filipina in the hallway. I heard a woman scream, followed by the deafening, incessant, bass drum of K-pop. The awful korean pop music was piercing my walls; loud enough, perhaps, for plausible deniability.
ABRAHAM RITCHIE: I think you are right to question the efficacy of online petitions, and you shouldn't feel forced to sign it if your heart isn't in it. To be quite honest, just yesterday I had to unsubscribe myself from Change.org's email list because I kept on getting too many notices about new petitions to sign, it's an unending battle. I'm sorry if Trader Joe's throws out its food rather than giving it to homeless and food shelters, but that's just a fact of capitalism, and it's not my fight. This is how we operate in a capitalistic democracy--you gather together a large constituency (a market) to agitate for something better (a new product). There are some of us who will tire of the constant friction once we get the main thing we've wanted and that's not wrong, it just is.
3/4 c unsweetened chocolate almond milk (I used Blue Diamond brand)
Roberto Lanzi, president of Sanrio Consumer Products for Europe, Middle East and Africa, was speaking at a panel called "Licensing and the flourishing region: Asia", at a conference during the 10th annual Hong Kong International Licensing Show. Mr Lanzi said that he was the only speaker on the panel that did not hate counterfeits.
Onion - Australian Brown - We've not tried this variety before, but I've heard good things about it from other gardeners, especially that it stores well.
But now that I'm running a Labyrinth Lord game, I want to delve into resource management because it is part of the old school style of gaming, and I want to really immerse myself and my players in that style. To try it out, give it a fair shake. But I'm not sure how long I'm going to last!
— Herman Melville
there has only been one set of footprints in the sand.
No fear of bugs
08 - It's Hard To Be A Saint In The City
To enter you must:
and wonder if his mother made it.
Quote: A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams. ~ John Barrymore
Any effort to combat online piracy must guard against the risk of online censorship of lawful activity and must not inhibit innovation by our dynamic businesses large and small. Across the globe, the openness of the Internet is increasingly central to innovation in business, government, and society and it must be protected. To minimize this risk, new legislation must be narrowly targeted only at sites beyond the reach of current U.S. law, cover activity clearly prohibited under existing U.S. laws, and be effectively tailored, with strong due process and focused on criminal activity. Any provision covering Internet intermediaries such as online advertising networks, payment processors, or search engines must be transparent and designed to prevent overly broad private rights of action that could encourage unjustified litigation that could discourage startup businesses and innovative firms from growing.
so in honour, here's a round-up of some of my current fave DIY & handmade family tree ideas. beautiful & meaningful art we can make for our homes {see one of my other faves here.}
Background
Night of the Walking Wet
Last week, my friend invite me to try a shabu-shabu restaurant located in Epicentrum Walk, Rasuna. Well, she found a discount voucher from disdus for all you can eat shabu-shabu. Then, what’s the reason to say no! Free food, and it’s an all you can eat. But apparently, the experience wasn’t great. We ended up eating an all you can eat seafood at Piscator Seafood Buffet.
For 2012 two regulations will limit these very high front chassis designs. The front bulkhead can still be 62.5cm above the reference plane, But an area ahead of that (shaded yellow in the above picture) must be no higher than 55cm. There being a 7.5cm drop between these two surfaces, with some 15cm in which to merge the step created inbetween them.
I have tons of work in my sewing room, so I'll end now. Hope you had a blessed Easter with friends and family that loves you as much as mine do!
My original assumption of what the sleep study entailed was all wrong. I figured that once the boy was off the oxygen for a little while, they (and who "they" were was always ambiguous) would come to our house one night and check his pulse-ox while he slept. If he passed, they would take away all the oxygen equipment and declare Xander will live long and prosper.
Aww, isn’t that cute? Not really. Think about every beverage bottle (water, juice, milk) you have ever drank out of. Where is it now? Probably still around. Plastics are designed to last and last, which is why they end up in our oceans. Here is a pretty poem about it:
One time your face could always win me;
Transience is obvious in Hyakuchi’s verse,
Rock n roll was was a jubilant burst of emotions that got everyone moving. These base emotions are just not the basis for art and the implication of intentional thought or messages behind the works.
Firestarter is about Andy McGee and his daughter Charlie. Andy met Charlie’s mother in college during a medical test for a compound called “Lot 6”. This compound turned out to be a government experiment in giving people psychic abilities through drugs. The experiment was funded by the agency known as “The Shop”, which is described as being a government agency much like the FBI or CIA. The Shop’s area of expertise is scientific research. As a result of being exposed to “Lot 6” Andy gained the ability of mental domination, that is, he can make people do or think whatever he wants them to. Andy’s wife, Vicky, also gains a small amount of telekinesis power, but nothing to the extent of Andy’s power. The unexpected side effect of the drug is that when Andy and Vicky have a baby, Charlie, she too inherits powers. Charlie has the power of pyrokinesis, the ability to start fires with her mind. When The Shop finds out about Charlie’s power, they kill Vicky and attempt to kidnap Charlie. Andy is able to save Charlie, and they must go on the run. The book follows Andy and Charlie as they run from The Shop and are eventually caught (the book actually starts off with Andy and Charlie running from The Shop and we are given the rest of the back story through a series of flashbacks and memories that Andy has while they are running). Andy and Charlie are then tested by The Shop to determine the extent of the powers. Eventually Andy and Charlie attempt to escape. And that is all I’ll give away as far as that goes.
But, so, after crying about some of this and some of my fears that are coming to the surface after spending roughly 12 hours of thought birthing the past two nights, my therapist turns the topic to the drought we are having in Texas. He was attempting to illustrate that sometimes feelings follow intelligence, or something like that, but he ran with the thing about the drought and how his 40 foot oak is dying because trees of that size need 30-40 gallons of water a day and he has 30 trees that size on his property and that's, let's see (he pulls out his calculator), 1200 gallons of water a day that these trees need to survive that they just aren't getting and people just don't put enough value on things that are free in this world, like air and rain. And we need this rain, hopefully it will rain next week. So, what are you doing for this summer?
Under Article VI, section 26, of the Constitution, the only power which, in times of war or other national emergency, may be vested by Congress in the President, is the power “to promulgate rules and regulations to carry out a declared national policy.” Consequently, the executive orders issued by the President in pursuance of the power delegated to him under that provision of the Constitution, may be considered only as rules and regulations. There is nothing either in the Constitution or in the Judiciary Act requiring the vote of eight Justices to nullify a rule or regulation or an executive order issued by the President. It is very significant that in the previous drafts of section 10, Article VII of the Constitution, “executive order” and “regulation” were included among those that required for their nullification the vote of two thirds of all of the members of the Court. But “executive order” and “regulations” were later deleted from the final draft (Aruego, The Framing of the Philippine Constitution, Vol. I, pp. 495, 496), and thus a mere majority of six members of this Court is enough to nullify them.
STAGE 2 INTERVIEW:
Jennifer, who made a veggie terrine wrapped in eggplant – Graham said the spice was good and rustic, and the colors in the dish were nice. Joe called it exemplary.
What a very special event, with so many sweet memories.
She is on an adventure. So I am going to follow to see where she goes. And, even though it feels like I have been doing this forever, learn something new on the way..there's ALWAYS room for improvement.
It’s never too late. I’m sure of this.
Giving 110% – - A physical impossibility, and even if it were possible, your energy and fluids and muscles fibers would be so debilitated that you might not be able to recover
Those get lost and people can’t find you again. A quick pitch in the blog comments is OK with me—as long as it’s on-topic—but be careful because not all bloggers feel the same way. To me it shows you read the blog and engage with other readers, so a dynamite (short) comment pitch might get a request for more info.
If they were finally
Flying Fish Brewing Co
Kenny West (REP) 3.39% 125
Thursday our daughter had a GO Far, an after school running club, meeting and then she auditioned for the school talent show. In the meantime, my husband renewed our phone contract and got the boys and ourselves new phones (LG Cosmos - we now have Qwerty keyboards and unlimited texting!). So last night was spent setting up preferences and playing to see how it all works. Everyone is delighted. The only problem is they all look alike, so I'm looking for some covers (cases) to individualize us.
As you can probably imagine, Mr. V is not a fan of the show.
Time to add a new building to My Skyscraper Collection! Unfortunately for me, nowhere on the planet is there a building that’s exactly 104 stories tall, so, instead, I’m adding a 102-story building, and it just happens to be one of the most recognizable buildings ever constructed:
I took a quick visit to a one of my favourite charity shops today and was amused to find two elderly ladies tutting at a window display full of fancy dress costumes. At first I thought that someone with a serious dress up fetish had donated their collection of outfits for the love of charity, until on further inspection I realised that this charity shop has set up a fancy dress hire service!
Bernard D. Favuzza, 52, Suffern, N.Y.
We hope to bring attention to our cause to put pressure on the Kuala Lumpur Mayor to stop this hill slope project which will destroy the environment of the area.
So what do y'all think?! I am so thrilled with the way it looked and freaking stolked about the suits being NAVY! If you remeber back in my post "Gray is the new Black" I has said I originally really wanted navy but was shot down. Some times fate works in mysterious ways :-) Also notice the slight pin stripe ... do you guys approve?
Before I show the after photos, let's go back to Halloween and re-visit the previous mantel's beginning:
"So 3.2 is out, and the merge window for 3.3 is thus officially open. I delayed 3.2 first a few days to wait for the final linux-next ("final" in the sense that that's what I'll fetch to decide whether something has been in linux-next for 3.3 or not), and then some more as people were coming back from holidays and sorting out some regressions. So we do have a few last-minute reverts and small fixes."
Green chillies – 3, medium size, medium hot, slit at the stalk’s end half way
“Didn’t you put any soda in it?”
It's wet out there...
Here are some of the pics that I wanted to share of her End-of-the-Year Homeschool Choir Concert. I only wish I could download the video shorts of some of the concert, so you could be blessed by their singing. Those will go up on my facebook page for the rest of my family to see.
The extensive five-day long fashion fiesta finally culminates; yes we are talking about the Finale Day of Lakme Fashion Week Summer / Resort 2012. One of the coveted fashion anchors of la Tinsel town Deepti Velhal divulges the highlights of la fashionable finale date that culminated with ace designer Rohit Bal who took his bow to a wildly applauding audience…
“I was told to return and take up my duties as a “midwife” to this gargantuan raw nervous system. It was important to ensure the proper growth and development of the larva and to make certain it didn’t panic or struggle too much when it woke up to its true nature as a singular life form. Incidentally, what we experienced as “evil” was simply the effects of inoculation against some cosmic disease, so I wasn’t to worry too much.
I tell you the truth, anyone who gives you a cup of water in my name because you belong to Christ will certainly not lose his reward. Mark 9:41 (NIV)
LIU YH, HUANG LM, WANG JD. Reduction of acute respiratory illness (ARI) due to a voluntary workplace influenza vaccination program: who are more likely to get the benefit? J Occup Health 2004; 46: 455-460.
I considered doubling up on the ingredients and then dividing the mixture in two, adding raspberries to one half and blackberries to the other. I then decided it was just as easy to make a second batch with blackberries whilst the raspberry ones were cooking.
Being straight forward requires courage. And only courageous people remain calm and collected in a crisis. People feel safe when their boss can hold his nerve in tough situations.
thai red curry paste (or green if you want!)
September 16 - Tom Wilson, cartoonist ("Ziggy"), 80
Of course, that’s not going to stop me from trying. I have this vision of what The Gray Regions will be when it’s complete, and it involves a solid, structured, believable, true-feeling setting that requires both cultural strength and a good deal of scientific background. Not that I intend to bog the reader down with facts, but the world I’m writing about has some unique qualities, and I’d like it to make sense. And I have fallen in love with my science fiction plot, so I fully mean to see that through, as well.
Habbukkah 1: 5: (NIV) Look at the nations and watch— and be utterly amazed. For I am going to do something in your days that you would not believe, even if you were told.
Another hiatus? That last post I was referring to didn’t help much either.
There's a huge investigation over the GSA Vegas extravaganza, which is good, except this is only a tiny amount of waste government employees cause daily. I'm hoping the proposed criminal charges stick and the house of cards starts falling on bureaucrats in all agencies. Why? I haven't had a raise in years; the cost of living is skyrocketing; fuel is too expensive;the dollar is devalued ( thanks to the fed and the debt), and the federal government is out of control. It's time for accountability and it's time for this crap to stop - forever.
As many of you are aware, the fan gate (when coupled with incentives like deals, contests and exclusive content) has been one of the most effective ways for Facebook page owners to grow their fans/likes. Facebook’s FBML fan gate functionality enables marketers to display one type of content to fans, and another type of content to non-fans, thus providing a great way for brands to encourage Facebook users to “like” a page (e.g. non fans might see a message such as ‘Like us to access exclusive content or a 50% off coupon”). Wildfire’s iFrame application provides exactly the same kind of ‘fan gate’ functionality and the best part is that it’s easy to use and requires no technical expertise. Additionally, by using our iFrame app Wildfire takes care of hosting your content – something that Facebook used to handle via its FBML app but that companies must now handle themselves given Facebook’s change to iFrames for Pages.
I just wanted to say bye, I'm leaving for Stockholm tomorrow.
More often than not, good writing comes from rewriting. And I hate rewriting. However, it is the most necessary evil out of a world of necessary evils, at least for me. But to get to that necessary evil, you have to write your first draft… first.
I can be just as subjective as the next beer geeker. I love the willibecker glass (like the Harpoon IPA glass above). It's thin-walled, feels great in my hand, and the ones I have all have fill lines at either 0.5 or 0.3 liters. Good to go.
Generalized itching
I also get digital audio books from Audible.com. I pay $229.50 for a 24 pack, which is $9.56 per book, but they often have sales for $7.95 and $4.95 a book. I can get two books from Audible for what I’d pay for 30 daily papers, but I actually spend way more time listening to books than I’d spend reading the paper online.
I can see the light in your eyes
It was a book I had read many moons ago called The Ordinary…… “something”, I just couldn’t remember what the “something” was. I tried The Ordinary Girl and google came up with ”No Ordinary Girl” and other titles that just didn’t ring any bells. So I trotted off to Amazon, changed the selection to children’s books and simply typed in “ordinary”. And up it popped, No.3 on the search list!
Devoted – from Memphis, TN
Classic colonialism also featured the complete control and direction of the indigenous economy by the colonizing entity for the purpose of acquiring natural resources, cheap labor and access to markets for the industrial and commercial capitalist interests of the colonizer. This characteristic is equally present in both classic colonialism and neocolonialism.
Traditional chinese pastry shops are rare these days, and as time passes, they will get even less, which is a very sad reality.
This is my first post here at ABC, and I'm a bit thrilled.... ;-)
Which would mean I would have to maybe write some more poetry...yeah.
Every parent, schoolteacher, judge, pastor and counsellor knows that there are two sides to every story. Lysius, the chief captain, was also aware of this and was valiantly trying to get to the bottom of things. It was a complicated situation. The Jews were at odds with one of their own. But this man, Paul was also a Roman citizen.
Like the true chamaeleonidae he seems to be he went on to say that he hoped the religious lobby would not fall out with him over the sanctioning of gay marriage - clearly Mr Cameron isn't saying that we need all the values in the bible, just the ones he agrees with at the moment; one wonders how Mr Cameron decides which values to adopt and which to ignore, perhaps he has access to a morality the rest of us don't, in fact I'm sure of it.
"Oh," I said, and began singing "I'll stumble for you..."
If your Christian life is boring or unfulfilling, you’re not living the life Jesus is calling you to live. Your faith should challenge you to keep learning and growing in exciting ways that change your life for the better.
“No, this is the kind of fasting I want:
Be honest now...
There are, what, 193 members of the U.N.? I think most Canadians would think that spending 11 days in Canada on this issue - his time would be better spent elsewhere.
Living with a man of character, growing a Christian family…
