Studying hard part of the time, but also playing the fool!
You can be jealous. It's OK.
I am ashamed to say I have not picked up a paint brush in at least 8 months and I have done nothing creative in that same time period except maybe figuring out what to make for dinner!
So did I hate Thing 2? No, I really didn't but I could also never recommend it over Thing 1, even though they are kinda the same movie with kinda the same characters. The CGI pulled me out of the movie a lot, but although Thing 2 is not a horrible movie, it won't ever get the same attention or admiration as the original.
Have a musical Tuesday. x
48. Karen Lanaud - Highway To Hell (2:03)
Let rise 20 to 30minutes.
They didn't quite keep together that well, so I had to wrap the 3 shapes with twist ties. I was so happy when I found this stuff at Christmas at the Dollarama! It's so multipurpose, and you can cut your own length.
Many of my new mleccha friends are in the process of donating or selling off or otherwise getting rid of their possessions. Been there, done that! In any case I neither have enough money for lot of stuff nor enough space to have material possessions that I do have money for.
But the question is a scam. Inequality is a measure of nothing. Inequality is how much richer the rich people are than the poor people. So what? If the poor have their basic needs met, let's say, who gives a monkeys' what the rich are doing?
16. Brown Elekk – 1 gold + Exalted with Exodar
R. Right or left handed: Left.
Seima Aoyama, 48, Culver City, Calif.
Congrats to everyone who's raced in the past few weeks! Catching up on blogs and reading everyone's race reports has me dying to get out there and race myself! Sadly I'll be sitting out the Banff Ekiden relay this weekend, so my next planned race isn't until New Year's Eve. I have a few other ideas between now and then but I'll have to see how things hold up when my half marathon training starts.
Who is it?
IceBridge flights will measure both previously surveyed sites, such as Greenland's Jakobshavn Glacier, and unstudied areas of sea ice, such as the Beaufort Sea north of Alaska. "The most important sea ice flights are the transits between Thule and Fairbanks," said IceBridge project scientist Michael Studinger.
El 7 de junio de 1976, Bobby moriría de un ataque al corazón en Chatham (Massachussets). Al año siguiente, Jack Bradley (ex manager de Hackett y amigo íntimo) preguntó a Gordon Brooks, líder de The Clam Shack Serenaders, si podía tocar un solo de corneta junto a la tumba de Bobby, algo que desde entonces Gordon repetiría en el cementerio de Chatham cada 7 de junio.
Do you love Malabrigo?
No joke.
At the request of Ms. Teresa "TBird" VanWinkle, Dr. Leon accepted the invitation to come and address issues of our local hatchery budget after which Dr. Leon will accept questions and hold open discussions in a town hall style meeting.
Review & Outlook, “Badly Written Rules,” The Wall Street Journal, December 28, 2011.
Fiber: 2g
I looked around and at first all the other patrons going in and out just politely stepped around me.
First, take a pot of boiling water and boil a big handful of sticks in it for 15-20 minutes. Carefully take the sticks out (they will be hot!) and mold them around an object that you feel is wrist sized. I broke a few doing this process, so make extras. I used an empty bottle to wrap them around. Secure them with a rubber band (or hair tie in my case). Make sure you keep this contraption in the open so the air can hit it and really dry out the wood.
claimed more than 1,000 lives since
I had just been to the apple festival in Portland and came home with these lovely Mutsu apples. They are a cross between Golden Delicious and Japanese Indo. They have almost a spicy sweetness to them. Kind of like a good chai tea- sweet, but with spice. Perfect for baking.
We finish with two cheese boards, each presented with the artistic flair of a hatted Sydney restaurant. Fourme d'Ambert is a striking blue cheese, one of France's oldest that is said to have originated in Roman times. The piquancy of the blue marries brilliantly with fresh dates, charred with a blow torch so it is caramelised and smoky.
Power Points: 1 + 1/mile
A new study by Jessica Hellmann, associate professor of biological sciences at the University of Notre Dame, and researchers from Western University found that mild winters, such as the one many of us just experienced, can be taxing for some butterfly or possibly other species.
There are one of two ways that you can get access to a Prime Membership:
“In Isaiah 53, for example, the sufferer is called not the ‘messiah’ but the ‘servant of the Lord,’ and the passage speaks about the sufferings in the past tense, as something that has already happened at the time of writing (six hundred years before Jesus). As interpreters have long noted, if read in context, the author tells us who the servant of the Lord is. In Isaiah 49:3 the prophet declares, ‘And he said to me, ‘You are my servant, Israel, in whom I will be glorified. It is Israel who is God’s servant, who has suffered for the sins of the people and so brought healing. . . He is not talking about the future messiah.” (166)
She knows there is one person who understands,
it's probably fair to state that this experience colours the rest of my opinion about whether doppler use is a good thing for me, or not.
In a meeting during the final weeks of the hunger strike, the chief of the general staff told the then secretary of state, Jim Prior, that he believed the time had come to arrest Mr Adams.
Then there’s this: Gutsy Call? ”The memo puts all control in the hands of Admiral McRaven – the “timing, operational decision making and control” are all up to McRaven. So the notion that Obama and his team were walking through every stage of the operation is incorrect. The hero here was McRaven, not Obama. And had the mission gone wrong, McRaven surely would have been thrown under the bus.”
As far as context goes, this is right after Chloe has graduated from college and is living with her friend Helena, right before she gets a job as assistant to an eccentric agent, and during the time her drug habit is developing.
I bet you think its funny. Seeing me like this. Holding the jar of soul over my head; taunting me with your trophy as you smirk over my fragile form. A succubus feeding on my life.
Roquette and Smoked Salmon salad topped with a Goat cheese & Piment d’Espelette toast
Now your attention turns to intense matters about shared property, credit card debt, inheritances, insurance matters, and anything you hold jointly with someone else. You might also be focused on your partner's wealth and income, or your ex partner's. (Ya think?) Actually, this is an excellent time to clear up loose ends in these areas. Privately, the intensity of the next few weeks activates your desires at a sexual level as well. You're hot stuff! Whether your focus is on money or sex or both, you have a memorable month ahead. (Guess who's singing "I'm too sexy for my shoes"?)
MP3 CD, Unabridged
I was hoping to find this cardigan in the yellow motif to try on but they didn't have any in my size so I went with the next best thing...green! I liked this cute cardigan and think it's a fun layering piece. I'm wearing a size X-Small here and it was a good fit. It's obviously not going to keep you very warm and is simply for looks but it's a cute piece to have on hand. I do sort of wish it was a shorter length...I think it could have been cute a little more cropped. All in all it's not a must-have for me, but if I were to find it in yellow on sale somewhere I wouldn't look away! =)
*Debt? Oh yea. I'm still working on that. I kind of fell behind because of summer. It's so easy to go shopping in the summertime!
spiraling into non-existence.
oil 3 tsp
There will never be a more convenient time than right now to believe Jesus.
My question then is this:
Juice Bar
concept in
Continued in part II of the in-depth look at Japanese food.
and released the snow; slow, slant, silent,
Q. How long have you been writing and what was your journey to publication like?
Paul Coffey
So whether you enjoy drinking stout, porters, IPA’s or wine you may want to pay attention to how your favorite drink is brewed. You may end up drinking a whole lot more than barley, hops, rye or whatever your preference.
I could write about the crazy God-encounter at 3:45AM with “Immanuel,” a bold street preacher in the Bronx or about how I fell asleep around 5:30AM under an old pew or about the very sleepy rendition of my story – shared with approx. 8 people at 7:30AM. But I’ve already gone way over my word limit. Most of you probably won’t even get this far. I know at some point I’ll write a book and that might make a fine occasion for me to just write and write and write.
12.7.3 Only tyre heating blankets may be used to warm the tyres
I know that Dragon was nominated for a Golden Globe the other night and lost to The Artist (a movie I want to see, although there is some controversy about that film's score), and I'm sure it will be nominated for an Oscar.
With a hard exterior shell, it could be easy to assume that Harry is boarding on insanity, but on the contrary, he is rigidly stuck to his morals. Harry instructs Ken that he has to kill his young protégé because of the accidental killing in London.
Too often. I can say honestly.
The challenge now is to try and make a lemon cupcake that is also amazingness.
Some high- & lowlights from the past few weeks:
Folk that cry out at the evil that men do, simply justify the evil that men do. It is kind of important that we are not cowed by the wolf, or the fox or whatever other scary creature we encounter.
These went into my Etsy shop and have sold already. The one on the left was sold for Comic Relief. I really enjoyed doing them and must make a point of doing more regularly. I'm going to try and fit in doing another this week and the money will go to Red cross to help with the terrible tragedy in Japan.
Me: "The lady in that car back there."
BFF: “Yes, really, really sure. And I’m scared.”
The cunt gies us an empathetic nod and unblocks ma way.
During this drive, which was about an hour of about 80% interstate and 20% surface streets getting to and from the interstate, I couldn't believe how bad it was. It seemed that every ripple and tar strip in the road was going to bounce me off the road. I called the mechanic on Tuesday and had it in Wednesday morning first thing. Well, this began my education in the foibles of Chrysler minivans, circa 1996 to about 2004 (which I think they call "Gen. 2")
7. Double thread your SUPER long needle and tie it on a popsicle stick. Thread it from the back to the front of your headboard with the popsicle stick on the back (keeping the thread from going through the hole.) Use pliers to pull the needle through your headboard if you need to-I did. Also, make sure your piece of thread is pretty long.)
Hotels surrounding the Falmouth Beach Hotel, which burned down yesterday, have seen an increase in business since the blaze.
This includes things like:
Nehemiah 9:6–You alone are the LORD;
Ahhh.. public transportation. Gotta love it. I wonder if it's the same in other big cities? Am I the only one?
There are three speakers who, between them, will examine the reciprocal relationship between medicine/health and drama in Britain since 1945, as follows:
Moses is doing too much. He’s sitting as judge for the people “from morning until evening” (v.13), and he’s in danger of burnout (v.18). Yet he doesn’t see that anything is wrong; rather, he sees himself as doing God’s work among the people of Israel. In fact, there is almost an air of self-importance and pride in Moses’ response to his father-in-law: “they come to me and I decide between one person and another, and I make known to them the statutes and instructions of God” (v.16).
White: I’ll give you some clues. What do you call the part between your hand and your elbow?
“The disenchanted, the disadvantaged, and the disinherited seem, at times of great crisis, to summon up some sort of genius that enables them to perceive and capture the appropriate weapons to carve out their destiny.” –Martin Luther King, Jr., Why We Can’t Wait
Several years ago, I was fortunate enough to hear Vidal Sassoon speak about his long career in hairdressing. He spoke most passionately about "process", and how you have to do something all the time, whether it's good or not, so you can make breakthroughs and come up with something really great.
There has been much conjecture over the origin and function of Machu Picchu since Bingham announced its existence to an amazed world in 1911. The most probable scenario is that Machu Picchu was constructed in the early 15th century by the Inca emperor Pachacuti and served as a kind of summer holiday retreat for him. During his residence there the population living there may have been a maximum of around 1000 with around 200-300 “staff” taking care of the site during the off-season. Many of the buildings at Machu Picchu would have been residential but there were also other facilities for carrying out religious ceremonies, various industries (stone-masonry, tool-making, pottery, etc.) making astronomical observations and food preparation. The food needed to feed all the residents was grown on the numerous large agricultural terraces found nearby. These terraces were still being used by local farmers to grow crops when Bingham first visited in 1911.
Fort Mason wasn’t the only park to take a hit on Earth Day. Mission residents also woke up to a severely less beautiful Dolores Park this morning.
The other question is the baking soda in Annie's list of ingredients. As the dough has to sit for 3 hours to 1 day in her recipe, we can assume that it's not there for its raising properties. I am guessing that it is there to ensure that the dough stays alkaline.
95 A Confederacy of Dunces – John Kennedy Toole
Hope you can feel the love coming right off this page swirling around and settling into your heart….you have a part in our Life is Great experience and I thank you for enriching our lives….
Here are my nominations:
9. John Cena pinned Brock Lesnar to piss away the biggest opportunity the WWE has ever had
A leaf can be a …
(I can use all the items over as many times as I want and adjust them as my layout calls for it.)
What we have now instead is a messy healthcare system mired in corruption and inefficiency, one that is bereft of respect for the sanctity of human life.
Positioning what otherwise might be perfectly acceptable commercial spirits as “moonshine “ or “legal moonshine” is a willful corruption of the scofflaw folk distilling traditions that inspire them. They are artificialities, oxymora on par with “original copy” or “living dead.”
Stop molly coddling celebrity offenders who continually break the law. Toss their asses into jail. Ensure that those Hollyhood celebutards have good and ample time to reflect upon the crimes that they have committed. And don’t let them out until they have served each and every second of their jail sentences. Otherwise, as Lindsay Lohan has proven, they WILL continue to commit crimes, make a mockery of the judicial system and waste taxpayers’ money.
What Sean has achieved through his brewing is balance, if you're gonna use pale malt you can't bang in so many of those ultra citric US hybrid hops else you'll loose the character of the malt, and that is a part of the beer that is, just as, if not more important than hops.
And this paragraph shows you've got something actually quite good: a high concept novel with a twist on the usual crime novel motif.
Sift the icing sugar into a small bowl. Add the maple syrup to the strength you like it, mixing it into the sugar with a small spoon. Add a smidgen of water if you need in order to create a pourable yet thick glaze.
I had no choice considering the spasms in my stomach that had me thinking I needed to go to the hospital for a gall bladder or something like it. The 103 temp, cough, snotting nose, chills, bone and body aches UGH! not to mention each of the kids have taken turns with the same symptoms. We've had to monitor each one, let them stay home from school and fill them up with chicken noodle soup, sprite, NyQuil, cough drops and Ibuprofen. I tried to handle it all myself but eventually because I'm sicker than all of them combined, my body shut down and I've been in bed crying my eyes out worrying about the kids who my husband assures me are all taken care of.
Finally a series win for the Blue Jays over the Rangers! Not to bad considering Texas are the best team in the Amerin League and the Blue Jays had just lost a series shambolically to the Orioles…
Here are some other issues, unmentioned in the Times article, that suggest that the Atlantic Yards project is more accurately a national model in public manipulation and broken promises:
My hubby Tim and the lovely ladies!
In every phase of her life and career, Orman has personified true grit. Perseverance is the quality that, more than anything else, has enabled her to become the most successful personal-finance guru in America, build a multiplatform brand for herself and achieve the elusive quality of longevity.
CALLER: I'm having an issue with my husband where I'm starting to grow very resentful of him. I'm black, and he's white. We've been around some of his friends and family members who start making racist comments as if I'm not there or if I'm not black. And my husband ignores those comments, and it hurts my feelings. And he acts like --
And thus, another trip to school is accomplished.
I will post submissions on my Wordpress blog for the voting process. I will post here to notify of my Wordpress addy as soon as I begin posting submissions, so stay tuned to this post.
I also want to make clear that, despite references below to the wonderful film The Sting, and the BBC programme, The Real Hustle, I am NOT suggesting that Mr Miller is doing anything illegal, nor should anyone take that implication from what I write.
It’s called a profit margin.
Every NPC in town warns you about The Butcher before your first trip into the dungeon. In case you didn’t bother talking to them, just outside the dungeon entrance you find the previous adventurer who tried to delve in, bloody and dying. Before killing your first mob, a villain is set up. The first half hour of dungeon crawling goes by uneventfully. But somewhere on the second level down, starting to get a little comfortable with your level 4 character, you come upon a small square room completely covered with blood. Maybe you remember the warning, maybe you didn’t, but in either case, it’s your first time playing and you want to know what’s in there, so you open the door. And you get Butchered.
Level 7: MP Cost: 24, Duration: 102 seconds, Defense: +35%, Abnormal Status Resistance: +21%, Elemental Resistance: +21%.
Participating Trucks: Border Grill, Grill 'Em All, Jogasaki Burrito, The Greasy Wiener, Rosa Bella Cucina, and A Rockin Ice
Max Ackerson Usually it just comes to me. I will be watching Television or reading a book and all of a sudden i get this great feeling, and i just need to draw or build (Lego). With all the ideas rushing around in my head i just have to draw them out on paper.
1 injury
A bird chirped out, she withdrew her hand and bade goodbye.
"Mars Komagatake Single Cask Vintage 1988 sherry cask #566. 46 percent alcohol.
To Celebrate, Spark Energy in Chicago Offers a FREE Session of Jumping Fun at Pump It Up!
Keep cake refrigerated. Enjoy!
Why I think the ladder depiction is neat is because the descending angel is actually facing down and not just looking down as one would if descending a ladder. The down-facing angel seems to be climbing up to earth, not down from heaven. Thus, all the angels are climbing up no matter which direction they face. Rather Escher-esque, no?
The seasonings are simple-- garlic powder, white pepper and salt. I took a shortcut and used 1 Tablespoon of Susie-Q's Santa Maria Seasoning. I used 1 1/2 cups Lite Sour Cream and 3/4 cup of mayonnaise-- and a squeeze of fresh lemon juice.
Officer: Do you live around here?
The magical principle we’ve just discussed explains this bizarre bit of ideological transformation. The main figures in the neoconservative movement entered public life in one or another of the panics over Communism that swept through the American right every decade or so from 1919 until just before the Soviet Union’s collapse. Like most political panics, these focused obsessively on the feared and hated Other, and a glance back through the biographies of prominent figures in neoconservatism shows plenty of involvement in that pastime. The result of this fixation of attention was utterly predictable to anyone with a grasp of magical theory: what the "neocons" contemplated, they imitated.
Uh, I'm wondering that too. Anyway, things have changed a lot since then. Sort of.
Katherine Jenkins - who? Right. She’s a semi famous Brit (they LOVE those on this show!). They couldnt get Adele, so they got her. She’s lovely. She’s blonde, fit and has an accent. She also dances with Mark ballas who can make ANYONE look ‘cracking’. She received very high scores for a well executed foxtrot.
In the midst of extensive growth and heightened interest surrounding electronic dance music, Insomniac has gathered an inspiring roster of industry pioneers and innovative business leaders to lead vital conversations at the inaugural EDMbiz conference. With executives from Wall Street to Madison Avenue showing interest in the genre, attendees will gain keen insight towards pressing issues and current debates as the world watches EDM take its place in pop culture history. Held at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas June 5-7, 2012, the event will lead into North America’s largest electronic dance music festival, the 16th Annual Electric Daisy Carnival.
The crowd stepped aside as Grayson led them across the lobby. Once inside the office, he introduced them to the police chief and the hotel manager then stood back and watched the attorney in Edward take control. He’d not expected histrionics from Corliss, and he wasn’t disappointed. She was made of stern and sturdy American stock that didn’t crumble in a crisis, which was one of the few qualities Elizabeth had inherited from her mother that he admired.
Hello, my name is Regina Easter. I have 4 wonderful children and an awesome supportive husband. I have for as long as I can remember loved all the aspects of creating things with paper and drawing. So it was only fitting that I decided to open up The Cutting Cafe' and I am loving every bit of this new venture. The Cutting Cafe' offers affordable Printable Stamps and Cutting Files. The Cutting Files which are basically just like templates are files that you Print out using your home printer, Cut, Assemble and then Embellish.....Very Easy.....The Cutting Files also come in the format where you can cut out the files using some of the latest Machine Cutters like the Pazzles Inspiration, Bosskut Gazelle and Cricut (with Scal software). The Printable Stamps are just that, images that are sent to you through email that you print out using your home printer. After the images are printed out, you can just color them in like you would any other stamped imaged...One great thing about the Printable Stamps and Cutting Files is that you no longer have to worry about finding space to store all of your stamps....You can keep them all in a folder in your computer and use over and over again.
#733 - Kaagaz Ke Phool (1959) - (#719 on TSPDT) Tragic figure Guru Dutt's final film as a director (though he may have ghost directed others after this) is a look at the film industry in India, and more specifically, one director (played by Dutt, as was the norm in his films) and his attempt at creating art and loving the star that will eventually become bigger than he. With similar motifs to Fellini's 8 1/2 a few years later, Dutt's film (a financial and critical flop which led to his quitting directing) is one of those works than can be called haunting without the term seeming all that clichéd. Out of the eight films Dutt directed between 1951 and 1959, I would place this one second to his one near masterpiece Pyaasa.
Great! Clean development and reliable power and regional peace, right? Alas, no. In public, 1¾ days of the conference were all sunbeams and puppydogs. Between sessions, state gas officials complained the summit wasn’t addressing their real concerns, and private sector players called it ‘pie in the sky’ and ‘old wine in new bottles’.
When I look at the night sky
Morning devotions to start the day off right and then walk with my daughter and granddaughter~
Whatever has the scent I like is what I'll use.
So often, it's everyday details that give you a feel for the past. You can read a whole dissertation on the trials of domestic service, but understand more from seeing a mangle, a flat iron and an elaborately pleated dress in a museum. Often it's the sum of incidentals that tells you how people lived: the size of a glass, the binding on a book, the shape of a table leg.
And then it was on to the next project. Down in one corner of the front garden was what some ‘trendy’ gardeners would call a ‘dead hedge’ or ‘wildlife area’ but what I’d call a pile of old hedge cuttings I couldn’t be bothered to clear properly the first time round. So buoyed by my newfound enthusiasm I decided to tackle it. Now while this wasn’t a ‘wildlife area’ I suspected it was an ideal site for something to be quietly going about its business so I took extra care and wasn’t disappointed when I found some slow worms.
Someone else had a hit with a song called Where Is The Love, didn't they? Was it Black Eyed Peas? Or was it Lisa Stansfield? Or was it both?
I wanted to share a few of the fun things we were able to have done for Valentines.
Joey Paranoia & Winston Wolfe (Smile For Camera, Orlando)
Your sales person has just promised free window tint and a year of oil changes. When you are ready to schedule the window tint, the dealership charges you $200! You’re livid! They lied!
Now to some news, I have been running this challenge blog for Bec now for nearly 3 years and it is time for me to leave.I haven't had alot of time to create lately and what time I do have,I just want to create for fun.So if anyone is interested in being on the DT and helping Janne to run this blog,please send an email to creataliciouschallenges@gmail.com with a link to your blog.We are hoping that this process will take no more than 2 weeks,but we will keep this open as long as necessary,we do have sponsors up until December.So, we will be open until then with me running it.But if I have no one to take over by the January 15th challenge we will unfortunately have to close the blog.
As a former media student, I would have to say well yes, yes I have.
Q: "There was an article in Friday's paper about jaguars in Arizona. The 10th paragraph begins 'The newly spotted cats...' My impression was that jaguars were permanently spotted. Do they develop new spots as the winter hair grows in?"
Eprint offer a complete self-publishing service and can produce professionally printed and bound paperback or hard cover books in quantities from as little as 50. We also provide assistance with design and layout and will produce a suitable cover to suit your budget.”
I asked my OB about it, and she told me that most people actually have slight umbilical hernias so it wouldn't surprise her if that's what I was feeling. She said that since I currently have a big ol' uterus blocking it off from everything though she's not worried. There's no danger of my intestines falling out or anything. Comforting. :)
After the excitement of our trip to Colorado, we returned home for the holidays. As we typically don't spend the holidays with family, we had friends over for both Christmas Eve and Christmas dinner. We had so much fun with both of those families that I didn't take any pictures at all, except of my desserts for Christmas dinner! Those will come later.
Level 1 - Complete 1 series.
If you keep up with the news with any sort of regularity, then you have likely heard the story about Dr. Steven Brigham and Dr. Nicola Riley, the two doctors who have been arrested on multiple counts of murder for performing late term abortions in Maryland. The 35 aborted fetuses that were found in a freezer (Yeah, I’m pretty sure that is not kosher disposal technique so what the hell?) at their clinic have been examined and, according to some reports, at least 13 of the fetuses had reached viability and one of them was at about 36 weeks. Yeah, do that math for me. I cannot, for the life of me, imagine the sort of cruelness could be in the heart and mind of a mother, who would abort her child in the 9th month, mere weeks before the child would be born naturally (not the mention the fact that a C-section or induced labor could have easily been used) and given up for adoption. I cannot imagine the sort of unethical doctor who would willingly perform that abortion either. It boggles the mind.
“It’s something else much more complicated, combined with the risk of an all-out war, especially in the north with Hezbollah,” he explained. “So I think they wanted to give the public an understanding that it’s not going to be easy for the Air Force.”
The worse-than-expected economic growth figure has dealt a heavy blow for the ruling coalition led by Prime Minister David Cameron.
To their tab.
And Bryan Ferry and Chic are playing on the Sunday.
Huber, J & Robertson, J (2000). Creating New Money: A monetary reform for the information age. New Economics Foundation, London. info@neweconomics.org.uk .
In 2001, researchers reported that concentrations of lutein are higher in the peels of fruits than in the pulp. The concentration of carotenoids increases as fruit ripens. Getting too much lutein through food and drink is not considered a significant risk because the nutrient is only present in relatively small amounts in plants and animals.
of the year and really of this season! We got it all through the night on Sunday (about 3 inches) and Monday was busy with Preschool and a Doctor's visit (hello ear infection for Jackson), so we didn't get out in it to play. But we did today and the boys had a blast! Good thing we did too bc the snow had really melted when they got up from their naps!
Episode 19 "Cheat Active! Enemies of Team Guy"
2. Collect information about the alleged abusers, including official status in the
This was a valiant effort from a new independent author. I was drawn to it because of the wonderful, whimsical cover art. The story itself is engaging, exciting, and fast-paced. It has some romance, some tragedy, some action...all the usual paranormal ingredients.
Hennessy's reference is: Peter Catterall (ed.), 'The Macmillan Diaries: The Cabinet Years, 1950-1957' Macmillan. 2003 p 382
5) Light Soya Sauce - 5 table spoon
That sounds like varying levels of the same premise, but really they’re very different, because while there are a million terrible movies made every year, there’s rarely a movie, no matter how bad it is, to merit consideration in the “Worst of All Time” race.
Out-bloody-rageous.
Plant a Little Love Notecard Set
I was never really one to pay much attention to filmmaking and actors, only watching movies casually and not going to theaters much. But that changed. Besides creating the characters, learning about cinema had been a very rewarding consequence of writing APP.
4.) I eat yummy fats like ghee (clarified butter), avocado, bacon fat, duck fat, olive oil, and coconut oil. Also raw cheddar cheese. And full fat greek yogurt from Trader Joe's. That shit is so good, y'all.
Hey all. Time for my weekend post!
The 8 blogs I am awarding are:
Miss Sophie woke us in the middle of the night on Tuesday stating, “I don’t feel good…”, which is code for I am going to throw-up all over you in less than ten seconds. Thankfully she was on Drew’s side of the bed because it is closer to our bathroom. I yelled at him to get her to the bathroom a.s.a.p, since he was in a deep slumber. Just as he got her there, he yelled back to me “good call babe!”. Poor Soph, she practically turned inside out that night. Drew had to leave for work at 4 am for a very early morning meeting which meant that neither he nor I got any sleep. I washed five loads of laundry between the hours of 2 am and 7 am all the while attending to Sophie, doing Lucy’s 5:30 med schedule, and washing and cleaning. Sophie’s GI bug lasted only 24 hours, but it had me doing a subterranean cleaning for 48 hours. She was back to her happy perky self by Thursday morning.
When it's winter, black on top, white on the bottom = junco. They're the first birds that really signal the appearance of winter. Tiny and chirpy, they're the reminder to pull out my heavy coat and make sure that each glove has a mate.
Picture it:
You have until November 18th to enter our current challenge, Starting Early for Holiday Wishes for our Kids. You can also enter that same card in the challenge at Paper Creations Ink, who is currently sponsoring a Card Drive for Send a Smile 4 Kids! Twice the chances of winning a prize! After you enter, please consider sending your holiday card to SAS4Kids to cheer a child who is inpatient over the holidays. Our four addresses and other information you will need is available under the tabs at the top of the blog. Thanks so much for helping put a smile on our kid's faces!
Format: Hardcover
More widely, one writing colleague who has read the collection suggested it might be a metaphor for the way most of us muddle our way – with no particular sense of direction – through life. That wasn’t necessarily my conscious intention, but if that’s the way it strikes an intelligent reader, I’m happy to go along with that interpretation. Perhaps fiction – reading it and writing it – is ambivalent in that respect. It can enable us to see things more clearly on the one hand – to cut through all the stuff that obscures and gets in the way of understanding – but can also itself be a source of deception and self-deception. The phrase ‘telling stories’ can have all sorts of contradictory meanings.
Iñigo Manglano-Ovalle - He was speaking to a group of teachers at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. I was helping set up the room for the presentation. I forget what the exact problem was, but we needed to block some light so he could use the projector. Iñigo came up with a solution: He’d tear the top off of a box and cover the intrusive light source. Since I was still eating the pizza the boxed contained, I thought he might be joking. He wasn’t.
Sponsorship questions call 212-686-7220
I just tried to think positively through everything. I tried the visualizing exercises. Meditating and just plain relaxing. I even had a nap. All without Meesha bugging me. Afterwards i came out and took her out fed her and cuddled with her. She was upset with me at first because i ignored her cries at the door.
This can be in any form you wish, faux stitching, hand written or drawn elements on your card, zentangle. As long as you create something with 'ink' by hand Normally the One Layer cards are a nightmare for me, and I don't really 'do' doodling (if you know what I mean!).
1 tsp cumin powder
If I get feedback saying a reader was laughing, crying, stunned, fearful, etc…if they felt what my characters did, then I know I have done my job.
But a cloud set to pay ruins the day
paper shredder nest so cute! (you know I love repurposing!)
Why have incomes of those in the top 1 percent soared? Their occupations provide some clues. From 1979 to 2005, nonfinancial executives, managers and supervisors accounted for 31 percent of the top 1 percent, medical professionals for 16 percent, financial professionals for 14 percent and lawyers for 8 percent.
~Use acrylic paints, colored pens and rubber stamps to create several two-page backgrounds;
Egads! This one sat in the primary for a month. This is the problem when the pipeline gets full.
Clear/Water even
This pillow is so Pottery Barn-esque – the floral design is embroidered on the front, the striped fabric is on the back:
In her response to Mordecai Esther points out how that she has not been called to come in to the king FOR thirty days? Is that correct? No! Esther does not say ‘for’ thirty days; but rather “these thirty days”. “These” is a demonstrative pronoun pointing to something in particular. What is Esther pointing to, or referring to? Esther is referring to the topic she and Mordecai have been discussing, the horrible law that all the Jews must die. Esther is explaining to Mordecai that she has not had any opportunity to go in and see the king during the entire period in which this law has been given. From the 13th day of the 1st month, until now, 30 days later, Esther has not been called in to the king. Perhaps you are wondering why this is significant for us to know? The reason is that this information now helps us to date the conversation between Esther and Mordecai. At the point Esther makes this statement and has it sent to Mordecai through her servant, it is 30 days after the law was first given. This would mean that they were discussing these things on the 13th day of the 2nd month (note: a spread sheet of Ahasuerus’ 12th year is available and we hope to have it posted on ebiblefellowship.com shortly).
9/23/08- Cinespace- Hollywood, CA (w/ Does It Offend You, Yeah? And DJ AC Slater)
You could do an entire blog on street art in Paris (for all I know someone has) and once you start looking for it, it seems to be everywhere. Here are a few favorites that popped out at me during my recent forays around town.
“I was probably the first person to sit him down and put him in his place… I said, `You’ve cribbed your time cards.’ He said, `I’m worth it’. I said, `I don’t care how good you are, it’s just dishonest’.”
Choose to open your Bible and let God speak to you today. Kay Arthur says to thank God for the Bible we hold in our hand and to ask Him to speak to us through it. We can pray for wisdom as we read. (James 1:5) This is the first step to freedom from anxiety--reading God's Word and meditating on it so it can penetrate our confusion and darkness--and it will. "For the word of God is living and active. Sharper than any double-edged sword, it penetrates even to dividing soul and spirit, joints and marrow; it judges the thoughts and attitudes of the heart." (Hebrews 4:12, NIV)
Sports Fan: Hey! Did you see that State game last night? It was great!
The goal of the Solar Storm Disaster Preparedness Plan is to alleviate some of the misery and hardship that may be encountered following a massive solar storm. The plan identifies both a reactive approach (immediate actions) and a proactive approach (long-term measures) that can be taken to minimize adverse effects from this threat. The plan provides practical advice primarily focused on survival basics: water, food, shelter and protecting human life.
Many times, God allows us to face great difficulties – not to hurt us or make us feel as though we have been left without any hope – but in order to teach us to turn our faces to Him and cry out for help. Never forget that He is omniscient and knows all about our circumstances.
Shaka Zulu
1.) Racing. Lots of it. Too much chattering on (albeit about important stuff like friendship and loyalty) in the first CARS and not enough racing…which is what my tot really digs. CARS 2 was loaded with racing.
Five women from different parts of the world, each with her own reason for trying to save the life of the eldest of unicorns, agree to take on what they consider to be a work of charity. Not trusting these women to find the hidden garden and achieve the state of grace needed to enter paradise, Lilith accompanies these women in disguise.
why do they continue to kick that can
So not only do we have new dressers, but today a sale started at Canadian Tire for our end tables. Vince is off getting them now…..
He relapsed.
Mum and Dad headed into the Katherine Museum for a look around (and said it was worth a visit and great to see the movie and photos relating to the massive floods they have had here).
Second, I make a conscious effort to support local farmers by purchasing my fruits,vegetables, and flowers from farmer's markets .
farm has been very busy with visitors, Easter really heralds the beginning of a new season and ‘team Balerno’ arrived en masse, all 39 of them, for a week of island life. Tractor rides out the hill to feed the Highland cows, and daily quad bike hurls around through the sheep, interspersed with trips to the beaches, and lashings of food and drink, together with the ultimate pottery party (of course), and a good time was had by all.
I like "Twist & Shout." I love the way George handles "Roll Over Beethoven." The delicate affection of "You Really Got A Hold On Me" makes it worthy of any mix-tape for that special someone. And their rendition "Money" can still put some cracks in your ceiling.
I recently read the average american loses over $100 a year in their checking account due to bank fees. That’s funny — I’ve banked for over 18 years, and that is more than the total fees in my life. I did get a few for going below the minimum balance. But you know what? If you spend 20 minutes to phone in a complaint, most banks will waive a fee just to get you off the phone. They’re counting on the stupid people who fuck up, incur fees because they can’t work a system, and then don’t fight it. The cause is not their evil fee structure (which you want to increase, by making me have to pay for your debit card transaction fees), but people who don’t know how to operate within a system.
If it’s a good choice
As you work the dough continue adding white flour until the dough is sticky but firm. The dough should pull away from the sides of the bowl and remove any trace of flour or batter from the sides of the bowl. Why don’t I give you an exact amount of flour? Because many things affect how much flour you use, the dampness in the air, the type of flours you use, even how much you beat the gluten. The finished dough will not be satiny smooth as you have added in whole wheat flour and caraway seeds, but will be free of lumps and appear to be finished. Place the dough in a large tall bowl that is liberally oiled. Turn the dough over once so that its oiled bottom is on top. Cover the bowl with cling film and let it rise all day.
To end one life, another won’t restore.
Takoma Park Safe Routes to School 5K Challenge
Anyway, he's looking forward to the trip and I am not looking forward to it. Bloody Teacher's Convention is 2 days the week he is gone, I'll be driven demented with no evening time Daddy on duty!
"The Phantom Motor"
The shrill shriek would have done any girl of 5 honour, but it was disgracing Alexander Knevash, who was old enough to be a squire, and he knew it. His shaking hands also shamed him, and for a moment he feared that he had even wet himself.
We wrestle with this same kind of thinking today. So many things are done day and week and year after year because we have always done them that way. We accept things as being scriptural because someone said it is scriptural. We, like sheep, blindly follow the sheep that went before us.
Blood Magic by Tessa Gratton (ARC)
Ich habe hier eines der wundervollen Weihnachtsmotive von Lili of the Valley verwendet. Es ist auf kraftfarbenen Cardstock gestempelt und nur mit etwas Prismacolor in verschiedenen Brauntönen ganz leicht an den Schatten-Stellen eingefärbt. Ich finde, es sieht aus wie ein altes Foto. Farblich passend dazu mußten dann natürlich auch die Papiere sein.
Annoyance # 1. I don't know if it's because I'm getting a little sensitive of my age, or that I found an ass load of gray hairs recently, or I've realized that I'm on the down slide to 40, but when I logged in and saw the following status from a friend, I thought I was going to lose my freaking mind.
Bully comes out, unaware the challenge was set, but told us he doesn’t feel like competing, because he makes stars, and he is tired of carrying Devon. So he starts to leave, but Devon catches him, and the match is on, now.
UPDATE - Kitty is not an "feral cat has kittens in my garden and I want rid of them" dump, I left him alone in a kitty house with blanky for an hour and went up to check on him, he walked to my hand, purred, rolled over for a tummy tickle and then curled up in a ball in my hand to sleep. I really don't think a feral kitty would do that. I'm 99% sure he comes from domestic stock.
Last time we talked to the vet about his chewing on us, we learned the thumb press……………of course Kody thinks it is fun to “bite” us again after we do that. So we have now moved to Bitter Apple………….Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
In the New Testament, we see God sends His son Jesus to save us from the consequences of sin: death
On the health side of it somehow I think I should find a way to manage stress or relax the inner me. I have been on goal yesterday and today so far but I didn’t do any exercise at all. I should do that tomorrow because I know it can only help. I am only 0.1 kilo more than before my rum cake episode so it’s not too bad.. Thank you for reading, it feels good to write things down.
Everything God made is good! He put His Seal of approval on it. There is nothing lacking in the process. Sin came into the world perverting God’s Goodness as it was displayed. When sin is removed, EVERYTHING can be good again. His Glory is demonstrated in the life of those who seek the Goodness of God turning from sin to step into righteousness through the Blood of Jesus Christ.
This guy was used to being snapped by the time I took this one….. can you see it in his expression….
"Can't be mine," I said, puzzled.
2. I talk to my plants.
I love silk screen for a clean and eye popping effect of layered opaque color. I started making prints in order to get that look. It worked for my vision of what I wanted to put out there. Working always with nature as my muse, this took out all the vagaries, the greys, the indecision presented by the messy world.
I have PTSD from our basement disaster of 2010, and I am having flashbacks to that wretched time in my life. The continuous sound of loud white noise is driving me nuts. It's almost as bad as the Bird last week. I have been escaping the house whenever I can, and otherwise we live in my bedroom or the basement family room, where the noise is lessened.
Of course, we all know the story from there. God with His infinite love gave the first man and the first woman the freedom to eat whatever wanted, with one exception. Satan enters in, does what Satan does best. He causes Eve to doubt God, deceives Eve, Eve makes the fatal choice of doing the one thing she was told not to do, and Adam does likewise. The couple was banished from Eden into an imperfect world, a world susceptible to evil, disease, death and natural disaster from that point in time, forward. For them it was as if their world had turned instantly from the safety and familiarity of what they knew in the light, to total darkness.
This week I'm focusing on replenishing our pantry and fridge with gluten-free versions of soy sauce and salad dressings. I'll probably pick one or two items each week for... well... for awhile. It's expensive, so I'm trying to spread out the costs. This past Sunday, I also purchased new cookie sheets, baking tins, a toaster and all manner of other kitchen items that are difficult to decontaminate.
Speaking to queries from the media, an SMU spokesperson said:
Numerous protesters at yesterday’s Occupy Wall Street rally in New York City viciously blasted President Obama as a horrible failure, signaling a major break from a liberal base that once celebrated Obama’s lofty rhetoric of hope and change.
I know who I'd choose.
At the turn to the tents and the parking lot, I remembered a lady pointing out that seven laps were completed. My intention was to do the 50K since my training was intended for the distance. My friends – Noe and Gary Brickley were there cheering me on to complete the last roughly 400 meters. A bit earlier when finishing the third lap, both Rajeev and Jason Reed of the DSE and the Excelsior Running Club were there to encourage me along. It was a great feeling to finish and finish strong without having cramps and running across the line.
Thee, ever present, phantom thing –
Hello TMG followers. My name is Robin and I will be Tuesday's blog contributor. I am have been married for almost 4 years to my "balancer". I call DH that because with him being so laid back and me being so outgoing (and outspoken), he has calmed me down alot! At the same time I have brought him out of his shell a bit as well! We have three beautiful children together, all which have been "pushed out" and breastfed. Jubba, our eldest daugher, just turned 5 in March. Captain Caveman, our only son, will be 3 in July. And the Velociraptor, our youngest daughter, was born in December of 2011 and is just 4 months and still breastfeeding. Our children are 2 years and 4 months apart from each other and none were "planned" considering I was on bc when I got pregnant with each of them ! I consider them blessings and treat them as such. I have always wanted to be a Mommy for as long as I can remember. People would ask what we wanted to be when we grew up and most of my friends would say ballerinas or princesses... I would say I want to be married and have LOTS of babies!
To celebrate, I popped open a bottle of Brodie's Grand Cru, an 8.8% Belgian style ale which, coincidentally, is another beer wot I helped to brew. As a guest brewery monkey, Jamie Brodie gifted me a couple of bottles during the Bunny Basher fest at the end of April.
True change is a process, an exhausting one. Where you focus upon something, and change it at its core. Not the surface expression of the issue, but the root. So that you can remove it completely from your personality, leaving no remenants of it.
We are bit of Conference Zealots, aren't we? Can't help it. Listening to conference always makes me want to do better and it makes me feel better. It's like I can hang in there for another 6 months, until we hear from our leaders again.
The servant carries out the master's will. The servant doesn't tell the master what to do. The servant does not choose which tasks to perform for the master, nor does the servant suggest days or times when it would be convenient to serve the master. The servant's function is to follow instructions. The master, on the other hand, give directions. The master does not tell the servant to develop a vision that will guide the master. The master is the one with the vision; the servant's task is to help fulfill the mater's purposes.
"Or they do things that might hurt them," he said. The way he said it told me of arguments overheard; Becan had very probably been that kind of man, or he would not have taken his family to so remote and dangerous a place.
The first reason why face to face contact is important is because it’s that personal touch. While you can follow one another on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn, it’s not as effective as if you were to meet in person. Think about the last time you met one of your Tweeps in real life. Didn’t you learn so much more about them after talking to them in person? And didn’t it create a stronger bond with that person online? If so, then you know exactly what face-to-face contact can do for you when it come to prospecting.
This shadowbox will be offered up in my shoppe for sale soon, so stay tuned!
2) Choose one (or more) of the following prompts (or please feel free to freewheel with your own prompt ; )) and write your Halloween poem based on it....
This year has been a challenging one.....one where I have been pregnant, in hospital, tired and unwell for most of it unfortunately. In years gone, I have wanted to focus on ME for the new year, but I have to say, in 2012, I want to focus on FAMILY. With baby #1 starting big school and baby #2 starting preschool, all the focus will be on them and helping them settle in with the big changes ahead. I'm looking forward to having two days to spend just with baby Ben, and having time off work. This year I was really juggling too many balls with parenting and trying to work at the same time and it just wasn't working. So not having work in the equation finally is such a relief. I feel unburdened and free to focus on my children which is a lovely feeling indeed.
So it got me thinking about which celebrity mums that I really like. Here's a little list:
Big Oil & Their Bankers in the Persian Gulf…
OPENING:
One day I found, budding at the end of the string, a small ordinary deflated balloon. But soon, it grew into a big beautiful one. And it was bigger and bigger with every laughter, kisses, hugs, tears, acceptances, and understandings that we shared. It filled my whole world, but never dominated it. It decorated it with the colour of merriment, joyful music, and bold love. It’s the colour of red.
Which a gigantic, super awesome tree branch is lying across.
The Old Firm rivalry, as it’s known, is something which will forever continue to bemuse me in its pointlessness. Why are other teams’ fanbases apparently less ready to go for each others’ collective jugulars? I’ve never seen a knife fight break out between rally car anoraks, nor have I seen snooker fans jump to the play area (or whatever it’s called), grab a cue, and start bashing Ronnie O’Sullivan over the head just because he happened to be English. People I have to respect (or I respect out of choice) in everyday life degenerate to a group of wallowing three-year-olds when an Old Firm fixture is on the cards and even tonight have taken a few minutes out of their day to inform their Facebook friends that Neil Lennon deserved what he got.
Mandela attended a Wesleyan mission school located next to the palace of the regent. Following Thembu custom, he was initiated at age sixteen, and attended Clarkebury Boarding Institute. Mandela completed his Junior Certificate in two years, instead of the usual three. Designated to inherit his father's position as a privy councillor, in 1937 Mandela moved to Healdtown, the Wesleyan college in Fort Beaufort which most Thembu royalty attended. At nineteen, he took an interest in boxing and running at the school.
This morning she made me coffee and I got the be the pickle in the middle while the three of us watched my all time favorite movie Moulin Rouge. It was the first time Eli had watched it all the way through.
There were several reasons, I think, that I hated reading. It was hard to admit some of the reasons to myself. But I love all of you guys and feel like we’re friends. So I wanna let you guys know what’s been going on.
Setting: The us, the Middle East and Afghanistan
I've only been using these wipes for FOUR DAYS and I'm already in love with them. Soap & Glory has DONE IT AGAIN...
I am getting ready to Spring forward! I like gaining that hour in the winter but I really dislike giving it back in the Spring! So if you are one of the lucky ones who gets to participate in this crazy time change here is a gentle reminder.
I do not think it is a coincidence that the industry inherently began to seriously change in the economic recession of the 1980’s. The book publishing world followed the mark of the newspaper empires of Murdock and Maxwell, where a handful of media companies controlled the entire national world newsprint output. Throughout the 1980’s, large commercial publishers consumed smaller commercial and independent publishers. We watched large publishers dance around like politicians, desperate to tell us all how different they were from each other, yet, all the while, the centre stage became evermore crowded and the publishing model they used became steadily narrower.
Necklace, bracelet and earrings - all gifted!
At that point I met a guy in Ft McMurry named Ian Young. I was messing with my depression pills, taking less... taking more.., but never being a big drinker, never touching illegal drugs.
Stamps - Magnolia
But, I picked up this red & white gingham fabric at Hobby Lobby for $4.99/yd.
dinner used to be a burden because it would take away time from playing house with my sister and our imaginary disney friends,
We will announce the new DT members next week once we have visited all your blogs. In the meantime Pops has joined us again, she took a break for a few months but is now in a position to join in with DT duties again. Welcome back Pops.
I also read up a lot about cats, just trying to absorb any information that might help in developing pashki and the characters. I wanted pashki to seem as real as possible, and worked out complex systems for it, only a fraction of which make it into the first book (although more trickles out in the sequels). Research into real martial arts and also disciplines like yoga and tai chi helped to ground it in something that hopefully feels real.
To begin take a base or primer all the way from lash line to brow, cover the entire area with the primer. This can be your classic Primer potion or if on a budget No 7 do a great base at half the price of Urban Decay.
Justin Wilson who was the ELCS MVP was moved to the bullpen due to early struggles in the 2011 season. Once moved to the bullpen he started to post better results and at times was clocking in at 99MPH on the radar gun which is crazy fast for a lefty.
Once I started this website, I sent an e-mail out to a few local bands I am familiar with and I am greatly appreciative that the guys from CWS took time to get back to me.
Goodness, who could have predicted Georgia attacking Ossetia - the rapid military buildup, American soldiers and Israeli mercenaries training their soldiers, and a military base right on the Ossetian border...
There is a lot of excitement in our house with only 3 sleeps to go so I am going to sign off with sweet wishes to you all for a wonderful Christmas celebration with your family.
As before, the tendency toward songs with singers prevails here and, as usual, Conte surrounds himself with a variety of young singers who give his music just the right touch of silky soul including José James (“Love From The Sun,” “Here,” Mal Waldron’s “Temple of Far East” set to Conte’s words), Gregory Porter (“Do You Feel Like I Do,” Jackie McLean’s “Ghana” set to Conte’s words), Melanie Charles (“Mystery of Love,” “Love and Revolution,” Cal Massey’s “Quiet Dawn,”) and Hungarian vocalist Veronika Harcsa (“I’m the Air”).
Best of luck. Get celebrating!
Okay, that’s perhaps an extreme solution to the problem. But you’d think that given we’re an indigineous species to this planet we’d be able to cope a little better with a bit of sunshine or a bit of water falling from the skies.
“Good evening young lady! Now, what say you put the kettle on and perhaps open some nice biscuits?
Struck not by the shards of indifference, love is but the mightiest might, this i propose all bluntly;
“That… is for each of you to answer.”
Same words of Fault and Forgiveness
And check out this interview Joselu did with “Punto Pelota’s” Irene Junquera. We find out that Joselu was born in Stuttgart since his parents working there, but he returned to Spain at the age of three, to the Galician town of Silleda, and he’s very proud to be from there, and that also explains his Galician accent. Joselu says he’s always been a Madrid fan, but his sister is culé, so there is a rivalry that made him cry a lot when he was young and Madrid lost. He says he still gets upset even now when Madrid loses. His current goal celebration, where he pretends to have slanted eyes (terrible!!) is because his girlfriend has spent the last two months working in China, and it’s dedicated to her. As for his various tattoos, he explains three of them. On his left wrist, he has the letters I, J and M. The “I” is for his sister, the “J” for his nephew Javier and the “M” for his niece María. On his right wrist, he has a full band. On his upper left arm, he has a tattoo of the virgin, which is for his late grandparents, as they were very religious. Three months ago, his grandmother unexpectedly committed suicide, and his grandfather died 10 days after that out of grief, so it was a very tough time for the family. Pobrecito…
On a good paper the colours will start to blend without any work, like this one! To blend your colours, go back with your lightest colour and lightly blend where the two colours meet, but working in circles and flicking out to the paler side.
Being the Youtube junkie I am, I was watching some old school videos and listening to the music. My intention was to post about 90's music, but that'll come later. Instead of a music blog I wrote a blog about my childhood. The song I was listening to reminded me of that good time again. Also it made me realize how bad it has become nowadays.
and had a very lovely, peaceful Christmas
The directions say that it will last 3 weeks in your fridge and a year in the freezer, but I wouldn't hesitate to go longer than that. I've never had a problem.
we are involved in the political process and collaborating
We'd all be making songs
I know the ONE who does know. He seems a little quiet & slow to my human mind on this one.
I flagged down the bus as I went into the center today, and the driver explained to me that I did not have to do that, he would stop at all bus stops if someone was there. I felt like an idiot. But it became second nature to step to the curb and raise my hand when I saw a bus coming towards me.
Do it right, put up a fight.
Hospital visiting access for midwives:
This one is my favorite!! I used the Holiday Damask Decor Element that was available in the last Holiday Mini and another word from the Inspiration set. I decorated it with some retired Real Red Dotted Ribbon and a Heart Brad.
In terms of commercial components, Retail was down 1.3% in the quarter, Office was down 1.6% and industrial was down 1.7%. JLL are, yet again surprisingly, upbeat about the figures saying that the 1.3% decline in Q1 is the smallest quarterly decline since Q4, 2007 (with a single exception of Q3, 2010). The most recent capital declines have been as follows: (2010) Q1 (2.1%), Q2 (4.7%), Q3 (1.1%), Q4 (3%) and Q1, 2011 (1.3%) – personally I feel sympathy for the property companies trying to paint an upbeat picture whilst the market is clearly still very challenging.
I snapped the picture of the stroller team at our snack stop - the scooter had already been folded up and put away. Don't you love his sweaty-helmet-head? After our break, we walked for awhile then Walker jogged a little with me; then rode on the front, with arms on the babies' trays to hold on. I jogged really slowly then ;) The babies love going for walks...especially when there are snacks. I do periodically have to remind them to keep their hands to themselves ;)
We went to see the Conquest of the South Pole at the Arcola. There was some irony in this because it's a play about being unemployed (it's a revival of a play that launched the careers of Alan Cummings & Ewan Bremner in the Edinburgh Fringe in the 80s, an East German playwright's play translated.)
“The National Center for Science Education director Eugenie Scott told me that her organization does not support self-organization because it is confused with intelligent design “design-beyond laws” as Michael Behe, a biochemist at Lehign University describes it. NCSE also pays lucrative fees to conference speakers who keep the lid on self-organization by beat the drum of Darwinian natural selection.”
I am still holding strong at my pre-pregnancy weight. Haven't lost any more- so it sucks. I need to make time to work out...I have to stop making excuses- I am always so sleepy and so all over the place because of the working and life...but I can't complain about life making it take awhile- I just need to make sure I am here to HAVE a life...I am getting there...still...2 years later and I am not better off than I was before...
I’m in a junkyard filled with smashed up cars. The world is set in a deep blue cast. The crushed cars are arranged as a labyrinth — the walls, six high. I am wondering through this maze and a woman, a college crush of mine, is following me. I’m annoyed by her presence. She never cared for me. Why the hell is she following me around? She flirting with me and I want her to stop.
Kim V. GOLDSMITH is the editor of Q&Art and administrator of Where is the Art (WITA). She is a multi-media artist currently exhibiting at the Coo-ee Heritage Centre at Gilgandra and has entered her fair share of art prizes over the past 10 years.
I can only admire the DWAGS - the darts wives and girlfriends - because if I was in their shoes, sat watching in that arena, and one of those guys up there was my husband or boyfriend, I don't think I'd be able to keep as calm as some of them do. I'd probably be on 3 valium and a bottle of Smirnoff before the second set - or watching from behind a copy of Take A Break...
Wednesday is my first day on the job, and boy am I excited to meet these kids. I hope I have satisfied all your Costa Rican knowledge cravings and feel free to post a comment if you’d like to know more. Tis all for now. Ciao.
THe publication is very similar to the Typology+, reviewed HERE on urbanTick, by the same publisher. However the Manual is more the technical publication entirely (beside the bright orange) in black and white focusing on the organisation and the actual floor plan, where Typology+ presents the housing project as a building and in colour. They serve different purposes and therefore can happily, with overlaps, coexist.
Sara xx
If you turn on any national news station you will hear about the leadership or lack there of, for the Republican canidate hopefuls or President Obama.
My college roommate, Agnes and I took a road trip with her 5-year old daughter Julia to the Bay Area. One night, we met our UCLA roommate Diane for dinner. Diane's vegan and she selected Green Papaya Thai in Berkeley.
I used 3 - 12"x4" strips of Cherry Cobbler and scored them every 1/2" for the Rosette. Then I used the Hearts Framelits to make the hearts. After I hot glued the rosette on to the Circle punch (behind the hearts) I hot glued the Cherry Cobbler bakers twine to hang the hearts on the bottom. The hot glue holds it in position quite well.
Click here to read more about Canada's health care system. T. R. Reid's book The Healing of America: A Global Quest for Better, Cheaper, and Fairer Health Care, includes a chapter on Canada.
To Alan McCombes’s Sheridan had the “matinee-idol looks of a Hollywood star, the vocal powers of a Christian fundamentalist preacher and the persuasive techniques of a door-to-door salesman”, and “a talent for quickfire soundbites” but seemingly little else.
One by one
Are you a comic book fan? If you're on facebook you can follow free comic book day and get information about it. While you're there, why not follow Lit and Laundry too? See you there!
Floating.
recently been giving Reese, one of her artists, some trouble. She claimed Reese
“No reasonable and thinking Malaysian would buy Najib’s blame yesterday alleging that Bersih 3.0 organisers were responsible for last Saturday’s violence,” the Ipoh Timor MP said.
Doing Mr. Rochester (Jane Eyre) is an erotic title seeped in sexy content.
It rained miserably, and we bought an umbrella.
“He found it funny,” said a nurse at the dental clinic. “If I spoke to him about it, he laughed and did it more.”
Place sugar, flour, baking powder and salt in mixer bowl and stir with mixer on lowest speed for about a minute. Add butter 1 tablespoon at a time waiting about 15 seconds after each addition and continue beating until mixture resembles coarse meal or butter in no larger and small English peas. Add about a 1/2 of egg mixture, increase speed to medium high and slowly add remaining egg mixture in a steady stream. Scrape down the sides and beat at medium high speed another 30 seconds. Remove paddle.
This is called a paradox. Now in the new view, consciousness is the ground of being. So who converts possibility into actuality? Consciousness does, because consciousness does not obey quantum physics. Consciousness is not made of material. Consciousness is transcendent. Do you see the paradigm-changing view right here—how consciousness can be said to create the material world?The material world of quantum physics is just possibility. It is consciousness, through the conversion of possibility into actuality, that creates what we see manifest. In other words, consciousness creates the manifest world.
Professional economists never give a date and a number. A Marxist told me I was too radical to go to graduate school so I am not a professional and can say when it all goes under. The economy in America and Europe is contracting. Inflation in America is between 11 and 12 %. Ben Bernanke is cranking out trillions of dollars to fund the US deficit and the bailouts of American and European banks. Dr Jim Willie estimates at least 2 trillion in the last 2 months. That is inflationary. As I have said before, inflation will go past 15 and then 18 and 20%. Paul Volcker cured the US of inflation back in 1979-1980 when he raised the home mortgage rate to 15 1/2 %. But Bernanke cannot do that. All he can do is lie about unemployment and inflation while he prints more and more money. He cannot allow bank reform and debt cancellation. Nor can he end fractional reserve banking and issue a debt free money. Bernanke is there to stop all reform so the bankers can steal what remains of our savings and pensions. Without these reforms inflation will creep upwards until it passes 18% and can no longer be covered up by the media. The bankers and their kept politicians and media pets will attempt to keep a lid on the situation until after the elections. But as soon as the elections are over the media will allow you to learn that inflation just passed 20% and foreign nations are demanding we do something about it.
1/2 Tsp Baking Soda (1 Tsp)
while carrying out his Nightingale survey, to inform Alan and I that he had just had 6 Avocet flying over Collard’s towards Grove. Over half an hour later they flew past us as we entered Marsh hide and dropped in at the Ramp which took us just 10 minutes to get back too. The Avocets stayed a further 10 minutes before flying off towards the coast. an arrival of 20+ Common Terns and Hobby numbers have increased to at least 16 birds. A notable 7 Bullfinches were seen with a pair in the Buddleia, a female by the Oxbow boats and 2 pairs in the ‘Jungle’. A single Ring-necked Parakeet flew over the river and there were
Kevin, welcome to Absolute Vanilla – it’s brilliant to see you surging ahead and finding your own way of getting your work out there. Congratulations are definitely in order!
regular ones.
Last night I had a run in with some kind of allergen and needed to make a quick trip to the doctor. The husband and I packed in the minions and headed off for an hour drive to the VA hospital (hey, it’s free healthcare, I’ll make a trip for it). We decided on the way to swing through a drive-thru and get the kids some food.
The phoebe goes out of its way to torment me. When I get close to the woods, no matter how far away from where the phoebe is singing, it stops singing. I’ll do my loop around the dead-end street I live on, then head south on the main street that also runs next to the woods. It’s about that time that the phoebe begins singing again, and even follows behind me as I go, but making sure that it stays well hidden back in the woods as it does so.
I have several things to post about including awesome food in Sydney but instead i'm blogging about about the one thing that I kind of want to blog about.
It always amaizes me how this car boot sale manages to present three times a week a good turnover of items so that it is now compelling to visit if one can on the days that sales take place.
-”I had bad day today , I missed your loving notes and your prayers. Mother ,too refused to take her medicine,she said that your tender smile and warm voice what heal her sick heart.”
We took the train from Berlin to Prague on Friday morning, and we passed through a lot of beautiful scenery on the way. We took the subway from the train station to our hostel, which was a little more confusing than some of the other cities as there was less English, but we managed to figure it out. The city seemed fairly busy, and I think a lot of that had to do with the fact that people here in Europe had Monday off, so it seemed like a lot of people were in Prague for the long weekend. After checking in to our hostel, we headed to the Old Town Square in the center of town to see the heart of the city. After getting some giant bratwursts from a vendor in the center of the square, we watched the large Astromonical Clock chime on the hour. It's cool because at the top of the hour, the clock is animated and you see all the 12 apostles appear, and it's just a neat thing to watch. I mean, it's not super high tech or amazing, but considering the fact the clock dates back to the early 1400's, it is pretty incredible. That's the great thing about Prague, it has so much beautiful medieval architecture, and the city was basically spared from the destruction that took place in so much of Europe during WWII, so it's extremely well-preserved. When you are walking around, you really feel like you're in a fairy tale! The Czech Republic is also very famous for it's beer, so since the weather was nice, we spent part of the afternoon sitting at an outdoor cafe trying some Czech beer, as well as trying out some of the delicious pastries the vendors on the square were selling. (I just love how they put Nutella on EVERYTHING in Europe, because Nutella on anything is amazing!) We spent the rest of the afternoon walking around the city and just exploring the areas around the Old Town Square and Wencelas Square. Even though the city of Prague is fairly large, we basically stayed in the historical center of town, or the area known as Praha 1, and it was great because everything in this area was really walkable. We had heard that going to a classical music concert in Prague was a great thing to do, so spur of the moment, we got some tickets for that evening for one of the many classical concerts held around the city. The one we saw featured the Czech Chamber Orchestra playing a variety of pieces from composers like Mozart, Vivaldi, and Dvorak. The concert was held on the steps inside the beautiful National Museum, and it was a really cool experience. The only problem was that both Cam and I were having a little bit of a problem staying awake, as we had gotten up really early that morning to catch our train, and classical music is just so soothing...After the concert we had dinner at this local Czech place near our hostel called The Ropemaker's Wife, and we really enjoyed it.
William's mother writes to him, telling him that God has a purpose for everything people do. She writes to him that she's sending him a painting and that her teacher, "Mr. Serapion," is teaching her to be more free in her work.
which developed during the 1980′s.
Blue chair to recover the rest of you. And to whisper what just happened to the chick from New Zealand.
I jumped off of the roof to the ground and I ran into my grandfather’s truck in the driver’s seat & I told the dog to jump in, the dog jumped in the truck took like he could understand me, and somehow my dad had the key to the truck; and so I cranked the truck up in a panic, and I started trying to reverse the truck to the street as the men ran outside shooting at us.
It’s been a dozen years since the fish kill. And while for many it may be forgotten, I don’t fish, sail, or enjoy any outdoor activity without being reminded of the damage to the White River. The Indiana Department of Natural Resources has not forgotten either.
Bad blood stains the familial tree,
Fresh air
Over at Grognardia today James mentions some pulp fantasy fiction in Dragon Magazine back in the day. I had an immediate thought I wanted to comment upon there, but rather than lay a negative on his blog, I will do it here where it belongs.
Today you’re at your first after-school club. I’m sure you’re having a ball, and especially looking forward to the pasta you’ll be having, followed by ice-cream. Pasta again, guess what we’re not having for dinner tonight?
I appreciate my followers. I hope you continue to enjoy the site. I am working on the next FUNooze story right now.
Grilled chicken breasts, broccoli, salad, fresh bread
6 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, pounded 1/4 inch thick
No offense, Duchovny. You'll always be close to my heart—mainly because you played Fox Mulder in the X-Files and really didn't do any of that awkward-kissing business.
- Sidekick out of Champagne glasses? Why not.
-high knee in the corner into the bulldog by Punk.
What should I do next? Austria, Italy? 19th century plays? The 1890s? Maybe too big, that one. The late 1890s? 19th century literary criticism – but who would want to read along with that? Mountaineering books? Old timey kiddie lit? Ideas welcome.
"That's difficult, sir." the Commander comments, "He is known as Shredder Smith for the ruthless way in which he has downsized key departments in Starfleet."
“Have we completely ruled out pregnancy?”
(If you want the next installment, you'll have to look at the webcam yourself).
“The Supreme Court’s decision not to review this case is befuddling because it has already ruled multiple times in other equal access cases that the First Amendment protects religious worship the same as secular speech.”
Now, where was I?
Sprinkle with seafood seasoning, usually a combination of salt and sweet paprika.
“That’s up to you to determine. I can’t tell you what to think,” said Tammy. “ Just remember that at this stage of the pregnancy, the embryo is about the size of a pea.” she said, using her thumb and her forefinger to show the size.”
Jocelyne Loewen ... Carol
I don’t know how it is in other places, but around here we are littered with Evos and STI’s. Not that it is necessarily a bad thing, they are great cars, but when 99% of them all look the same it gets a little old. I mean look at it this way, most of the people I know or have seen with them around here spend A LOT of money on big turbo stuff, built motors, and what have you, but that is where the spending stops. I mean I am all for a fast and awesome handling car, hell that is what those kind of cars are built for, but why on this entire earth would you ruin what could be a very complete and very nice car, with a set of Rotas or XXR’s or what have you that almost EVERY Evo and STI owner has around here.
What is also amazing and somewhat unusual, is that my husband and I are in the photo together, thanks to whoever took the camera from me and snapped this pic! And that thought brought about the idea of placing a camera embellishment on my page. I found this camera clip art image in the public domain and free for personal use, cut it out with my die-cutting machine, matted it on white paper, cut again by hand and added a little heart. Fun!
Not all of us are fortunate enough go to the Porsche Human Performance Centre in the UK, however one can benefit from viewing the videos to better understand the extensive training that goes into a car racing drivers as a true athlete of the track.
Still mulling over a pick for this month’s book club. If you guys have any suggestions, I need a light read this month.
What a smart guy. :) This is the perfect comeback to nip a current topic right in the bud and move onto bigger and better things.
“I will, but only if you record it word for word.” His voice isn’t as coarse as it was before. Whatever his inner demons are, they moved away for him to say this to me.
In 1778, Yang Tai Chow was the first recorded Chinese to migrate to India for better material prospects. He put down roots in Kolkata, or Calcutta in West Bengal, the then capital of British India and the easiest accessible metropolitan area from China by land.
Global Coordinator
It’s been a stormy week in London, with bright sun and blue skies interspersed with drenching sheets of rain and rolling thunder – often within the same half-hour. It’s been unnerving, but now that it’s Friday it’s feeling a little tropical.
I so want to have Him perform for me all the works and it just seemed like this week was an awesome week of getting lots done.(this was also a super busy ministry week). Some of you may not know that I struggle with fibromylgia and there are days that nothing seems to get accomplished. I want to rest just as much in knowing that that's the work he is accomplishing in me during that time too- to just rest which is so hard for me.
Saying they have unfinished brains compares to saying a new moon hasn’t 'finished' until it swells to a full moon. The Teen brain marks one moment in the cycle of the brains life where it has enormous potential for one kind of behavior - risk taking, adventure, romantic expression."I urge you to read the whole post. It's not very long. Personally, I just loved it, and will send it straight to the next person who seeks to silence and dis-empower a teen by telling them of their faulty brains!
So anyway, Kome. I live in the hood, which in the seven years I've been here has become a bustling hub-- some might say gentrified hipster hellhole-- of restaurants, bars and coffee shops. I was glad to see Kome open, but hadn't managed to get over there until the other night. Boy oh boy was it good.
head to the "boat" as we call them here in KC
h & m jacket
“Too much energy, can’t sit still and I can do that in bed.”
It's just enough to see a shooting star
How can someone do this? How can a mother leave her children?
Gribben does mention a story called The Garden of Forking Paths by Jorge Luis Borges in which he speculates that each choice made by every human results in a split in the universe and that results in a constantly branching multiverse in which versions of the same people are living a whole series of alternate lives.
“It’s a world that hosts the best of the best, the greatest individual entities in the universe. We call them Exemplars. We call it Hypostatica. Do you understand?”
1/3 cup egg whites
An early childhood memory of a family holiday in India is of walking down a road alongside an elephant bedecked in garlands, painted and bejeweled, with a carriage on its back carrying a bride and groom to their wedding ceremony. They were accompanied by a procession of musicians, dancers and wedding guests. Romantic or what?!
This oil business directorship for an elected politician raises immediate concerns about possible conflicts of interest, given that Petronas controls all Malaysia’s contracts in the international oil business and much of that oil is off the coast of Sarawak!
What appeared to be a success soon turned to failure. That summer a great many French soldiers, as well as thousands of civilians, caught yellow fever and died. L’Ouverture began to plot an uprising against the weakened French, but blacks loyal to Leclerc managed to lure him within the French lines and capture him. Leclerc packed L’Ouverture off to jail in France where he caught tuberculosis and died. Nevertheless, as disease continued to ravage the white troops, Leclerc began to depend increasingly on the doubtful loyalty of black generals and their followers. To Leclerc’s dismay, Napoleon rescinded the ban on the slave trade and urged the re-establishment of slavery in the colonies. The black soldiers were furious, and many went into insurrection. Napoleon reestablished restrictions on mulattos as well-something completely impossible to enforce in San Domingo-which broke down the strong antipathy between blacks and mulattos and united them against the French.
Well, I am in the process of healing. In fact, this morning I no longer have a congestion-sized elephant taking up residence on my chest. That’s progress. Getting a sinus infection/bronchitis/fever doesn’t happen in the blink of an eye, and neither does healing from said yuckiness. The past few days Florence Nightingale, aka Katie, has been at my side; watching me like a hawk, cooking, cleaning, shopping (when she’s not at my side), driving me to the doctor’s and generally nursing me back to health. Thank you Katie. Because of my diabetes, infections are dangerous and wildly impact blood sugars. I do not feel comfortable being by myself when this ill. Yesterday Katie and I watched the Tigers win on Opening Day while playing Scrabble. She beat me about half the time; a sure sign that I am under the weather (Just kidding Katie).
“I remind all media that they have to be accurate; we are not celebrating the first anniversary of the revolution; we are reviving the revolution in its first anniversary,” tweeted well-known writer Ayman El-Sayyad.
The fame as Post Captains, with a plain Gold Epaulette, as in the Full Dress, to take off and put on occasionally.
The young DJ with the diverse taste soon caught the ears and eyes of various socialites and New York celebrities, including fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger, who featured Ronson along with other sons and daughters of celebrities in a 1997 fashion campaign. A year later, hip-hop mogul Sean "P. Diddy" Combs hired Ronson to DJ his fabled 29th birthday bash. These and other high-profile gigs boosted Ronson's "hip quotient" and helped promote his more serious-minded music career. Fusing his eclectic turntable skills with his knowledge of musical instruments and songwriting, Ronson eventually embarked on his first solo project. Featuring such diverse guest artists as dancehall rapper Sean Paul, hip-hop artist Mos Def, Jack White of the White Stripes, and Rivers Cuomo of Weezer, Ronson's debut album, Here Comes the Fuzz, bowed for Elektra in 2003.
The Bhagavad Gita encourages reasoning and dialogue while terrorists are blind to any reasoning and are closed to any form of dialogue.
3) The skinny person usually comes from a skinny family
But one afternoon I had ESPN on (as I often do) and some commercial came on, I want to say it was advertising a car. It had a real funky, almost 80ish kind of beat, then the idea struck. What if we did a song in worship driven principally by a real simple beat? Often our songs in contemporary worship are based upon a guitar riff, or a simple melody, or a bombastic chorus – but I don’t see many songs moving with a simple groovy beat. Why not break out of the mold – because by doing a song built in a different way it will draw in the congregation during worship.
All because we do not carry
Can you guess what brought the highest bid at the auction? Yep. Basketball tickets. Two tickets for one game went for $2500, as much as five or six of the paintings put together. Doesn't that say something to the organizers? Their crowd doesn't want art. It wants sports stuff or trips. Give them what they want, and raise more money. Let the artists create for those who appreciate their work.
3. impediment
After a scrumptious dinner, some of the "elder" friends went home (and I do say that lovingly... it was their choice!) while the rest of us went to my (as you already know) FAVORITE entertainment venue, Shadowbox Cabaret. My loving Hubs had a wonderful surprise for me... CHER! Yes, CHER came out and sang a version of the song "Do You Believe in Love"... with a few birthday twists, of course. (S)he was HOT, man! HOT! Here's a photo as proof. Cher!!
I never miss a chance to slather on some lipsgloss and scarf some free muffins. Do you? I thought not. Plus it's just freaking cool to get to go places like the National Press Club. Yes, I took pictures of the napkins.
Our son, Alex…what a BLESSING given to us from GOD. Back when we didn’t know if we could ever carry a baby to full term, here he was. He is our RIPLEY’s BELIEVE IT OR NOT baby (if you want to read his story…GO HERE) and with his pregnancy, daddy was gone for ALL 9 MONTHS because 9/11 had just happened and james was activated to Texarkana!!! But he made it for the birth of our FIRST BABY BOY…BLESSINGS…
Most of my images are now available in this format - many are hanging up in the galleries and others can be requested as special orders (which Matt makes himself, and I of course sign!). Prices range from $95 for the square detail open editions up to $325 for the really big ones. Limited Editions of gallery exclusives are also available by phone/email/gallery too. If you're not in the area, simply call 407-827-8200 or also email online popgallery.manager@me.com
Prepare for a rash of updating . . . I will soon be posting all of the cards I've made at OCL classes, cards from Stampin' Up demonstration classes and quite possibly some of my scrapbooking projects and Photography. I also intend to post some wedding photos and mostly catch up with recent events. Once I get some of that out of the way -- I can move on to new projects!!!!
8:00-9:00 PM Gossip Girl (season finale)
With the Diamond Jubilee and London Olympics fast approaching, many companies are proud to fly the British flag. Not Asda.
Whilst the diners at the Aberdeen Angus Steak House appeared all to be tourists,I've no doubt that if the concept were to be rolled out nationwide it would be just as busy,but not exclusively with tourists.
Some examples of how I have faced fear, giving up (in a good way):
And the title: who says the Bible and suchlike goes out of date? These songs I'm listening to were taken off an old LP record from the 70's and the words are just as true today as they ever were:
1354 **D-VII/3/2000. “The Declaration of Independence Revisited.” Alumni Reunion, Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago, Lorelei Hanson Residence, Geneva, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2000(9), above, pp. 66-86.)
It's a bright hot pink with red and coral in it, super-opaque, smooth, long-lasting. Yah, it's bold, and yah, it takes a smooth chap-free lip (Lansinoh or Vaseline and an old toothbrush will sort you out). The kind of lipstick you would wear if you were one of those bathing beauties in an Esther Williams movie. It’s incredible with pale skin (I am still pre-fake-tan this year, so I'm milky-white. You know, the kind of white with a bit of blue in it? Yah that's me), and I saw a very bronzed girl trying it on and she looked breathtaking. It would look amazing on Asian skintones and phenomenal on darker skin. It makes your teeth whiter and your eyes brighter. It's hopelessly devoted to you. Like a young Olivia Newton-John.
First, it is the most common primary function, almost twice as common as the second- and third-most common, and firmly twice as common as the fourth- and fifth-most common primary functions. Second, if we examine the the two most common extroverted primary functions, we notice that both share Introverted Sensation as their secondary function. Taken with the commonality of Introverted Sensation as a primary type, we can see that nearly half the population has a strong reliance upon Introverted Sensation.
Nor do I ever have an opinion about it (except that as awesome as Yao Ming might be, he’s really not that attractive…sorry. Girl thoughts.), but this Jeremy Lin thing is kinda relevant for the moment, don’t you think? I feel kind of awkward just jumping in with an opinion on something sports-based when I don’t give a crap at any other time, but I thought it needed to be pointed out..
The best rubber Gloves, Mr. Clean Bliss Clean: latex-free and lined in super soft cotton, these are so comfortable , you won't want to take them off. And they won't make your hands sweat, even after you've done a load of dishes.
Neglected a blog
You name it, I guess they got it!
It is time for the collective consciousness to transforms fear. It is the vibration of fear that continues to allow humanity to drag its feet. Fear limits your power and it is fear that stops evolution. This fear vibration has been carried in the consciousness of humans for eons of time. It can always be easily triggered by real or imagined threats to your well-being and to that which is familiar.
16 - Nur Nur
"Yeah, just Barry, right?" I hope Barry doesn't take my just as being dismissive of his tonsil-tickling abilities, more that I'm glad he was the only one. The direction of conversation is swiftly turned to the direction of 'Members of the Irish rugby team whom Kevin has nearly come to blows with in a nightclub' and everyone is drunk and happy.
I don’t know whether I did this on my own or we were prompted by a form, but this poem illustrates the Acrostic verse form:
- Expelled: No Intelligence Allowed (Ben Stein)
To see even one ordinary Indian mother embrace her ordinary son warms the heart. Imagine eighteen divine mothers embracing their All-Attractive “child!” The scene evokes the indescribable heights of infinite motherly love.
Kate Hudson and I were paired up with Katie McKenna and began understanding what the project was about and what Katie wanted to accomplish. The nice thing about this experience was the Brett and Ben had all of the teams create a concise idea before coming to Hot Hacks, so we had a good idea to begin with and rolled with it. What Katie envisioned was a way to showcase the different perspectives of various speakers regarding our environment. To do this, we wanted to use a parallax effect and separate the project into different sections that the user could scroll through and experience each perspective independently with its own unique theme. Another issue that we had to address early on was the fact that Popcorn has a tendency to throw a lot of information at you very abruptly. To combat this we used various transitions and effects to blur content that wasn’t the primary focus at the moment and ease it in when it was relevant. In doing so we created an experience that allows the user to focus on what the speaker is saying but also annotate important information when it made sense. Another unique aspect of our project was the fact that we utilized scrolling to drive the Popcorn experience throughout the demo. This meant that the user could freely explore the page with the opportunity to jump between perspectives seamlessly. This meant that the user could navigate as they saw fit and not feel like we were spoon feeding them a linear experience.
Speaking of rebels:
Of sky lady's dress.
The shift to the Madara-Kages fight was a bit saddening to know that their conversation would end as bit as that, but at the same time exciting to know that with all the talk and insults in this chapter, we might get a better look in the next chapter’s fight-fueled and fight-filled pages or sparks of truth from the previous generation.
and never have to worry about reporting for work. Even if I do really like my job most days, and they let me do crafts… That’s right, my office supply store lets me do crafts at work (cuz we sell them), and lets me do crafts at home that I can bring to work at people can see. I have an awesome job, I just like sunrise and spooky stories and houses better.
HARBARTH S, SIEGRIST CA, SCHIRA JC, WUNDERLI W, PITTET D. Influenza immunization: improving compliance of healthcare workers. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 1998; 19: 337-342.
Victoria had strengths in research and development in high-level manufacturing sectors such as biotechnology, nanotechnology and solar energy that lent themselves to collaborative partnerships.
In early 1975, Jimi checks himself into an undisclosed rehab facility after the overdose death of his girlfriend in Los Angeles. He spends six months at the center and after his release purchases a ranch house in upstate New York and retreats from the spotlight. Jimi spends most of 1976 at his ranch, recording numerous tracks in his home studio which would later be released under the name Before The Storms after his death in 2004. In the summer of 1977, he is contacted by Quincy Jones and asked to play guitar on Michael Jackson’s Off The Wall but declines.
Tuesday, December 27, I will put all the names in a wide mouth canning jar and draw the winner out randomly... I will then post the name on the Canning Granny Facebook Page ... the winner will have 48 hours to email me at canninggranny@gmail.com with their Name and Mailing Address. Should I NOT hear from the winner, I will draw another name on Thursday, December 29 and post THAT name on Facebook as well.
As it slowly sinks in that someone has donated $40 million to build a year-round indoor recreation facility near Pier 5 in Brooklyn Bridge Park -- the biggest gift ever donated to a park in New York City -- many folks are asking: who is philanthropist Joshua Rechnitz?
is this what I’m designed to do?
You let me rest
So three cheers for Waterstone's and may all book shops with enough space follow suit.
My red is so confident he flashes trophies of war and ribbons of euphoria. Orange is young, full of daring, but very unsteady for the first go round. My yellow in this case is not so mellow, in fact I'm trying to say it's frightened like me. And all of these emotions of mine keep holding me from givin’ my life to a rainbow like you.
Speaking of the commuter rail... apparently my MBTA anger is amusing, because one of my tweets from last night made it into the Top 10 #MBTA Tweets of the Week. I think now that I'm famous, I might have to change the profile pic on my Twitter account. I look like a psychopath... or Willy Wonka. Your choice.
Was it a dream, or is the dream life a reality that we come back to every night?
This snuggling and rocking is one of my favorite rituals. Early on I learned that I needed to embrace this time and not allow any thoughts other than this beautiful task to invade our sacred moments together. I used to sit with my infant and make lists about other things that needed to be done once I got the baby to sleep. It didn't take long to realize that not only did she pick up on this energy and not settle as well, but that I wasn't allowing myself to be present for one of the most precious things I did with my child. Once I let go of the task-oriented thought process, I became the one who wanted to rock longer than necessary and enjoy our quiet time for just a few more minutes. It became the time when we could cast aside our worries, or share them, and then turn them loose to the universe. It was, is, healing for us.
Can he keep up the charade of marriage with a woman who has no idea the love of her life is a sham?
Birmingham Museum of Art, Birmingham, AL (as of 8-31). Gail Treschel, director, reported downed trees but nothing serious.
T.J. Miller
-Because we only started with a day's worth of cloth diapers for her at 5 weeks, we also used disposables (mostly of which were gifts from showers) when I wash the cloth diapers.
(Not updated yet)
You’re the same kind of bad as me
I’d been meaning to cheer on the NYC Marathon forever, but especially after Helen’s birth. Like with Labor Day on Eastern Parkway, and Halloween in Park Slope, I could see the Brooklyn-ness of a new tradition develop: Matt and Annie’s house on Douglass Street, mugs of hot coffee on Fourth Ave, waving at runners and posing for pictures . . . Helen turned four. Mason started talking. Finally, with two MFA classmates running and Helen wanting to make a rainbow sign, we decided this was the year to add another notch in our certifiably Brooklyn belts.
And now its time for bed. Its a school night, after all.
I suppose it would be nice to have an original masterpiece hanging in my living room – I’m not sure it would be The Scream if I had unlimited funds to buy any work of art in the world. NPR, actually posed this question, but I’m not sure – maybe a Kandinsky. Years back, I saw an exhibit of his work at the Guggenheim that absolutely floored me. The Guggenheim, what a building – it’s like a spaceship or a parking deck.
I had a lot of fun ditching the patterned paper and keeping it simple with some colored polka dots, I mean, how can you go wrong with dots, right?
Tuesday that prohibits state and local governments from contracting with
it's meant to yearn
(8) there is evidence of abnormalities in the autonomic nervous system (including a failure to maintain blood pressure, abnormal responses of the heart rate, and unusual pooling of blood in the legs, as well as low levels of blood volume);
Hallo Liebe Copic-Fans!
All the trails are well-marked and easy to navigate, most had benches along the way. Since we were there in such an off-season, we practically had the place to ourselves (not to mention half-off on the hotel!)
Following the verdict, Taylor, who has always denied the charges, was axed from his position as Kidsgrove ward councillor on Newcastle Borough Council with immediate effect.
So we have this house that we're staying in, for free, until we're able to buy a house here. It's smaller than our old house, so we planned to leave approximately 1/2 of our belongings in boxes, which we unloaded directly into the basement.
My family room decor is Native American Indian,
The fall image is going to be pretty difficult to draw because of the foliage included, so it may take me a bit longer to make than the others. I really really need a picture for the minister image- Am having a hard time wrapping my head around that one.
What an awful day, weather wise that is, the sun came out for a while this afternoon, so hubby went for a walk, and came back soaked to the skin and freezing cold. I on the other hand was sensible and stayed in and made a card.
If you have even a passing interest in IP litigation or Internet logjams, you’ll no doubt have heard about the pitched battle between Oracle and Google over Android, Google’s mobile operating system. Earlier this week, a jury in the Northern District of California found that Google violated copyright laws when it used Java APIs to design Android—but could not reach a resolution on whether Google’s use of APIs constituted fair use. (Click here for a peek at the verdict, courtesy of ArsTechnica).
After a talk about thankfulness I realized that my kids probably have never truly been exposed to those in need (besides our distant relationship with a Compassion International child Ny supports).
I’m looking forward to LOST tonight and it promises to answer some questions on Richard, who is quite the Mystery Man. The Man Who Never Ages. Any LOST fans out there?
I'm not buying it.
Welcome to my world.... Don't yawn. That's my life.
One would wonder if there are also "long held concerns" about the many smaller public hospitals and private hospitals that do not have medical personnel on site 24/7. Surely no-one imagines that all pregnant women should be herded into large baby-factory hospitals that process births like cars off a production line?
Happy Stampin' & Scrappin'
I'm the internet's crappiest blogger.
Then the side of your eye where the hard bone grows.
DAVID BAILEY I LOVE YOU.
Britons buying in rural Bulgaria came here to acquire property and land at rock bottom prices. Considering the language and cultural differences, the time constraints and the plentiful enterprises established primarily to separate them from their money, the vast majority seem to have ended up with more or less exactly what they had hoped for. Whether they were aware of it at the time of purchase or not, they were also committing financially, emotionally and physically to their new, declining rural communities.
But there was a day I saw it. And I will never forget it. I think that if I can make this practice a habit, and learn regularly to see God in others (in whatever way God is present in them), I will encounter God more often. I wouldn’t feel quite so often as if God is so far away. Instead, I would talk with God every day, in every person I meet. Whoever seeks, finds.
Heat another 2 tablespoons of oil to the large pot and add the onions, carrots, mushrooms, and potatoes. Cook for 10 minutes over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Add the garlic and cook for 2 more minutes. Place all the vegetables in the Dutch oven over the beef. Add 2 1/2 cups of the reserved marinade to the empty pot and cook over high heat to deglaze the bottom of the pan, scraping up all the brown bits with a wooden spoon. Add the chicken stock, rosemary, sun-dried tomatoes, Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon salt, and 2 teaspoons pepper. Pour the sauce over the meat and vegetables in the Dutch oven and bring to a simmer over medium heat on top of the stove. Cover the pot and place it in the oven to bake it for about 2 hours, until the meat and vegetables are all tender, stirring once during cooking. If the stew is boiling rather than simmering, lower the heat to 250 or 275 degrees F.
I know, I know...so behavioristic! I'm not a huge propronent of this philosophy but something had to give. We'll do this for a week or two until things settle down, then we'll take a break and see what happens. I generally find this stuff works for a little while, usually just long enough for mommy not to lose her mind, and really, isn't that what it's partially about!!
9:00pm – Post Match Party at Tiki’s Grill & Bar on Waikiki Beach
I should also mention Lion King 3D. I don't think that the 3D added anything to this movie HOWEVER, being able to see a film that had such an impact on my childhood, in the cinema environment, with my friends was an experience I'll never forget. It is a truly magnificent film and I STILL cried when Mufasa died even though I dare not count the number of times that I that I've seen this movie.
But while it’s plausible to be suspicious, for a GOP dirty trickster to prop up Greene as a strawman would be too blatant. They’d be more likely to put money behind someone with some political involvement and name recognition. Money inevitably leaves a paper trail, and if the trail led back to a GOP clandestine operative, the scandal could blow the party out the water. If Democratic voters suspected hanky panky with Greene they could have easily ignored him and voted for his chief rival, Vic Rawl, a judge, who served on several state commissions, and was a four term state legislator. He was the Democratic Party favorite. But voters didn’t. They overwhelmingly picked Greene.
I debated whether or not to share this story. I decided to do so because as terrible as it was, I hope that blogging about it will be somewhat therapeutic. I am going to leave out some of the more unsavory details because I just don't want to relive them.
Kat Latham has a post about why an agent has to love your novel before they can sell it. I’ve talked about this before when I talked about getting an offer for my book. A lot of people have a list of “dream agents” that would like to work with. I can understand that, but really, I think the most important thing is to have an agent who loves your work. Although it’s a business partnership and you may become friends with your agent, you will have someone who is willing to fight for you if he or she really cares about your book.
Does God work miracles today? Without a doubt. Is he doing them at regularly scheduled pre-planned events calculated to bring glory and riches to men? Not likely. If your pastor is getting into this sort of thing, lovingly offer him a ride to the nearest critical care unit, pediatric cancer ward, or severe burn treatment center, so he can really put his “anointing” to use free of charge. Or better yet, take him to the morgue. If he can slap your Aunt Boo-Boo upside the head and heal her ingrown toenail, surely it’s only a difference in degree between that “miracle” and raising the dead. Right?
...and in return, America would divert all "space" efforts, veering away from accomplishment and toward wheel-spinning. Spending lots of money but getting nothing done at all. The timing works, by the way. Certainly George W. Bush's nonsensical notion of wasting our time by going back to the sterile moon fit that lurid but snarky scenario.)
"He is Here"
Sheriff Seth Bryan is bitter and cynical at having lost everything he values. Is he manufacturing crimes to bring him the notoriety he craves?
Dancing queen, feel the beat
And a billion other human-beings,
*”I’m not questioning your honor Lord Slynt. I’m denying its existence.”
Maybe if they don't lose my card, I'll get sent a link to the video, so I'll be able to see what the finished film looks like, and how the dancing man fits into it all.
The FINAL item I will be asking for, and nothing matters if this doesn't get approved, is that I want the district to train my son's teacher and aide in proper restraints and moving a melting kid.
On June 13, we partnered with a local Mary Kay representative, Callie Brown, for “Makeovers for Mango Tree Foundation.” 50% of the proceeds from the sale of that evening’s sales were donated to Mango Tree. We raised around $800! A great way to raise awareness and to support a local businesswoman. I love these kinds of collaborations.
Open to anyone 13 or older who can receive and use an egift card.
I found this poem when I was much younger in a drawer at my house. I think someone got it to read for school and forgot about it but I fell in love with it and put it in my scrap book. It’s called “If” by Rudyard Kipling.
The Durham Police Department—nationally known for seeming to violate every standard in the book—is up for re-accreditation from the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies. The assessment team: Broward County (FL) Sheriff Roy Liddicott; Independence (MO) Bureau Commander (ret.) Raymond Rast; and Knoxville (TN) Lt. Shawna Williams.
Oh well not to worry I'm keen to give this another go once I get my hands on some proper rubbing alcohol. If you haven't yet tried this technique give it a crack, it's really effective when done successfully!
That is more will be able to try poker for free wit free poker money promotions. You don’t have to deposit any money if you try on of this promotion and you don’t need a credit card to play poker for free.
Use a butter knife to loosen each muffin and serve warm.
Afghanistan, this place of rock and death, home to the poppy and the other, what right we to change it, to rush in bristling with guns, what right we to make of Iraq a colony, hanging its sovereign leader in the process and yes what right we to berate Iran when it is we that parade across the world as mad dogs, mad dogs out in the mid day sun. Not too long ago the Muslim was a protected species, part of the colonising coalition, now of course it fits purpose for hate to have a face, for the shoring up of enmity for the building up of the pyre. Some call themselves nationalists yet all they talk of is hate, hate for Islam and that then is all, yet you aid the agenda as if you impose it, you create only the option of bloodshed and nothing more, not for me your brand of nationalism your fakery and sham, your contentment to chase a people to death attack dogs of the new order.
FACEBOOK PAGE FOR “FORECLOSURE STRATEGIST”
Over at the LET’S CRAFT AND CREATE challenge blog they are celebrating their 1st Birthday (I can’t believe that it has been a year already) They want you too re-visit a previous challenge, so i have gone for #11 – A stitch in time/ #19 –Sew Lovely/ #8 – It’s Christmas and #2 – Cute.
Okay, that part is a vague and convoluted and, let me say dark, so I will try my best to sum it up without giving too much away. Rubashov is a Party frontrunner who is accused of leading oppositional turbulence and of plotting the murder of No. 1, another frontrunner. Who this No. 1 is, I do not know his name yet. In fact, some of the characters here are named after numbers, based on their prison cell numbers. Rubashov is No. 404, but of course, he is never referred to as that. His neighbors are not 403 and 405, but 402 and 406. So you see, odd-numbered cells stay on one side and across them are the even-numbered ones.
A writer doesn't have to experience some things to write about them. George Lucas didn't experience having to fly around in an X-wing and blowing up the Death Star to write about it. As far as I know, anyway.... and Sharon Hinck didn't have to step through a portal and save the world to write about Susan Mitchell, again, as far as my knowledge goes....
However, the effluent Boris is not likely to damage his electoral prospects greatly, as the alternative, Ken Livingstone, is even worse – both as a human being and a politician. Voters, therefore, are likely to be holding on to Boris for fear of something worse.
After the craft show, I went grocery shopping and came home to get the two oldest girls ready for a surprise! For their birthday, they both wanted to get a pedicure with me. So we all three got one at the same time today. This is something that I've dreamed about since I knew I was going to have a daughter 6.5 years ago. And today was our first experience. Someday, I plan on getting all 6 of us in at once.
Have what you need to write with, ready
Meant to post this earlier. I forgot it was Tuesday. Enjoy
no one tells you that to truly enjoy laughing you have to cry. a lot. that hard things can make or break a marriage, but if you are committed to making it, you realise you love your spouse more than you thought you ever could. that hot tea & days at home are nicer. that kisses from daniel, smiles from isaac & time with family would be more special.
5. The smell of suntan lotion
It seems Spring has Sprung! I'm certainly ready for some warmer weather. I'm still waiting for that last push of cold we always seem to get right before Summer hits (we don't really have a spring here) but the weeds, and bushes, and postapocalyptic wasteland of my back yard are not waiting around for the official announcement of Spring.
4 images of the winner's choice!
Senior Manager, Registry
International Contemporary Ensemble
Rough translation of the main part of the interview
If only it were so simple.
Since wolf hunting and trapping seasons opened last fall, 378 wolves have been killed in Idaho, which has no cap on killing and several ongoing open seasons. An additional 166 wolves were killed in Montana, which has now closed its season. Contrary to promises, hunting and trapping have appeared to inflame anti-wolf sentiment, with comments and pictures appearing on the Internet that boast of wolf killing and call for more slaughter.
4) Pre-manufacturing (blueprint/CAD) phase of prototype design.
10. Actorian Wars
I got to interview Cesar last week preceding his visit, and he has had a neat history, followed by a career that most artists would envy.
The Boulevard Pub will have Unfiltered Wheat, Pale Ale and Pilsner, plus Single-Wide I.P.A., Amber Ale and the current Boulevard seasonal.
My first idea was to write about digital painting. You know, why CG painting is easier than traditional painting, why it's quite impossible to emulate oil painting or what was/is it's impact on the industry. The kind of things digital painters have to write because they feel guilty. I sometimes have the feeling using a computer is a sin. Strangely, 20 years ago, I had the same feeling with airbrush. I'm too old to spend my time justifying it to myself, and by the way it's not very interesting.
And I just wanna
Most nurses get very mad at me for such views. Not always. I know more nurses than doctors. I'm sure many doctors would also think I am trouble. But how would they know? Thanks to John Edwards and others in the insincere tort business, they are better off if they have covered their legal tracks completely than if you live. You go in and they say you seem ok, go home, and you get sick or die, then John and colleagues might ruin you in court.
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) is a government organization whose roots go back more than two centuries. It collects, analyzes, predicts and disseminates data on weather. Why does it need a corporate predator to teach it how to chew the fat, or shoot the breeze?
And then last night something happened. I lost hold with one hand and was in a free fall heading straight for the side of a rocky cliff. Swinging through the air, holding onto the rope that I should not have trusted in the first place I knew the rocks were getting close. And then…SPLAT.
Taylor, John W.R. Rockets and Missiles. Feltham, England : Odhams. (127 p.) 10 x 13 cm.
8:00 – Woods, MV & EE, Joshua Light Show @ Abrons Art Center $20
I hate to be the bearer of hard (gravitational) truth, but no one who is 43 looks as if he or she is in the late 20s (or early 30s, either). And if people are telling you that you do, they are fibbing to make you feel better.
Requires a great deal of leisure, best for this particular type of necklace for an unfortunate buses.
It ends, weak and staggering with Henry at 108, as the sly, devious republicans continue to press their exclusive rendering of who's Irish as the only acceptable answer, nearly a century after Henry's rebels fought in 1916 for a somewhat more inspired vision of equality. For Henry and Doyle's other characters, it's a sobering scenario, and the trilogy continues its descent down to where it started, full of misunderstanding, fear, and betrayal. It's clever often in Doyle's sober take on mythic ways Ireland is made, but it moves at a measured pace and with few moments of peace to relieve the relentless darkness that surrounds most of Henry's days. It rewards those who know this period in Irish history and who have read volumes one and two, but it is not cheerful reading, and it is intricate, at times halting action, as devious republicans never stop outguessing our Henry. This wears out the novel's energy.
In the majority judgement, the court held that the Reconciliation Act did not make the fact that McBride committed murder untrue.
The W Hotel on Union Square in New York is still thought of by most New Yorkers as the Guardian Life Building. It’s a decent 1911 skyscraper with a damned big mansard roof. One of its more visually distinctive features is the big sign on the roof, something that is rare in New York outside of Times Square.
With parents like those, the world is never going to improve. Luckily, several of the comments were positive or sympathetic.
Vishal, Sasikumar, Richa adjudged as best actors; Vaagai Sooda Vaa sweeps 7 awards
Giant 3.2-inch, 921k-dot hi-res LCD with auto brightness control is optimized for breathtakingly detailed viewing of still images or Full HD video in any ambient light. It provides magnification settings up to 46X for critical focus confirmation, plus in-camera and external monitor viewing options.
The Hunt is like that. Plus, there's the actual, you know, HUNT, which is also similar to the idea of the games, but twisted. I can't say much more without giving stuff away, but think more along the mutt dogs end of things and a whole lot less sweet Peeta moments (there really is only the very tiny beginnings of romance, even though the blurb makes it seem like it's more of a focus).
Skiers were shuttled in school buses to Cable and the start of the race. There they removed their street clothes and stored all their possessions in a white plastic draw string bag which had their ski bib number on it.
but he kissed her anyway
If you passed somebody in the street who was smiling slightly maniacally, handing out spiritual books with great enthusiasm, and telling people how wonderful the world is once you accept the love of the almighty Krntqz, I’m guessing you’d move on swiftly and try not to make eye contact. This is not a worldview you’re familiar with, it clashes with your own, and this person’s behaviour looks far more like that of a certifiable lunatic than a true prophet. People in cultures far different from our own have undoubtedly had identical reactions to a similar scenario, in which the word “Krntqz” is merely replaced with “Jesus”. Would you have earned Krntqz’s anger, if he turns out to be the one true god, any less than they should incur the wrath of Yahweh?
2003 Bindaree (6th); 2004 Shardam (UR 3rd), Bindaree (UR 6th); 2005 Bindaree (11th), 2006 Baron Windrush (UR 3rd); 2007 Knowhere (UR 8th); Naunton Brook (PU bef 23rd), 2008 Fundamentalist (Fell 3rd), Ardaghey (Fell 4th), Naunton Brook (PU 19th), Knowhere (UR 25th); 2009 Battlecry (16th), Ollie Magern (Fell 2nd), Fundamentalist (PU 21st), Knowhere (PU 25th); 2010 Hello Bud (5th), Beat The Boys (PU 19th), Ballyfitz (Fell 22nd), Ollie Magern (PU 28 th); 2011 Hello Bud (PU 29th), Grand Slam Hero (Fell 13th)
This area has turned into a sort-of wishing pond for tourists.
and the still-soapy water poured
My favourite drink is getting too expensive these days to be playing beery Russian Roulette with my next pint not knowing whether it will be in awesome, awful or just alright condition. I know the Cask Marque system of accreditation exists as an indicator of a pub that serves well kept beer and the nature of beer as a living product means that it will change in the cask but sometimes there's no excuse for sloppy cellarcraft in some pubs.
ascertained his identity before
been enjoying the goodness all day long. Remember, the crop is here on the Frosted Designs
A piece, a handful of something eatable. Old and young, jobless and pensioners, Greeks and immigrants. People who cannot even afford to buy a loaf of bread for 0.80 euro. Scenes of a society sinking rash in desperate poverty. Scenes that take places in more and more suburbs of the Greek capital.
All that red faces after the ride started again, I remembered them well. Then it was our turn.
Shock, which led to cold sweat, which led to trembling hands that hovered above the keyboard and…quickly shut down the computer. I scurried out of the room like a frightened skunk (without the odoriferous trail, thank you. I wasn’t that scared). Throughout the day, I found myself staring at the unopened message that lurked in my inbox. “I will open it in the morning when I’m feeling stronger/better/more caffeinated/alone in the house so no one can hear my wails or see me take a long pull from the vodka bottle…” I said to myself.
Now having read Carroll over the past few years, I think he’s previously answered that question with the simple end-of-regress statement, “That’s just the way it is.” I may be wrong, but he now seems to consider that we can potentially investigate the question:
Washington DC – The National Weather Service reported today that what were thought to be severe non-precipitating thunderstorms across the northeast last night were actually the disproportionately large thighs of a woman in the western part of Massachusetts, which have grown overnight to such proportions that people all across the New England states were awakened by a late night trip to the bathroom. No further details were given.
The Lord said there is someone here tonight, He said before the end of this month of March, he said you will sing “He has done it for me, what my family cannot do, he has done it for me”.
France would not be the country it is today without the horrors it has witnessed and the wounds it has attained from bygone eras. The French have a strength, a distinctive toughness, that is evident in their everyday life.
He argues about the whole nature versus nurture conundrum. And according to the new studies, it’s not much of a contest. Nurture is king. Scientists used to think it was G (genes) + E (environment). Now they’re saying it’s closer to G multiplied by E where the environment makes a huge difference.
And then I fall
As for the remaining selections, the 49ers addressed some needs in the secondary and picked up defensive end Cam Johnson in the 7th round, which will have delighted defensive co-ordinator Vic Fangio.
As they give themselves away
Brianna currently resides in Southern California. Brianna hopes to make a living off of her literary works and to connect with her readers. “Connections come from a common emotion that pulls on our heart strings.” Though satisfied with her life, Brianna writes dark material. ‘Flameless’ in ‘flamelessthoughts’ describes Brianna’s work. She has no reason to feel dark and depressed, but these stories and poems come to her. She feels she was put on this Earth to share these stories, and broken emotions to help people not feel so alone and desperate.
There was no hot water at the hotel this morning. Of course I was all soapy by the time I realized the freezing cold water really, truly wasn’t going to get any warmer! Ooof!
As Smart and 99 get closer to unraveling KAOS' master plan--and each other--they discover that key KAOS operative Siegfried (Terence Stamp) and his sidekick, Shtarker (Ken Davitian), are scheming to cash in with their network of terror. With no field experience and little time, Smart--armed with nothing but a few spy-tech gadgets and his unbridled enthusiasm--must defeat KAOS if he is to save the day.
Buttar answered that in his view — and in contrast to surveillance — there (hopefully) wasn’t the kind of cash cow potential with detention policy. Hurlburt agreed that “in terms of money, this is a sideshow. ” She continued,
"I choose you over that." Rel jerked his head towards the predator, then froze again as its needles twitched to follow the motion.
Perhaps that’s what needs to be mailed out to parents at the silly school with the bakery concerns, instead of the overwhelming horror of someone trying to make conversation whilst eating a custard slice. — Jilly O’Brien
*Tools: Perfect Layers Tool
Although he had so much going against him, I never saw him without a huge, friendly grin on his face that broke into a hearty belly-laugh now and then. The oncology nurses painted the same picture of him. Their sadness at his passing was profound.
Yes or no?
Wednesday already? So glad this week is flying by!
A lot of young women in third world countries are forced into horrible arranged marriages with creepy older dudes. They are usually forced into this situation when they are still children around 12 or 13 years of age. For American children, that’s usually when the disinterested, talking-back-type of trouble starts. So, your other mother and I, have visited local nursing homes where we have made videos of potential mates that if push comes to shove, we are thinking of selling you off to. All of the potential mates are over 80 years old (have had background checks to avoid pedos) and are in poor health. We have done this to make sure that they are not appealing to you in any way, incase we have a young Ashton Kutcher (likes older broads) or Lisa Marie Presley (likes older dudes) on our hands. If you do not do well in school, then instead of college you will be betrothed to someone who is almost deceased. If this is not a good motivation, then there is something wrong with you.
I have a tickle in my brain. And it keeps making the corners of my mouth point toward the heavens. ~Jeb Dickerson, www.howtomatter.com
Bake for 8-10 minutes, until edges are browned and crisp and the filling is hot and melty. Let cool for about 5 minutes before serving.
My niece got into Georgetown, but ultimately decided to go to University of San Diego.
These are the words spoken to Jeremiah by the Lord. Jeremiah was very uncertain about the call he had received from God to go and speak to the nations. What you may not realize is that Jeremiah was a very shy man. He did not look at himself and see a great speaker. He certainly did not see himself as someone who would go out and speak the word of God to masses of people…especially people that did not have any regard for God or His ways whatsoever. Jeremiah would have been content to keep doing what he was doing…he would have been happy for God to have left him alone. I can just hear Jeremiah muttering under his breath, “Lord,I don’t know why you gave me this assignment. I didn’t ask you for an assignment. I’m not even qualified to do this. I don’t know what You’re thinking. This is going to be a disaster.” Jeremiah may have felt very overwhelmed and underqualified for the task at hand, but what he didn’t know was that God had planned this since before he was even in the womb. Everything in Jeremiah’s life was divinely orchestrated to lead him to this moment. God did not just wake up one morning and decide that Jeremiah was going to be a prophet…He knew it before time even began. He knew all of Jeremiah’s weaknesses and inabilities…He knew his limitations and his qualifications. And He knew that Jeremiah was the one He wanted! The same is true for you and me! Before we were in the womb, God knew us! He set us apart for very specific works before we were even born. Everything He has allowed to happen in our lives has been divinely orchestrated by Him to prepare us for the work He wants us to do. We, like Jeremiah, may have a list of reasons why we can’t possibly do what God is calling us to do, but we must remember that in God’s hands, our weaknesses become strengths…our can’ts become cans…our inabilities become abilities! We have to learn that it is God’s responsibility to enable us to do the work He calls us to do…our only responsibility is to say “Yes” to His call. So, what is God calling you to do today? What have you been putting off because you don’t feel prepared to do it? What have you been giving God a list of excuses about? It’s time to realize that you are prepared, you are capable, and you can accomplish what He calls you to do! Say “Yes” to God and let Him worry about the rest!
I think ultimately this should be our perception regarding this single phase in our lives. We’ve been given this time to enter deeply in to the ultimate purpose of our lives—not falling in love with Mr. Wonderful, not having kids and raising a family, though these things are very, very good—but living with God. We can’t set that aside as a pleasant cliché, a good thing to remember on Sundays or in those rare bouts of sanctity, or something we’ll focus on “later, when it’s closer to the time.” There is only this moment standing between me and eternity. Do I really have my heart set on God as my ultimate goal, or am I placing intermediary wants up front and center and living for those instead?
DCWV Christmas combo Matstack
We just love this kid and especially his dimples and big hugs!!!
And speaking of Homeland, just how cute is Morena Baccarin, the Brazilian-born actress that plays opposite Damian Lewis? You can see her here, second from the right, just next to Clare Danes (who once squired Ben Lee- of whom more next month). I'm a total sucker for that haircut. Yowzah.
Providence is God’s way of reserving us for a later time. There is a reason for what looks like a holding pattern, or a delay, or a lull in timing. Let’s keep in mind God is not random. He is strategic and deliberate, and what He does concerning us is intentional. Let’s dare to believe the Scriptures. He DID know us before we were formed in our mother’s womb. He DOES watch over His word to perform it in our lives. He DID send His Word and heal, and deliver us from destruction. He DOES love us with an everlasting love. You take it from here…what else has He done, is He doing, or will He do?
I hear that the snake charmers have been campaigning for fair wages and decent working hours. Good for them. A dangerous job like that deserves a high rate of pay, even though any jungle dweller can see that it’s a colossal waste of time. It is not in the nature of a snake to be charmed by anyone, expect perhaps its mother or its paramour. Snakes have no concept of good manners and no interest in social intercourse with any non-reptilian creature. Better to leave them writhing in their juices rather than tooting them out of wicker baskets.
All the new stamps will be available for sale tonight, shortly after the hop. Take a look at the new face sets below!
4. When the onion and capsicum are softer, add turmeric and salt to that and keep on stirring.
The B-side "End Of Rainbow" is also taken from her "Rupert The Bear" album, and is an incredibly sweet, beautifully sung yet matter-of-fact meditation on the wonders of the human imagination and its power over the problems of the day. "The world is full of cruel reality/ and people losing all their sanity" she sings honestly - steady on Jackie, there are children in the room who know nothing about breakdowns.
PS. No video post today, I have a bevy of other things to work on today, you could call it Mondays.
Lale Saskia
On the evening of December 31, 2010, as I walked out of the Liberty Bowl, it began to rain. I sought shelter under a tent to wait out the sudden downpour and thought about the game I had just seen the Dawgs lose to the University of Central Florida Knights. And I wondered how in the world we ever got to where we were.
She gets up.
Dear Lord, please spread this story to all gay or lesbians who are lost and trapped. I pray for them that they may know you and come to understand what took some of us a long time to understand. Lord, you are holy and all-powerful. You sent your Son to die on the cross for our sins, and your grace and mercy are there for the asking. Please bless Christopher Yuan’s ministry! In Jesus Name, Amen
As he became less mobile – he cannot stand, now, I suspect – his fetid home became a disagreeable assault on the senses. And he, in a shambolic and rambling way, became louder and more outspoken. None of it made any sense.
The joint U.S./Argentinian Aquarius/Satélite de Aplicaciones Científicas (SAC)-D mission is designed to measure the salinity (the concentration of dissolved salts) at the ocean’s surface. Salinity is affected by the freshwater that is exchanged between the ocean, the atmosphere, sea ice and land around the world. Aquarius will study its impacts on ocean currents, weather and climate.
One is housing prices are outpacing income growth compelling many young Canadians to delay home ownership. This leaves one wondering where the demand is coming from needed to buoy and inflate Canadian real estate prices since a significant segment of the real estate market - first time home buyers - are being priced out of it.
No picture.
She must have seen my terror. She hurried quickly to my bedside and, with one swoop of her hand, hurled the roach into the air. I feared its escape, but my mother was already committed. In a belligerent frenzy, she stomped the carpet, twirling and lunging and shouting obscenities. The hammers of destruction were her bright red Keds, and she crushed the beast like Rice Krispies under white rubber soles.
When we returned to the barn, Peaches hung her head over the open stall door, looking quite pleased with herself. My dad backhanded her across her muzzle. Then he took me by the shoulders.
* Geosciences
Check back on Wednesday & Friday for more samples from the ARTisans.
Three administrators at the Withlacoochee Technical Institute in Inverness on Florida’s west coast accused the women of cheating, telling Thomas that they scored "too high," according to the lawsuit.
Wyeast 1332: Northwest Ale
1 Cor 5:9-11 (Phi) In my previous letter I said, “Don’t mix with the immoral.” I didn’t mean, of course, that you were to have no contact at all with the immoral of this world, nor with cheats or thieves or idolaters–for that would mean getting out of the world altogether! But in this letter I tell you not to associate with any professing Christian who is known to be an impure man or a swindler, an idolater, a man with a foul tongue, a drunkard or a thief. My instruction is: “Don’t even eat with such a man.”
Prior to beginning my internship with Monsanto, I spent two weeks overseas gaining a European perspective of agribusiness and the supply chain through the International Business Immersion Program (IBIP). This Monsanto-sponsored program was designed to give the top students in agriculture and business at the University of Illinois an opportunity to explore globalization of the agriculture and food industry–both in the classroom and through an international experience. I chose to apply for IBIP because I wanted to develop a more well-rounded understanding of the agriculture industry. I wanted to challenge myself to read case studies and to learn about ag policy and international trade.
test scores along the way; a cushy non-job as a “community organizer”; a
VIJAYA: Funny enough, for this fifth book in the Chronicles of Kassouk series (although now it comes first in the series) I had to research... my own books. I had to reread and take apart all the other books in the series, because it’s been a while since I wrote the first books, and for this prequel I had to gather all the tiniest clues and threads I had sewn into the tapestry of this world I had created. It’s like writing a story backwards. In the previous novels, I alluded to all kinds of things that happened in the past and had turned into legends or traditions. Now I had to dig out these legends, like an archeologist, examine the evidence, and reconstruct the true facts behind the myths. It was kind of fun.
I am feeling.....cozy and content.
So I almost hesitate to mention Remember the Night. Maybe I wouldn't, but the cat seems to be getting out of the bag. When I wrote about Remember the Night in 2007, it was available only on out-of-print used VHS or bootleg copies of an AMC broadcast from the 1990s. Things are different now; the movie's available in an above-board (and beautiful) DVD from the TCM Web site (and as usual, there's an even better deal at Amazon), and I figure it's only a matter of time before someone runs up to me bubbling with enthusiasm about this great Fred MacMurray-Barbara Stanwyck movie they saw the other night. I want to be able to say I'm way ahead of them.
It took two hours to clean up after the pigs.
ELF Beauty Eye Manual (everyday eye edition) retails for $5.00
and boys in funny outfits who get together every
HERE IT IS ♥ enjoy
reported dead on the
She is so happy feeding the birds in winter!
your writing will be, so do not hesitate to take
We took trips to the zoo, the museum, and visited family every weekend just so they could get the proper dose of Lucas love on a regular basis and he grew more and more adorable day by day.
Text from daughter: Mom, what are we having for dinner?
Miguel and Dexter became friends through an interesting, and in true Dexter form, bloody fashion. Miguel, who is the Assistant District Attorney, comes off as a cool, clean cut guy, and the perfect partner in crime for Dexter. Unfortunately for all parties, once Miguel gets a taste for killing he goes from friend and apprentice of Dexter to a notable adversary. Like Lila, Miguel doesn’t rack up the bodies like some of the villains further down the list but he does cause aggravation and danger for our favorite serial killer, Dexter. In the end Miguel meets his match at the hands of Dexter.
- Planetary Resources plans to mine asteroids. I’d dismiss this as another pie-in-the-sky tech story, except that Phil Plait thinks they can do it. Good enough for me!
The owner of the salon had put out tasty bottles of red wine and some very nice cheeses and crackers.
He had been chosen for the leading role in a Korean TV drama, a remake of the popular 1996 Hong Kong film "Comrades, Almost a Love Story". Shooting was set to begin in July.
Maybe since my life was changed
What is clear is that Jesus is not, nor did he ever, advocate the use of violence by his followers either to defend themselves or to advance the kingdom of God. This is Jesus using harsh speech to warn his disciples that the game has changed. After experiencing a time of peace and protection under Jesus, full-scale war is breaking out. Jesus will be taken from them, and the disciples will be left to face a hostile world. The true weapons of this war will prove not to be swords, but prayer and faithful perseverance in the face of violence and oppression.
When I'm not fine, I'm "just not right". I find it hard to be more specific than that. After all, I already feel ill, I already feel sick, I already get pain. "Just not right" is something on top of that. This time it's been an extra dollop of exhaustion and a string of chest infections. I didn't think I felt too bad, but it was harder and harder to make it to school to collect the boys, harder to get round a supermarket. The exhaustion that I always feel became an insurmountable mountain.
I thought this tunic was so pretty when I walked by it in the store. I loved all the pastel colors. I tried this tunic on in a size 0 and the fit was decent...if I was looking for a maternity top or a house dress. It was really quite baggy and flowey. The top is generous in the sleeves, and because it's also so long (being a tunic and all) I felt like I was wearing a Muumuu or something. It just wasn't flattering on me at all. In the top's defense, the product shot online makes it look really good...the model wears it well on the beach. I'm convinced it was pulled back and pinned though...you don't see how much fabric is really there. Perhaps if I lived in Hawaii, or was in the middle of a pregnancy this would work great, but for me right now, this is a huge PASS.
An ancient dog skull, preserved in a cave in the Altai Mountains of Siberia for 33,000 years, presents some of the oldest known evidence of dog domestication and, together with equally ancient dog remains from a cave in Belgium, indicates that domestication of dogs may have occurred repeatedly in different geographic locations rather than with a single domestication event.
We recently purchased some new living room furniture, which was a MUCH needed upgrade from our grandparent's hand-me-down furniture we had been living with for 3 years (picture a 70's orange and brown floral couch, an over-stuffed blue sectional, and a pink recliner... EEK!). So with this furniture upgrade came the need for some coasters to protect our beautiful new tables. I found this tutorial on Pinterest for coasters made from ceramic tile, and made a quick trip to Michael's and Lowe's for supplies to whip up these beauties:
I had intended to write neutrally about this topic but unfortunately, I can't find a middle ground.
I wasn't always sold on Pinnacle, however. That changed as I was looking through a dime box at March's card show.
NO APPLAUSE, JUST THROW MONEY:
Here's how you can participate:
Weng Hong cries hoarsely: Run! Puff. I overtake her. Puff. God, why are my legs so wobbly? Puff.
Personal life.
I'm sitting on the cold floor, my knees up against me chest. The tiles beneath me feet are dirty and yet ooze a disinfected taste. I look around the four, stark dirty walls and let out a sigh of pure resignation. I’m in a police cell again. It’s been a while and I try and remember if I’ve been in this particular cell before? Maybe I have?
The blog wants to speak now: The Ballgames, Music, Movies and Pop Culture categories are updated with just the basics. I promise I'll get to the Other Cards tab again sometime soon.
Thirty-six percent of those ages 18 to 25, and 40 percent of those ages 26 to 40, have at least one tattoo, according to a fall 2006 survey by the Pew Research Center.
* hair loss and/or thinning hair
Here is another recipe I found on Pinterest and it was amazing! It didn't disappoint! I was iffy about it once I saw that it called for 2 cans of cream of mushroom soup since I usually don't cook with it but it was worth it! The sauce has bacon, mushrooms, apple, cheese, and onion and is served over chicken and spaghetti. Seriously delicious and definitely a comfort meal!
Ch 7
When Kelvin arrives at the station, he finds it ill-maintained and eerily empty. One of the three remaining scientists, Dr. Gibarian (Sos Sargsyan), has killed himself and left Kelvin a cryptic video begging him to understand that he did it for the best. The other two scientists, Snaut (Jüri Järvet) and Sartorius (Anatoli Solonitsyn), are likewise disheveled, frazzled and evasive. They get very uncomfortable when Kelvin attempts to enter their quarters, and, just as Snaut is reminding Kelvin to remember that there are only three people on the ship now (you hear me? three! three!), something unseen rustles in Snaut's hammock and a child's ear is glimpsed. And whatever you do, Snaut warns Kelvin, keep your head about you!
Green Paper made it work indeed, as Fire clocked in at #13 on SIMGE’s Top 35 Albums Of 2010 (despite the record not being officially released yet, it fell into my lap in December and was too good to have it go unrecognized). And, although it is undoubtedly meant to trip people out, let it be known that Fire is much more than that. It’s a work born from heart break, personal loss, alleged covert recording operations in a collegiate studio somewhere in Philadelphia, and diets consisting mainly of burritos for weeks at a time.
It’s not reverse snobbery.
Dr Chua also has a message for the delegates tomorrow the need to publicise what the party has done for the people and also what it can continue to do for them.
More than 3,800 civil servants across various government departments received the dreaded notices in the latest round of budget cuts. They want to save $5.2 billion over the next three years.
8. Add spinach, Italian seasoning and soy sauce and cook till spinach is wilted.
so, here it is - my layout for this amazing and inspirational couple -
Heightened Militant Activity Among Muslims
Oh I could never lose You to divorce
A hundred miles an hour in the wrong direction
Did those things happen? No.
During the winter months I use thinly sliced carrots instead of the zucchini. Even with the ginger and garlic, the flavors in this easy side dish are subtle enough to compliment all manner of main courses; pasta, burgers, chicken, steaks, etc. It is also not a "saucy" stir fry - it is kept simple because it is intended to be an accompaniment to a main course. In the picture above, Ginger Veggie Stir Fry was fantastic along with some spicy Asian noodles. However, by simply adding some cooked chickpeas during the steaming, or topping it with chopped peanuts, and serving the lot over cooked brown rice, this versatile side dish can easily be transformed into a great one bowl main course to serve four to five.
After a bit, though, I re-grouped, started thinking like a homeschooling mom again, and turned it into my Countdown to Consistency workshop, and actually eventually sold out of that big old first printing. Later, I wrote a very simple book, called "The Relaxed Home School", and the rest, as they say, is history. But I didn't do well at all until I figured out who my audience was and starting thinking like they did.
Will the tirade against "not from Big 6 stable" and shoddy, typos ridden work uploaded hurt good indie authors in the long run?
My biggest fear before having my daughter was that she would grow up with the same awkwardness and problems that I did as a child. Sadly, my worst fears have come to pass.
- Planks and side planks (1 minute; 45 seconds)
To my God and King I bow tonight.
Whoa. *blink blink* Is it December already?
Ok I know, it doesnt look pretty but the taste is there ;)
Okay. I have to fess up. I've never been good at menu-planning. As a free spirit, I find it constricting. It's true. I mean what if I just don't want the chicken burritos today? I don't want to have to eat the chicken burritos. I refuse. I refuse. I refuse.
The weather this year was a lot warmer and sunnier than last year. My YF forgot to bring her sunscreen, and even though we took several breaks and sought out some shade, and some nice people sitting next to us offered some sunscreen, she was getting pretty cooked, so we left early, right after the B-25's got airborne.
I finally reached my NP on Friday and told her about being pregnant. She said I needed to come in and get unfilled. I'm going to leave in a bit more than 30 mins!! I'm nervous to see what happens when I get unfilled. I don't feel like I have much restriction but I know I *some* and I'm not looking forward to losing that little bit of help I'm getting. They said if I still feel symptoms like I have the band then they want to still look further into if the band has slipped. If it's like it's gone then they'll wait until after my pregnancy. Obviously I hope I can wait.
There is always a beautiful stranger
a little drive to Lake Monroe a
7. Ironically, I spoke about love on WJZM.com (1400am) this morning! Isn’t it amazing how we get tested like that! I think i got a B-…okay a C…don’t trip…He’s not through with me yet!
“Wohlstetter’s triumphs with the basing study and fail-safe not only earned him the respect and admiration of fellow analysts at RAND but also gained him entry to the top strata of government that very few military analysts enjoyed. His work had pointed out a fatal deficiency in the nation’s war plans, and he had saved the Air Force several billion dollars in potential losses.”
Chicago pizza is synonymous with strong-dish pies that have cheese on the bottom and sauce on the top rated. But Chicago pizza restaurants serve each type of pizza you can imagine – from Neapolitan pies baked in a wood-burning oven to gourmand pizzas with fancy toppings.
Welovelocalgovernment is a blog written by UK local government officers. If you have a piece you’d like to submit or any comments you’d like to make please drop us a line at: welovelocalgovernment@gmail.com
After debating with myself....for what seems like forever....I've finally decided on some new dining chairs.
It had been mentioned to me in passing, but there was so much coming and going at that point that it didn’t really phase me. As I would much later find out, she had declined Mike’s offer to replace them as she felt it was my obligation to replace them as she’d been helping me out by emptying the boat. She of course never mentioned this was her expectation to me. I had not asked any of them to empty the boat out, they had volunteered and at this time, I’d been told I wasn’t very good at accepting help, so I just accepted.
Jesuit puppet Bill Clinton (Jesuit-trained at Georgetown University).
Then you suddenly wake up on the living room floor at 4 am, wearing mismatched socks, one boob hanging out, manually rocking a bouncy seat as you listen to something called "Ocean Waves," but which you suspect is actually just someone's shitty iPhone recording of an industrial dryer. Your week-old infant is wailing, and you must choose whether to let him cry while you pee or take him with you. A moment later, squatting over the toilet while trying to keep his blankie out of the stream, you begin to seriously question your decision-making skills.
Glenn Close (The House of the Spirits)
Looking back at me
Overall = 4.2
“We expected that deaf people would recognize sign language faster than hearing people, as the deaf people know and use sign language daily, but the real surprise was that deaf people also were about 100 milliseconds faster at recognizing non-language gestures than were hearing people,” Corina said.
'Please, Miss? Were there TREES in ancient Rome?'
I pledge to get out of the city more often - the Boston Globe article jogged what my subconscious mind must already know and desire. But until then, I'm going to take a ride in a birch bark canoe :)
Of course, opinion on that varies wildly depending on what you actually believe as far as our Earthly origins, and I don't want to necessarily try to convince anyone what you should or should not believe, obviously, but just consider this, for a moment.
I escaped for the weekend with my friend Vanessa... onto the Leeds-Liverpool canal to stay on my dad's narrow-boat. We didn't chug/drive/sail it anywhere... but stayed at the mooring, which is very peaceful (apart from scary swans, lots of hissing and a few deviations in our plans to avoid them).
When we brought Rwandan artist Odile Gakire Katese to New York to receive LPTW’s first-ever International Award, my favorite part of the experience was hearing her tell of her countrymen — genocidal victims and perpetrators alike — healing the wounds of war through drumming, writing and dance. If the arts can achieve that, what can’t it achieve?
*Check multimap for directions to the four schools at the start of this list, and then work out a realistic starting time for the days.(Unluckily, multimap still gives timings that are about two-thirds of the time needed.)
I love pyrite. And I love the color contrast of the pyrite against the darkened silver. She has another similar ring in the shop right now, so if you love it, hop on over and grab one for yourself!
“Have you ever seen a body of someone you love split in half and the heart exposed to splatters of blood, smoke, gunfire, bomb and grenade blasts? Seen your best friend brutally molested, beaten and left naked on the streets to die? Seen the fear, hurt, humiliation and pain in the eyes of a five-year old boy watching her mother in that state?
it’s more of an indulgence than a healthy treat. I made it low-cal by using low-fat milk, and light double cream. Sugar is important to lower the freezing point, yielding softer pops, so don’t completely skip it.
Yes, because surely they don't care to know that you're alive or anything.
Oh, hey there, internet. What's happening?
Worst of all — for kids, for teachers, for anyone who wants our children to poke through the increasingly bullet-proof bubble that is childhood – four teachers in ten said that some field trips had been “toned down or cancelled” because they just weren’t safe enough.
I turn around. Behind us three women are standing, bare breasted and holding a bundle of thin birch branches with their right hand. The one who has lashed Qwil first is a virgin. To her right is a mother whose acrid smell of milk penetrates our nostrils. Finally, an old woman with visionary eyes. Another lash falls, this time from the mother, who hits harder. Then it is the old woman's turn, no less vigorous than the other two. Qwil, not taken aback this time and clenching his teeth doesn't emit any groan.
Last night she opens the freezer to find bread to toast a sandwich for dinner. Spies a tub of frozen cherry yogurt.
she goes right
I missed out on seeing who you'd be
“Charge them that are rich in this world, that they be not nigh minded, nor trust in uncertain riches, but in the living God, who giveth us richly all things to enjoy: that they do good, that they be rich in good works, ready to distribute, willing to communicate; laying up for themselves a good foundation against the time to come, that they may lay hold on eternal life.”
you will put them on, like a bride.
the crew was handed down to me on November 1st 2000, and i ushered in the forth generation of ZULU KINGS taking it from just the bronx and manhatten, but to every single continant on the planet making it the first ever INTERNATIONAL zulu chapter and at 145 members world wide the biggest.
as he opened my bomb carriage and dropped bombs on Port Stanley
Narrator: The sun shone over the ancient civilization of Ashtan, but its attempt to warm it was in vain. Ashtan’s heart was cold, so cold that it held the women’s spirits in the cages of oppression.
This video is dark, but it is Elmer leading the crowd in a pub song. I wish I could have gotten the whole thing.
In author Kelly Irvin’s first installment in the Bliss Creek Amish series, readers will find a charming, romantic story of how God works even in the darkest moments.
The three elements in the book – love, literature, life in the world – are ultimately inseparable. Mrs Winterson “read the Bible as though it had just been written – and perhaps it was like that for her. I got a sense early on that the power of a text is not time-bound. The words go on doing their work.” Jeanette not only explains but shows how her childhood informed her fiction, including the lack of straightforward narrative which she attributes in part to her own life’s lack of narrative. ”That’s not method; that’s me.” She gives new life to the textual refrains from her books which ring like mantras for those who know her work well. Here, in an eloquent chapter ending, which seems appropriate to end this review, the last sentence is the first sentence of her 1992 novel Written on the Body:
Within about 90 seconds, the music paused and my heart leapt at the prospect of being served.
Anyway, I feel I never explained why I like No.6 so much, although my reasons are quite powerful. First off, I like the characters. Nezumi & Shion are some of my favourite characters ever, probably because of their weird relationship. There are tons of cute moments between them and they make me go “aww” almost every 15 seconds. I don’t quite know where exactly these two are going or what is the purpose of the series, but I enjoy watching it and No.6 is definitely my favourite summer anime.
Last week I had the good fortune to have lunch at le Petit Hôtel Bourrienne, a private mansion named after Napoleon's private secretary who was once the building's owner. It was a window into a slice of French life that I hadn't encountered before because the building, while open for tours by appointment most of the year and at set hours during the summer, remains the home to the family that has owned it since the mid 19th century. The downstairs reception rooms are considered one of the best preserved examples in Paris of architecture and furnishings from the Directoire period, the period after the Revolution but before Napoleon became emperor. The family lives upstairs, the elderly mother on one floor and her daughter and husband, whose children have all left the nest, on the floor above.
Being taller may be useful for changing a lightbulb or seeing over a crowd, but when it comes to living longer shorter men measure up best.
So what did I think about the product?
I have often heard Indians talking disapprovingly of India in front of people from other countries. It’s okay to discuss your concerns in a constructive manner but I am not a fan of washing my dirty linen in public, movies like Slumdog Millionaire are there to do that job for us. The point being, do not draw a negative portrait of your country on the minds of people who are solely trusting your opinion of your own country to form theirs. We can learn a little from this story I heard from my father when I was little, I asked him, why is Japan so much more developed than we are? He narrated this incident that a foreigner wrote in his memoir about Japan:
You will quickly fade!
Add the water and blend quickly with one hand, fingers held together and slightly cupped until having a homogenous mass. It should hold together and be pliable, but not sticky. If needed add some more drops of water. To make the final blending, place the dough in a floured table and with the heel of one hand (not the palm) rapidly press the pastry by pieces away from you in a firm and quick smear of a few centimeters. Finally gather together the dough with a scraper again into a mass. Knead it briefly into a smooth round ball, wrap it in transparent paper and refrigerate for at least one hour.
Parenting the Strong-Willed Child by Rex Forehand, PhD--From what little I got to read of this book, I actually liked it. Unfortunately, this book prescribed a 5 week plan to restructure your home and your interactions with your child. I got to week two, I think, before the book was due back at the library. But the first week, if I remember correctly, was about “Attending.” Attend to your child. This makes a lot of sense to me. According to this author, children often tune out parents. Words like “no,” “don’t,” “stop,” and others all start to sound repetitive. If you are saying words like this all the time (and, for a while there, I sure felt like I was!), your kids figure it’s just another statement that they can ignore. By “attending” to your child, you create more positive language around your child so that on the occasion that you need to comment on something egregious, they actually hear you. For example, I’m sitting with my daughter while she plays, and the entire time I run a play-by-play of her actions, keeping things light and positive. “Oh, I see you put the blue block on top of the red block.” Or, “The tea party is a major success!” Or, “The puzzle you’re working on is really coming along. You’re doing a great job!” That way, when I have to say, “No, we don’t cut holes in your sister’s bedskirt with the manicure scissors,” the hope is that she’ll actually hear me.
weren’t sure we could pull off.
Finished Height: 2 inches to within 1 inch of the side; 1 1/2 inches at the side.
The observant among you might have noticed something a wee bit 'odd' about the line-up... :)
Sortie: 2010
I got the subject right this time. Except, I’ve yet to hear anyone say “cheerio” since I’ve been here. I’m just sending another e-mail to check in from across the Atlantic. Things here have been great thus far! I’ve started to settle into the groove at the office. I could seriously get used to a 2 minute (in high heels) commute to the office each day! The teams on both sides of the pond are keeping me very busy with work! The group here is also keeping me very busy with invitations for “drinks!” There are certainly some differences I’m noticing in the Philadelphia and London offices (besides the obvious accents). One of the biggest things that has taken some time to get used to (besides looking right first) is the keyboards. They’re slightly different – just different enough to be a complete pain sometimes! I am really enjoying my time on the team here in London and love being the resident “America expert.” At home I don’t get to be the expert of anything!
No state can police everybody. For the great and the good and the great unwashed alike, rules should be obeyed more by way of self imposed deference for them, than by enforcement.
A bit of a moving pieces episode, prior to the last two. Quarles seems to be on the way out as the marshal’s service now have a real charge they can put against him (kidnapping and torture), Wynn Duffy has finally realised he is better off manoeuvring himself out of the way, Detroit mobsters are after him, and Boyd, well Boyd captured him. I suspect he may escape some how, which I hope, as I would like to see a clever shootout with Raylan (I suspect Boyd might let Raylan in on the gun up the sleeve trick).
I was talking with a really good guy-friend of mine over the weekend. We hadn’t spoken in awhile so we were catching up on the latest news in our lives, and he mentioned his girlfriend. Here’s how the conversation went:
Lee Hackett (Van Heflin) is an old-time rancher of tough frontier stock, one of that hard breed that carved out a niche for themselves in a hostile environment. Like many people who have had their character forged by adversity, Lee can’t quite let go of the past. Times have changed, the world has moved on, and Lee has risen to become a respected man in his community, yet he still retains an affinity for the rough and tumble days of his youth. The two sons, Ed (Tab Hunter) and Davy (James Darren), who he’s brought up alone – he appears to be a widower – have learned to address him by his first name, a clear attempt by this man to hang onto the identity he possessed in earlier times. On the surface, Ed seems closest in character to his freewheeling father, while Davy is gentler and more considerate. The story naturally deals with the contrast between Ed and Davy, but the real thrust of it all is the relationship both brothers have with their hard-as-nails father. Lee is a man of rigid principles, his own principles mind, and very firm ideas about the way a man ought to behave, and thus how he should raise his boys. Lee’s whole philosophy is built around the idea of standing on one’s own feet and accepting favours from no man; early on he berates Ed for accepting the ranch foreman’s offer to rub down his horse. This kind of tough individualism is an almost constant feature of the western, and it’s an admirable enough trait as far as it goes. Yet, taken too far, this tends to result in a degree of alienation and social isolation, particularly as the advance of civilization gradually renders the notion less desirable. If Lee has trouble getting to grips with this, then the problem is multiplied tenfold when it comes to Ed. In his eagerness to emulate the past glories of his illustrious father, Ed has both absorbed these teachings and twisted them around in the process. The result is that courage, determination and independence of spirit have distorted themselves into bravado, violence and cruelty. In his quest to outstrip his father’s achievements Ed is driving himself beyond the bounds of acceptable behaviour. We get to see examples of his arrogance, insensitivity and casual racism from he beginning, and it’s not long before this unsavoury combination leads to the killing of a half-breed hireling. From this point on, the movie charts Ed’s inexorable moral descent as his father and brother look on, powerless to haul this increasingly uncontrollable young man back from the edge.
The blinding bright lights, the array of sharp instruments, the doctors in masks… no way.
I'm a one-man band, a small-time vintage seller trying to establish a business, and my resources and capital amount to pretty much zero. But sometimes friends can surprise you.
God through people provided food for the table and I never went without and as I go through this rough time I will try to remember that God has provided, often at the last second when all I had was faith that he would not let me go to waste, he has provided.
- in a large bowl use your hands to mix the flour, butter and sugar into breadcrumbs, then add the mashed banana, eggs, honey and walnuts
I think the watch you wear must have stopped
my dad goes in for 1 knee replacement today (next one once he's recovered from the 1st)- being high risk i'm of course scared out of my skin - my Dad is literally my very best friend, my confidants, my method to madness, truth teller, best teacher i've ever met, a man filled with pure love - there's no one that can possibly add up to my Daddy - he's just THAT amazing ..
~I found out that i really like finding people on youtube singing their own original songs,and whatnot.I just love hearing people sing the songs they have written themselves,they just seem to sing so much better somehow.
In our house
Be sure to check out all of the newest Sunshine's Stamps DT (they are all soooo talented!!) stuff from the links in my sidebar!
Trade Tattoo (UK…Lenny Lye)
1 down, 29 more to go!
More importantly, however, social dominance theory (SDT)is NOT centrally about SDO, but rather about the interrelationships among the myriad mechanisms (e.g., individual differences, gendered-predispositions, social institutions, system-wide ideologies) that produce and re-produce group-based social hierarchy (where SDO simply plays one role) and how the tendency for society to organize itself hierarchically expresses itself in systems of racism, sexism, classism, ethnic domination, imperialism, etc. If one has not understood that Social Dominance Theory is about formation and maintenance of group-based dominance and NOT just about SDO, than one has not understood the theory at all.
“Good morning!” she chirped like a character in a Disney movie. “How did you sleep?”
Lee
-I am speaking at the Digital Parents Conference next year! I'm on the My blog, My story panel which was one of my favorite parts of the Aussie Bloggers Conference last year. Not only are there some other amazing bloggers speaking, I am now on a list with Problogger. This is all dangerous for my ego.
Pick 10: Bills
But generally, that trail along the Iloilo floodway was a perfect metaphor of EVERYDAY BATTLES. Biking in general is a perfect metaphor.
Now Alexander jumps off to take the lead
One anonymous tailor went even further, adding: “I don’t think anyone objects to moving forward, but a chain store selling crappy clothes to ghastly people isn’t really the direction in which we should be travelling.”
Needles need to be organized and stuck in that yellow box from which they jumped out. I had been thinking I could use more knitting needles. Except, that would mean I could start more WIPs and I don't need that.
Stories? Oh yeah I got bunches but will save them for my next post. Let's say some involve naked man parade on bikes, pot pipes, soupy fog, lost cars and more hee hee....WARNING: my hubby & mom may not want to read them hahahaha! But it was all good and Alexa got to see some very "unique" things and a beautiful area to boot!
The other day, at Cost Plus, I saw a piece of art (image no longer on the site) that I liked, which was not really art. It was a low quality, unsaturated print of a piece of art onto flimsy canvas. And for something that wasn't the greatest quality, it was $129.
It contains four copper vessels encased with bricks, which are heated with Jucke's furnaces. Each is capable of holding 300 barrels of hot water, to be used in the mashing process, and, of supplying altogether, close upon one million gallons of boiling water per week. There is an iron balcony erected on a level with the heads of the coppers to enable the men to regulate the supply, and the coals are lifted to the furnaces underneath by powerful hydraulic lifts. Returning to the mashing room, the eight mash-tuns ranged along the Moor first claimed our attention. They are constructed of English oak, and each contains a double set of stirring gear like those elsewhere, also a sparging apparatus and set of draining plates or false bottoms. Each run mashes sixty quarters of malt every eight hours, and posses a Steel's mashing machine fed from the hoppers before referred to. The working capacity of the eight mash-tuns is about 4,000 quarters per week, whilst at the Old Brewery, which we afterwards visited, an additional 2,500 quarters per week can be mashed during the brewing season. Descending to the half-landing, we came to an iron gallery, constructed for the use of those men who attend to the taps and grains discharge, under the mash-tuns. Here we were shown an ingenious apparatus, depending from the tuns, which automatically measures the quantity of grains that pass through to the trucks or farmers' carts below. It is on the same principle as the old-fashioned gunpowder flask, where the charge for the gun is shut off at the neck. Standing on this gallery, with our heads near the lofty ceiling, we get an idea of the solid construction of the building. Over us are massive iron joists supported by metal columns over a foot thick, and 40 feet high ; while the walls are at least 3 feet thick.
7. “Mos Eisley Spaceport…you will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy. We must watch our step…this place can be a little rough” (Star Wars)
Then stops and wonders if its even worth that effort,
Parents are not fooled but believe that their teens should make their own experiences or that showing too much authority may lead to a family estrangement. The problem is a lack of authority is fueling disrespect and violence. According to many therapists – such as Dr Aric Sigman, psychologist and best-selling author -, authority is a health matter. Teens need to be given limits in order to build themselves.
Romney says the 2012 election is “an election about the soul of America.”
The backs of each card feature a smaller version of the front photo, some bio info, and "Up Close" section with some random tidbit by/about the person, and a QR Code. If you scan the QR Code with your device, you are taken to a video instructing you to download the PL app from either iTunes or Droid. Once that's done, you re-scan the code in the app and it takes you to a 1:30 video featuring the person on the card. The last card in the pack is Bailey:
Almost every conversation with mom or dad begins with “So what’s going on with Jude?” at which point I try to please them by repeating something he did or showing them pictures and videos.
Todd: There was the use of the intrinsic magnetic core of the earth that was especially concentrated in certain areas and was further augmented by altitude.
How to Buy Watches
I don’t usually post on Sundays, but a terrifying incident last night compels me to issue a dire warning. If you’re a teen, or have a teen child, please read on.
Hope your all having a lovely weekend?! I sure am! Yesterday was a lovely sunny day here in the North East of the UK so to make the most of it I went for a bike ride with my hunny and MIL to be around the Tees Barrage. It's a lovely riverside ride and has a nice cafe for lunch too which is a bonus and reward for cycling!
So about three weeks ago, I drove up in light snow to do just that. Joe's a nice kid, quite young, who grew up locally after being born on Staten Island. He started laying out the beers, and I started tasting at the shallow end of the pool with the Blonde (30% wheat, pale gold with a nice light malt flavor and a surprising bitterness; I suggested that might be a bit too bitter for the frame and the aim), the Belgian Wit (the weakest of the lot; overly sweet and kind of undifferentiated, thought there was an interesting hint of ginger), and their old standby, Antler Brown (much improved over previous versions, with a bit of chocolate, rich but not full brown ale).
The challenge then, is slicing it. When it came out the oven, I left it for a while, unsure of how to tackle it. After poking at it timidly with a knife, and seeing bits of cheesy yogurt ooze out, it reminded me of a cheesy pizza fresh out the oven.
1.) All new release images will be 20% for 3 days--sale ending at 7 AM Thursday, Feb. 23.
and lifting it up,
I have too many ideas and not enough time
called my imagination out
Shannon Elizabeth posed for photographers on the red carpet alongside her cast mates for the star-studded premiere of her new movie American Reunion at the Grauman’s Chinese Theatre on Monday (March 19) in Hollywood, California.
Those who wait for the Lord ( invite Him to help them overcome, ask Him to join the team)
“I didn’t think I was doing anything wrong,” Herx told CNN on Thursday. “I had never had any complaints about me as a teacher.”
Be realistic. Keep your expectations realistic and don’t fall for unrealistic promises of returns. By understanding that the market is a good investment over time, and some years are better than others, you’ll be less likely to panic during a downturn.
Then there’s the other fan: The football enthusiast. I love the game and get a real kick out of a good football match. And for me, the best football teams – the ones that stand out in their era – have always been the most stylish, regardless of trophies. If they can get success and play the way I like, then even better. I’ll get behind any side that tries to keep the ball on the ground, plays from the back and takes the attacking initiative. Well, almost any.
Being mentored was a huge turning point for me. I knew I wanted to write and I made the most solid case possible to the Scottish Book Trust for being accepted to the scheme. I already had experience in the publishing industry, so I framed my application tightly and realistically. By that, I mean that I didn’t just say that I vaguely fancied being a writer, but that I was going to be a writer – and here’s how I was planning to do it. I stated my intention to the world. I remember it was a bit scary, but empowering to say, yes, I will see it through.
Most performance reviews are held annually, however you have the freedom to hold them as often as you feel necessary. Some owners hold them every six months; some do so even more frequently.
Madainn Mhath! (Good Morning!)
Callen Radcliffe Tjader, Jr. a.k.a. Cal Tjader (July 16, 1925–May 5, 1982) was a Latin jazz musician, though he also explored various other jazz idioms. Unlike other American jazz musicians who experimented with the music from Cuba, the Caribbean, and Latin America, he never abandoned it, performing it until his death.
I get a proverbial punch in the mouth or an attack of hostility that links me to their depraved, tormented existence. To their advantage God and my husband have held me back from my violent intentions.
Billie
& brown & cream plaid homespun ~ on the front is a small sampler that reads
The scenes that depict the North Pole operation are breathtaking and imaginative. I am quite sure I could watch this several times (on a big screen, please!) and find new and amusing detail every viewing. There is simply too much to take in all at once. This is one of the most visually pleasing animated movies ever. Like wandering through a giant eye candy store.
Such shows depend upon a regular but disposable cast of tattooed and inarticulate young men with a history of petty crime and failed relationships, together with tracksuit attired young women, Vicky Pollard clones, usually with a batch of children fathered by a selection of different men, often from a selection of different races. They are brought on stage, like lambs to the slaughter naively unaware of what is about to be done to them, and tell an unforgiving camera about their domestic disasters and dysfunctional relationships. How the viewers laugh at the “chavs”, but never with them.
Cheers and kisses,
* scrapbook paper and coordinating card stock
You look in the mirror and see your mother - Virginia.
Fuckerflies I (2009) Acrylic and car paint on board: Charonaletto 1 December 2009
The push/pull exercises.
South Africa is a microcosm of what America could become, unless it returns to the principles that made it great. If American institutions continue to subordinate their raison d’être to politically dictated egalitarianism, reclaiming them from the deforming clutches of affirmative action will become harder and harder. Sadly, it is probably already too late for South Africa, where the majority opposes a meritocracy. Americans, however, must once again embrace merit and individualism. Be it in the U.S. or in South Africa, preferential treatment, enforced by legal fiat and rooted in the characteristics of a group (race) rather than the value of the individual, flouts justice in every respect.
risen from the earth, lives darkly in my body.
Let me apologize in advance for the quality of the photos. I didn’t have my camera, so these were all taken on a phone. (Really, we are lucky to be able to take photos at all, because back in the day they weren’t allowed.) But I am going to go ridiculously girlie and give a moment-by-moment description of everything. It’ll be like you were there. Without the taste of scones, or the sound of a harpist, or the sore neck from craning to see what other people there were wearing or doing.
Le chiot (m.)=The puppy
You knew there'd be at least one Greek myth-based novel in here, didn't you? This is one of the best retellings I've read in years (if not ever), and that's why I'm making it my Book of the Year. For a debut novel, it's extraordinary - and I think we may have a new Mary Renault on our hands here. Yes, she's really that good. Miller has brought alive the old story of Achilles and Patroclus (the book is told from Patroclus's point of view), and given it a fresh and interesting angle. She clearly knows her Homer and associated sources, but what I really appreciated was the deft, spare beauty of the writing itself. I hope Bloomsbury know what a treasure they've got here, and I'm hoping this one will win prizes in 2012. It surely deserves to. If you only buy a single book on this list, make it this one.
The crowd loved him and cheered him on. This was entertainment pure, the weirdo was absolutely hilarious and apparently believed all the bullshit he was spouting. He apparently also believed that all the applause and acclamation was for him and his message. I was aghast.
Serve them stuffed with the soften cheese, drizzle with honey and sprinkle the pistachios and cinnamon.
under cabinet lighting in kitchen
This fact has opened doors for me I never imagined. When my wife and I moved to South Carolina I got a job as a reporter for the Aiken Standard. In a relatively short time I had the city beat. A pretty plum position, especially for a newbie. When I finally asked the managing editor why he hired me instead of a getting journalism school grad, he said it was simple. He could get editors by the dozen from the journalism school, but I had hundreds of thousands of words under my belt and that’s what he wanted. A writer. He could teach me what I needed to know as a reporter.
Voysey's The Savaric pattern is at once elegant and playful, magical and mysterious, featuring flocks of birds flying through a woodland by night. The trees arch gracefully against the evening sky.
The city of Port Chester, NY is a city where you will never go hungry. In Port Chester you can find anything from hole-in-the-wall South and Central American takeout to Brazilian rodizio to pizza places to Mario Batali-owned restaurants. That meant when it came time to celebrate Mom's big landmark birthday this year, it made sense to stay in the neighborhood. Last week we celebrated the birthday with friends (go two posts down for the cake). This week it was time for the family to really celebrate.
* President William Howard Taft signed the bill admitting Arizona to the Union.
The bungee phenomenon began in November 1988 with AJ Hackett’s creation of the world’s first commercial bungee site at the Kawarau Bridge. Today, it’s still going strong with tens of thousands of unsure participants diving off the bridge each year.
Work has been mad since we’ve been back, parents evening and reports due for last week! Finally been able to breathe this weekend and have enjoyed a good old crafternoon!
I cannot begin to express how unamused I am by this turn of events. There is nothing wrong with my son and if he'd stopped sucking his damned thumb 2 weeks ago the show would have been on the road and he'd be here right now. No one thought to do an ultrasound then though. They're giving him one more week to give up the thumb in utero and then forcing him out whether he wants to or not.
He went on to suggest that it can be preferable to have a fellow actor on the show behind the camera, as opposed to a jobbing director. He explained:
HBO is running this documentary in June and it also is available on HBO on Demand. Shepard was taken by the impact of Cazale -- ironically, at once familiar yet little known to film audiences who recognize him from his key roles in some of the pivotal films of the 1970s, yet his name was not widely recognizable. Shepard's documentary will clearly change all that, as he interviews Cazale's friends, acting colleagues, family, and others to learn more about the late actor's life, talent and work. Al Pacino, Meryl Streep, Francis Ford Coppola, Robert DeNiro, Sidney Lumet, Gene Hackman, Playwright Israel Horovitz and others talk about working with Cazale and how his gifted acting style and unique personality helped to open up and expand their own performances and added so much to every film and play in which he appeared. Steve Buscemi, Brett Ratner, and film historian Mark Harris discuss Cazale's impact. Wonderfully, everyone interviewed -- some of the greatest American actors -- talk about Cazale with great love, affection and admiration, about his generosity as a performer and his impact on their own work and lives.
5. K love u got to go dont reply
“Ah, but Becca and Amelia can vouch that all we did was talk.” He winked at the girls as spoke.
e) Isometric Hold in Squat position x 20 sec
But anti-racism is just a code word for anti-White.
You know, it has never been easy to be a Christian and it’s not supposed to be easy! The world, the flesh, and the devil will always love their own, and will always hate us. As Jesus once predicted, they hated me, they will certainly hate you.
But it wasn't all smooth sailing.
But these students aren’t focusing on what drugs to prescribe. Instead, they’re looking at integrative therapies in search of better health.
If you do a search for GU10 LED bulb you get a lot of choices – it seems this is an industry where there still isn’t a winner, so right now you have loads of small companies importing these things from China, and all selling at around $10 each. Presumably in a year or two they’ll be dirt cheap.
At OmniLit, sister site to All Romance eBooks, Spoil got a featured spot right before the holiday weekend. Pretty, huh?
Son returns after exhaustive look at Radio One and Two playlists:
Their weapon? Sexual terrorism.
3. Promotion Period. The Promotion starts at 12:00 a.m. (all times Eastern Time) on April 19, 2012 and ends at 11:59 p.m. on April 30, 2012 (the "Promotion Period"). All entries must be received during the Promotion Period to be eligible to win a prize.
Robert Byrne once said, "The purpose of life, is a life of purpose".
“Not for all the bananas in Jamaica!” I thundered. “Do you think I’m a hairy whore who’ll kiss any human who’s ape-curious? No one gets to plant one on my lips unless they buy me dinner and take me to the movies. And besides, my females might get jealous.”
Much to my pleasure, Mr J isnt a labels man. But these actually look really good. He’s always had a funky/definitive dress sense, but Im rather enjoying watching his style evolve and mature. Aaand he does appreciate quality, and will wear these out to their very demise (unlike my fickle fluctuating tastes).
My husband and I wanted to go to Italy and ended up in Holland on February 7, 1992. I should have known that our trip to second time parenthood would be bumpy as we were told that our second born was to be a girl. “Two girls, so nice”, my OB-GYN told me. Guess what, we had the first boy born in 28 years in my family when he arrived via emergency c-section. Not breathing right. Sugar too low, heartbeat too high. I could already feel the “plane veer” off course.
Of all of the magic moments I’ve experienced, from being there live when Anderson Silva front kick K.O.’d Vitor Belfort, to the masterpiece Nick Diaz delivered in his thumping of B.J. Penn, none have compared to the buzz and wonder of Fedor Emelianenko dismantling Tim Sylvia in under a minute. The grandeur of the scene and oneness of that crowd in Anaheim was unlike anything I’ve ever experienced. It was surreal. It was beautiful. A portion of that same euphoria is available to anyone that attends a live MMA event done right.
I feel a change on the horizon, my creative juices are starting to flow again as I take these first few weeks of January to search within, to rid myself of things that hinder my growth both spiritually and creatively, allowing myself to embrace the path ahead. Change is good, and I'm so ready!
Allow to cool slightly before serving.
It's happened again, and again, and again with this friend. Some of us have taken him to rehab. Some of us have taken him in. When he didn't have anywhere to live last summer, I woke up one morning and looked out my window, and saw him sleeping in our hammock.
- Black Crowes (Southern Jam Rock)
Flying! I honestly can't think of anything that would be cooler.
1 cup KRAFT 2% Milk Shredded Cheddar Cheese
Compared to them, my father had a head full of hot air.
They can die..........
…“For how can I endure to see my people and my family slaughtered and destroyed?”(Esther 8:6)
For why?
2 tablespoons vanilla extract
From there we see where none have been
I know better than anyone that life isn’t a competition, and I don’t need contest wins or publications to validate me… BUT, it sure is nice to get a little recognition once in a while. So it was with great pleasure when I saw that my poem “Paris” made the Top 50 list, in the 2010 Poetic Asides Poem-a-Day Challenge.
This week, I’m working on some special swag items for the Regretsy NYC meet-up happening on May 11. If you’re unfamiliar with Regretsy, Where DIY Meets WTF, it’s a wildly popular site run by April Winchell (aka Helen Killer), a comedy writer and voiceover actress living in L.A. who has devoted herself to exposing the dark, glittery underbelly of the world of bad crafting (and Etsy in particular). Her hilarious critiques and other humor bits have attracted a following of many thousands and made Regretsy a culture unto itself–complete with language, references, novelty items, and cat pictures that only Regretsians (followers & commenters) get. Some people* would argue that they are a community of bored, elitist a-holes whose collective IQ and blood alcohol level are roughly the same at any given time, which makes it easy to understand why they refer to themselves as fat jealous losers, among other expressions of approval.
He gasped in surprise. Indeed, he had it – it was hanging on a tiny string at his neck – his dearest and most mysterious possession. How could this woman know about it? Without a word, he took it out of his shirt.
Having expended so much enthusiasm on getting new doors, we had no energy left for anything else, so the old doors were stacked against a wall, until Philip got round to finding them a new home, and the new ones just hung there while we tried to decide if we should paint them.
Music Advertising – Make your music marketing descriptive for the music industry market of today. – LW Music Consulting YouTube Video –
So far Paul has talked in general terms about life in the Spirit. He has assured his readers that the Spirit will enable them to resist the desires of their sinful nature. What the law cannot do for them, God will do by the work of his Spirit in them. But he realizes that the Galatians are attracted to the law because it gives them specific moral guidelines that they can apply to their practical problems. After all, the Jewish law teachers were renowned for their ability to develop applications of the law for every conceivable situation. There seems to be a sense of moral security in such well-defined codes of conduct. In comparison, Paul’s command to “live by the Spirit” seems to leave everything up in the air. How can they know they are not gratifying the desires of their sinful nature if the behavior of the sinful nature is not defined? How can they know what life in the Spirit is like if it is not defined?
Do you ever just not want to do something? You put it off, and hesitate, and find anything and everything else to keep from doing the one thing you just can’t bring yourself to do?
Kentucky
About My Wife's Affair:
62: "Liberalism, with its contradictions and compromises, existed for Donoso Cortes only in that short interim period in which it was possible to answer the question 'Christ or Barabbas?' with a proposal to adjourn or appoint a commission of investigation. Such a position was not accidental but was based on liberal metaphysics. The bourgeoisie is the class committed to freedom of speech and freedom of the press, and it did not arrive at those freedoms from any sort of arbitrary psychological and economic conditions, from thinking in terms of trade, or the like."
Spectral Steed – 165 Tol Barad Commendations
1/2 cup Gruyere cheese, grated
He also prayed that his believers, are SANCTIFIED (set apart) through the word (John 17:17).
Natural sinus infection cure includes the following things that you need to follow to get rid of this disease. First of all, it is important for the patient of sinus infection to drink a lot of hot liquids. This is one of the best cures for the sinus infection. You can take hot tea that could be green, black decaffeinated or herbal. Besides this, hot chicken soup is also a great option for the sinus infection patients. These drinks make your urine light in color which is a positive symptom for this disease.
I also observed the rules, and they were the same as last year’s, except for one. Last year, every participants had their turns for presentation, one team by one team. This year, the teams will be divided into two blocks, so two teams will present at the same time, each in a different room.
October is a time of year like none other if you enjoy being scared out of your wits. But what happens in October doesn’t have to stay in October. Halloween is the best of all holidays, and there’s no reason you can’t celebrate year-round. This book can help. Happy Halloween!
He gets that being a dad means early mornings. He doesn't complain when Abby jumps on our bed at 5:45am asking if we've seen her Princess wand - is it in the dishwasher? Or maybe Elizabeth took it? Can you look for it daddy?
In the left hand picture we have a picture of Ramana Maharshi - a giant of silence and understanding, beyond the realm of a teacher.
But to tell the truth, it may just be a long time before I do that again. My body and mind are not made out for extreme coasters anymore. Sucks getting old....just say'n.
So get your salad on people; class it up!
Where does one carol in Jerusalem?
Hello My Create Friends!
Email us: artoridiocy@yahoo.com
By now you are beginning to see that Live opens up new avenues for any DJ. After setting up Warp Markers on just a few of my favorite hip hop tracks, cueing the mix in my headphones, tweaking a few effects, and flipping the crossfader, I felt my DJ set come to life. And after adding just a few of my own loops, my mix soon entered the realm of an original hip hop remix. It just goes to show that with a small amount of practice, and a little creativity, DJing in Live can take you from mixing a DJ set to producing your own tracks in no time.
The Shabby Girls thank you ALL for sharing your special paper crafting talents with us here in the Tea Room! The talent and inspiration continuously amazes and inspires us all!!! Your talent and creativity makes it nearly impossible to pick winners each week! And now, without further ado, here are the creations that caught my eye this week for capturing the essence of the 'A Shabby & Colorful New Year' challenge:
So i think i´m even more excited than my mum that i finally bought as birthday present for her tickets to see Grease the Musical!!!!!
The prophecies and workings of this cycle, and its effects on human evolution, are explored in unprecedented new scientific depth in my book The Source Field Investigations (SFI).
Apart from my dad of course, who can write copy AND make stuff.
Here are some charts highlighting my latest trades.
Rohini Aggarawal’s latest offering once again stands apart from the run of the mill books on service tax available dime a dozen in the market. With the increasing scope of the service tax net, the seventh edition spills over three volumes each focusing on a particular aspect of the law, each preceded by a Budget Supplement.
Routine is what I am. It's what I do. Every morning, at the exact same time, I set myself up at the same Starbuck's. All the workers know me by name and drink: Abby, vente white chocolate mocha with an extra shot.
5 require
And you also don't remember that often the praise of the teacher is sung when their career is OVER. When they are DONE. You're not done. You're here and now.
Only a doctor can determine whether the symptoms are an indication of early ovarian cancer; however, the presence of two or more of the following symptoms is reason for concern. The patient may experience:
Source: Received an ARC through Amazon Vine in exchange for an honest review.
so please strengthen us
10. Punish Me
a. Isabeau-Dakota Corporation is exempt 31
Well maybe not quite a safari with Land Rovers, bearers and doubles but we hiked a bit and carried a small pack and had a couple dogs with us.
I politely thanked her for her concern and we went inside and bought a new phone (which seems to work fine).
Tim Powers is a decent writer. His descriptive powers are wonderful and he has the ability to evoke the locations of the Caribbean (islands, waters) in an emotionally satisfying way, while still using plain language. He uses enough nautical and sailing terminology to make the book feel "real" without bogging down in too much shipspeak. His choice of time and location, the early 18th century Caribbean, provides both the great pirate base of the Bahamas and some famous pirates, the most important being Blackbeard. Some of his characters, especially the pirate captain Phil Davies and the bocor Woefully Fat are wonderful original creations and a joy to read about, the latter being especially good (quite the scene stealer in his few appearances). His villains are convincingly evil as well, especially Hurwood who has one of the most interesting (and disturbing) villainous motivations I've ever read. Hurwood's assistant, for lack of a better word, is a forgettable character. I can't even remember his name and his brief back story was disgusting.
break from full-throttle blogging.
Of course it's relatively easy for a middle-class leftie Londoner to get away with such scandalous gender-defying insurrection, but I wonder how easy it would be in less enlightened communities. The reaction in the average suburban street would surely be frosty enough to send her running for cover.
and mystique as a way of tantalising but evading the male gaze (as
2a) 4X2 Clean Pulls – heavy, rest 60 sec.
I remember the sound of his whimsical flute which seemed to call my name- Jennifer Juniper lives upon the hill. Jennifer Juniper sitting very still... He would stand at the end of the sidewalk playing until I opened the door of Isabel’s apartment. “Magical princess, would you like to come out and play?” he would ask.
Belted
1 efficient
Artists and brewers are not beholden to office hours.
Is there such a thing as being too good or too true a writer, and being rejected for it by a group of published, established fellow writers? Can you imagine Proust or Kafka or Joyce being rejected by a literary coterie—or worse yet, by a publisher—for such a reason? “Sorry, Monsieur Proust, we cannot publish your book because you are too true, too good a writer”? Can someone be too good a writer for anything or anyone—a clique, a publisher, a readership?
And, as I said earlier, it's the kind of story that a lot more people ought to write.
There is a parade and western festival in our city, so we will ride our beach cruisers down to the events for an hour or two. Have a beautiful weekend everyone! ox
Fortescue said: “The drinks industry has a legitimate and significant role to play in combating alcohol misuse. Effective industry self-regulation is vitally important. I shall be discussing this and how drinks manufacturers can develop partnerships to tackle the drinking culture.”
Website- Netflix
Redapple Education’s Skwirk has been placed on Education Services Australia (ESA) register of digital resource suppliers that will support the implementation of the new Australian Curriculum.
Carrie Anders officially broke up with Austin Thomas when she accepted a dream job in the city. Unofficially, she misses him and is tempted to sneak back to her West Virginia hometown to see him. That’s why this year, she’s not going home for the holidays. Her heart can’t take any more mornings-after where nothing has changed—and Austin has made it clear he’s not interested in relocating.
Number three…the standards will not discriminate…between race…religion…or gender…it is simply the minimum amount that is acceptable over a certain period of time…
Good luck to you all,
My husband knows its trouble when I start a conversation with "So... Ive been thinking..."; I have ended that conversation with really whoppers like: "we should move out of the city and buy a house", "I should quit my job and go back to school", "we should have a baby", "we should start a big house project 1 month before our baby is due"...
When it comes to roller coasters, it's my opinon that you should ride the scariest one (that you're willing to ride, more on that later) first. That way all those other coasters, won't even be a blimp on your radar.
Position paper to your liking (I made sure the pink dotted line was in the middle
the thousand
Mommy: Neither have I buddy (continue scrubbing shampoo in to head)
Here is the breakdown of what is going on out here:
which is where you occur in grassy moonlight:
1 ourang-outangs
security agents deployed to the
One trinity preacher asked me why was I baptized in Jesus name. I answered him, “Because I know how to read.” He laughed and said he had never heard that answer before.
I see it all now. The mask has been removed, the curtain lifted, the fog burned off. I was the problem only insofar as I colluded to allow the brainwashing to occur. The rest of it — that’s on N. And despite the fact that N’s issues can be blamed on pathology, I am not planning to forgive. Not anymore.
Song title: I Just Don’t Know What To Do With Myself
You're a person too
Surprises? The Prestige was much better than I'd thought it would be, especially after the disappointing The Illusionist. I finally saw all of Ginger Snaps which was a lot of fun, though the ending was a bit disappointing. Same with I Am Legend. Idiocracy is no Office Space, but I find myself referencing it pretty often.
So we are going to run the challenge for 5 weeks and the theme is "Anything Goes!".
Grifters starts out with a quote from "The Lady is a Tramp" a song by Hart and Rodgers, "I've wined and dined on mulligan stew/and never wished for turkey,/As I hitched and hiked and grifted too/ from Maine to Albuquerque..." before giving the credits over changing views of city skylines.
Some time after, I asked her what it was that caused a random encounter lead to more. After a brief pause she looked at me and told me that although the night was fun, it was the morning that revealed who I was. `
As one of the first transmen who became a drag queen (dressing in womens clothes doing femme numbers) in my city, I have had the word tranny used against me in hate, in spite and for no other visible reason than just because. I have felt the pain of a fist striking my face as my attacker shouted that bloody word as reason for his insanity. I have heard members of my own goddamned community use that word against me as a reason I could not be a drag queen and I have heard those same community members snarl that word as an explanation and epithet for my refusal to stop doing drag queen numbers.
Bleary-eyed, Sharia tried to focus as the first blade came careening back from where it lay out in the darkness beyond, shattering another column in its path to Zagnazerak’s open hand. Skeletal fingers closed about the hilt, and the glow of the blade intensified, sword and eyes pulsating in rhythm. Sharia reached for the blade that lay atop her. She found the rudimentary hilt of obsidian, which bit into her fingers when they closed about it, drawing blood as she gripped the sword with all her strength. Though she couldn’t focus her eyes or her thoughts, she somehow managed to drag herself to her feet.
Coaches/Owner +400
1/2 cup diced mozzarella cheese (or, your child's string cheese)
The class was not far from my house so it running, biking, or walking there is totally feasible and it was a great way to warm up and cool down from the class. The classes are being provided by Mybootcamp and so far have been pretty awesome. The instructor was pretty funny and for sure super motivational. I am definitely pumped to go back to another class.
To be honest, I thought it would be one of those things that W wrinkled his nose at. I can get very caught up planning something in my mind but at the end of the day, W lives here too and while he trusts my judgement, I like to make sure we're on the same side when it comes to decorating our home. For instance, I spoke to him about my idea of getting an oriental rug for the dining room. He read my post and wrinkled his nose. I showed him some other pics floating around blogland. He wasn't buying it. Oriental rugs remind him of the 70's (he is not a fan of this era by the way). Alas, I don't think I'm going to be able to talk him 'round. (Sigh.)
The German foodservices market value is expected to grow at a CAGR of 2.8% till 2016. The growth in the German foodservice market is expected to be driven by the increasing trend towards single households, the improvement in economic conditions and disposable incomes, and the decline in the rate of unemployment in the country.
flower from my stash
Do they have those?
5.Bake in preheated 350-degree oven for 15-20 minutes or until set.
This story seems to be a purpose reversal of the classic ‘cat’s might be evil/dangerous’ trope (it even refers to the cat as ‘the Black Cat’). Instead of the vague possibility of a cat that comes back to haunt a guilty man, or take revenge upon an old evil couple, or even to dream change into the world, in this story the cat clearly has supernatural abilities and is clearly ‘good’. There is little doubt for the reader to question the cat’s nature, other than to say that the narrator is crazy. However, unlike in ‘The Black Cat’, the narrator does not appear to be mentally unstable, so there is little reason to question his story.
Achievement count: All… 6? of them? You get one for completing each section of the first episode.
well whatever. burning pots, stacked plates, or juggling balls. i've got too many of them going on.
2/3 cup old-fashioned oats or quick-cooking oats
And the world seems to disappear
Emma's Poem: The Voice of the Statue of Liberty by Linda Glaser with illustrations by Claire A. Nivola
A sporty dress or skirt... might 'spring' me into action...
Spellbinder Die inked with Distress Inks
My prior life as an engineer taught me to only change one variable at a time and measure the results. I broke this rule with this batch, as I've been starting a series of Best Bitters in which the finishing hop is the only changing variable. The original bitter, called "Wotcha" and weighing out at a hefty 4.4% ABV, went for two batches (4 UK BBL) this summer. A lovely pint, as I'm fond of saying. The batch that just hit the pumps today substituted 150g of Amarillo (thanks to Block 15 in Corvallis for selling me a little ziplock baggy of the stuff) for the 150g of E.K. Goldings that inaugurated the series. A break from tradition, methinks. And then the mystery hop got tossed in. Now we all have to drink it.
Hopkins portrays Corky Withers, a painfully shy but talented magician who overcomes his stage fright when he takes on a sidekick--an extroverted and bawdy ventriloquist's dummy he names Fats. As Corky's act becomes more and more popular and draws the attention of big-time agents and Hollywood brass, introverted and insecure Corky allows the artificial Fats personality to take control.
Not Cowgirl, Cowboy. It makes a statement.
the "bowl"; stitching or some type of a border to "hold" the salsa
As you all know, this is the last Saturday Tutorial for the summer. We should be gearing up for September, so be sure to pop in for tidbits of info as to what the start up date will be.
9And when he had opened the fifth seal, I saw under the altar the souls of them that were slain for the word of God, and for the testimony which they held:
My daughter and I were his only biological offspring to watch him draw his last breath.
Take a look at Liverpool’s pre-season tour where they got a 40,000 gate for a training session, and an 80,000 gate for a friendly game. It’s unlikely that Bolton Wanderers would be able to promote that sort of interest.
My friend Tommy Tomlinson went to Georgia, and we would both listen to Munson games and call each other with our favorite moments. One moment stands above all else. There was the night Georgia was playing in a rainstorm in Mississippi, and the sideline reporter Loran Smith -- "whadyagot Loran?" was the rhythmic and reluctant-sounding cry from Munson during games -- announced that with the lightning crashing all around him, he was going to leave the sideline and find safety.
There is something else I need to say out loud. Last year when I moved into this house and a broken kiln switch delayed my work for a few weeks, I began a new chapter in my career as a potter. I began blogging in earnest, wanting to document my processes, first and foremost, for myself, and for any other artists, or buyers or just the general audience who might find some interest in the ins and outs of daily life by the seat of my clay covered pants. The new chapter involved making some big changes in the direction of my work. Most of you may or may not know, but for many years I had a very distinct style of work. My stoneware multi colored line:
I love the way it turned out and can't wait to add it to one of my soon to be finished rooms !
Small wonder, then, that American International (yes, AIP - Sam Z. Arkoff's stomping grounds), found itself on the ropes with the sucker punch provided by Meteor. It's not like Sam hadn't dealt with flops before... but those weren't flops on THIS big of a scale.
and feels so much better.
The brisk swell
“The U.S. report,” said Nick Nuttall, spokesman for the U.N. Environmental Program, “is yet further evidence that climate change is no longer a prediction for the future but a phenomenon that is already happening. The world might risk catastrophic and abrupt changes unless some measures are quickly acted upon.” Are Katrina and Rita representative of abrupt climatic changes?
I am currently reading Michael Pollan's "Food Rules." I previously read "The Omnivore's Dilemma" and it gave me a lot to think about. When I first committed to living a healthier lifestyle in 2010, my natural path took me towards "clean eating." I didn't intentionally choose it, it's just what made sense. Eating clean means eating real food, not manufactured and processed food.
Here is what i made using lots of Sarah's Ink Sprays, paint, cardboard, bubblewrap, ripped up paper, and a recycled bulldog clip and safety pin. Please excuse the photo, my canon has died for the time being and i have used my iphone.
This next card is probably my favorite one!! the USA part is done by sanding!! The blue paper has a white core (white-core cardstock) and I just sanded it over some chipboard letters to have the letters show through! I have so much fun with that technique! :)
3:09 p.m. — Transferring to fermenter.
The chief quality requires in a steward is faithfulness. S. Paul alludes to the words of Christ: “Who then is a faithful and wise steward?” (S. Luk_12:42). Theophylact says: “He is faithful if he does not regard his master’s goods as his own, if he does not treat them as if he were owner of them, but distribute them as another’s and his master’s: he does not speak of them as his own, but on the contrary say that what is his own belongs to his master.” So, too, is a teacher or preacher faithful who does not seek his own glory, but the glory of God and the conversion of souls, and do all he can to forward these two objects, not only by his preaching, but also by a perfect example of a holy life.
Many have been victims of our neglect on its importance. Some have committed suicide, while some put themselves in isolation, and others wander on streets without direction. Some inflict pain on themselves and worse is, other’s outrage has caused the loss of some innocent lives. There will be more cases of this sort if we do not act now. Issues on this matter should not be delayed; this should be dealt with once and for all.
Needless to say sleep did not come easy to either of us after that and I got up to research ways in which to prevent my cell phone from calling that particular number ever again. Although some options are available opinions vary as to their ultimate effectiveness. I ended up calling Rogers Communications (my phone provider) and asked if there was anything that could be done from their end.
And offers the grace of knowing
Key West -- we arrived back home on Friday night, following a busy week of campaigning in the Miami/Boca area. It feels as if we've been on the road for a month, and actually, now that I look at the calendar, we have.
The unusual thing about this tree carving was that it was that you can not see it from the road, it must have been carved by someone working the field and not someone passing by. The two gouge marks of the “F” is reminiscent of Nightmare on Elm Street… Freddy would make a fine front end to a combine harvester that’s for sure.
That's the poster for it.
Thanks so much for stoppin by today!!
6:12 - Eat supper
Small coffee shacks dot the landscape. You can drive up and order a hot chocolate or latte without leaving the warmth of your car. This morning we visited one called The Polar Expresso. Not surprisingly, Starbucks are everywhere. It makes sense. If anywhere needs hot beverages, it's Alaska.
It was great in school today!
Yup, the entire shelf and rod came right out of the wall. Evidently, the landlord hadn’t installed it properly.
Silpat, the original non-stick baking mat, is an eco-friendly kitchen tool and can be used thousands of times, if cared for properly. Use it in place of parchment paper to cut down on waste.
I felt incredibly lucky to be there at all - reservations had filled up quickly mere minutes after word spread about the event. By the time I called them at pretty close to the crack of dawn that day, there was already a waitlist of 72 people ahead of me.
rather, it's narrowing the field down to one each month.
October slipped into place this week right on schedule. Dawn arrives later and dusk creeps in earlier. The past few mornings temperatures were in the 40′s forcing dramatic change in the summer garden. Basil must be harvested today, for what may be the last time, before frost. The mighty seven-foot okra stalks were cut down yesterday, while attempting another flush of tender edibles.
Today is Lets Face it Friday!! Where you make a project for the challenge and it must include Peachy Keen Faces.
Canon Rebel EOS – All That You Need To Know
water balloon fights
Are you devoted to spreading Hope? One lucky Independent Miche Representative, based on Hope Shell sales, will win a free trip to Ghana as part of our Project 6 program! Our Project 6 program will be finishing work on the new Miche-funded Abomosu Junior Secondary School June 16-24 and I would love to be a part of this special gift of giving. Not only does the Hope shell spread hope in Ghana, it’s specially designed with quotes from cancer survivors and $5.00 from the purchase of each HOPE Shell is donated to the Huntsman Cancer Research Center!
In some ways it is hard to say why I love French Relations so much - it does have plenty of faults. And yet the characters are all so charmingly-written. The prose is so compulsively readable. The pages practically turn themselves.
Here's how she made it
Whee!
or learning something new, or just an all out great idea.
And lastly, you can have a rummage; morning, noon or night, click 'buy' and ten seconds later you have a book to read.
Kendra and Louis
i did it. i have a boy cut. its short. real short. but i do not hate it. just a little sad about it.
Teachers who write memoirs about teaching kids would have an easier time complying with this. Even the teacher writing their story of their first year on the job will have multiple classroom's worth of students to pick from and to discuss. They are able to make new characters who may be a combination of several kids. Teachers who write of many year's worth of teaching have it even easier. The teachers often write of the struggle to meet the needs of the students while being within a system where so much is out of
I was inclined to agree with him about the last part, but since he was on a rant I didn’t say anything. As far as Steve knew, I could be eating a ham sammich and watching the People’s Court, but it didn’t matter he was talking to himself now.
If you live in or near the Sheffield area of the UK and fancy visiting a Demo Day
best news for last and then a picture
Matt Chandler Sermons from around the globe
Inhale and lift up on the fingertips, then exhale and walk the hands forward, leaning your chest over the right lower leg until you feel a strong sensation in the right leg. Remain here for 5-8 breath cycles, then walk the hands back up, make your way back to Hands & Knees, & repeat on the other leg.
One of Adam's most requested treats is peppermint bark. It's super simple to make plus it's very festive for the holidays. Recently, I found a recipe for cookies-n-cream bark that I just had to try. The recipe was a hit and now Adam can have bark more than once a year. So here's the recipe:
and there is no, combination of words I could say
The other, newer model is the one pursued by the PBH Free Fringe and the Laughing Horse Free Festival, in which the audience does not pay in advance to see shows. Instead, after the show, there is a bucket or similar financial receptacle and the audience members throw into it what they think the show was worth – or they can pay nothing. These ‘free’ shows have the same ‘business model’ as busking in the street.
First Gold 10g – 7.8% @10mins
An investigation by Der Spiegel has unearthed approximately 4,000 photos and videos taken by the men.
Anyway, as tempting as it was to just go back to bed, I'm not one to waste a day off with something silly like sleeping. I tackled one of the corners I've been wanting to organize since before I started work, but was lazy.
That’s it for Part 1. Next up is Part 2: All About the Chimes.
My resolution: Get unplugged, regularly. I still think, one should plan it. And mean it. Not plan it and squeeze meetings, things and whatsoever in, just because you have time then. Unplug. Focus on other things, your environment, time with family and friends, sports, reading a book, visit your neighborhood or do a big thing – whatever it is: Focus and stretch your horizon. That’s what will help you and your forces to never run dry on inspiration.
Every life is sacred.
then she was born
After a few minutes of theorizing what that was all about (thinking we’re celebrities, practicing English, being surprised to see white people there, etc.), we went about our merry way, continuing our day tour of the city.
Well it's super late. We just had another Skype date because he text me and asked if I could get on to wish him goodnight. So cute. Again, he was hot and shirtless. I told him he's just so cute. He seemed to like that. I mean, who doesn't like to be told that they're cute, right? ;) Well, anyway.. heading to bed. Fingers crossed for this one, ok?
The last decade has seen the number of foreign offenders locked up every year in English prisons more than double, with only a few actually completing their full sentences.
SCC: I always worry about the music I mention in a book, fearing it will date it. Was that a concern for you, or did you want TINF to be marked as being of this particular time? Did you have a special playlist for the book, and if not, what did you listen to while writing it?
Well - 2000AD is a Magazine that has given work to a lot of new professionals. It has a Rock spirit and maintains the spirit of comics for young people, but in an intelligent way. It's a fetish of popular culture from 20th century and now the 21st.
Oh, don’t think the fun ended here! There was another vicious circle ahead.
I had never seen anyone, either in the neighborhood Olympics or the real ones on television, move as fast as that tiny little woman who gave birth to us did when she put it together. And the things she said… My God, I was awestruck. It was a veritable flurry of threats that even in my youth I found puzzlingly hypocritical. If my mother was so terribly concerned that I might possibly maim or kill my little brother, why on earth would she then proceed to threaten similar consequences if I didn’t get him, to use her words, “out of that damned wagon safely right this very minute”?
But Muslims, civil rights groups and other religious leaders say the conference is merely another event put on by well-known bigots to attack the minority religion. Their response was to schedule a town hall meeting just a few miles away on Sunday called "Rejecting Islamophobia: A Community Stand Against Hate."
Green gram .. handful (soaked for few hours)
And her firefly lamp I soon shall see,
i'm writing it down because i never want to forget these moments.
Until we are finally clothed
in relation to Europe, and their development of the idea of “Non-historic peoples”, peoples that history had by-passed, that, like the Palestinians, lacked the internal resources for nationhood, and who, like the Palestinians, ended up on the side of all kinds of reactionary forces in the revolutionary struggles of the time. Again, these writings, of Marx and Engels, are ones that many of today’s Marxists do not like to have raised. Many Marxists want their socialism to be of the pure type, which is only found in textbooks, and want the socialist heroes to be like the cowboys in the white hats, pure as driven snow, rather than real human beings, trying to deal with difficult questions, in conditions not of their choosing. There have been many attempts, by such Marxists, to massage the odd word or phrase, of Marx and Engels, to make them sound less harsh, in order to assuage the petit-bourgeois sensibilities of the milieu in which such people often operate. The case of the “Non-historic peoples” is a case in point.
- Canned Chunky soup 540 mL 2 for $4.00 (Campbell’s)
Please feel free to refer back to this series of posts whenever you need some fabulous fall fashion inspiration. I tried my best to showcase pieces that are trendy, affordable, and even comfortable :) Thank you for reading!
She cried after reading the card, and told the case worker that she knew she picked the perfect family for Spencer.
“Zircotec believes that Formula Student is an extremely worthwhile activity, helping participants to understand and implement the technologies of today’s contemporary race cars,” says Zircotec’s managing director Terry Graham. “We now offer a growing number of teams our coating service as a component part of a formal sponsorship package. Teams have access to our coatings and other products and in return we require them to provide a technical report of the results achieved. This way we can both learn from the use of the coating on the car.”
I think I told them I couldn't do it anymore.
The patent was directed to a method including a "displayable representation" showing the sequence of web-pages visited by a registered user on an information site.
Interviewer: He is what?
Fortunately, I did recognize him. We decided to go to another place instead, which we had to ourselves. I got to know him a bit better. On the plus side, he has a bachelor's degree, a job (well 2--a full-time mechanical designer job and a part-time pizza delivery job), and a car (30 years old; he maintains it himself). He owns his house, too, which he's renovating himself. It appears that he can do just about anything with his hands. On the question-mark side, he's a bit of a country boy, he seems conscious of the fact that I'm older than him, and, although he's 38, his ex is 27 and he's used to hanging out with 20-somethings. But we had a really nice conversation over drinks, so I invited him to join Southerner and me and the woman I've taken under my wing. It turned out to be a nice group. Downstairs Neighbor and her boyfriend joined us, too, which was great.
Finally Frenchy dismisses the situation, “Yoo don’t know my dahg or his personality. Yoo may az well stay hohm and watch TV, ffffuuuuuu(k).”
Also, if I walk one mile every day I will have a higher bone density when I’m in the postmenopausal age. The key here is one mile every day. I’m currently walking 1.6 miles every other day. I suppose when my life gets too busy, doing three spurts of ten-minute brisk walk is good, too. I’m still walking fast and getting my heart pumping.
Many (I think it's fair to say most) children's picture books are thinly disguised morality tales, and when not outright morality tales, are still strongly pushing and presenting the norms and expectations of the dominant culture. Not particularly surprising, really, considering that the writers of most children's books, like most people, are very firmly enmeshed in the dominant culture. And really, doesn't everyone know that children should listen to their parents and teachers, follow all the rules, behave "well," etc.?
“Kiera Hudson – Dead Angels” Book Two, coming soon!
No Plaza San Martin because of all the rain so instead we went searching all the bars and restaurants in Plaza Serrano in Palermo for a tv. Half of our group went to a Mexican restaurant (AY! Is that even allowed on a day such as today??) And claimed that whenever Argentina scored, the cooks flashed their knives! But unluckily for me and my compadres, an hour before the game started every seat in every bar had a blue and white butt in it! We ended up in an Irish pub of all places, but the atmosphere was purely Argentine!
I was going to drop the kids off at school,
Ironically, Seger was close to my age when he cut this track (he was 40 I'm now 38). It's a great song and I totally get it now that I have some silver in my hair...
7:18
It was a HomeGoods find! I haven't been able to find a tag with a brand name on the bottom, but it is marked "Summerton Collection" -- maybe that would help in finding it? I believe it was $199.
1 utter
Ok, not all of them, but many of them are. When I got to my residence on the first day and was craving Chinese food, everyone’s favorite dish was “Chicken Balls”.
Yesterday was a lovely day, sat in because I was waiting for the parcel, could’ve been out with my camera…. today is back to monsoon climates… great….
This was designed to optimize power, which is why it’s the last phases. You’ll also notice an endurance phase. This is because some endurance is needed(especially in team sports), but it’s not the emphasis of training. The other big concept is that each of these phases prepares you for the one that comes next.
They’re so rigid!
I stood (or sat) at our booth and watched the parade, such as it was, go by. (I'll wait for the final figures, but my guess is that this wasn't exactly the most-attended year of Popkomm by a long shot). Just down the way from us was the Icelandic national stand, and they were trapped in Berlin for three days while their country imploded. (They had set out some tortilla chips and dip, and, bizarrely enough, the tortilla chips were good. But were they Icelandic?) There are people who have been attending these things for years, the Conference Dogs, and I'm one of them. We all know each other and greet each other, even though, in my case, there's no way they're going to do any business with me or I have any business I can do with them. But they hustle around, renewing old deals, modifying current deals, getting new deals -- whatever kind of deals those might be.
It will be kind of funny as the people who want to get in touch with nature are the very same people who will be totally offended by the sight and smell of a huge mound of garbage and so I really kind of hate to object. I think huge government failures are pretty amusing, in a bitter ironic way.
Please be kind to one another and Let’s Save A Life!
Hometown: Originally from Madison WI. Spent time in Africa, Latin America, the East Coast, and the Pacific Northwest, before “settling” back in Boulder. Next stop on my list: Cape Town, South Africa or Granada, Spain (it’s a toss up!).
That's my hungry man.
Tanner and I sat down for a chat while Pete made friends among the other team members. From what Tanner said, they are members of a community south of Omaha. The community is somewhat similar to ours but has been more aggressive in taking in strangers. Apparently, another former Marine, Gunnery Sergeant Jonathan Hood, grew up in the area and initially established it as a retreat and training location for his former Marine buddies.
We can’t escape
He kisses her lips—
On the review front, I’ve been doing good with reading though none of my reviews are edited because life has been busy and Justin hasn't had time to help me. But I’ve been getting a lot done, have a few more to write and book to finish reading today. I also have a dayspring review coming up so keep your eyes peeled for that. Hopefully I’ll get more active with the blog and commenting on blogs and such. And also if you don't subscribe to my examiner columns do so! There are a bunch of great books I’m reviewing coming up!
Which was still an hour and a half. On bleachers. And, in our case, with a toddler.
What advice do you have for someone who's considering starting their own blog?
Lori is already known throughout the beading and jewelry world as the woman who created the Bead Soup Blog Parties three years ago. She's got a print book coming out this year, showcasing some of the best creations to come from her Bead Soup Blog Parties.
Paul does not like patina.
The investigators also recommended that two demand and acquisition clerks be suspended pending criminal investigation of fraud and corruption.
3. His / her mind is made up; choosing what is wrong despite all kinds of efforts to help him / her choose right
Psalm 22:3- But You are holy, You who inhabit the praises of Israel.
6And I heard as it were the voice of a great multitude, and as the voice of many waters, and as the voice of mighty thunderings, saying, Alleluia: for the Lord God omnipotent reigneth.
The strawberries are coming on strong now. I only have a few plants, and the slugs get most of the fruit, but this was a handfull that was unharmed and perfectly ripe. I trimmed off the stems and halved them, and we shared the tiny bounty.
All the church groups at my college are dying or becoming weaker. They have become plagued with internal fighting, passive aggressive political bull shit, and a leadership composed entirely of manginas and women… coincidence? No. Of course not. Tomorrow I will raise hell again and confront my church groups’ pastors about their amazing inability to attract men to their church. It’s time someone roared instead of bleated.
It was wonderful to have him with us again. I have written several articles about him.
While social reformers and think tanks formulate strategies that treat only superficial symptoms, without touching the basic social operation, The Venus Project approaches these problems somewhat differently. We feel we cannot eliminate these problems within the framework of the present political and monetary establishment. It would take too many years to accomplish any significant change. Most likely they would be watered down and thinned out to such an extent that the changes would be indistinguishable.
I also was assigned a new publicity person. They don’t do as much marketing on second books because you already have a reader base from book one. So that meant a little more effort on my part.
See, I'd have thought McDonnell was Romney's go-to evangelical. But here's an interesting thing: liberals made McDonnell and Virginia Republicans back down on an ultrasound bill. If you want to get Team Romney to cross a short-lister off the "safe" list, it looks as if all you have to do is make the short-lister controversial:
If all goes well though, most people should be able to access the site within a couple hours.
Jenny and I almost fell out of our chairs. We simultaneously said something along the lines of, "WHAT??!?!"
Sigh. No one cries when they see ships, Dezra. he said.
Please allow me to introduce you the sweet Hélène from Cléonis, a talented knitter that I've met through the blogosphere. And here is her latest crime, this delightful cardi. That's she in her french provençal garden in the early may sun.
