The reason why most doctors don't know anything about ME or if they think they do it's completely wrong, is because the CDC and the CBT psychiatrists first changed the name to Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and then they changed the criteria. How did they do that? Well they simply took the word musclefatigue, crossed out the word muscle and left out all other muscle problems including the main characteristic of ME, the abnormally delayed muscle recovery after doing trivial things, as well.
had a friend that
I used a black glitter pen to accent the spots and lines on the butterfly's wings.
If your turkey steaks are not of equal thickness, place them between two sheets of cling film and flatten them with a rolling pin, until they are all the same thickness. Be judicious as you don't want to tear your meat. Place the Parmesan cheese into a large shallow bowl. Season the turkey steaks generously with black pepper on both sides Press each side of the steaks into the cheese, pressing it onto the turkey with your fingers to help it to stick.
I read it early on, before it was a huge deal, because I idly picked up a friend’s younger brother’s copy and leafed through it, and was intrigued. The concept was interesting, the story was exciting, and though the prose is overly simple most of the time, and yes, there is way too much of that sappy love-triangle nonsense, the book actually has the plot and substance that the Twilight series, and most other series geared for this demographic, lack.
Alexander was descended from a long line of Poles who had played a prominent part in the history of their country as hereditary "Hetman of the crown." At the last partition of Poland in 1795, they passed over to the service of the Russian Empire. Rzewuski's grandfather was in the personal suite of four Tsars, and his father, General Adam Rzewuski, born in Ukraine, was military Governor of the Caucasus region at the time of Alexander's birth there in 1893.
Pitying, I dropped a tear:
Other might mean extraordinary, or beautiful, or so utterly necessary. Trust me. Maynard said so.
I have also begun a Tumblr and a Twitter in light of the social media revolution (Fantastic YouTube clip found here). If anyone is interested in checking those out, let me know! P.S. This video clip is beyond amazing! It is one of my favorites. And the music makes it….deep. Even sitting at my computer and very distracted, the music is sending shivers up my back. Make sure you have the speakers turned UP for this. The best way to explain it is: it sounds like the revolution has ended and the victors are emerging triumphant from the battlefield. You can hear new growth and peace in the video; celebration.
ROM 1:14 I am debtor both to the Greeks, and to the Barbarians; both to the wise, and to the unwise.
We will leave it to the self-proclaimed “experts” on the different forums to argue about its legality, as we trust that finally the real experts (i.e. the FIA) will decide if it’s legal or not. Just an interesting observation. ScarbsF1′s report on the new McLaren MP4-27 mentions that he asked Paddy Lowe regarding the Lotus anti-dive brake system and he said that the team looked into it but dismissed it immediately because the engineers felt that it was illegal. However, when ScarbsF1 inquired with regards to interlinked systems, the team refused to comment…
The lemongrass was also a great surprise. I had never considered growing this tropical plant because I thought it would be too tender, but it grew quickly and thickly in my garden and I still have a luxuriant stand of lemongrass even at this late date and after two frosts. The leaves are fragrant additions to curries and soups and I have a few bundles drying in the garden shed for winter teas. I've yet to scoop out the remainder of my lemongrass stalks and chop them up for the freezer but will need to do that and pronto, since snow is forecast for tomorrow.
I’d rather be making art that impacts and means something than art that is technically and skillfully perfect in every way.
This blog will be close soon! Make sure you subscribe to emails over on my new blog to keep up to date! You can see the "blog portion" by clicking on "blog" tab on the home page! Subscribe to emails on the right hand side of the blog portion! Thank you all for your support! I would LOVE to see what you think!
If there is a deal, the actual process of integration can start almost immediately, eventually leading to a closure of cantonments and the handover of weapons. Both Mr. Prachanda and Mr. Bhattarai have claimed that this will happen within the next month.
Over the years, I have amassed a sizable collection of cookbooks. Funny thing is I usually go back to the same one time and again once I find a great recipe. This one comes from Everyday Italian by Giada De Laurentis.
Well, we started the Christmas decorating on Thanks giving (about 2 hours put in) and then continued yesterday for a mere 7 more hours! And yes, the madness is continuing today.....
This was another one of my BMG purchases. I remember being struck by the cover, so simple and so young. I also wanted to play "the Sweater Song" on repeat rather than having to wait for it to come on the radio. I vacillated between crushes on the bassist and the lead singer. This cd led to purchases of all other Weezer albums until I stopped after Maladroit. Weezer is not a band that grows with you, it lingers in nostalgia world.
I look down to see him in his bed. Fast eye movements and small yelps in his lack of consciousness.
So, when I got to the gate, that is just what I said. Of course, I was zoned out to the point of not realizing that the nice Palestinian gatekeeper was one doorway up from the man I had wished peace upon. Instead, I had greeted Israeli security.
I should move there. Nope!
We had a Urology appointment today. It was a follow up to her latest kidney ultrasound and kidney, urethra, bladder x-ray. I went in there thinking maybe we would leave with a diagnosis of chronic urinary tract infections, and start Bactrum daily to prevent them in the future.
Penbino and Bebe would make a great gift for the 3 & 4 year olds. Although not recommended for children under three to due small parts, my 20 month old was quite enamored with these adorable penguins and enjoyed taking care of Bebe in her little egg.
This is a dark, dark, moody, stunningly shot (low budget) thriller about a young man in pain (Steinmeyer) who's searching for the killer of his mother.
1. For dukkah: toast hazelnuts in a dry skillet. Add to a food processor with the remaining ingredients and process until coarsely ground. This can also be done in a mortar and pestle but I find the peppercorns don't break up as well that way.
1 tsp corn starch
pins ( I like to use quilting pins with little flower at the end. They are cute, long and easy to find)
Pam Wardell, a drama expert based in Edinburgh, does a wonderful production of Brian Wildsmith’s version of The Sun and the Wind.
The farm people were greatly distressed over this, and there were few who wanted to stay home on that particular night. One Christmas, howeve, a young girl volunteered, and that was a relief to other members of the household.
I was embarrassed. I just wanted to melt back into the evening and discovered by-the-second my condition was worsening. I knew I needed help. I walked outside to call my husband to come and get me. As I looked at my cell phone I realized that I didn’t know how to use it. I knew I had my home number in the speed dial but I couldn’t figure out which button to press. Time was ticking and I was getting worse, my face was swelling and it was getting so difficult to think or to process what I was thinking. I pushed #5 (middle button) and sure enough my husband answered. I told him I needed help and needed to go to the hospital. He immediately jumped into panic mode – where are you he asked. My response scared us both “I don’t know”. Luckily enough I had left the directions to the Golf Course (where I was) on the dining room table. He Asked me are you at the Golf Course I said yes and he was on his way.
After much debate we have decided to make a small charge for admission. I know this a common bone of contention amongst people, but we feel that the balance of reasonable stall costs against small admission fee is a fair deal for everyone.
The owner’s mum, who helped with breakfast, was apologetic. She was shocked that “someone from the village” had left their dogs locked in the garden in freezing conditions. She promised to get to the bottom of it (yet didn’t need the number I’d been calling at 3 in the morning). She offered us a bacon sarnie and a bottle of cava. We declined. She said she’d spoken to the owner and we were promised – we were promised – our deposit back. So, tired and grumpy, we left, feeling far worse than we did when we’d arrived.
they entered, they did not find the body of the Lord Jesus. While they were puzzling over this, behold, two men in dazzling garments appeared to them.
5. Do two to four more repeats, continuing to increase your push-offs each time until you’re not running comfortably anymore. Back off the cadence at that point, and for any remaining repeats, maintain the number of push-offs that allows you to stay relaxed while still using a faster turnover.
Us: That is neat! Who knew frozen cameras worked! Were there any particularly dangerous incidents while you were shooting?
So his representation quit, justifiably, under those circumstances. Weirdness.
No heart is pretty much how Billy Madison goes. Its primary function is to generate laughs in any way possible. While some of the humor flirts with satire, most of it relies on absurd bits like a giant penguin hallucination, cartton violence, and the old standby of bathroom humor. Typical Sandler fare for the typical Sandler fan.
R 3: Join in 7th sc of first loop. * Ch 15, work sl st in 3rd ch from hook for picot. Ch 12, skip 1 sc, sc in next sc, ch 8, sl st in 3rd ch from hook for picot. Ch 5 sc in 7th sc of next loop *. Repeat from * to * around, ending ch 5, sl st in joining. End off.
My daughter A's class made traditional coupon books for Mother's Day. In addition to one free hug, I got this coupon...
I was excited to read this on that page, too: " Ganesha’s rat may be depicted in films as a cute mouse but it is a bandicoot..." I was in India a month and didn't see a single monkey, but the last night, on the way to the airport, I saw something running in the raised, wide median between lanes on the highway in Mumbai. I saw more than one. In Albuquerque it might've been prairie dogs, living in the dirt next to a freeway, but it was nighttime and this wasn't Albuquerque. I'm glad I saw them, and I'm glad that Hema and Pardnya believed I had seen them, and said "bandicoots." So I didn't see monkeys, but I did see bandicoots (fleetingly), and now I understand why sometimes (in English) I read that Ganesha has a rat, and sometimes I read it's a mouse, because as far as I (and probably others in the western-English-speaking-world) knew, Crash Bandicoot was nothing more than a video game character.
We’ll actually be kicking things into gear a bit early this year. No sooner will we arrive at the hotel tomorrow evening than Michi will head out on a “Haunted Denver Bus Tour.” Meanwhile, Kevin and I will have my two kids, and we’ll be in search of the finest chicken fingers in all the land. Oh, and I’ll be hunting for some of that Great Divide beer, since they don’t sell it here.
Barack Obama, a recipient of Affirmative Action, educated in the Elite schools, politically-connected, who made his previous livings either sucking off the teat of the taxpayer or being paid to do work of no real economic value or benefit to others (Harvard Law Review), and paid for by the fruits of Capitalism, is doing irreparable harm to America. Obama is not a Socialist as we would generally understand the term. It’s much more insidious than that.
but somehow it feels different
because you can eat them.
As long as our society continues to applaud and reward dishonest, corrupt behaviour, we will continue sliding downhill.
So OK, I have a looooonnnnggggggg “If I win the lottery” list and this is only part of it. I will share more & more items on this list on a monthly basis so keep a look out for it.
When I woke up this morning, the BBC News channel was reporting that the NASA spacecraft could not be found, but it had passed over the UK twice during the night and was now “the size of a refrigerator”.
• Developing a legal paradigm for patents, by Helen Gubby, published by Eleven International Publishing. The author is an attorney and expert in legal terminology and linguistics with experience of both common and civil law systems. This book is a historical analysis which shows that the dialogue today over the role and function of the patent system is both based on and reflected by judicial decision-making in earlier times. Further details available from the publisher's website here.
Although Munroe didn’t include ass in this survey, I’d say the same adjectives that you don’t find intensified with fucking or as shit, you also don’t find intensified with ass. A lot of the discussion on the xkcd forum focused on which adjectives could and couldn’t be intensified in these ways, but as I thought about these three obscenity-based intensifiers, it occurred to me that even one and the same adjective can’t always be intensified by all three of these intensifiers. In fact, I discovered that the rules for how to use fucking, ass, and as shit are pretty subtle.
BTW I found out that my friend needs to go to Tioman again next week with other of my colleagues. I’m safe because I have to attend a workshop in KL. I’m so relief but feeling pity to my friend. Good Luck!! The ferry journey from Mersing took almost time as from Tanjung Gemok but this time no dizziness.
Trish Munro
2. I have rye bread, the Finnish version. And I’m so happy. But I only got 10 bread left (20 slices) because someone ate four slices for breakfast this morning. I have to hold back. I want a rye bread right now! But if I eat everything now (yes, I’m very capable of doing that) then I’ll be without rye bread until someone sends me some (or brings me some).
You were smart enough to make me accept this treatment and to forgive you and even attempt to get you help
Never before have I felt so close to someone, even closer than when you have sex with someone and so much more meaningful, it’s weird…
Jockey Brian Crowley, riding Arcadius for the fifth consecutive time, sent the gelding after the leader around the far turn and took the lead at the 18th of 20 national hurdles on the course.
I actually developed a characterr off this vision of her, Ivy Vine. Her chracter drew more on the meaning of the ivy plant which is friendship. She mainly played a supportive roles in my fictional land of Nowhere, being the reliable friend in a world populated by really interesting (read slightly crazy/unique thinking) people. Because of this, she is often stuck babysitting Fairy, a siren whose concept of right and wrong is that if someone asks her to help them do anything, she's doing good by helping them. While she doesn't get enough page time to display this really,Ivy does have an aversion to men like her spark of inspiration, and she would probably choose plants over a man.
Add cauliflower toss
His daughter was silent for a few moments which caused the man to consider he had given a satisfactory answer. This was not quite the case.
From my sun sign, conjuncts, moon sign, and one sesquiquadrate, I have apparently every good quality it is possible to have. I am ambitious with drive, and creative. I have charm and magnetism. I am down to Earth. I am purposeful, focused and efficient with good organisational skills. Quite a lot for me to go out into the World and manifest. I am nurturing, empathetic and sensitive, and Sun conjunct Mars fosters heroism and valour.
I decided to give it a feminine touch and use some fun buttons and twine (TLC challenge at Splitcoast). The colors are inspired by the Shabby Tea Room challenge. The ornament is embossed and Gold and cut out with the Spellbinders Holiday Tags. The ornament is framed with two "Labels 4" cut outs going in alternate directions.
Pour the boiling water over the other ingredients, stirring well all the time, then boil the whole for about 3 minutes.
We look forward to continuing to adapting additional platforms to deliver the latest news, information and multimedia presented in an eclectic way.
but a victory never the less.
Finish: Short-medium on dry sherry. Matchheads, toffee, honey. Flinty.
Public opinion where "Assent becomes a duty"
Russian and Moldavian criminals (be they of the organised type or of the street) regularly decide on Odessa as a place to go to let the matters calm down in their home nations. Part of the city known as Moldovanka is notorious for accommodating such people.
PLUSES - Really memorable photography, not good in all cases but definitely memorable. The circled silhouette as a position identifier is a nice touch. One of the few uses of the black card back. It works in this case.
Hiroyuki Urasawa (Urasawa) Tartar Duo
3 tadpole
hot dogs and smores
A. The government knows what to do as regards the Boko Haram issue but they
Last night I had dinner with my very dear best friend. Yes, even at 56 years of age, I have a best friend. This friend is more than just a friend....she is a sister in Christ. We have shared our lives together for almost 15 years now. It was a wonderful evening to celebrate her birthday and before we left the restaurant she thanked our server for his taking care of us and blessed him by saying "I pray you have a Christ-filled Christmas!" He was genuinely surprised and grateful that someone took the time to share a greeting with him. After chatting with him a few moments I truly believe that brightened his evening.
I am lucky to have worked out the sweetest internship possible! I will be interning as the social media expert for Sleep Fleet, a Ohio band that everyone should check out- because they’re awesome (not just because they are giving me a great internship opportunity). So be sure to like them on Facebook, and follow them on Tumblr and Twitter (links to come as soon as I start my internship and set those pages up!)
me: “Which exit, Anna?”
Now when the splitter grounds on track, the leading edge will tilt up and the trailing edge tilt down. This ‘See-Saw’ effect, will allow a slightly lower front ride height as the splitter will be deflecting upwards. To achieve this the plank will need to flex, as the front section of plank must now be a minimum of 1m long, far longer than the splitter. The drooping trailing edge of the splitter will now make the plank contact the ground, leading to a distinctive wear pattern. Now having plank wear in two placed, beneath the splitters leading edge and the trailing edge. This will also have the benefit of spreading the wear over a larger area of plank and reducing the likely hood that the front inspection hole will be excessively worn. The fulcrum point need not be the overtly obvious pivot I have drawn and the entire exterior of the splitter could be covered in bodywork, which will have enough strength to keep the splitter in place when stationery, but deform enough to allow the splitter to ‘see-saw’. But in this guise the splitter will not have the strength to meet the 200kg load from the FIA test. so how will it pass the test?
Just because you or business has to cut down on travel this year does not mean you shouldn’t get a shot at reaching elite status or earning enough Amtrak points for travel. Pre-register for these deals now to reach travel rewards goals twice as fast this fall.
“Really? What happens then?” the secretary asks.
Whilst I’m not claiming any exclusivity with this compilation and freely admit it’s more of a primer for the curious than any sort of “unearthed rarities!” effort (I really don’t have the cash to buy that sort of stuff at auctions, I’m afraid, and there really can’t be much “unearthed” material left anyway) I hope you enjoy it and find something here which takes you by surprise – pleasantly or otherwise.
Last fall, we flew to Arkansas to attend my cousin's wedding, and we learned that it's important to scope out where the fun is when you get to somewhere new. You're going to have down time, and you can't depend on good weather. We spent a lot of time driving around in the rain on our way to sit down and chat and eat. That can be tough on kids, and they get bored fast. Most towns have indoor play facilities, and you can sign up for a free "introductory" tumbling or dance class if you have shorties who need to burn off some steam for an hour or two. Don't be above Chuck E Cheese (OMG, seriously, it's its own level of hell, but it can be a lifesaver).
Maybe I should have said, “Just Ja.”
The German newspaper Die Welt, which apparently obtained an advance copy of Grass’ poem, published a response by rabid Zionist Henryk Broder, the country’s most prominent Jewish writer. “Grass always had a problem with Jews, but it has never articulated it as clearly as he has in this poem.” Broder said “Grass has always had a tendency toward megalomania, but this time he is completely nuts.” I would expect Germany’s leading Jewish writer to come with something slightly more astute.
I propose we take a page from the NBA owners and lock Congress out.
I guess it’s because I feel like I really relate to her.
She said the punk leaned over and said to another student - loud enough for her to hear - "Did you understand what she just said?" His tone was irritated. "Because I didn't understand one word."
My thoughts are from Paul Romer’s (bio) radical idea about charter cities (TED link). He talked about building cities with good rules (institutions) which drives people to move there and businesses to grow, finally accelerating urbanization process in underdeveloped areas around the world. According to Prof. Romer, we need rules which offer more choices to people and more choices to leaders in order to change bad rules. The government can be too strong (North Korea) or too weak (Haiti) to ensure the provision of public goods (in Romer’s case, electricity).
So here are today’s Take-off questions:
were some lovely creations and a sweet prize for last week's challenge;
Switching between "compose" and "HTML" seems functional. That's a vast improvement. Let's add a photo.
Besides, she had her place in the world pretty well carved out:
But hating the act of writing itself? I had to think about that.
My mind gets all panicked when I do something like order lunch. I start having images of gorging on donuts and pizza and pulling a rolling table up to the all you can eat buffet at Golden Corral… I suppose that as long as I have that bit of fear in me it is a good thing for sticking to the plan. I have to walk the balancing line between a healthy concern and an overriding and controlling phobia… After all that, I became busy on a project and completely forgot about ordering….
Not with this book, but I certainly have experienced rejection in my career. It took me many years to break into the children’s illustration field. I learned how to pick myself up and move on when I didn’t get a project, or, in the case of a picture book idea I pitched several years ago, when I had to accept that a project would never get past the drawing board stage.
Lilly Pulitzer Trellis Tote- I blogged about this one a few weeks ago, and I still love it. It seems to be the perfect size for when you want a bigger handbag, but not over the top huge.
.. I was thinking I would love to use the script images for my Project Life
Tuesday, August 21st–I went to four group therapy sessions.
This is my time for reflecting...of how much stronger and more determined I am NOW to getting back my life. I had something that has forever affected my life 18 months ago. What it was is not important to share here BUT the dire consequences and impact it had on my life is immeasurable to my inner growth and spirit to live rather than die.
Double boiler (I found a sweet one for $2 at Salvation Army)
Before you jump up and tell me that you’re not refusing the energy of love, I’d like you to answer this question honestly: When was the last time you were in a healthy, long-term relationship? If it’s been a while, then you’re likely refusing the energy of love. And that’s perfectly okay as long as you know that you’re doing that. If you’re not ready for love, then you’re not ready for love. If you need a break, then you need a break. If you’ve given up on finding love, then you’ve given up on finding love.
up to $2500 = 15%
Listening to today: 99.9 The Buzz radio station
I can only imagine my parents liked to picnic… would be a sincere possibility now I think about it… I don’t – I just don’t like to picnic. Unless it’s extremely clean around there!! Like… in my bed… But eating a late lunch munched, deformed, grilled and melted by the hot sun, sitting in the “oh so green” grass (usually all the benches where occupied) right next to a “pie” of cow shit is not really my imagination of a perfect meal in clean whereabouts…
Take good care of yourself
I read through a sampling of the letters he shared from his hobby heyday of 1998-2006. Gabe Kapler explained how he felt about Jewish jokes from teammates. Pitcher Andrew Lorraine wrote about the challenges of trying to keep an active faith with the rigors of a major league schedule. Hy Cohen, who pitched for the 1955 Cubs, told how "fastballs close to the body" could silence anti-semetic opponents.
SAP Solutions
The reason for Sunday morning football is that I’m participating in Blondes vs. Brunettes, a charity powderpuff football game. I volunteered to play because I thought I was Tom Brady. (Also the charity supports Alzheimer’s research but mostly I’m Tom Brady.)
Gregory: that’s not very nice of you
and some things leave me confused.
There are two kinds of faces: the ones that barely need the touch of a brush or a whisper of lipstick and they are done, perfect. And there are the other faces, where you look for the beauty and plan your work as a surveyor would gaze out to the horizon, mapping the terrain. Those faces have the eyes that look to you with a mixture of admiration and trepidation. They already feel incomplete, and expect to be disappointed. But it is for those faces that you pull out all the stops, to make them realize they are so much more in reality than the jumble of brushes and products.
As a side note, you will have to have a Facebook account and "like" my Teaching Resources page in order to enter the contest. I invite you to follow me here on Corkboard Connections as well. I recommend following by email so you don't miss out on new freebies and timely teaching strategies.
It’s easy to get disenchanted with church when you make it all about you, but when you decide to make it all about God church can become for you what God created it to be. The author does not offer the solution of just walking away from the church but finding a way to gracefully walk back in.
I am not going to tell you how bad last night was for fear of tears. Let me just say, Anna slept through, that is my positive I will take from last night.
He said the ‘settlement’ with the banks would not stop multi-billion pound bonuses being paid – including to the bosses of taxpayer-funded companies. Speaking yesterday, on the BBC Radio 4’s Today programme, he said that banks had tied the government in knots and come out with a ‘soft deal’. He said: ‘The problem with this deal is that it sent out all the wrong messages, particularly from David Cameron but also the Treasury, that we had to do a deal with them. and I can tell you the only way you do a good deal with banks is if they don’t think you’ve got to do a deal.’
And I don't have a lot of time anyway, so I doubt if I would write a lot more if my computer was still among us.
We don’t want to stop feeling optimistic that children and families might regain some of their privacy, but it’s hard not to feel that, yet again, we’re watching some horribly familiar shadow-boxing and semantic games.
Later? I've already got two books out in the world that are shining wit and wisdom in the lives of those experiencing the trials and tribulations of dating.
Sara found all her props and decorations at Hobby Lobby and Party City.
I CRAVE stability and schedule
20 - versatones - bila
Small things with small alterations in motivation, but the Jaidee in the novel wouldn’t be the same without his Thai background and culture.
"If you licked my carpet right now, I bet it would still taste like frosting." - Awesome Girl I met the night before the wedding. I'll let you determine what she was referring to.
And your son was your eldest lad,
The second quilt I would like to share with you is called "Sandstorm Over the White Desert" by an Australian quilt maker by the name of Jenny Bowker. For those of you who may be unfamiliar with Jenny's work, you really are missing out. I have to admit that a quilt by Jenny is one of the reasons why I took up quilting in the first place.
Just outside of the south carolina mortgage refinancing a protected report. Id. A South Carolina whistleblowers who are involved in mortgage fraud prosecution, to not testify if any part of a report, a public university located in Spartanburg, South Carolina. This place has about two thousand animals in it which stay in a place which closely resembles there natural habitats. The garden has some good collections of sculptures from very good artists that are state funded to small colleges promoting liberal arts, military or religious traditions. College sports are very low compared to the south carolina mortgage refinancing and bank fraud criminal conviction can have important consequences in how a case is handled. A white collar criminal defense attorney. The 5th Amendment protection for a corporation. Obviously, if a defendant has been indicted or arrested for declining to answer these sorts of questions.
Do you have any strange collections that you would like to share?
Anyhoo, he finally decided that a pellet stove was what we needed. He had me look them up online and compare their prices and ratings. He talked to everyone he knew who had one - they all love theirs - and he measured over and over again to figure out the best place to install it. Finally, he called a few stove shops and had them come out to give us estimates.
Led Zeppelin Stairway to heaven UK
This requirement means there must be a direct connection between the injury and the desire or attempt to further the employer’s business. If the employer benefits in some way, whether monetarily or otherwise, from the employee’s activity, then the claim meets this qualification.
Right now, the plan is for the Boulevard Grills to carry Unfiltered Wheat, Pale Ale and Boulevard Pilsner on tap.
See number one. Replace Cossack girls with gypsy equivalents. Replace KGB officer with Old Uncle Vanya. Set in the mountains of Eastern Bulgaria.
I have stopped smiling at them and nodding and keeping to myself. I have started firing back. "NO you know what I really need? To make my own decisions. To decide what's best for me. And I really don't like doing what you're suggesting. So I'm not doing it that way thank you very much."
Wine pairing: Hananomai Sake "Katana" Junmai Ginjo, Japan
Cut on the diagonal into slices 1/2 inch thick, and serve with potatoes.
Ok so now the boring stuff....please only a max of 3 entries each and please join in via mr linky below using your post not entire blog andf of course mainly we want to see lots of fun...
But she is also the younger of two princesses, the one who has never done anything remarkable. She can’t see how she ever will.
It's not necessary to buy pre-packaged pillow forms ($$). I found this lumbar in the clearance aisle for $3. The backside has some pretty attractive stars and stripes, but as long as your fabric hides the design, it doesn't matter.
Even on a seperate note from this, I have noticed that I am a tad bit racist. Now I LOVE local nigerians. They are pretty cool, down to earth, always always always love the kids. But the ones who end up coming abroad to work/study/anything.
In the ADSR6 at NDISB -- I am this is my first year and so far the first 2 challenges have been posted.
At the end of the ride, the boys gave it a thumbs up, but the adults in our group? Yeah, not so much. It wasn’t that the ride was frightening, as they had feared, but that (….wait for it….) they were offended by the Tim Burton-y transformation it had undergone. They all wished it had stayed untouched and looked just like they remembered it from their childhoods.
Plants and vines and orchards surround the main house and the bunk house, which are set on the edge of fresh-water creek. That creek is also the bathing facility, and while it is chilly there is something wonderful about bathing down there. You feel like you’re one of those luxury soap advertisements where the actors are bathing in some tropical lagoon.
It's a problem because I start class again tomorrow. And I should have a minimum of 200 pages of reading and a paper to write every week. And my internship is about to ramp up in hours. And not yet on my WIP list is the 400 baby quilts I need to make for all the pregnant women in my life. And the only thing I want to do right now is anything on that WIP list and NOT the readings I am supposed to be doing for the first day of class tomorrow.
I like to think of the electrical world as being composed of a few "continents". One continent is certainly electronics: computers, calculators, TV, radios, audio amplifiers, electronic music, and the many electrical toys we're surrounded by. Another continent, certainly a very important one, is power: generation and transmission. For the most part, these continents don't touch - except where your electronic device connects into the power generation and transmission system. There are not many components that these two continents share. I can think of only a handful: wires and connectors, sure, but also motors. From the giant electric motors in diesel electric locomotives to the tiny "vibrator" in your cellphone - the silent ringer - motors occupy big places in both continents.
rare showing of ‘Les Forces Occultes’ – a feature length anti-masonic
The truth is, none of this would have happened if I would have awakened at 7:00 AM. I know myself too well.
Here you see one of the doors glued under the stairwell. This will "lead" into Uncle Morts workshop................the Orangery ! I will fix the other door to the back of the house in the same position inside the workshop and it will appear that it opens .
Hi everybody - for today's Spellbinders blog project I created this little Strawberry Favor box. I used a combination of old and new die templates including Spellbinders brand new Cut-Fold-Tuck dies. I have a tutorial on how I put this together on this Spellbinders Blog post:
We’ll attempt to balance this equation later, but let me explain what it is that brought this idea to my mind. That’s right, imagine if you will a tiny lightbulb appear above my head. It’s only appropriate. And imagine Jesus is holding that bulb above my head. While… telling me what day my birthday is on.
Now, I'd previously started sewing some Softie bodies which were going to become dogs for the next installment of Project 3. I completed one, and while I was kind of happy with it, there was just a certain something missing. Cue, the train of thought beginning. Dogs. Dogs and English monarchy. Dogs and English monarchy = King Charles maybe?
Pete nodded. “Maka, you make the call. Make sure you raise the Johnsons and tell them to bring the .50′s.”
Every once in a while I come across a house or a project that takes my breath away. I get very... o so d about it. Today, on the Nate Berkus show, this Brooklyn Home was featured. What talent... Lyndsay and Fitzhugh Karol both graduated from Rhode Island School of design and tackled their 1st joint project together...their own home. These images came from re-nest and the photographs were taken by Liz Vidyarthi. I'm sure we'll see much more of this incredibly talented couple....Maybe a show on Bravo? How amazing...Check out the article....
Unfortunately, the classlessness of the audience is what will stick in my mind about the experience. At the end, people around us got up before the last chorus had faded, started to leave before the curtain call, blocking the view for those of us still in our seats. God forbid they would have to spend one second longer in downtown Cleveland after dark, wait for the elevator and line-up to get their cars out of the parking garage. People are better behaved, and quieter, in our local movie theaters. And I have never seen this kind of bad behavior in any local live theater venue, kudos to you Lake/Geauga countians and visitors!
If you are following trends, fashion, all that stuff, you know what the Arty ring by YSL is.
so we simply held each other
1. Hall & Oates - You Make My Dreams
Give them space when they need time alone.
Do you yell at your children because they won't clean up their rooms? Accept that the rooms are their space and it is their choice if they clean. Ask them if they would like help cleaning, but the minute you start feeling tension creeping into the situation take a break, get a snack, go outside
Did the mother and the babies live on? Maybe yes, Maybe no but that should live us asking more questions.
Laura Hoot has been writing professionally since 2004 and manages HomeAway’s travel ideas site. She also runs a household of three dogs, a cat, two chickens and a baby boy along with her husband. She’s written for USA Today’s travel site, GirlsGetaway.com , Cheapo Air, Travels.com, Trails.com, eFilmCritic.com, The Budget Fashionista and Travellogged.com among other sites.
from the beautiful days.
The design team is so excited about showing off the brand new Wonderland Perfectly Clear™ Stamps from our sponsor, Stampendous (Website | Blog). This Alice is all dressed up from her shining shoes to the top of her hat, not to mention her frilly parasol! We will have THREE winners this month, and they will each receive the same Wonderland stamp set the design team is using!
I still like Christianity as we have it today, however. I attended the Good Friday service at my old Presbyeterian church, for instance. See here. But it is a very poor reflection of the original faith.
I did some masking with Fairy Eva. Also made the sky using PTI's cloud die. I love how soft the sky turned out. The sentiment is also from the Fairy Princess set. I lightly colored in the edges of her wings and added stickles.
an imperfect host of the Perfect.
He will be remembered for his roles in the film Cleopatra (1963) opposite Elizabeth Taylor and where they first met. Other films together included The VIPs and Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? Other memorable film appearances include My Cousin Rachel opposite Olivia de Havilland and The Robe with Jean Simmons.
Addisyn White thought that she had her new life, her after life, all figured out. Granted, death had not brought her to the pearly gates, she hadn’t even left Earth. But death had its perks; she got to live forever with her best friend and her assigned Link of Angels in a beautiful beach house. Even with the changes she was going through to turn her human body into an angelic one, everything seemed pretty easy. Until a gray winged angel comes into her life, then all the secrets and lies her link had been keeping start crumbling away, exposing a whole new world of dangers she didn’t even know about.
Popgun Oh, what a day B
If your child is upset, picture there being a fire inside her. You can walk away from the flames, sure. You may even think the fire has gone out because you can't see it from where you are standing. And maybe your child will learn to hide the flames from you better next time.
I recently picked up a collection of dance vinyl from a collector and in it was this Russian text cover of Sigue Sigue Sputnik's Love Missile. As that track has seen a fair amount of coverage, I thought I would post the track on the B side that I've heard less of. All around I like their sound a lot. But that would make sense cause this was produced by Giorgio Morodor, who I love.
…so that He will be revered.
In a large bowl sift in the flour, salt, bicarbonate of soda, baking powder and spices. Add both sugars and mix well.
According to The Royal College of Psychiatrists, writing about traumatic, stressful or emotional events can result in improvements in physical and psychological health. The Royal College goes on to suggest that expressive writing can be used as a therapeutic tool for survivors of trauma and in psychiatric settings.
The possibilities are endless.
The payments were cashed into the rabbis’ charity accounts and handed back to Dwek, keeping a portion as their cut.
I have 2 little ones in school this year and a lot of my summer practice for school included writing for both of them. I was introduced to the video Steps4Kids to Write Modern Manuscript dvd recently and was excited to check it out! My 6 year old has been really improving with her reading and writing and has come a long way in the last year. I figured this video would help her to continue in the right direction!
Have a WONDERFUL Monday!!!!
England and Watts were booked into the Tulsa Jail without bail on three complaints of first-degree murder, two complaints of shooting with intent to kill and a complaint of possession a firearm in commission of a felony.
The novel is relatively short in length, which aided by Palahniuk’s fast-paced writing style makes for a thoroughly engaging read that never ends up treading on dull territory. Narrated from a first-person point of view by the unnamed protagonist, the plot is smartly written and impressively put together, leading up to a truly outstanding twist that leaves absolutely no shortcomings in execution.
My daughter–not quite four, and so still stuck in that really awful post-toddler phase–sits at the table talking, giggling, bouncing, crying, singing, dancing, moving her fork around in the macaroni. Everything she can do that does not involve putting food in her mouth. We ask her to eat, tell her to eat, beg her to eat, command her to eat, bribe her to eat. Nothing works.
1 cup butter
Add your linky below! Enter your blog name along with whether your giveaway is US, US/CA, Int.
began to talk nonsense, and went so far that Lord Robert at last said,
2. the MITM just called. seems t-mobile does not provide consistent nationwide coverage, so in order to reach me, he had to use a phone with a different provider...6 guys, 6 phones and they have to use different ones in different areas...wtf? given the amount of money people pay for service, coverage should be everywhere, any time, 24/7/365! dammit (i know, useless rant.)
depth
But what happens,
Sure enough I got it for her along with 500g of extra light and 500g of light spray malt. Along with the contents of the can, this would bring the alcohol content of the beer to between 3 and 3.5% which should lead to a light and refreshing brew.
-Wash the broccoli in warm water and add little salt.Leave for 5 minutes,remove from water and chop it very small.
As I was saying, I recently blogged about our fifth anniversary (smile). It was on a Friday, the same as five years ago, which is odd, but I guess that’s how leap years work. We went to The Duke of York in The Annex and got hammered. Perhaps if we didn’t like each other as much as we did, we might not have become as utterly annihilated as we were that night. But the night continued ever on and the drinks continued because to end something so special would be a crime. The sun follows no such laws though and eventually when it rose, we were still together.
I can appreciate the view that being steeped in a particualr style limits one and the musical options that they have. I have recently started to play the guitar, and I like playing on blues scales. This is largely to impress my friends at my ability to naturally create riffs and hooks, but there is another sense in which I communicate my utter disdain for a style by its ease, there is a sense of comfort and familiarity when I play a ragtime. I’m not very good at sightreading Bach, even less if I attempted Beethoven or Chopin. Joplin and Lamb, by contrast, are a joy to practice at sight, this is because of my own insecurity as a piano player, but also there is a joy in seeing the immediate fruit of one’s labour by my immediate apprehension of the musical style and its playing ease. There is not as much ease, by contrast, in heavier romantic styles.
My partner was Tracy from Tennessee and she is super nice! We became friends on Facebook and Pinterest. So I decided to browse her Pinterest boards to get an idea of something to make her. I figured if she had pinned it, she'd for sure like it. Brilliant, no? She had pinned a couple dish towel aprons. I loved the idea of it and figured that was something I could do.
These days, the actual Aircraft possess introduced their own choice in order to component methods along with experienced broad recipient Logan Payne. Payne invested the very first two months associated with year 2011 rehabbing from the hand injuries experienced throughout the pre-season. Next 6 7 days time period, the actual Aircraft positioned Payne upon IRGI, closing their time of year so that as we have now understand their profession along with Ny. Steiny mentioned upon Tweet which using the excess associated with receivers, Payne grew to become expendable.
Purchase Order Number : D20120236***
This was a very curious WOD. I don’t remember participating in a WOD that a) was NOT driven by time and b) based on the premise of “least amount of sets possible.” It made strategy and goals very challenging. My ideal goal was to complete in 15 total rounds. 10 reps each of HSPU for 5 sets and 10 reps each for 10 sets pull ups. I also should have paced it out with 2 sets of pullups for every set of HSPU, but neither of those things happened.
“She can’t wait to start performing live again and her new stage name has given her comeback an extra bit of spice.”
Nobody has reported him missing.
I did have another blog on the go called I am Swan, which I have just transferred to its own page on Bookworm Bites Back (BWBB). All part of the revamp. There will be more correspondence from Swan in the near future.
This is overwhelming.
She's almost all better now as you can hear from the clip. (if you can't see the clip in the email, click the title of this post and watch online - soooo cute.)
Our proposal is for the Public Procurement Commission to have powers to punish both frivolous complainants as well as parties found to be in breach of the new system. Those can range from fines to embargoes, during which offending parties can be banned from tendering opportunities. Offending public officers can be subject to both fines and/or imprisonment.
The agreement also establishes a Center for Copyright Information to support implementation of the system and educate consumers about the importance of copyright.
i went to Puchong yesterday with my younger brother, Arief.
So, yeah, while I may lunge out my window and offer a less than appropriate hand gesture, or spew epithets in their general direction, it's not as though I'm actively sabotaging them, or sending them envelopes full of Anthrax, and that's gotta count for something, right?
Make walnut shell candles
And there have been unbirthday presents (not to mention birthday presents). I have a habit of being so pleased with myself when I make something presentable that I cast around for someone to give it to, so my two Pleated Pouches (the pattern is from here) rather than remaining in stock for jolly old Yuletide have found their way to new homes, the flowery one as a thank you for being a friend to Princess Bunchy, and the spotty one as a thank you for my dear Mamma.
(This is not the coat--this is my father's sister, Iny. But this is very much like my mother's coat.)
OZZY OSBOURNE (The Jerky Boys: The Movie)
Pearson
The Half Ends 0-0, but I have 4 in the knock out box and I haven't done any damage of any kind to him.
This will precipitate a greater unfolding and unraveling, if you will, of the Divine Plan of your life and of the greater mission that you chose to undertake on behalf of the greater good for all. You have been feeling the friction of being between two dimensions while moving into yet a higher one.
I added a little more variety this week. These are foods my kids like and I know they will eat. It took 30 minutes to prep which I feel is so worth it to not have to do it each morning. I know I could have bought most of this already packaged in single serving sizes. I am just a little too frugal for that. :)
He does something cute, or funny, or if she knows I'm having a rough day - I get a video of my lovely little =)
~Mariella Hunt
First things first. Thanks to Karen for her restaurant suggestion. Homemade hot sauce with roasted .. peppers or tomatoes, or both... was superb. Cheese enchiladas... perfecto. Margarita... excellentay: Sweetly sour, salt around the rim and stout.
5. If You Want a Nation Ruled By Religion, Move to Iran!
I can however feel that as the days are getting longer and the spring is creeping in that the crap back end of last year is dyeing away and I am having more good days then bad days that writing this is my way of accepting that it might be time to attempt to change some of my own internal thinking about myself and get that ‘Spark’ back.
Sprung in completeness where His feet pass.
Whenever I see someone in trouble, I help them if I am able to. We must all do that on a regular basis. This country needs to help one another and bring back caring for each other.
Indeed, without Hadrian, there would be no cultus of Antinous; and, I would suggest, without the Divine Antinous, Hadrian would not have been as good an emperor as he was, nor would he have achieved apotheosis himself.
In fact, precisely the same can be said of politicos when facing the possibility of ejection from power. So we shouldn’t be surprised that Frau Merkel said this yesterday:
This feeling is important because what came before violence was the fervour of arming oneself up, the joy of getting more and more hardware, and the inevitability of violence when groups of men are fully equipped and dying to give it a go. The sheer number of different groups and their conflicting interests and aims may excuse in some part my immense confusion at the time this was all happening. And this is also the reason why Ziadé's account is so accessible, because she, as a child in that same period, was as confused as I was. Living as part of the Christian community, her father a lawyer, her grandfather the owner of a fabric shop in the Muslim area, she goes from living somewhere where two cultures seem to mix to a place divided along simple lines but with several factions fighting their own battles. At one point when she asks her father whether the Palestinians are indeed, as she has been told by her nanny, scum she gets a response which in its attempt at clarity only goes to illustrate the impossibility of that aim
He’s not counting the first class that was largely assembled before his hiring by Tommy Tuberville’s staff. Even with 17 returning starters on offense and defense, Auburn’s youth movement continues.
Or the forever echo of a lover's beckon
Biff: "Ow."
“Basically it’s a pretty huge rewrite of the concealed weapons permit law,” said WWJ Lansing Bureau Chief Tim Skubick.
Flash forward to 2012 and we’ve been happily married for 4 years and are trying to have a baby. I’m thankful he seems oblivious to my character flaws. And he always says he’s thankful I’m nearsighted. (False, he’s beautiful.)
My daughter was commissioned to draw an avatar or two for my friend and Conference Architect, Greg Fuson. For about two weeks, there were doodles and sketches of Greg all around the house. Today I grabbed two of them, scanned them and posted them here for your viewing pleasure.
Turns out this setting was a bit more rigorous for Liam's peers. There were, for example, weekly goal sheets. That would have been cool, I suppose, if the goals had been those of the kids'. But, the goal sheets were filled out by the head teacher ~ yes, our friend. So, the kids were bound to accomplish not their own goals but the teacher's goals. Does anyone see anything funky with this? Now, Liam was starting to feel the heat a little. *His* goals all focused on continuing along the path he had been enjoying all along. That makes sense, right? Our friend, however, did not share his goals. She didn't understand them, didn't want to understand them. And, she couldn't get why this kid was showing no interest in the reading games she wanted him to play. Or, why he wasn't interested in memorizing the scientific names of the shapes of leaves. Don't all kids want to do this? And, when all the kids sat in "circle time" in the morning, she couldn't understand why he didn't find what she had to say as more important than the plans he wanted to make with his friends for that day's adventures. Now, I know there were other kids who were similarly not interested in the approved academic activities, but these kids did not have the support of their moms. They were really on their own and had to do as they were told. I shudder now to think about it.
These cards are vintage in nature, but there was one off my Nebulous 9 list that is not.
Back View of The Unfolding
John has created a Haiku Haven page on his blog. This is a haven for haiku lovers to post their haiku. No competitions here, just a place to rest your haiku – and comment if you wish.
She randomly bought spaghetti squash (so called for its consistency) and used it to make actual spaghetti. Tasted great! Directions were listed on the side of the squash (didn’t write them down, oops!). We used spiral pasta in place of spaghetti pasta this time around.
If you find yourself in a hospital for more than a few hours, make sure you find out if you have been admitted for inpatient care or if you are merely considered an outpatient under what is called "observation care."
Porterhouse Nitro Oyster Stout (probably replaced Dragoons)
To everybody who commented on my last post about my engagement story...
I was really torn about DNF-ing this book because it has SO much potential and I really wanted to love it. I felt invested in the idea of it and I had a real hard time accepting that the reality didn't exactly mesh up with my expectations.
for the colour to return
If you are like me and have been married a while, February 14th is just another day (that may or may not involve a meal out or possibly a homemade card of some sort...). My husband and I, while madly in love with each other, don't need a special "day" to celebrate ourselves. But I suppose it's nice for some people. You know, to get diamonds and all that.
I was curious about where I was though, and from my seat near the pavement, I tried to figure out which direction the river, and therefore my hotel, lay. I pored over my map and realised that it must actually be rather close but having weaved so much through the streets I had completely lost my orientation. So I asked the waiter which direction led to the river. He pointed to my left. I leaned over and peered through the trees on the roadside trying to get my bearings. I almost blushed with embarrassment when I realised that the building just across the road was none other than my hotel! I had taken a wonderful scenic tour of Phnom Penh only to find that what I had been searching for was right under my nose all along!
Since I sent this script way, I’ve written a dozen sketches for NewsJack, dozens of jokes and one-liners, which were all ignored. The standard opinion within the BBC is that I’m not funny. So, I suppose this package shouldn’t come as a surprise. Yet I don’t know how to take more rejection from the BBC, who only seems to exist in order to torment me. I haven’t the heart to open the package and, thankfully, Judy hasn’t asked me about it. It’s her belief that my next project should be in my own name. She doesn’t see the point of my writing and submitting work in the name of my alter-ego, Gus Scrottee.
Morgan and I thoughtfully discussed 2010 and we reflected on our blessed family and the life we share. We also remembered the sadness of Zoey but keep she, Jada and Jordan in a place of total perfection.
I don't wanna come across as to ungrateful or to rude.
The sensational corruption and murder scandal has refused to go away despite Najib and his Umno-BN coalition trying their best to sweep it under the rug. However, once called to the French witness stand, there is nowhere for Najib to hide anymore but to face up to the Malaysian people and Altanutya’s family.
$6.22 for six coasters. Just over $1 a coaster.
Jane Austen died almost 200 years ago according to this book, but her material remains to be some of the most popular to date. So many of us have collections of her works and have indulged in viewing so many of the movies that have been taken from her writings.
Somewhere in the distance
I’ve got a bit more on character development I would like to discuss, this comes from both my reading for Short Fiction Class and my personal experience as a writer and a reader. Characters, the most beloved of all our writing tools, they require a lot of work. They also require a lot of thought.
Schwartz R. Pregnancy in physicians: characteristics and complications. Obstet Gynecol 1985; 66: 673-676. 672-676
Every week to two weeks, there are 2 to 3 days when I find it difficult to get out of bed. Everything looks stupid and pointless. I think about hurting myself, and in passing, killing myself. Sometimes, those 2 or 3 days turn into a week or two of slightly less intense depression. Rarely those weeks turn into months of intense depression, where I struggle to do basic things like eat, shower, go to work, or basically function. On one occasion I’ve had full blown clinical depression with all the dark bits. Most people have no idea because (1.) I hid it. (2.) I don’t take medication. (3.) I don’t talk to shrinks.
I did some more studio work today, so in a few days, I have some more photos of what is finishing up and what is getting started.
But my favourite trips, of them all, was to Scotland.
Donkey Kong 64
“Oh Caesar, we mortals are unworthy to smell your poo!”
...my baby boy is looking less and less like a baby, and more and more like a toddler.
¼ cup bicarb soda
woohoo.. just perfect I say..haha
Turn the dark cloud inside out
More advanced, but more illustrative: "All the King's Men," by Robert Penn Warren, as to how even the best of people can go bad.
Heritage Square Antique Mall is having it's Customer Appreciation Night this Friday, May 4th from 6pm - 10pm! Vendors (including me) will be on-hand to offer discounts on their goods, plus there's CAKE!
However, we cannot repeal what went before, but we can defend what little we now have. Erosion of our Culture, Identity, Freedoms and Securities have continued unabated. The European Union issues rulings across the board whether they are applicable to Britain or not; the latest being the vote for prisoners.
It seems to be good times for beer circuses these days. Not only has the world's first and foremost beer circus, Le Bier Circus in Brussels, just moved into bigger and brighter premises down the road at rue de l'Enseignement no 57. Britain's equivalent seemed really packed when I arrived one wet Friday evening this November.
Since we were the first diners in the restaurant, food was served in an efficient manner. It took us a while to decide what we wanted to order as everything sounded good. In the end, we settled for most of the chefs recommendation (well if the chef thinks it's good, it should be!).
Let’s just say for the next 3 hours, and various locations later, I was a self proclaimed blunder, failing fiercely. Perhaps, I am being a touch dramatic, but if I were a worm, about to give my life, I could only hope it would be a more graceful and meaningful experience. Instead, I am sure they were sending out molecular mayday signals as I bombed them into the trees at every turn. I continuously found myself pulling line and trying to fly fish. I was either into the bush or landing a beauty of a cast of about four feet. I really appreciated Jerry presenting a new fishing opportunity to me, but lets just say from this point forward, worms will live long and prosper in my presence.
Oh, let a few out, let ‘em pass in between us
Gradually blend the flour mixture into the butter mixture until it is well combined.
I can almost hear people rampaging around the sitting rooms of Britain at the thought of this idea; but if you think about it, everyone wins. The UK in particular regains its rightful position in Europe: properly involved without being ruled, and keeping the peace between France and Germany. We enter the currency at what would be (probably) our last strong Sterling level before Armageddon hits London. The Party-splitting Tory power-transfer thing becomes a non-issue. The power of Brussels is decimated. And the City v Paris v Berlin fight becomes largely irrelevant. (In fact, it would reduce our dependence on the Square Mile, which to me is a step forward – albeit painful).
In terms of the wondrous clamor emanating from Mike Allmayer and Scott Mize's collective six-strings, I'd say "clangy" is an operative adjective as well. This tape is largely all I could realistically hope for in the way of mid-80s indie rock. A true artifact. Enjoy, and make sure to check out Today, Today while you're at it, that is if it's still up. If not, it looks like I have my work cut out for me.
Yes, you read that right. If you're still dying to get more bits of Small wisdom, check out what I do when I start to feel the blogging blues. Here's a teaser:
I owe a lot of my decorating ideas to the plethora of design magazines out there. They all feed me a monthly diet of inspiration, which contributes heavily to “my disease”.
Cinco de Mayo, translated into May 5th in English is a holiday held in the United States and some parts of Mexico. It is held in honor of Mexican culture, heritage and pride.In college, Cinco de Mayo is a complete party night.Anyone who know’s me, knows that I will find any excuse to go shopping. So in honor of Cinco de Mayo, I shall shop!
Last week I discovered a message on facebook. By "discovered" I mean that it sat unnoticed in the dreaded "other" section of my messages. But I found it and I read it and I was stunned.
I told the rest of the joint that the bullet hole to my leg was compliments of a bar fight between two wannabe wiseguys. No cops were going to be called.Was I really gonna admit that I was taken by a 98 pound stripper? One named Drama no less? Nope. I'm taking this one to the grave.
3 T creamy peanut butter
I'm off to get a hair cut and then finalize the menu for Easter. I hope you have a wonderful day today!
By ‘it’ I don’t mean “sex with a giant interstellar hippopotomoid” (though from the visual clues, this wouldn’t be too much of an inaccurate assessment); what I’m referring to is an ‘it’ in terms of functional life as a pair of slippers. That, dear friends, is what they’ve had.
I knew a couple of things though, both PMP and Somchem wanted a new Ammonium Perchlorate (APC or AMP) accelerant mix for the solid fuel propellant in SAMS. Atlas needed a contained fissile source for something I had designed for Jorrie and Armscor to take down the Migs in Angola. The Minister and Armscor were not adverse, to ‘strong-arming’ SAA pilots to move weapons and material shipments to get around the arms embargo, by using commercial airlines. To make matters worse, they had ‘bought men’ in the airports to expedite their ‘packages’ and ‘sanitize’ the paperwork.
Walker Evans
An hour.
Umm, do we have to talk about it? Rina’s a lovely woman, very smart and headstrong. She felt I was far beneath her, so she was quite unhappy with her father’s arrangement. She also doesn’t like Welby. It is tiny and she has no friends there, unlike her life in the huge city of Iskimir. She loves our children, especially our daughter Daria, but I think that’s all that keeps her happy. She’s started drinking a bit too much wine lately.
Anti nuclear testing in the Pacific by the French “a picture of me in the dictionary under French fry” and breaking the chains of life in the city, all of which is just another day in the life of a New Zealander
“Bersih lost with all newsreports on the rioting and BN lost because of the police brutality,” he said.
5. All reading is good reading. Comics and annuals- including those based on popular TV programmes and sport- were devoured in my classroom by children often reluctant to read books. The forthcoming Phoenix looks very exciting, and Bayard's comics that Zoe blogged about on Playing By The Book. There are some fantastic graphic novels for children too, like the Baker Street Irregulars by Tony Lee and Dan Boultwood, for 10-12 year olds. Since comics and graphic novels don't feel or look like graded readers from school, it removes one of the barriers for children reluctant to read.
“I’m still not convinced she was kidnapped. I don’t want to find out too late that you’re inventing all this for either the publicity or to get even with her. So I’m going to say it again. It’s obvious you and Elizabeth aren’t well suited for each other, and she’s a little too young for you anyway. Why not just find another rich woman to marry? You’d be better off with an older, wealthy widow anyway. Some of the unfavorable newspaper commentary you’ve gotten has been due to the difference in your ages.”
Anaru: Oh! Not that name!
At night, William and Jane lay away thinking - Jane, about how they'll be giving up a life of politics, and William, about how he confesses he never got involved in politics like she did, and was never willing to join TWO. But despite Jane's nostalgia for the country she's about to leave, she laughs and assures William she would never return to American without him. "You really love me, don't you?" he asks. She replies, "Yes, I really do."
Well, except for when Neil Hamilton’s Commissioner Gordon is on-screen because that dude is flat-out fantastic.
Breast Cancer Resource Centers of Texas
“She will. She’s learning already. I love you.”
So learn a music like what i have blogged about! Its fun and chances are you get to know yourself better! Ukelele is not easy but the tune never fail to touch my heart. I am not good at singing i am not good at the playing either but nevertheless i hope this song will give you the motivation that it did for me, that you are capable to do anything when you put your heart in it! A more confident person definitely!
Do me one favor and link back to my page with either my button or text link.
1/17/2012: I got the third spanking today....it was a scorcher!!! I have posted a picture of the two instruments she has used to spank my ass so far. She used the "Holy Terror" on my ass, and thighs, tonight while I screamed into a pillow. The two things I learned tonight were...One: I do not need restraints as no matter how hard she spanked me I did not try to interfere.......Two: I will probably never cry, even though I want to. I want to cry with all of my heart, but I was nowhere close to tears. I have also posted a picture of the most gorgeous woman on the planet: my wife!!! With her face blacked out, of course.
﻿Seriously, so cute. And how fun would it be to fill a cart at Michael's with bags of big ol' pompoms? Answer - wicked fun. :D
She is super excited about the Kid Rock concert that she and her fiance are attending in a few weeks. All the better reason to create a funky and fun outfit for her to show off in attendance!
That is so much easier than
University of America. She was nominated by Jesuit-trained Bill
A string of incidents earned Le Fida a bad reputation. The particulars behind each incident are the stuff of urban legend, and it is nearly impossible to parse out the apocryphal from the true, but in the end, it probably does not matter if there really was a knife fight between prostitutes or a gunfight over an unpaid soccer bet. What is absolutely true is that in the mid to late 2000s, Le Fida stopped hosting live music on account of violent confrontations.
show happening below.
And finally.
Everyone is stuck between a rock and a hard place. The Kelownans either get weapons from SGC or they use the aquaria bomb. The SG-1 team needs aquaria for its own defensive purposes, but cannot be a party to handing off weapons likely to be used offensively. The heart of the episode’s conflict belongs to Jonas and his relationship with his former professor, colleague, and mentor, Dr. Keiran. Keiran is stock well’s character. Keiran claims to be part of a resistance movement that nearly has the capacity to overthrow the current government in order to install one un-inclined to wage war. He needs time and some assistance from SGC. Jonas wants to believe in him, but as already noted, Kieran is suffering from mental illness due to long exposure to aquaria radiation. The resistance is only a figment of his deranged imagination.
If she says,
Here is my latest card, that I really enjoyed putting together, having seen a video clip here by Sandi MacIver on how to make a beautiful butterfly from the new Mixed Bunch Stamp Set...am definitely going to play with this stamp set some more over the next week or so!
I found this image on a coloring page on the internet for those who would like to make a project in remeberance or to have your children color a page to remember our Vets!
“To a degree, literary taste is a subjective matter. One can admire a work of fiction without particularly enjoying it; one can dislike a novel even while appreciating its value. In the case of Erin Morgenstern’s first novel, The Night Circus, I might well have been the wrong reviewer. As a reader, I am resistant to historical fiction. I am hostile to whimsy, and beyond impatient with the fantastical.”
2 Peter 3:4 is a quotation by false teachers, and the idea of everything continuing “since the beginning” also indicates that the “fathers” is a reference to “ancestors”. Beyond this contextual clue, the concept of “fathers” in the New Testament consistently refers to Old Testament Fathers, not the immediately preceding generation.[81]
a. Also provides proof that property taxes are paid
Possibly meeting some lovely NYC peeps for cocktails - fancy a cocktail?
An old design i had planned for MOGC. This template allows full stretch of the orange header part to fit any browser size, hint the “stretch”. There is only one region on this template you can edit after you add your links in, it is designed this way so that it allows lower skilled people to use and make this template work easier.
Last week my doctor brought up the idea of being induced next week if I don't go into labor on my own this week/weekend. Ick. I'm not an advocate of social inductions and yet my brain is going, "Right ON!!! Let's do this thang!" My Braxton Hicks are more consistent and stronger, but nothing serious. I'm hoping that means the real deal is right around the corner. Tomorrow is the day I picked on our poll, so I'm crossing my fingers that tonight brings me a little luck. Also, if he came at the same time Chamberoo did, tonight would be the night for my water to break. Not that I've thought about it, really. I say to pineapple, beer, walking and full moons- You are a load. Nothing naturally induces labor. Lies.
Ever?
Our instinct kicks in
03 Wonderlust King
I was flipping through the Times the other day, and imagine my surprise when I found you were recently gossiping about me on the front page of the science section!
It’s no mystery why Flint, Michigan is often listed as second most violent city in America, after Detroit. Like Detroit, Flint has for over a generation been under the rule of crime, aka diversity.
What is the one song Mike likes but will never admit?
3. Freaking out about little things. During my run yesterday, I was way more conscious of puddles (it was raining a bit) and uneven sidewalk (which is fairly ubiquitous in this city). Every misstep OMG DON’T SPRAIN YOUR ANKLE BEFORE THE RACE. Every car that honked at me (while I was crossing INSIDE THE LINES and WITH THE LIGHT) OMG DON’T HIT ME BEFORE THE RACE (or, you know, ever). Every slightly achy muscle or tendon. OMG I BETTER NOT BE INJURED BEFORE THE RACE.
* Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper
your heavenly Father will also forgive you;
place the lemon slices on the fish
In 2007, our first daughter was born in Albany Hospital, as I was not brave enough to attempt to birth her in Malawi. I stayed with my parents before and after the birth and had several trips into Albany including, of course, a stay in the hospital when she was born. All the memories are good and I’ve found a place can only grow in fondness when you’ve birthed a child there.
2. Identify yourself when they arrive and state:
That was Saturday. Obviously, Halloween is the 31st, which this year was a Monday. And that’s when all the kids dress up and go Trick or Treating. There are a few rules: the more decked out your front garden is, the more kids will come to your door. If your house is known for having the good shit (candy) or going all out à la Modern Family, heaps of kids will come to your door. But irrespective of whether you have decorated or not, if your porch light is on, it means you are home and you have candy to give out. And kids will come to your door. Unless you’re a paedophile. Sorry, a registered paedophile. (If you are a paedophile, you have to be registered. Meaning they know where you live, who you are, and should you move you have to notify the authorities.) If you’re a paedophile you may not join in the Halloween festivities (luring kids to your door and offering them candy is understandably a no-no) so you have to have your porch lights very OFF, and police do check-ups to ensure that this is the case. I shit you not. Yet another reason I can’t see this working in SA: kids and their parents walking around at night in costumes, knocking on stranger’s doors, people opening front doors to strangers…it would just be a safety nightmare! Sad, but true…
1/2 cup onion, chopped
Further info on 586 Sports and Callum Black can be found at www.586group.com and www.CallumBlack.com respectively, as well as event results being available at www.BTRDARALLY.com.
Back to the bread bag tags.
But at least her real parents have real eyes! Other-mother and Other-father have buttons sewn in where they should have theirs. And Other-mother, who is rapidly revealed as the mastermind behind Coraline's Other-home, says she can perform the same little adjustment for Coraline as a condition of her staying in the preferable flat for ever.
Rogue Ales Newport Rogue Imperial Porter Imperial Porter Buzz beer
"Uh" long pause "did you forget to wash your make up off last night?" another pause "You look like you got punched in the face and have 2 black eyes." This is my birthday greeting from my oh so wonderful husband.
This is what came to mind to say. Staying calm I just told him that I know him. I could hear the way he was speaking and that I didn't believe he honestly believed what he was saying. I told him that in most (but certainly not all) instances that I have read about it's the women who bring this to the men. The women that I have read about certainly do not sound as if they are being abused. They don't sound as if they are looking for a way out. They don't write of their husbands as being brutes. And I have read many times that the men do struggle with this in the beginning. That learning dd is a process and many comments encourage us to take things slow and give ourselves time.
If you've commented on my last couple of blogs and haven't gotten a personal response from me, it's not because I haven't wanted to reply or because I don't care. It's because I haven't had a chance to! So since I have a long trip ahead of me, I'm going to take the opportunity to send out some long overdue emails. Promise!
I don't believe in half-formed children, and I don't believe in lost causes. There's no such thing. There are only people—learning, thinking, evolving people—for whom every year is a formative year.
I stumble on a comment made by a fitness specialist on the net who listed bread as a no no for weight loss (well he also said milk is a no no because humans are the only species that drink other mammals milk intended for its young).
What a great little handheld! The 3D effect is really neat, although I find myself not using it that much because it can be a little hard on the eyes. Plus, you have to look at the screen at the perfect angle to see it properly. This is troublesome when you need to use the gyrometer. The greatest thing about Nintendo's latest portable is the circle pad. The value of this is instantly proven when playing Zelda, and Super Mario 3D Land. It's no longer awkward to move about in three dimensional space. You can fine-tune your movements which provides sharp control, making games more fun and less frustrating.
I knew you were waiting for this last one...the beverage. We make these all the time in the summer, the perfect refreshing afternoon cocktail...the beergarita. Here is a recipe from Eat Yourself Skinny that is a little more involved than my recipe, but worth a try.
the way she does.
How about you? Do you like one side more than the other? Do you wish one side would function in a different way for you? Why do you feel that way? Can you see how the left brain and the right brian work together to make your writing what it is? Can you see the contributions from both sides?
OF COURSE he is still lame. Magic fairies don't exist, PO. Try and get that through your thick skull.
Who is your favorite singer or band?
Now the set, scenes, everything was so amazing. I could totally see it, almost like how I pictured it. Well…maybe not the make-up. Because let me tell you, in the books they describe some of it and they talk about how outrageous…well yeah WOW the Capitol was just crazy. I would look and think, I bet that hurts. Or, how do they open their eyes with those huge eyelashes haha. Great stuff. District 12 was gritty and dirty, the woods a perfect little escape. The entrance on the chariots, the fire was awesome and I was really curious how they were going to pull that off like in the book. And her red dress was just as gorgeous.
Oyler is leading by example, earning his beer server certification. He continues to study for the Certified Cicerone exam.
In paragraphs 2-5, your MP and his/her staff need to be able to identify a) that you are a constituent, b) that the issue you are raising is one that they might be able to have an influence on, c) that the issue is one that is having an impact on or is one that reasonably concerns you & those close to you, and d) that the questions that you are asking are reasonable ones that will produce constructive answers. If they can get through those in a matter of minutes, a covering letter can be drafted by your MP’s admin staff, signed by your MP and whisked off to the department responsible very quickly.
4. While chicken cooks, heat a medium pan over medium heat. Heat up 1 tbsp olive oil, then add the garlic, red pepper flakes, chopped onion, oregano, salt and pepper. Cook 7-8 minutes, stirring often, until onion has softened. Add the tomatoes and heat through, about 2 minutes. Remove pan from heat and stir in 1/2 cup chopped basil. Taste the sauce and season how you like.
studying in London puts you under pressure to look the part - however i've realized i' m a student .. and it's time i started acting like one .. charity shops here i come!!
Probably TMI but when I first moved here I booked a bikini wax on the phone. She said "échantrée?" I thought she said enchantée so I was like OUI (thinking wow these beauty spa people are so nice in France) then walked out BALD ...
The Season of Sin is the second installment in my new series and here is what the book is about:
They are hiring for a photographer and photo editor at a baby and mom business called Zulily - which I just love, based in Seattle. So, today I quit my job and hopped on a plane and flew to Seattle. Zulily hired me on the spot at twice the salary I was making before. I found a wonderful little apartment facing the bay, just a block from Pikes public market where I can go every day to buy an armload of fresh flowers, Starbucks coffee from the original Starbucks while seeing the street musicians outside and enjoy lunch at that little Irish pub that's tucked in the alley or that cozy seafood restaurant hidden in the market that looks over the water. I can visit all the fun shops in the area and zip around on the train, go to practice for Wyld Stallyns, play outdoor chess and stand atop the highest needle in the world.
Do you think we have any idea what we're asking for when we pray for patience?
There is, I suppose, I could allow the world to trample me under foot, I could settle for people who mistreat me or a job that is below my capabilities. I could step aside from my life and allow someone less qualified to fill my shoes.
before sadly walking away.
This Saturday in Tallahassee, FL is a local Buddy Walk for Down syndrome awareness. Our small rag-tag group of Association members are making our way down for the event. This will be our families' first walk. I'm excited to say the least. I have spent weeks recruiting walkers and supporters for our group.
In order to show you the two perspectives and how different they are I am using the above Necker cube as a simple example. Most of mankind’s thinking and therefore the reality of this controlled 3D worldthat we see is seen from the perspective of inside the Necker cube..from the view point of the red circle with blue squares in front and the yellow square at the rear..this is the reality of the world as we think it is…now try this..with a simple flip of the mind bring the red square to the top of the cube so that you can see outside the box..seeing still both blue sides. but this time 3 yellow sides as well..this trains the mind to see beyond 3D..as you are seeing the complete picture , and beyond..instead of just a tiny fragment of reality that is fed to you
I visited Nagpur in April to see my mother and father and to take them for a trip to Tirupati Balaji. The trip was small and I got limited time to spend with my family due to the busy work schedule at office. I was told that I could take a leave from December 10 until Jan first week, if I be regular until then.
Vogt and Butler used ground-based telescopes to track the star's precise movements over 11 years and watch for wobbles that indicate planets are circling it. The newly discovered planet is actually the sixth found circling Gliese 581. Two looked promising for habitability for a while, another turned out to be too hot and the fifth is likely too cold. This sixth one bracketed right in the sweet spot in between, Vogt said.
"Haven't you got two sets already?"
Today, none of his classmates were in attendance and Little Man was pretty upset about it. I proceeded to hop around by myself with a sullen faced son looking on, complaining and saying he wanted to go home. My initial reaction would have been to storm out of there, child in town, stewing and slightly angered. I stayed calm long enough to assess that a little distraction, some joking around and a huge smile could be enough turn him around. Ten minutes later and victory. He even asked me to leave once the parent part was over. I obliged, grabbed some fruit and spied from above.
My big bro came up this weekend with my sis-in-law and niece and we had a great time. It's easy to feel isolated when you move away from what you know and I've been here for 11 years now and it still feels alien to me. I don't drive which doesn't help so I rarely venture outside of the town unless I'm forced too through work or taking my daughter to London for exhibitions at the BM.
Keep in mind, you can't believe everything Urban Dictionary says, especially when it comes to my name, but this all sounds about right.
The government of South Korea has stated: “Following the new partnership policy of NATO approved in the NATO Ministerial meeting in Berlin, Germany in April 2011, the Republic of Korea is committed to further developing its partnership with NATO and to deepening practical cooperation with the trans-Atlantic defense organization.”
My bad dream became a reality in 1982. My husband and I stood beside our son’s isolette in the neonatal intensive care unit. An IV needle pierced Allen’s tiny arm, and angry red scars crisscrossed his chest. One end of his feeding tube hung on a pole beside his IV bag. The other end rose from the soft skin of his tummy. Pain etched his wide forehead and tugged at the corners of his perfect rosebud mouth.
Having a job doing something you love is a delight and a privilege, even if it is almost scary (just in case someone decides that you are actually a fraud and stops letting you do it any more!). To discover that a book I have written has encouraged someone to start reading is wonderful. To hear that someone has enjoyed reading my books or is encouraged to start writing themselves because of something I have said or written, lights up my day.
If you don't want to be a number, don't give them your name
5 stars!
Is it shorts weather where you live yet?
A Washington D.C source familiar with the documents told the paper bin Laden appeared to have been in direct or indirect communication with Boko Haram as well as many other militant outfits.
What are your fears? Please share!
Ed Roland, Steve Stevens, Billy Duffy, Duff McKeagan
iv) they cant stand garlic.. you kidding me??
Yes, in the traditionally understood sense of flowers & such, not in the “I hope to be loved” sense. She’s already loved. But she wants to be physically shown outside of the bedroom. She wants to be given the little things in life that make someone smile.
This coprophilic slitherer posted a "comment" that was just a heap of links. No, I did not follow or examine any of them. I just deleted them, as I will with all others of the spamfilth ilk.
Not knowing my life is on the line
And then last night, as I lay in bed quite saddened by the fact the numbing agent had given up the ghost, I couldn't help but think that the 13 stitches I had on both the inside and outside of my hand where quite lucky.
Romaine or butter lettuce leaves (6 whole leaves)
For this warp, the baptize affiliated needs to be as low as it can get. Airing about the abject of the affiliated until you acquisition the brick anatomy that is fabricated of several steps. Angle at the abject of the structure, in the bend amid the accomplished and everyman steps. The bold will bastardize you to the top of the anatomy that holds the admission to the cannon. You can aswell bastardize from the cannon to the added structure.
I try and have lots of people hold him whenever we go anywhere and he does great. He just loves to be snuggled and is an equal opportunity snuggler. I hope that continues. When does that usually stop? How do I avoid that changing?
Color Green
Of the many filmmakers who made their debut in this niche, Ti West was and is by far the most impressive. Unlike so many others he has insights and a command of the genre and era beyond, “Gee it was pretty sweet.” And unlike so many others, mimicking the past actually was the fact that unlocked West’s voice.
7 - Leo Soilteau's Rhythm Boys - La Bonne Valse - 2:32
Those that drenched the flesh;
Ok, so it's official. I need to make one of these skirts pronto. I just love them. I've seen a few tutorials around. They're probably all pinned to my Women's Sewing Projects board. I love the purple in Lindsay's. So cute and flattering!
“Deprived of any moral restraint, they fund their covert activities by dominating the world of illegal arms dealing, narcotics trafficking, and prostitution. Their activities are intertwined with those of the world’s leading intelligence services, including the CIA, Mossad, and Britain’s M16, as well as international crime syndicates, like the Mafia and the Asian Triads, and the Yakuza of Japan.”
3 punched items(border,shapes,corner)
1. It's not set in the formal dining room. In fact, it's in the sunroom, a space intended for casual relaxation.
artaculous.com covers all kinds of art and especially the following categories:
“To the stranger who thanked me for standing up and speaking out, you are most welcomed. I had to, you see, because it is not about me, it’s about Singaporeans.”
The other point to bear in mind regarding early publishers being elitist and part of an aristocracy is that illiteracy was still commonplace for ordinary working people and the modern education system was really only in its infancy. So while I agree with Ogorek – the real change is not so much the advancement in print and media technology – but that the democratization he speaks about in his article has occurred in society. The common man and woman have grown up and they are often well educated, highly literate and independent minded.
Last Friday I had an amazing conversation with a coworker of mine. It was truly a God moment.
One of the greatest jazz musicians of all time, Joe Bushkin died in 2004, just days before his 88th birthday.
Campaigns are important. They allow the potential candidates to tell the common folks what they're up to, even if these common folks don't believe the majority of what's said. So, the campaign rules need to be strict and no exceptions allowed:
2. The new album has a nice ‘live’ sound to it – how was it recorded?
Another fine brew from my favorite brewery. The April, May, June seasonal from Great Lakes Brewing Co. Extra Special Bitter name comes from the English meaning -- pale or translucent, as it is not all that bitter and hoppy. The name comes from the first ever rock-n-roll concert in 1952, which was held in Cleveland and was called the Moondog Coronation Ball.
Mike Stud- A standout artist as it seems his musical style makes him most likely to go big on the back of a hit song soon with his music and own take on I Love College, College Humour a standout track he is a proper frat rapper. However much of the album is class so download it now.
“Hi,” said the guys approaching us confidently.
So, have at it and HAPPY BAKING!
Tyra Banks’ announced this morning that the America’s Next Top Models original judges have been axed from her show after 18 seasons. The news comes as a shock to fans as Miss J, Nigel Barker and Mr. Jay are so beloved and have remained constant on the panel even as others have come and gone. Janice Dickinson was replaced by Twiggy after a few seasons who was also replaced eventually by Vogue Magazine’s Editor-at-large, Andre Leon Talley.
3. You’d want someone with a good record as an executive, someone who has successfully run orgs or even a continental area. If they had International Management experience, all the better. And you’d want to check their actual statistics, not listen to the brags. Executive training on the OEC, FEBC and DSEC would be vital.
on the corner of 77th and Madison Avenue ...
- Marcelle Hydra-C skin care, foundation: 20% off
So, even if Cavern of Souls turns out to be the bringer of doom for countermagic in Standard, which I highly, highly doubt, it’s a good thing when everything comes around. The resulting format might turn out to be worse than the one we previously had, but that is okay. Since there are constantly new sets coming out and rotations every year, Standard has the beautiful ability to “heal” itself in that way. The important part is that we as players constantly get new challenges in terms of cards, decks and meta games.
Although they have a shiteload of beers on the menu, I wanted to keep it local baby. I figure that the local beers will give more of a flavor of the drinking community of that locale.
The hours of sleep, and what I’ve done instead
I sell shabby vintage flea market goodies on ebay, with my latest interest involving linen and lace....I love the tactile aspect of vintage textiles & enjoy repurposing my finds & sharing them with my readers on my blog, The Pink Poodle.
Whether this confrontation on the part of the model and her supporter was justified was hotly debated. Some were infuriated and saw it as disrespectful and unnecessarily provocative. Others saw it as just desserts or as another circus act to be expected in the Village. At the end, the painted man reconciled with one of the visiting group and shook hands (photo lower right). Perhaps after all, The road to Hell is paved with good intentions :)
Geunes commented: "The Rodenbach Caractère Rouge has a subtle
But to come back to the question of entrepreneurship discourse, the point the authors are trying to make, is not simply that entrepreneurship discourse does not exist, but that research which has attempted to identify the entrepreneur has in fact simply explored the ‘absent centre’, the ‘lack’, that the underlining failure of entrepreneurship discourse reveals something more profound. In unmasking, the authors seek to suggest that it is the undefinable nature of the entrepreneur, ‘the entrepreneur as an empty signifier’ which is the entrepreneur.
I was amazed again when I had a bottle over the weekend. It is fantastically lively. The instructions on the bottle say "pour unhurredly," but unless you've got a large glass, you can't pour slowly enough to stop the massive head from rushing to the rim. You pour in increments, steadily building the pure white froth up like a vanilla cone. The beer is pilsner pale (made in fact with pilsner malt) and roils with bubbles. Still, it's not at all viscous, evidence of ample added sugar that gives the Devil it's juice.
Musa added that the board was looking at making changes to the management structure of the group to ensure that better corporate governance was adhered to.
Every believer has a Promised Land in their lives. It is the place where you receive all God intended for you to receive. However, many of us are still living in Egypt where we sweat and toil in response to the taskmaster of production dictated by our workplaces and our lifestyles of busyness.
The word ‘blessing’ comes from the same Greek word from which we get another English word – eulogy. When you give a eulogy at a funeral you say good things about the person who has died. You celebrate their life. Eulogy literally means ‘good word’.
because i don’t understand
The film as a period piece was executed very well indeed, with the sets and costumes being top-notch and very believable. The make-up for Glenn Close was simply marvelous and although at first I knew she was really a woman and wondered why no one could see that, the further I got in the story the lines between reality and the character portrayal faded and I just kept my eyes on the amazing acting and overall story. There are so many times that a movie can just blow you away by a certain aspect such as costumes or special effects that you really lose your focus from the most important thing, which is of course the story at hand.
Cathy Partington
Hi guys! I am back in Boston for a vacation this week, but quickly wanted to announce the winner of the Shopbop $100 gift card. With-out further ado, it is Anash.
I’ve been a sh!tty blog friend the last few months. I promise to comment more on your blogs – to show you the love and support that I feel for you and your journeys.
The displacement of religion by secular ideologies in the 18th century left all three of these basic political viewpoints in place, but levered them neatly off their theological foundations, leaving their adherents floundering for new justifications. The standard response at the time, and ever since, was to force history to play theology’s role, by mapping theological ideas of good and evil onto the complexities of the past. Whenever a political question comes up for debate, accordingly, it’s a safe bet to assume that all sides will immediately drag in canned historical narratives that have been stretched and lopped to fit whatever simplistic moral dualism their ideology requires, so that they can tar their opponents by associating them with history’s villains (to the contemporary American right, socialists; to the contemporary American left, fascists) and wrap themselves in the mantle of history’s good guys.
Airborne training.
Overall = 3.9
http://www.davidicke.com/articles/media-and-appearances/36011-david-icke-on-satanic-ritual I differ in perspective with some of what David Icke talks about but, based on my own experience, research and insight, he is right on the money with this video. It only runs about 11 minutes but is extremely informative with a viewpoint that some will find enormously uncomfortable.
it's wonderful and amazing and sunshine and unicorns.
But I live in Ohio. I was born here. And I will always love the country to some degree. And old-fashioned hospitality. And cooking from scratch. And milkglass.
My dad took the photos up in the hills, and we tried to contrast the shape of the dress with stright things (such as the road and horizon) as well as the twisted elements of nature.
Celgene Corporation Announces Appointment of Thomas M. Moriarty as General Counsel
To pretend its all better, to wish me away.
It's a mix of moisturizing creme and foundation. It should moisturize your skin, protect it from UV rays, make your skin appear more radiant and uniform and cover light imperfections. Sounds great, huh?
Santorum: that robot has no
Ignore the ignorant fools who are still in denial, because the time you're wasting arguing with them is time you could have spent on proactive planning for the reality that we are faced with.
Overall a breezy read. I am planning to read more of Ian Fleming in coming months.
So what are you waiting for? Come on and get inky and craftin' with us! And remember this stamp is on sale for 30% off HERE at Magnolia-licious!!
By Eloisa James
No, this is not a list of discount hotel chains. As you may already know, I now take up weekly residence over at the great film site Anomalous Material. The fine folks over there have given me a regular weekly gig as feature writer. It is a series of top ten lists on various cinematic subjects (and anyone who knows me can attest to how perfectly suited I am to such an endeavor - yes I am a list nerd). This week's feature piece (my eleventh such piece) is on the most classic of film genres - the western. With a history nearly as long as film itself, the western has garnered some pretty spectacular pictures lo these 100+ years. I had a tough time just naming ten (as the quite lengthy runners-up list will attest to) but somehow I did it. Go check it out and see for yourself.
Next you're passing a hacienda, in which flamenco dancers whirl to the sound of a gypsy guitar.
Type: science fiction
I did watch parts of this episode in English to compare to the Japanese. I will admit that I find Beck’s English VA better suited to the comedic material, although I still stand by earlier assertions that R. Dorothy’s and Dastun’s Japanese VA’s are leagues ahead of their English-language counterparts.
For security in the rough.
However, to ensure continued demand and confidence in the market, investor protection is also vital to drum in the message of a high standard of care.
The hummingbird is cut at 3in from AN pg 66 and layered. Most of the images on AN can have more than 4 layers. The eye piece was way too small so I used a tiny pearl instead. I also used CTMH Liquid Glass to add a bit more texture. I inked all the edges with TH distressing Inks of various colors. Then the hummingbird cut was then popped up.
"Catholics are entitled to believe that same-sex marriages are wrong, but they are not entitled to demand that their rejection of gay marriages should be imposed on the rest of society and enforced by law," Tatchell said.
5. I won't get more than 4 hours of sleep a night. I'll make sure I stay up too late every night.
My pregnancy “glow” means that I have a red face at all times, and I had opted to go makeup free whilst in my bra-less state.
But this worker started to become more interested in organics when he saw that he did not have to put on as much protective clothing as the workers on the conventional farms, and he had seen many on the conventional farms get sick from the agricultural chemicals they were using. When speaking about organics, he kept using the word "limpio," which means “clean” in English.
03 Tuttle & Dynamo Laboratory-Grasshopper
... At last, a range that allows you to create a harmonious makeup.
Unlike most of Marin County, Novato is an area where foreclosures are increasing and prices are on a downward spiral. Did Countrywide consider that the property’s value might be falling by $10,000 or more every month?
My time during the day has been spent with me writing in my notebook. One idea..scratch..another...scratch. The decision is finally made that I am just going to wing it. Life will show me what posts need to be made and so, I'm going to trust in that. :)
526- White blanket covering the streets
I remained at this theatre for about fifteen months, but decided that the changing ways of theatres was not for me. So in April 1968 I moved into the film studios, at MGM Studios, Elstree in Borehamwood, Herts.
We have sleeper cells in every nation on the planet
Which brings me to skateboarding. Since I’m going to be in Ohio all summer with my best friend, we want to learn to skateboard. I know it sounds lightly lame, but I’m so stoked! Learning is going to be a drag though, but I honestly can’t wait to get all scraped and bruised and fall on my butt.
And thousands more rules are being proposed each year.
I confess that a friend of mine, Kevin Atkins, put the idea of this version into my head. It was his discussion of a shrimp-on-toast dish that moved me in this direction, using the shrimp to boost up the Hot Brown, and the Hot Brown to add substance to the shrimp. I took care to use only the best ingredients for the dish, these adding a depth and richness to something that can sometimes be a little bland.
c) dignity
She knew this triumph would not bring Longtail back. Her mate was gone, cut down by the hateful man and his monster-mount, a creature hot and hard and deadly. The elders of her tribe had counseled her to do nothing lest she be lost as well. But Windracer had seen too much death come from these men and their unnatural beasts. It was time for action.
Tyrone church to stage ‘miracle’ exhibition Balmoral farm show ‘faces a slow death’ unless it relocates Ahern evidence about money ‘untrue’ Parades Commission wants to hear from community on parades Has aviator solved the mystery of the night sky noises? McAllister family gets another year Anger as memorial to slain soldier is defaced Derry football match sparks sectarian riot
One series of books, while they existed, quickly became Amari's favorites. I believe they were left-overs from a summer reading program Carrie taught during grad school. Each book is titled, "When I'm feeling ________" and include descriptions of feeling mad, sad, loved, happy and kind. I especially liked the last one, because it sounded so sweet and unique when Amari would quiz me. After going through a few of the other feelings she would ask me, "Dada are you feeling kind?" And usually, by the time she got to that question, I was. If, however, I were ever feeling sad, she would immediately stop the questioning, wrap her arms around my neck, kiss my cheek, and say, "I make your sad feel better."
I got into quite a drawing roll this time around and am really happy with what I have to share with you today. These are my new digital images. Just click on any that you are interested in and it will take you right to their listing in the Whimsy store:
Last month I was able to reveal Emmy's room. I worked on Sawyer's room at the same time, but was held up by vinyls I ordered from etsy. More on that in a bit. :) Anyhow, here is what I was working with.... (pictures from moving week)
Then forward, past a sign warning ‘Danger: Swamp’, between dense birch and alder woodland. Despite the duckboards that have been laid in places, the water and mud are up to my ankles, the rain has returned, but I’m enjoying this magical place too much to care. The Wey South Path is a wide but boggy track at this point and on the map is dead straight, but I zig-zag from side to side, trying vainly to find firmer, less slippery ground. Heading directly south, the Arun closes in on my left, feigning a kiss before disappearing westwards once more. Back on firmer ground, passing through Amberley Swamp (how many places in Britain can claim the official title of ‘Swamp’?), the track I’m on is like walking on ice: wet, off-white, chalky clay; impossible to get a grip. Is this what potters call ‘slip’? I can see why.
Racked: 02-02-2009
4/24: “Post-Racial” Whiteness; Screening: Minority Report (2002); Reading: Nakamura, “The Social Optics of Race” (CV 1042-1056)
The first “home show” was a great success - Andy says there will be more and he hopes the idea catches on with Cairns music lovers.
Absolutely the greatest thing about beer blogging is nice people sending you an email and wanting to send you some free beer. It’s great. It’s the single greatest thing bar none. Well, apart from the beer arriving. That's even better. Free beer is more than just a free bottle of grog. It informs you the world is a wonderful place of wonderful people. You cannot maintain a cynical or pessimistic view of the world whilst there are nice people from nice breweries wanting to give you some free grog.
(TT: 02:35:49)
Elections are now open as mentioned and we have more opportunities than ever to get involved with your Rocky Mountain chapter of NAFA. Chair, Vice Chair, Treasurer, and Secretary all are accepting nominations. If one of these does not sound like your cup of tea we also have committees you can serve on. Bill Jefferies(Hincklease Inc.) has recently been appointed as the Membership Chair as some of you will be hearing form him in the coming months. We realize how important our membership is to the success of our chapter and we have planed server initiatives to start to reach out more to survey your needs. Mark Petersen( Hourglass Management) is serving as our Affiliates Chair and has recently been appointed as the new position of Communications Chair. He is a high energy guy and a lot of fun to work with. Randy Shadley(Corporate Claims Management) has been involved for many years in every aspect of NAFA local and national. He is currently serving as our chapter Secretary and has recently be appointed to the new created chair position of Safety Committee. All of these committees can use your help. If you are interested please just ask for more information and when you get involved we realize everyone has their time limitations we can work with them. Linda George (CH2M Hill) who is our current chapter Treasurer has assumed the Chair of our Reception Committee, which has been chaired for many years by Mark Petersen.
it was fun to ignore this fence when you were the one not getting hurt, but now
Thomas was expected. But the next day, a girl is sent up the first girl to ever arrive in the Glade. And more surprising yet is the message she delivers. Thomas might be more important than he could ever guess. If only he could unlock the dark secrets buried within his mind.
Ouch. Sniff.
When you want to buy gems and jewellery, it is highly recommended that you should go to an authorized store. There is a government regulated store called Myanmar VES at shopping malls and airport, please buy your gems there. They have reasonable price with top-grade quality gems. I don’t want you to get fibbed, cheated, ripped-off or anything bad by some evil beings. And you get a certificate when you buy your gems there, so you won’t be held up at the customs when you leave Burma after your vacation. See? How convenient.
Well, then!
A 100 watt incandescent produces about 17 lumens per watt. It’s like the traditional first car – something old, cheap and typically dies after a few years. Compact fluorescents produce over 60 lumens per watt and last up to 10 times longer than incandescents, making them more like the Hondas of lighting: more expensive up front, but with higher mileage and meant to last with the proper use. LEDs (light emitting diodes) produce a whopping 75 lumens per watt and can last up to 70 times longer than an incandescent, but they’re more like a concept car right now: pretty on paper, but with some significant real world issues and ridiculously expensive to boot.
( A plant is only as good as the nursery you bought it from)... be it from a nursery you bought it from directly or from mass market stores like Walmart, Lowes and HomeDepot.....Some of them I read, are ill and infested with pest upon their arrival to the store.
To continue my month on love and dating…. as luck would have it one of my very good friends got married yesterday. As most of you know about me, I am always all up in the mix when it comes to all things Chinese. So, I happily agreed when my friend asked me to not only come to the wedding but to be in the wedding. I was very excited to be a part of a traditional Chinese wedding. Since, my wedding was very non-traditional.
“The sooner is the better.”
But after Allard invested some US$35 million into restoring the Graeme Hall wetlands (and making it attractive), the government and their friends decided that there was money to be made by selling off the public wetlands buffer for development. Of course, the government would sell off the public lands to “friends” (like CLICO).
June 25 - Margaret Tyzack, actress (Miss Seymour in "The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles"), 79
Now as you breathe-in, envision Ruby, Shaun and Summer
North America:
to Towyn in Merionethshire, mid-Wales.
So I am running out of time for the weeks SFYTT- April. I’ve had this images colored for a few weeks now and just haven’t had the time to put it together til today!!! YEAH!!!
How to control the trigger?
My goal is to try to share them with anyone who will listen just in case they might help someone. What makes them pop out? Usually something happening around me sparks their utterance. I have loved how others join in and share with folks how it has rang true in their lives as well.
Although I'm not the biggest classical music fan, there's something altogether entrancing about the sound of the piano. Though perhaps it's just me.
Before I met my husband I had a lot of dating disasters. No, really... I did. In fact, I had reached the point of acceptance that I would be the wacky school teacher on the block, who drove the beater car, and instead of a house full of cats I would have dogs. Then I met my husband. We spoke on the phone a few times before actually setting up a date. The conversations had been really good so the first date seemed promising. It turned out to be awkward. Where the conversation was easy and flowed over the phone, it was strained on the date. Later I found out he was so nervous, he didn't know what to say.
and I decided to join her...
For the filling,on a lower heat stir the chocolate and 100gr of the mascarpone until melted.Remove from the heat,add the remaining mascarpone and the cream.Spread in the tart shells.Chill until set.Before the serving arrange the strawberries.
Emily Wiffen joined the East Dulwich Writers' Group in September 2009. Very early on, she demonstrated her commitment to the group and to her own writing. The first time I met her was when she came to help sell the group's first anthology at our occasional stall in Northcross Road. It was hard enough to persuade people who had their work in the book to come and shiver in the cold. I didn't know it at the time, but it was typical of Emily that she should volunteer for this far from glamourous task.
For my 8th birthday a sewing basket, I put the toys away for a while.Again this one was Kez's idea.She never left craft, I'm only just getting back into it...funny that...we just found each other after 30 years....she's still influencing me !!! If Kerri jumped into the fire would you???? my mother said this a lot.But...she has all the good ideas.
2 discussed
Why were the police unaware that the editor might be responsible for his staff without Mr Goodman telling them that?
But always available is this incredible view.
Based on the council’s record, no vehicles were towed at 10.30pm and none in Beach Street as alleged by Ooi.
National Shop Stewards Network supporters need to pile on the pressure for the date of the next strike to be set before Christmas, and to take place in January.
I love the CD this song is from. I remember a couple years ago listening to this CD, and this song in particular, as we drove around my grandparents' subdivision in Michigan, looking at all the beautiful Christmas lights after our family Christmas. I felt so blessed to know that I have a family like the one described here...and that I always have had one. I didn't have to wait. I had such a family from the very beginning. I am blessed.
On the subway this morning, I thought about what it would mean to become a cutter. I could pretend that it was an accident instead of unnecessarily alarming people. No one needed to know, it would be my secret. My scars to represent the pain I never knew. The sting of the blade and the flowing blood would give me something to feel instead of this empty nothingness that I don’t even have a name for. I wasn’t raped, I wasn’t violently assaulted; there wasn’t any physical pain, only a sense of odd discomfort as I tried to focus on the book I was reading.
So confident was Crocker with this magnificent machine that he offered to refund the full purchase price to any buyer who was beaten by a rider on a factory stock Harley or Indian bike.
Obviously the goblins were not digging. The PC’s find lost tools of high quality and that the doorway in the stone platform leads down into the earth. The PCs recalled the words of Miriam, strangely prophetic. Without orders to delve inside, the PC’s turn to the goblin leader. Surprisingly the creature can speak limited common and after some intimidation and an open treat of death and disposal, the goblin relents and informs them they came from the Underdark, escaped slaves of the Drow living deep below. The PC’s finish with the creature, feeling sure they were not followed by their far more dangerous former masters and let the pathetic thing go with a pack of food and no weapons or his drow marked chain shirt. Gwig took down their position and noted the details before the party headed back to the Stead and made their report. Offered food and drink for their efforts, Graen was most appreciative. Miriam, babbling in the background tells Gwig danger will come screaming from the sky and then falls back into doddering around the house. The party mounts up, saying their goodbyes and heads out to Pembrooke.
July 23rd 2011: Hollywood Undead at the Central Mass Expo Center in Fitchburg, MA.
I'm already madly in love with my husband.
“Because people don’t walk around in the rain,” she said, smiling at me like, Wow, you’re one dumb bunny, aren’t you?
We chose to watch Scream 4 in the theaters. I paid for the movie because I already had pre-paid movie passes. OH and I paid for dinner too. I snatched up the bill when it came and he tossed over his credit card, but I pushed it back and offered to pay the whole thing. Right move to make, right?
Next we kick off the beginning of 2012 with a look at Forge's neutrilizer. But be careful, "you'll shoot your eye out kid."
In addition to the Boilermaker, I made my way through the following beers over the course of the evening:
Aren’t I nice?
Irishman 1: There's the Belfast train.
If I were in the market today, I would wait for the $250 gizmo from Amazon!
I joined a health club last year, spent about 400 bucks. Haven't lost a pound.
6 cloves garlic (slice thinly/pounded)
As we sawed our way through the beautiful trees, I felt my heart slip a little deeper into the Tuscan drama—into the spirit and psyche of this land of contradictions. It was a very sobering moment. But after all, that’s part of why we came here over a decade ago. Certainly, not to see the devastation of natural beauty, but rather to open ourselves to life-changing experiences. Our hope then was to settle into some of the realities that rest just under the surface of this incredibly beautiful country and culture. You can’t be part of a place without experiencing it all—the breathtaking panoramas along with the cuts that go far deeper than imagined.
Feed it cheap crumbs.
Life is What You Make It by Ginger Simpson
Last week after spending some time with my sister and talking about all the cool things she has been pinning I decided to get on and give it a try.
The funniest bits were the well-remembered (by me anyway) clips from Fawlty Towers and Monty Python and it's prompted me to revisit my boxed sets.
I keep doing the same thing
Lewis Schaffer: Catches the Funny Bullet, So You Don’t Have To Murray Porter
The confusing thing about this is the way the office building has cameras set up to catch everything that happens…oddly Orwellian, but okay. Obviously, they catch the rape in the break room, which Trevor is easily able to subvert by going into his computer file and deleting in like a second. For one, how the hell did he do that? These cameras are set up all over the place but any low-level goon can just log in and delete whatever he or she wants? What the hell kind of system is that?
Student : Is there anyone in the class who has ever seen the Professor’s brain?
She closed her eyes and continued her silent plea. This was all a nightmare, she'd wake up and everything would be fine. The whistling grew louder and she covered her ears sobbing, "Make it stop! I'll do whatever you want, just please make it stop."
The approach has great potential, and kudos to PharmaExec for taking it on. A wider variety of speakers with truly differing viewpoints will be needed to make this a “sticky” destination, but let’s face it – video is where it’s at for on-line communications, and this is a great way to hash out some issues and gain needed exposure. I think there needs to be some clarity as to target audience (general public? pharma marketers?), and a clear commitment needs to be made either to nicely-controlled civilized discussions or genuine opinionated debate with a few flying sparks lighting things up. So we’ll see how it evolves. But overall, thumbs up for a creative inaugural flight!
Do you have any idea how many things you can put in a jar? What an excellent gift idea, and kids can really be involved in this. Just search for "mixes in a jar" and go for what you like. For those in Minnesota, Fleet Farm has good prices on the Mason Jars. I think Cub might be pretty similar.
Megg: Thank you so much for having me!!!!!!
One can write a Japanese haiku without a subject word. Most of time, the subject is “I,” the poet. But this one, I am not sure. I see two people (somehow, a male and female students) studying together. It is a summer time.
steak seasoning or salt and pepper, to taste
I've wanted to be a fiction author professionally since I was a child, and it has nothing to do with the connection. I didn't even register how well-known Editor X is until recently, when I Googled his name to find contact info. I've been grieving quite badly over my parent and have been keeping myself to myself, but it was time to reach out. As a result of my Googling, Editor X and I have re-kindled our friendship.
how did a car get so high and what was it doing there? this made is more determined to get inside. to cut a long story short we found a way in after 10 mins walking around it. To our surprise the building was littered with cars. We calculated about 250 abandoned cars in this building all staked one on top of each other with dust and bird shit over them. What a find!!!!!
Get Happy by Simon Stokes
CUA (for OS/2) also uses combinations of the Insert, Del, Shift and Control keys. Early versions of Windows used the IBM standard. Microsoft later adopted the Apple style key-combinations with the introduction of Windows, choosing the control key as their modifier key which had previously been reserved for sending control characters.
We all know the story. He gets to see what would have happened if they hadn’t broken up, the family they would have had, the jobs they would have had, the Tea Leoni they’d be sleeping next to. Two entire hours of a boring suburban life he never asked for, a ‘family’ he doesn’t even know and a job that is walking the fine borderline between unfulfilling and fatally uninspiring.
There you go. 3 1/2 lbs of chicken (cost me about $9), cooked once, made into 3 dinners and several lunches. This chicken would be great for tacos, enchiladas and even my bbq chicken salad sandwiches.
even the words are not finished
Marshall Cavendish, Man, Myth and Magic, 1995
This Aldea Thai 2 bedroom vacation rental condo penthouse is a professionally furnished and decorated unit with all of the amenities of home, complete with unprecedented ocean views. Each penthouse unit features its very own private roof top terrace with a huge plunge pool and views of everything that is Playa del Carmen.
“Mr. Romhilt said that their way of selecting active managers increased returns by 3 percentage points over the relevant benchmarks before fees and 1 to 2 percentage points after fees.”
my hands. The fifty-six rabbits that bum
Forever and a day I've needed a table to cut my fabric on.
As I attempt to record 1,000 things to be grateful for in this year, my mind is stretched to think beyond the obvious. Grateful is good and I like the idea of developing that mindset. But to take it a step further, and just like prayer, not necessarily get caught up in our circumstances, but be able to thank for the SEEING of God in our circumstances.
STAWBERRY PAPAYA (Good for colon cancer)
Don't get me wrong... I adore BREAD!!!! I love making it every single day... I love feeding it to my family... I love selling it... but my body DOESN'T enjoy it. MY system GAINS WEIGHT on it... then I crave more of it...and a vicious cylce ensues...
I'm grateful for happy childhood and teen memories, triggered by songs on the "classic hits" stations. The more I know, the more I realize how fortunate I was to have been loved the way I was by my parents.
The bombing of the villages and people, including women and children, is continuing. On February 20, 2012 Sudan government bombed an area southeast of Kadugli, the capital city of the Nuba Mountains State, killing an entire family and injuring many more, including live stock. People are still living under caves and 300 to 400 people flee to south Sudan seeking shelter or refuge every single day. The Sudan government has attempted to close down the road to the Yida camp by bombing and shelling refugees crossing the border.
So how have my Math Work Stations evolved?
(2) The separation between politics and Public Administration is false. Public servants hold political positions that require more than merely implementing policy set by elected officials;
We have been hammered with the
Sweet beer ease my pain
My challenge is finding a park that feels like the country, but that is close to conveniences. I want to be able to walk around town and check out the area. This is what I like about the Gulf Coast, many of the RV parks are close to the beaches and piers and I can spend hours walking around the area.
a cool breeze on a really hot day
Along with muscle mass, you will most likely lose libido, have fewer morning erections, have difficulty ejaculating and your testes will atrophy up to 50% of their original size. These changes may cause permanent sterility, and you should not expect regrowth if you stop taking hormones.
The City waited. For the fifteen year old boy who had yet not seen any of its glory – and for everyone else who sought it out.
If Paul was going to be a Christ witness he had to be vocal; not silent. He was called by God to be an apostle, a sent one. In Romans 1:1 we read,
As the cook returned to the kitchen to fill more trays, one of my bright-eyed kindergarteners looked at another and asked, "Who is the government?" Deadpan, the other student replied, "I think it is the lady sitting down over there."
So I had a great connection with Agriculture when I was young. Teenage years as with most people where full of angst and peer pressure, following trends and fashions seemed all important. I left Wales to go to university in High Wycombe in the south of England to study business management. Who knows what you want to do at 19? The college years where a laugh interspersed with last minute studying!
bolt and nut.
Liz Sheehan Castro
Squirrel Friends in the backyard who love peanuts.
To celebrate the Manila visit of David Finch, writer and artist of DC Comics' Batman: The Dark Knight series, bookstore chain Fully Booked threw down the gauntlet and asked local bloggers to write about their connection to the iconic illustrated hero. Though more familiar with the television and film series rather than the comic books and graphic novels, I wanted to do my part in a food-related way. But the question loomed darkly:
The Yoga really helped me with that.
If you like vintage cookware, give the old coppers you see a second look if the copper itself is intact and of heavy gauge. Jim can surely fix them up for you! Would love to hear from any of you who also collect…
Is the Zunami going to give us a social compassionate state at the expense of the rule of law? Unfortunately the first is always dependent on the latter.
When gray beards grow no more
it increased to N11 billion,
As ever, Lonely Planet have produced an interesting, authentic book that is a joy to read and look at. How often I’ll take it off the shelf to use, I’m not so sure.
I pointed to the big bouquet of flowers on your bedside table. ‘Lovely flowers from my mother.’ I plucked the card from next to the vase and made to read it again but instead put it back down. I had read it to you when I had arrived this morning and I didn’t trust myself to be able to do it again.
I have never forgotten were I grew up and how rough and though it is for most of Latin American countries. I have never forgotten my trip to Carabobo with schoolmates and Mr. Berrendero and all he Was teaching us on anthropology. It surely Was and has been a constant in my life. The respect and humblness needed when approaching as an outsider a population.
Now off to sleep....
Take six pieces of yarn together. Put hook through loop on the tip of the earflap, from the inside out. Pull a loop of the yarns through, and pull the tail end through the loop. With three groups of four strands of yarn, braid. When the braid is desired length, tie a knot at the end, trim fringe to desired length.
Food. In the animal kingdom, it makes the world go round.
You may or may not find me at any of the bars listed below in the near future:
supporting, understanding and encouraging the big feelings is massive.
Tensions have publicly flared recently between the bishops and the leadership conference — along with a few other large prominent nun-led groups — over public-policy issues. Some bishops were angry when the leadership conference supported the White House’s health-care reform, which the bishops’ conference had vigorously opposed. The bishops also have focused on opposing a White House mandate that employers, including religious ones, offer birth control, while the nuns accepted a compromise from President Obama.
Hannah’s mom met them at the door. “How bad is she hurt?” she asked, holding the kitchen door open.
Where is my medicine?
Perhaps those of you familiar with the Kryon work can comment on this?
Matt 17; 20- Nothing shall be impossible unto you. Matt 21; 21-22- All things whatsoever you shall ask in prayers, believing you shall receive.
However. The butterfly must be completed!
Anyway about two minutes in he's talking about the mini one (and I'm looking for facial scars from his being whupped by a hooker) and suddenly he's standing in front of a wall with lines on it... using the mini thingy to roll lint off his shirt... with the dialogue: "And it's great for neatening up before those important photos..." and the camera pulls back.... and he's posed for a mug shot.
It's just as well - my God hates you.
“What are you saying? In a day you two have just decided to march off and visit the emperor? Doesn’t it sound just a little crazy leaving like this?”
Lewis’s first and most important trick is the simplest. He never takes the view that a subject is going to be too complex for his readers to understand. But he also accepts that he won’t bring his readers with him if he plunges straight into a stream of incomprehensible jargon.
Sullivan (Damon) plays a parallel character, as a cop in the pay of crime. He never questions his motivations or his duties, serving Costello loyally until, like Cartigan, he begins to suspect that he is in danger.
They are pretty rare here, and I always forget how much I miss them until one happens.
*Top 50 U.S. Overall Brewing Companies notes: (a) includes Bass, Beck’s, Busch, Goose Island, Landshark, Michelob, Rolling Rock, Shock Top and Wild Blue brands. Does not include partially owned Coastal, Kona, Red Hook and Widmer Brothers brands; (b) includes A.C. Golden, Batch 19, Blue Moon, Colorado Native, Herman Joseph, Keystone, Killian’s and Leinenkugel’s brands; (c) includes Schlitz and 28 other brand families; (d) includes Dundee, Genesee, Labatt Lime, Magic Hat and Pyramid brands; (e) includes Kona, Red Hook and Widmer Brothers brands; (f) includes BridgePort, Shiner and Trumer brands; (g) includes Flying Bison brands; (h) includes Mountain Crest and 10 other brand families; (i) includes Grain Belt brand; (j) private label brands; (k) includes Gluek and 17 other brand families; (l) includes Butte Creek, Kingfisher and Olde Saratoga brands; (m) includes A1A, Big River, Gordon Biersch Brewery Restaurants, Rock Bottom Restaurants, Ragtime and Seven Bridges brewpubs; (n) includes James Page and Whole Hog brands; (o) sold to Anheuser-Busch in 2011.
Beenu Mahmood saw a shift in Obama that corresponded to Genevieve’s perceptions. He could see Obama slowly but carefully distancing himself as a necessary step in establishing his political identity as an American. For years when Barack was around them, he seemed to share their attitudes as sophisticated outsiders who looked at politics from an international perspective. He was one of them, in that sense. But to get to where he wanted to go he had to change.
“Individuals with low self-esteem become overly sensitive and fearful in many situations,” she said. “They are afraid they won’t know the rules or that they’ve blundered, misspoken or acted in ways others might consider inappropriate. Or they might perceive that others reject or are critical of them.”
Of course, if this cyclical history continues, it implies that Obama is NOT the "liberal Reagan" (who in turn was not the "conservative FDR"), but the Democrat's Nixon. Some parallels are apparent--many conservatives utterly distrusted Nixon for his economic policies. Of course, comparisons to Nixon may seem outrageous to Obama supporters (including myself), as Obama has--so far at least--not had a whiff of scandal during his administration, and we all know what happened to Nixon. (Still, the Biden/Ford comparisons are tempting... :)
I wish that I could just say what my favorite movie is, but in reality, it changes. I’ve enjoyed lots of movies in my life, and there are lots of movies that I watch over and over, depending on my mood. The same thing with music. I like tons of different bands, genres, and I love hearing something new. For the moment, yes, like I said in this post, Mumford & Sons is my favorite band. But that’s as likely to change as my mood. My favorite book? It’s usually the last book I finish reading (usually for the first time. Right now, my favorite book is still Infinite Jest, and not Breakfast of Champions. It’s like my mind is telling me that I should give something new a shot at the spotlight, and to not let it sit there for too long because there’s so many more books to read). My favorite authors… they change the more I read, but it’s usually just adding to the list instead of kicking an author out to make way for a new one. Vonnegut will forever have a top spot. David Foster Wallace will always be up there (shit, my one and only tattoo is a quote of his. I’m not likely to let that go so easily). Jane Austen, J.K. Rowling, Hunter S. Thompson. John Kennedy Toole (Tolkien, John Green, Louisa May Alcott, The Shelleys, Charlotte Bronte. It goes on and on and on). And that’s just now… that’s just the big names I can think of as I’m writing this. Because I don’t have a set answer ready.
We have several employees hired (10 right now including us) and have all their paperwork filled out and ready to go. We had our first official employee meeting today and got our blinds put up so no one will be blinded by the setting sun in the evening. The things that still haven’t been done are really more aesthetic than anything. We haven’t gotten our pictures back from being framed yet so as soon as that happens we will get those hung but for now we are a go.
2) Use an organizational system for your ideas. Over the course of a month, I run into articles, quotes, websites, books, photos, experiences, and conversations…all of which inspire me for an upcoming article or talk. I capture them in folders, labeled by theme or big idea. When I’m ready to start writing, I draw on this collection of resources to inspire and guide my thinking. Twyla Tharp uses a box for each new project. You might find a binder the best catchall. Whatever works for you, the mere act of labeling and filling your container demonstrates your commitment to the idea.
bathroom:
Then on CD 3-7 I'll take Clomid. (So if I'm a crazy, weepy, or bitchy person next week, I blame it all on the Clomid!!!)
Spinning in orbit
How about you? Do you need to recharge between projects?
They’ll be howling and be growling as they drench it with their spray; -
Lady Liberty never wavers in her quest.
Sometime during this time frame, my parents went thru a very nasty and devastating divorce, one which lasted for many years, one which would have made a Lifetime movie on some sorry network, one which should have put me into counselling for years and one that scarred me immensely. The details are not mine to share, as they are my parents story. I was only a side player with an emotional outcome that would have been a best selling novel, had I written for all to see. And it was during this emotional and stressful time that my once committed pen strokes started to disappear only to be replaced with a more subtle version of what would eventually become my uncommited pencil scribblings.
I see I've passed the big 250 and 900 posts! (what a load of waffle lol!) so will be back after the weekend with some candy as a thank you - it's looking likely to be ribbony type stuff :c)
Wendy replied a little amazed, “You got it buddy.”
A single cloud hangs in the sky over San Francisco Bay, like a rip in a blue curtain. Vivek Ranadivé, the CEO of a $4 billion software company, Tibco Software Inc. — and also the co-owner of the Golden State Warriors in the NBA — drives his black Mercedes S600 over the low bridge from Palo Alto to Oakland. And because the sky is unmarked except for that one spectacular little cloud and the morning fog is gone until tomorrow, it is as if he’s gliding across a huge blue screen. The scene looks choreographed: the Silicon Valley visionary driving to an important meeting on a perfect day, talking about ideas as big as the heavens.
Another important character in this story is Brian Stelter, who was 22 years old when he was hired by the Times as a media reporter. Stelter, who constantly updates his Twitter account with news leads he assembles all day long, is the new face of journalism at the paper, someone who approaches his job in an entirely different direction than Carr and other investigative reporters. For Stelter, it's a question of why wouldn't a journalist be on Twitter, while for Carr, it's his belief that "Stelter was a robot assembled to destroy me."
Catherine Englebrecht, the Houston businesswoman and mother who founded True the Vote in 2009 after witnessing an ACORN-style group registering thousands of illegal or nonexistent voters in Houston, told the voter observers from 32 states gathered for the summit: “There is nothing more important this year than your work in making sure legitimate votes aren’t canceled out by fraud.” Liberal groups ranging from the ACLU to the NAACP oppose voter-ID laws, claiming that voter fraud is almost nonexistent and that an ID requirement would amount to voter suppression. It’s certainly true that in-person voter fraud — the type of fraud most easily fought with voter-ID laws — isn’t the whole picture. Voter-ID laws must be combined with tighter controls on absentee ballots, the tool of choice of fraudsters. But filmmaker James O’Keefe demonstrated just last month how easy — and almost impossible to detect — voter impersonation can be: A white 22-year-old assistant of O’Keefe’s was offered the Washington, D.C., primary ballot of Attorney General Eric Holder, the most visible opponent of ID laws.
(the following written by Dennis Fisher)
When I finally got home, my phone rang. It was Tall Guy.
in his halls he often wondered
Brown boots - Belk's, gifted 2011
7And the men of Israel said to the Hivites, It may be that you are living among us; how then may we make an agreement with you?
Any way, it is about a princess who was deemed ordinary, was told all her life she was ordinary and subsequently believed she was ordinary. The King and Queen are mortified that they produced such an ordinary daughter and try to marry her off by any means possible, to a “suitable” suitor. So off she runs into the forest and away from the pressures of court life, snobbery and cutting remarks. In the forest she finds she can be herself. She is happy and she is with people who are warm, accommodating and love her for her.
Corporations are not People
Now for this weeks challenge! You may have noticed that it's the first saturday of the month which means it's another CASE It challenge! This week we have this super cute card from Debby!
Some visitors came searching, mostly for rodney king, apollo 11, julian beever, reginald denny, and apollo.
hugs you,
(insert anxiety attack 4 here)
Climate change threatens the stability and longevity of New York City’s infrastructure, buildings, and parks; it also compromises the health and safety of the city’s population. Unless the growth of greenhouse gas emissions is curbed and reversed, experts predict that climate change will result in significant sea level rise, increased storm intensity and frequency, and increased temperatures.
So what is a woman to do when the men around her refuse to comply? Over the next few days, we’ll explore pitfalls that threaten to drag us down, and platforms we can build in order to survive. There’s no guarantee of peaceful outcomes. We cannot control others. We can perform to the best of our ability, doing our best to reach peaceful conclusions. But the effort involved often feels like an uphill climb.
For the following six months, Pat and two trusted assistants had isolated themselves in the lonely plateau land of New Mexico, where the gondola was assembled and equipped. None of the three ever left the grounds, while the only person allowed to visit them was Professor Anthony. At last came the day when all preparations had been completed, and the ascent into the regions of the superstratosphere, a height never before dared by man, was about to be attempted.
This happened to me yesterday, whilst I was on my way to the screening of the short film I worked on for five days at the Southbank Centre.
The modern world is awash in verified facts, verified theories and verified laws based on careful analysis and application of those facts, theories and laws. However, many people willfully choose not to believe those proven ideas and place their faith in untestable ideas and often in ideas which are proven to be based on false facts. If the basic facts people place their faith in are wrong, there is little hope that the behavior based on those erroneous facts can be productive and beneficial to them or to the society at large.
Precaution Is Better Than Cure
I think I’m going to try to convince Katie over at Katienpursuit to do a joint “Dirty 30 Book club” book review with me on 50 Shades of Grey. I can’t talk about the book without blushing. I’m serious, I seriously can’t. There are about 4 of us at work interested in doing a book club. It might be fun since we’re spread out over the US. I’m trying to make myself read more for pleasure instead of just school work.
The father of the girl
The shiitake mushrooms were thinly sliced and pan-fried, with an added 1 tsp. of tamari at the end of cooking. Set aside.
The cases are never reported, the law never takes them seriously and the fear of social stigma makes them more vulnerable to further abuse.
This installment of the De-Sanitizing the Parables series will explore the Parable of the Soil found in Matthew 13. However, before I explore the parable itself, I’d like to give some background on the nature of the parables found in Scripture. To do this, we will listen to two different scholars who give us some crucial background on the nature and use of parables in the New Testament, and a pastor who will help us better understand Jesus’ use of them as story. As such, I have decided to break down my post into two parts. First, an introduction to the nature of parables and second and exploration of the parable of the soils.
He said: "I believe country people should have the same rights and protection under the law as any other minority group in a multi-cultural society.
When I blog a card, I photograph it. If it doesn't turn out, I photograph it again. No big whoop. Food blogging is a bit different. If your photos don't pass muster, or you forget to take a pic of the final plating, it's too late. Food goes in mouth, then into belly, and it's gone forever (additional details of journey have been omitted because TMI is not a good thing when discussing food). Missed photo op, end of story. That's what happened with my Tres Leches cake recipe. I took numerous photos, but didn't capture the final plating. It has literally taken me weeks to rectify it, looking for the right moment to make it again, because I'm sure my family and friends are getting tired of eating it. Finally, an opportunity arose this past Sunday when we had guests in addition to the usual dinner crowd and I needed something impressive with which to end the meal. Ahhh, Tres Leches to the rescue! YES! I was actually able to take a good photo of the end result! It only took me 2 1/2 weeks of preparation to gather the info for the next post, so please read it. I'm begging you! Do it for me, because dammit...FOOD BLOGGING IS HARD!!! ;D
One of my birthday pressies from Mr Little P was a voucher to join him on a Hot Air Balloon ride that he had managed to book for the actual ‘big day’ itself. Brownie points scored for booking the flights, arranging for the smallies to be looked after by the grandparents, packing a surprise picnic complete with champagne, etc. All we had to do was turn up….
Life is full. I am exhausted.
‘If you don’t eat your vegetables, you’ll never grow up.’
The reader adds that an advertisement in the December 1984 issue of Bicycling Magazine, introducing the Cinelli Equipe Centurion, states: "The frame is designed by Cino Cinelli and production is coordinated and supervised by his staff." He then goes on to write:
It wasn’t an easy job. In fact, it was a tough challenge. Seeing first-hand the conditions that the microfinance clients live in had a strong impact on me. It may sound like a cliché, but it really made me grateful for all that I have in my life, and it made me more aware of the responsibility that we all have in giving fair and equal opportunities to those who are less fortunate than us.
And they all went to Jericho rather than to hell
The Grifter’s Hymnal begins with a voodoo invocation. “Said my prayers to the old black gods./Tied some string around some chicken bones./Set ’em on fire and I cross my heart,” he sings over a stomping beat on “Coricidin Bottle.” What’s this got to do with a decongestant? Hubbard uses a Coricidin bottle as a guitar slide, a tradition that some say started with Duane Allman. Mysteriously, there’s no slide guitar on this song. But who needs it with the stinging electric guitar provided by Hubbard’s teenage son, Lucas?
Gina not only has to protect her life from a man she doesn’t know, she needs to guard her heart from Joey Zicara, the green-eyed agent with dimples who can melt any woman’s heart with a smile. Gina would rather switch careers and work in a soup kitchen then accept his help.
That leg, in which such wondrous art is shown,
Now for the "How-to"....
that are 144 characters, or less.
I hope these simple ideas have inspired you in your Valentine treat making this week. I really enjoyed designing them and I'm anxious to make more for some special people in my life. I just hope I can resist the open bag of chocolate long enough to fill the treat pouches. Be strong, Robin!!
It's still surprising to me that she did that. Even now. Mom's always been the one that doesn't like the word, "fart." This is probably why she aggravates me by telling everyone I fart. But, I have fun with her. When we're around her, and someone happens to say the word, whether it be by accident, or intentional, we have a game we must play. "Baby, don't say fart in front of Mamaw, you know she thinks fart is a bad word. So, at least while we're here, don't say fart. When we leave to go home, you can say fart, again. As long as you don't fart in the car." That's when the glares start. The kids always respond with something like, "Okay, Mom. I won't say fart in front of Mamaw. I'll just wait until we leave to start saying fart, again. But, if I go inside, can I say fart in there, since she won't be around to hear?" That's when Mom usually breaks out the middle name and it's time to end the game.
I know it’s supposed to be another educational show, teaching children about problem solving and introducing them to another language but, when every word of every sentence is shouted with a completely unnatural over-enthusiastic tone and upwards inflection, and ESPECIALLY when I hear my daughter talking like this, then I’m afraid it’s time for us to part company.
Korean Fried Chicken
So I get to the hosptial, and even though its been over eight hours since I took the medication I still had to drink that Charcoal drink. That's a big deturant to use pills to off oneself. The only thing the doctor was worried about was my ancimpitphine level aka tylanol, soory my spelling sucks. Anyway, the tylonol is in the Percocets, so I had to be put in the ICU, and given the antidote to tylonol posioning. So I did my night in the ICU, and then I was brought to Brown County mental health. Where I stayed 6 days. They don't let you smoke there, but they do give out nicorette gum, and now I'm craving fucking gum. The only thing I gained out of staying there was worse depression, and read catcher in the rye twice. That damn Holden Caufeild he's aces.
Trashman Lives! by Spain Rodriguez reviewed by Jimmy Callaway
From her powerhouse start on the vaudeville stage to her current cabaret tour and throughout Ms. Nast’s long full life she has been a consummate performer, rarely taking a break from performing and public appearances. She remains an inimitable talent and incorrigible spirit that never stops giving to those she loves the most – her audience.”
“ Do we believe in the smart and elite in this country to manage us?”
I made a postcard with the front Slider mounted on a flat piece of white card stock, layered with card stock in Spring Moss (Papertrey Ink). This image shows the slider moved up. I made this card as a thank you for my Ear-Nose-Throat specialist so his message will go in the white area next to the inside image.
Staying with Owen Wilson, we find him in one of his dramatic turn as a half-hearted Navy pilot shot down over Bosnia. While struggling to make it cross country to a rescue point, he uncovers evidence of a massacre committed by a Serbian general.
I was in the bathroom getting another roll of toilet paper to blow my nose into (HOLY SNOT!!!) and guess what I saw? Yeah. A spider. Little bastard thinks he can come inside MY house to stay warm? I think NOT! Seeing as I didn't have an handy flats fishing guides on hand to stop that MF'er, I uncoiled the central vac hose, plugged it in and sucked that jerk into oblivion. I hope.
A while back, Salt Publishing kindly send me a pre-publication copy of ‘Vault’ to read for comment and review. I started it and enjoyed it – but life kept getting in the way more than once or twice - as those who have followed the goings on in my life (version 2011) will know. ‘Vault’ has been sitting patiently on my desk, waiting for me to read it again this time with no interruptions – and with many apologies to both David Rose and to Salt, finally, yippee!
*Cardstock: PTI White; Stampin' Up! Basic Black
Hungry Like the Wolf / Rio – Woah. Not even Matt Bomer sashaying could save this one.
Today I picked her most recent look of when she was out and about on a nice warm spring day. She had worn a bright pink blazer, with a white shirt, orange jeans and nude platform heels, ahhh.. soo FETCH, yet it is so carefully coordinated and simple, right? I love this look, I love how she color blocked and also the colors reflected so beautifully making her face glow and overall the look is perfect for spring time. Below I shall put in the picture of her wearing that outfit, and below that picture I will put a picture collage up of EXTREMELY similar pieces that creates this whole outfit perfectly with the prices next to it as well as what shop it is from.
Changing Pad – Serta. I have a serta changing pad only because someone offered it to me for free. I don’t have a whole diapering station. I just put the pad on my bathroom vanity, place the ikea mattress protector on it and get going. Works just fine.
2 Ali Baba and The Forty Rubbers Getaway
I grow some Kales and Purple Sprouting Broccoli, some outside and a also few plants inside the polytunnel for when the weather is really foul and I can't face harvesting from the outside veg patch.
The second was a song I had never heard and stumbled upon, and together these messages are very powerful and comforting. I have a feeling I will be listening to these messages many times.
Ladies, stock and tend your hive,
Yes... I'm in China!
Four miles was on my schedule, and four miles is what I completed, at about a 9:30 pace.
One of the biggest challenges facing salespeople when prospecting is that few, if any, new contacts become long-term possibilities for sales or networking. This is due to the fact that an initial contact usually ends at just that – an initial contact, and nothing more.
Following today’s earlier set of filming photos involving the Eleventh Doctor Matt Smith riding a horse and uncovering a mystery object, we now have several more pictures likely to be separate scenes’ filming, one of which looks like it could be a villain of the episode (below – top, left).
Other: buttons and twine (Papertrey Ink); thread; Snow Cap acrylic paint dabber (Ranger)
Black patent slippers: Talbots
Bulging belly and pendulous earlobes aside, Buddha and I have little in common.
It was just fun.
Obviously you don’t want to undercook meats such as chicken, but for meats that are okay to eat without being well done, aim for medium rare and if there are any charred or blackened pieces, remove them before serving. A marinade of red wine or beer can be used to help avoid charring. Food poisoning is more common in the summer, and can be very serious, particularly for children or the elderly, so do take the risks seriously. A spokesperson from the Food Standards Agency said: “The safest option is to cook food indoors using your oven. You can then put the cooked food outside on the barbecue for flavour.”
Frank and Huey get pulled over by Trupo. Huey tells Frank that they have product in the trunk of the car. Frank asks Trupo about his Thanksgiving, before he's asked to get out of the car. Frank asks Trupo about his car, and is told it's gone. Trupo has his men open the trunk. Richie watches the scene from a distance through binoculars. Trupo shows Frank the drugs in the trunk and asks what they should do about it. Frank suggests "We’re gonna shut the trunk and go home to our wives, have some warm apple pie, apple cider."
There’s a step two as well. When the initial disappointment of watching the girl child being pulled (or pushed, whatever) out of the womb gets past, the next test is that of the colour. And I hate the way MS Word puts that squiggly red underline and tells me that ‘colour’ is spelt ‘color’. It’s always gonna be ‘colour’ for me, get that straight you American prick. I have seen FAMILIES FROWN ON KNOWING THAT THE GIRL IS WHEATISH IN COMPLEXION. “KNOWING”. DO YOU GET IT? ON BEING TOLD, OVER TELEPHONES, THAT IT’S A GIRL, AND SHES BROWN. I was in a train and when I overheard this guy talking and ‘tsk-tsk’ing, I swear I wanted to push him off that running train, hoping he bangs on a rod and another train runs over him. GOD, ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! And these advertisements on fairness creams and products; they just leave me flabbergasted at times! I do not understand on what’s about this race to get fair! Why does complexion matter at-all?! Blemishes, pimples, dark spots and stuff, I Understand (I don’t, I can just name them); but why do you want to change a shade of paint that’s forever yours? And that ‘excuse’, I just hate to, loath to, feel deeply disgusted to say that it’s the mothers and grand-mothers who cruelly tell the daughters that “Aisi kaali rahi toh koi acha milna mushkil hoga hume. Huliya Sudhaar khudka”. That literally translates to ‘If you remain this dark, it’ll be difficult for us to find a suitable groom. Improve the way you look and carry yourself”. Accusations imposed on the poor thing carrying her wretched parents hopeless genes, and also the pre-declaration of them finding the partner she will be spending 70% of her life with. Her soul mate, a man she’ll have to learn to love and respect eventually, regardless of what he is and how he behaves. The concept of arranged marriages may fancy some, but sorry, no matter how much you convince me, I will forever loathe them. I always prefer custom-built PC’s anyways.
The study shows income and pension gains and a decade of low inflation have meant all family types are relatively better off, including working families with children, pensioners, high-income earners, and even families in the lowest income quartile.
50. Invite people over more often.
1 embody
March 26, 2012 at 10:11 AM
I perused the selection in Dick's Sporting Goods (yes) and reached that stage I've often talked about with Theo from Hot and Cool, when you're faced with a display shelf of handsome Nikes and you start by picking out the ones immediately attractive until after a while they all start to look the same and you start to wonder if it even matters whether they're black and yellow or black and purple because they'd probably look equally as great. We've not-so-paraphrased it as 'The more I look at trainers, the less I understand myself as a person' syndrome. Is it the overall look of the trainer with a clean black trouser or a denim dress rather than the unique style of trainer itself? Does the variation between two similar Nike styles make enough of a difference? I know these questions will induce cries of 'sacrilege!' from hardcore trainer fans but they're questions that come to me as I ponder over the waffle soles and tongues in varying shades.
In my heart
9.NYX round lipstick in Summer Love: My perfect nude lipstick. I was using it all summer long and I keep using it now as well!
SPIOLER ALERT here (obviously). As the network tends to do, Showtime ended the first season with a frustratingly amazing cliffhanger. After spending an episode manic and the subsequent one depressed, Carrie’s sever bipolar disorder is revealed to the CIA. While she is manic, Brody unveils his true intentions and makes a move. The episode ends with the aftermath of Brody’s failed plan and Carrie undergoing electroshock therapy as an attempt to get her job back and her mental disease under control. Just before the shock is administered, Carrie realizes something that could be crucial to the investigation. The shock is administered and the seas ends, leaving Carrie’s mental state my main concern for the second season.
Chicken, whole
Real Estate - It's Real
The torture, the excruciating pain
As for dissing Roseanne Cash, you’ve got to be kidding. She makes the fricking commercial. Cash not only has a great voice but, unlike any number of pop stars, she’s credible.
& GIVES SATISFACTION TO YOU.
She's hopeless, she's certain. From porch to lawn chair to TV room her eyes
I met her and talked through what I wanted, as well as showing her some pictures. She agreed that a light wave would be best for what I want and that this should help me achieve a better pin curl. She also didn't bat an eyelid at the suggestion of 40s hairstyles and loved the Lauren Rennells book. Win.
All secret societies share certain fundamental themes. Membership is restricted to those who have an abiding interest in the subject. Thus, a spiritual group will attract people seeking more knowledge of a particular teacher or type of practice. The student is aware of the subject matter in advance and will approach the group for further instruction. More rarely, an individual may be “tapped” by the group because of a perceived affinity to its purpose.
-Being a Northener (like me!), would you say there's anything special about northern style?
However, opinion polls showed on Sunday that the government proposals could clash with the views of Conservative voters, of whom just 35 per cent said they were in favour of putting same-sex relationships on the same footing with marriage. But the ICM poll for The Sunday Telegraph also found that the wider public backed the move by a margin of 45 to 36 per cent.
Calling what these people engage in as an ‘argument’, would be like calling the Titanic a ‘wee little boat’.
7- 35: Antonio Allen, SS
Score: 1.5/5
The World Health Organization (WHO) defines health in a simple, yet powerful way. According to the WHO constitution:
The familiar creak of the lecture hall’s double doors brought a smile to my face. Another year I wouldn’t have to try using one of the excused I’d penned on my hand in case I was caught. Stifling a yawn, I slipped into the dark auditorium and shut the door behind me. Motion sensors set gears clicking into place until sparks ignited the Blaugas lighting. I took in a big breath, surveyed the auditorium seating and stage set with just a lectern. Only shadows stared back.
no words can express
Beginning with paragraph 4, in what order are the events in the story told?
Here's a shot that I took after I "trashed" my pasta by tossing it around with the sauce and had taken a few bites. The robust sauce clings to each noodle and is certainly "hearty". It definitely doesn't leave you wanting for anything more, including flavor and/or substance. This is a pasta sauce that will fill you up and leave you completely satisfied. Unlike many of the watery spaghetti sauces from a jar (where you feel like you can still eat dessert after or crave a snack a few hours later)...this sauce is sure to carry you through til' breakfast the next day!
Because I always air it out the shit I deliver will never stink.
doesn’t care about the dress;
One neocon asshole to another.
According to those who peddle the gist, gorgeous Jim Iyke declared his intentions towards AMAA on Wednesday, April 19 and was said to have gotten all his designer wears ready.
Like many middle-American kids, for me college was imbued with a sense of magic early on. We all busted our butts in high-school doing things like tap-dancing, pretending to be Switzerland in mock United Nations debates, and hurling various projectiles at each other in the name of sport just so we could get a seat on the B.S/B.A. rocket-ship to success. In reality we were buying tickets to something more analogous to a concert for some shitty pop-star that could be cancelled at any moment due to “fatigue.”
One interesting practical point is whether or not Mr Coulson ought to have been cautioned by the judge before he answered the question that he was not required to answer it, where there was a risk he might incriminate himself in a criminal act. If so, could he argue that it would be an inappropriate act of the Lord Advocate under the Scotland Act to prosecute him for perjury in connection with that answer, where such a caution was not given?
Reason?
No, this wine is not made by the ubiquitous pop singer Lady Gaga but instead by the unrelated Gaga Winery, located in Santa Rosa, California.
I assume Fruit Loop is part of their Spring/ Summer collection and it's a pastel peach which would look absolutely stunning with a tan. I nearly gave up after the first coat because it was so streaky but it eventually evened out after three coats.
The Amen echoes our certainty.
I have started this blog to codify my IP related knowledge base and information into one single point of reference.
I learned I have TS when I was 12 years old. Because I was short for my age and not developing physically the same way as my peers, my mom took me to an endocrinologist who discovered what was going on. Not one doctor I saw as child said one word about my unusual growth rate. One of the doctor’s I talked to after I knew I had TS told me even health professionals don’t always notice this syndrome when they see a patient who has it.
I just got an announcement that Sean David Morton and Preston Nichols plan, on May 1, to have a planet and solar system eating contest, to see who can devour a whole galaxy the fastest.
Melt the butter and let it cool slightly. Use the mixer to cream the sugar, brown sugar, and melted butter until just incorporated.
I started this challenge twice before. The first time, I was barely able to do 2 push ups. Feel free to read that last sentence again. I really struggled and it was disheartening, to say the least.
4 tbs whole coriander seeds
What is this spiritual responsibility? To be responsible is to be the one answerable for a thing. To be the one held accountable for something. The idea that certain people need someone else to be answerable for them or held accountable for them in the spiritual realms seems counter-gospel to me. It must seem off to Lepine as well, because he addresses the issue, but doesn’t answer it. He just re-asserts that men are “responsible” for the women under them.
6:30-8:00 Free for dinner
Butternut Squash and Carrot Soup (non-dairy)
Other: Bitty Buttons, Itty Bitty Shapes punch, Scallop Edge Punch, Dots Embossing folder, Big Shot, Ribbon, Markers
Hosted by San Diego Writers Ink the event took place at the Art Center Lofts in San Diego. The night consisted of an engaging humor workshop and discussion, followed by a hilarious Q&A session and book signing. Desberg and Davis shared their stories and experiences while interviewing the top comedy screenwriters from idolized television shows and films like “Gilligan’s Island,” “Get Smart,” “Saving Silverman,” “Cheers,” “Frasier,” “Modern Family,” and “There’s Something About Mary.”
Thanks for stopping by today! Enjoy!
First vote’s in. Borgia has four votes, della Rovere has seven, and Orsini has six, so nobody has the required 2/3 majority.
"That would make this a PLATYPUS PIE ! ! !"
but still,
Under the proposal, future decisions would be announced in understated tones by justices from the midst of large crowds at sporting events, concerts or theatrical productions. For example, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg might whisper at the Daytona 500 that it’s been decided that lower courts do not have the power to release Guantanamo detainees into the U.S. Or Justice Anthony Kennedy might mumble the Court’s decision in Bilski v. Doll affirming key aspects of patent law during intermission at a Broadway musical.
As a gorilla, I have a great deal of sympathy for humiliating punishments. In the words of Old Melonhead the Wise, “Tis better to humiliate a rival than bite off his goolies.” This is especially true in the world of homo sapiens, where humility is scarce and the quantity of bollocks is relatively stable. The guilty have nothing to be proud of, so make them feel humble to purge their souls. They can always regain their self-esteem by doing good deeds and learning how to knit.
The CCC boys built no handrails, nor did they install ropes lines or put in trailside benches... The primitive trail construction features were deliberate in an effort to create a minimal impact on the land... A person standing on the southeast shore of the lake looking directly at the south talus rock field a few hundred feet away will not see a trail - only a tumbled mass of boulders frozen in place on the cliff side. On the day we visited, fallen leaves and pine needles combined with a light rain (and the absence of railings) made the rocks a little too slippery for us, so I don't have photos continuing on to the top. But I think the quality of the stonework is apparent.
Strangely enough through, standing by as the Orcs rape and murder and plunder and destroy, IS progressive.
I received the wooden spoon and leather belt and the cane on my bare bottom and I have to say, it felt amazing. My bottom was very sore and I felt a great need to rub it, however, if I put my hand in the way to rub it then it may get the belt across it, and I know that hurts a lot, so didn't want to take the risk. Instead I decided to think about the excitement I was feeling from my sore bottom. I could feel a lot of moisture between my legs and honestly needed a feel my Master inside me, but tonight was all about him, I had some making up to do. I hope my Master enjoyed his night, but I think I may be in trouble some more seeing as this happened on Wednesday and I have only managed to record it in the diary today, so I may have to blog again tomorrow with a punishment I may receive later.
~~ UPCOMING SHOWCASE CALENDAR ~~
4) Two brands can’t occupy the same product category and win.
Dishes, glasses, pots and tumbled from the cupboards and crashed to the floor. The sink faucet snapped; water erupted from the ruptured spout and drenched the crumbling ceiling. The window over the sink exploded, showering her with glass. A shard gashed her cheek; warm blood rolled down her face.
But there’s one final factor which might just tip the balance in favour of planned caesarean section – NICE’s QALY measure of cost-effectiveness:
“Yes, I know. Everybody always is,” the woman spoke blankly to the whirling air around her.
Annika, currently in her Seven of Nine consiousness suddenly gets up, says "Enough!" and walks out of the room.
Yesterday morning I lay in bed in that semi-wakened state, just before you open your eyes for the first time. You know where you try to ignore the fact that you are, in effect, awake, and try as hard as you can to cling to the sleepy haze by not yet opening your eyes?
Being realistic, the majority of discussion will take place on a private forum. This will allow openness between publicans and encourage an atmosphere of offering help without fear of reprimand from the public or campaign groups for the way you run your pub. Originally the group will set up as 1 nationwide branch, and have an aim of a meet-up (perhaps agm, perhaps purely social) a year at least. Depending on uptake, regional branches may prove more useful and realistic.
Here's a glass table:
Neels Jackson’s ignorance is staggering to say the least.
Inside the walls however, tells a very different story!
He scoops it up this time with the Holstein, and drives down field.
The “Course in Miracles” states it very simply: “Everything comes from love or fear”. If it’s not love, it’s fear. And fear is a call for love. We all want love and acceptance. Even our calls for love (fear) are looking for love in all the wrong places. Look deeply at any act and you will find either love or a call for love.
An Illustrated Lecture and Film Screening with Allen Crawford (aka Lord Whimsy)
- Row (10-15)
Times have changed. In 2010 and 2011, the Justice Department saw fit to give $400,000 in grants to an organization that lists Dohrn as a member of its board of directors: a $150,000 grant in September of 2010 and a $250,000 grant a year later.
2. Cook and stir chicken, basil, and garlic in large nonstick skillet on medium-high heat 3 min. Add spaghetti sauce; bring to boil. Simmer 3 min. or until chicken is done. Stir in neufchatel cheese.
Finally, it’s worth mentioning that this new portal will be one part of our total web environment:
I've decided I'm not a very good supermarket shopper. Apart from being magnetically drawn to the impulse buy bins, especially when they are bright orange, I don't seem to ever get the 'You've won' coupons at the end of the shop.
There is however one thing that she doesn't do well.....
1 small container of Greek yogurt
These longstanding rivals are also envied by the other teams in the competition because of their ongoing playing and administrative success’. The teams are strikingly similar in a number of ways, sharing the same difficulties of not having a small town community behind them, but both enjoying the benefits of attracting members based on proximity to the main, larger township of Swan Hill. They are the powerhouses of the league and have won 32 (Swan Hill 19, Tyntynder 13) of the past 65 senior football premierships.
The Intervention is a “one size fits all” which is not tailored to the very different circumstances in various communities. One has to admit that some aspects have the support of some people and some communities – which may include alcohol restrictions or income quarantining. But various aspects contravene UN Human Rights, and the Intervention has also been described as yet another land grab with ‘leases’ of 40 or 90 years on land, and I don’t understand how these leases co-exist with the Land Rights Act of 1976.
But freedom only helps you say
I still don't think I have my shoe and insole issue worked out and it is really starting to piss me off. The prokinetics insole gives me good support, but not enough cushion on my long runs. My custom has good cushion, but is so big and heavy (insole + my stability shoe = lugging around a pound on each foot).
Suta tests further, “Yes, but in an incarnation Godhead acts like an ordinary man. What is the value of hearing about someone who imitates ordinary men?”
Bao Heng ended by warning PM Lee the possibility of the PAP being booted out of office in the next election if the problem remains unresolved by then:
101Where, where was Eloise? her voice, her hand,
Our time together for this visit is drawing to a close. I will always be here. We will be reunited often and in the end you will be the eternal one.
Back to the eye charts-here's the abbreviated directions-
The cake is meant to be served warm and the recipe suggests wrapping it in foil and reheating gently if it has been allowed to go cold. Personally I find it just as scrumptious cold as it is warm.
Billy Kelly – It’s a Wonderful Life
Song Il-gon (b. 1971) is a South Korean director that has seen more success abroad than at home. In a fashion similar to Kim Ki-duk, his films have garnered praise in the international film festivals circuit, but received less attention in his native country, whether from critics or from cinema goers. Song’s career trajectory is intriguing: after graduating from the Seoul Institute of the Arts (서울예술대학) in 1994, his request for a visa to study in the US was turned down and he ended up the Polish National Film School in Łódź instead – the school that produced filmmakers such as Roman Polanski and Krzystzof Kieslowski.
Cardigan and bangle - Primark
I’m coming, Peredur tried to tell him, but the bent figure lowered his head as if overcome by agony after all. Peredur grit his teeth and pushed forward with all his might.
by another language
The malt backbone is a little sterner this year with the inclusion of some dark malts which provide a rich hue and enough sweetness to balance the generous notes provided by the hops. There are three distinct ‘levels’ to this beer with an initial toffee-ish malt starter and a crisp almost clanging bitter finish which stays a good while and leaves politely. In between is a little package of tangy little bangs which I can’t yet identify. Maybe the rest of the six-pack will reveal the secret to me.
Newt's said and done some crazy things, desperate things, but this is downright insulting. Hey, you bitter clinger, paranoid xenophobes, wait until you hear this about Romney . . . he speaks . . . wait for it . . . French! Don't you just feel the bile bubbling up in your tiny little selves, your pathetic hate-filled souls? That's right. Romney speaks FRENCH. So vote for me. I speak American, just like you.
**with the Sir Ken Robinson link mentioned above attached**
Which is saying something
The tricky part of cooking the jam is knowing when to stop. If you are making an open-faced tart, you need the jam moist. If you are making closed tarts, the jam cannot be too wet or it will be difficult to handle during wrapping. For me, I am clumsy with closed tarts. I only make open-faced tarts. I cook the jam till it coats the wooden spoon and the jam doesn't fall off the spoon immediately. However, when you flick the spoon, some jam should fall off. I'm sorry if you find this description vague. You need to cook it to experience it. After the jam is being cooled, remove the spices and store the jam in a container. It should be refrigerated till ready to use.
Mom threw me a withering look that said I had just given her another big problem for the day among many others she and Dad had to contend with raising so many kids with so little money. It was actually soothing because I knew right then I wouldn’t die. She sent my father with me to the store while she stayed home with the ‘little ones’ as my younger brothers and sisters were known.
(I will then add this blog to my list of nominations and send an award over to those that make my horn glitter the most when I next do a round up).
02. On an Island
Also, since the bundle of jute will not fit through the hole in the shamrock, you will have to cut a certain length out. I think I did about 5 times my "wing span" (you know when you stretch your arms out and apart). And it's quite annoying pulling the whole length through every time, so I tied it like so:
Add the buttermilk and stir well. Pour in the dishes. I made 8 small desserts.
H – ‘Bike Hire Schemes’
This Book&Author breakfast was very different -- instead of being the new girl on the block I was the grande dame (or something) sandwiched between a group of young(er) turks. Naughty boys all (or pretending to be naughty boys -- I'm not sure). First we had Jon Scieszka, the first national ambassador for young people's literature, warming up the audience. Then we had Eoin Colfer (Irish writer/comedian) introducing each of the three speakers in alphabetical order. First speaker was Sherman Alexie. I'd recently read his first YA book, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part Time Indian. He was charming and told a poignant story about one of his fans. Then it was my turn. Then Neil Gaiman (black leather jacket, jeans, curly black hair) a sexy looking guy with a British accent. No wonder he had groupies lined up at his book signing afterward.
You knew the O’Bullshit intent is all about destroying our economy. And the very fact that our Northern neighbor had something we so desperately need, and it said “no”, should have told you all you needed to know. And then, once public opinion turned so hard, it finally sort of agreed.
Since time immemorial, man has struggled to harness time in order to fulfill his daily needs from dawn till dusk. Generations and eras faded while the only permanent thing to remain was time. Time forced man to follow its dictates resulting into man’s reliance on gadgets for timekeeping such as watches which are an ethereal symbol of his submission to its dictates.
87. Learn to make Davids favorite cookies
Indeed, the preparations for the coronation are very elaborate and include a spectacular carriage for Vannozza and the kids, which is much more period accurate than the carriages that ran all over The Tudors. I’m starting to wonder if Hirst was too busy mucking up Camelot to screw this show up, or if everyone else involved with this cared more, or if he isn’t really the problem at all and I’m just being unfair. Whatever it is, I’m glad this show’s coming along nicely.
Instead of cracking down on Islamist extremism, we've excused it.
Potato Starch (enough to mix)
I think the cuddle time helped both of us, because I know I needed that.
the resurrection and the life
Here's your chance to work out live with Tony as he tours the country promoting his new book "Bring It!"
Way back when I started this blog and wanted to create lists of my favorite films, I created a category called “films about existence” — a category that seems eminently problematic, yet still encompasses what these three films are doing. Each of them stopped me in my tracks as much for their innovative narrative styles and intersection with other art forms as for the extraordinary places they took me in considering the metaphysical. I’m going to keep my eyes on the field for similarly innovative, risky films. Let me know what you think I should see.
I guess everything I'm trying to say can be summed up by Solomon:
I walked out
Personally I am of the opinion that the Chinese also bit off more than they can chew. They will not get directly involved, they never have and there is no reason for them to do so now. They may however get involved indirectly by supporting those that support them, but who are those really? Is it Malema, the man that has been their pawn all along, is it Zuma & co that officially led them in or is it someone else behind the scenes? If they back the wrong group they're doomed and there is no such thing as the right group. In SA we do not have only one or two tribes, we have at least thirteen different tribes and groups to contend with. In SA we have unresolved friction and hatred between groups and tribes spanning centuries. We have rebel groups, revolutionaries, disgruntled loyalists, political parties with different political ideologies, we have blacks hating blacks, blacks hating whites, whites hating blacks, coloureds hating blacks and we have whites hating whites. We have Asians, Portuguese, Afrikaners, Boers, Greeks, Italians, Germans, Dutch, British, etc. We have churches hating each other and different religions hating each other. South Africa is a country thriving on hate and discrimination from all directions. It is the most most diverse, most divided country on earth. According to psychologists South Africans are the most aggressive people in the world. They certainly are the most judgemental and most hypocritical of all. South Africans judge you because you belong to the wrong church, speak the wrong language, live in the wrong suburb, wear the wrong clothes, etc. They judge those that left the country and those that left judge those that stayed behind. This is the most screwed and most screwed-up nation on earth and China is about to learn it the hard way.
For a minute there I actually blanked out on why I was here? I nervously glanced down at my wedding band and twirled it in place as if I was trying to aid the use of it to help me find why I was here, needing help?. . .Then I remembered: My recollection appeared in a form of a bright flash of light which instantaneously hit me head on. I almost resembled that of an amnesiac suddenly awoken from its bizarre trance of no recollection for all that is and once was very important to me. And although the trance lasted no more than a few seconds, and by the way Julian and I have been suffering for almost a year now, it sure felt like an eternity.
Time for the annual Jeff Helps Amy Get A Christmas Tree Event. It was chilly and snowy. Weather advisories galore. The perfect day for my brother to drive over in his trusty truck and pick me up and take me to Menard's to get a tree. Right?
I put a layer of VERY thick vellum I had from an estate agents house folder!!!!! over a hammered card after I had cut it out with a border by Birdscards.com I added the hearts myself, then cut out a scroll with a file also by Birdscards.com. I then added text I made up in Fairycuts. I embossed both the scroll and the text with Cuttlebug folders I added a varigated ribbon from Hallmark and added a few flowers from my stash. I added Glamour dust for a littel sparkle and I am pleased with the effect, I hope her day will be happy. I thought that "It's Your Day" conveys no matter what happens, it IS her day.
Now, suppose I am not detoxed, and I eat the allergen, and I don’t realize what I’ve done. Two days later, let’s say I eat the allergen again. Two days after that, I do it a third time. By the third time, the inflammation will be severe enough to cause coughing, bloating, and many varied symptoms. The symptoms vary from person to person, but they are all a result of inflammation. Most people, not knowing anything at all about their own health, will wonder what’s wrong, and eventually go to a doctor. The doctor, following our “peer reviewed science of Western medicine,” will look in his book to see which pill he is supposed to sell for the particular set of inflammatory symptoms this patient is exhibiting.
Ending discrimination in the workplace is a worthy goal, but since ENDA does not apply to government-sanctioned discrimination, which is the most serious against us, ENDA is no panacea and our money, lobbying and votes should support an agenda that is broader than solely ENDA. Further, the private sector has made tremendous progress toward equality in the past decade and might not be the best place to focus change efforts. Transgender activist and blogger Corinna Cohn, proposes that there might be other ways to accomplish ENDA’s goals:
Oh yeah. At this fall festival we went as a family theme. Here is a couple pictures:
The ‘old man’ is just one of a number of characters that our narrator encounters between 1940 and 1948 but mostly in 1947. His days don’t amount to much, fishing in a manmade lake (created when they were building the overpass), cycling around on a bike so filthy you could no longer tell what colour it used to be or surveying his kingdom looking for beer bottles or worms – a penny apiece deposit for the bottles and the same per worm from the man who ostensibly ran the filling station but who seemed more interesting in procuring worms to sell to the fishermen who had to pass his premises on the way to fish than selling petrol. The area is surrounded by sawmills and agricultural land which the boy enjoys investigating including two “domesticated orchards that had been totally ignored, abandoned for reasons unknown and had reverted to the wild.” In one of these the apples are mostly rotten and the local boys like to go there and shoot them with their .22 rifles.
A fascinating mystery, beautifully crafted by this award-winning author.
Eventually I decided it was now or never, so I scooped him up and placed him gently into the cubicle, making sure to leave the door as wide open as possible. I held the shower head down, away from him and although he cowered slightly he made no move to bolt out as I had expected. Slowly, slowly I introduced him to the shower; first showing him the device, then wetting his paws, over his back and finally his head. He let me proceed with caution, his tail down between his legs and the occasional whimper but he remained where I had placed him and allowed me to scrub his skin with the shampoo.
Besides checking out the burial sites and the picturesque rice field landscapes the other attraction (and main reason most people visit) in Tana Toraja is to attend a funeral ceremony. The Torajan people are predominately Christian, but the ceremonies are a strong reminder of Aluk Todolo - the religion before the missionaries came. The funerals are large, elaborate ceremonies lasting several days where hundreds of people can attend and need to be fed. The ceremonies are also notorious for their honest-to-goodness animal sacrifices of water buffaloes and pigs.
Each morning that I run I always break to do walking lunges across a bridge on our property. I have only just begun to be able to complete the entire length without stopping. I have never counted my steps before but for some reason today I did. As my steps grew harder my counting grew louder and more pronounced to help remind me that I could do it one step at a time, until I reached the end at 52. 52! I smiled to myself. How coincidental! But my mind couldn't let it go. I went along running and thinking about this coincidence.
It is my belief that the universe patiently awaits us saying a whole hearted "Yes" to our self. All the help we need is right here, welcoming our fullest joy. I believe that the universe conspires not against us, but in support of us. When we say "Yes" to ourselves, we find all the support we need to realize our dreams.
Last week my new intern and I ventured out to find the perfect pillow fabric for a client I have. We've been having a hard time pulling in her blue chairs and green ottoman so I wanted the perfect pillows to pull it all together.
Once a year we spend four days together and LO it is a busy chattery time. I doubt anyone could stand to be within earshot of us the entire time.
#highestlevelgrammargeek
You can include other people by following the instructions later in this newsletter. For those in other countries you can search for a World Time Clock to convert the time or use the link below. Also use this to convert other US cities. http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/
With a round shape we mean the people that have a round chin and softer angles in the brow and jaw area, often accompanied with fuller cheeks. For a fashionable appearance it is recommended to with a larger rectangular (angular also works) frame as the design will slim down the face and give the impression of a longer face. The eyes look like they have been pulled up slightly given the impression of an elongated face, rather than a round one.
Fourth and finally, we went through not one, not two, but three different shower caddies to find one that was not possessed by some kind of bathroom demon. The first one we tried was one of those high-tension kinds that goes all the way up to the ceiling, much like the one previously in our shower, only not crusty and rusty. It went together all right, but after trying to install it, I thought it looked like the tension was going to be too high, and we switched out one of the pieces for a shorter one. That turned out to make the whole thing too short to stay upright, so we attempted to switch back to the longer piece. Shorty had a different idea, and fused itself inside one of the longer pieces, and after almost an hour of wrangling, culminating in me beating the metal poles against the concrete floor in the garage, we conceded and returned the godforsaken thing to the store, claiming manufacturer defect. The second one was equally defective, and we finally just gave up and bought one that just sits on the shower floor, though tipped slightly off-kilter, of course.
There was an alternative available to him, one hallowed by tradition, and in general accepted use in the school; that of violence and pain. Corporal punishment was, at that time, still legally permitted in Irish schools and most teachers still used a bamboo cane as a disciplinary and pedagogical instrument. At the end of every pause and lunch break a queue of boys could be seen waiting apprehensively before the principal’s office; waiting for the cold, impersonal administration of “six of the best,” to be endured as a consequence for misbehaviour. You presented the flat of the palm of each hand alternatively, open at arms length, anticipating the whish, the crack, and the burning pain. We did not question this – it was an inherent component of the general culture of school – but it reinforced our general feeling of education as a state of low-level warfare between pupils and teachers, a fundamental division between us and them, where they had nearly all the power.
It is for all these reasons that we have made the decision to launch this blog. In order to comment and analyse events and to offer a strategy and tactics for the way forward for workers and youth in RCT. Look out for regular updates here. It doesn't stop there, we have also launched a facebook page RCT Socialists and you can follow us on twitter @RCTSocialists
Fit Mind n Body’s next Cleanse for a Cause start Wednesday May 16th and will benefit Coach Todd French who is battling stage 4 lung cancer. You can learn more about Todd and/or donate the $100 registration fee at www.goteamfrench.com. Then email me the receipt and let me know what class you want to take (10:30 am or 6:30 pm). For more info, visit my website at www.fitmindnbody.com. Keep it clean to get lean!!
I wanted to decoupage the top and create another catch-all box for somewhere in the house.
In case I haven't made it clear - this baby guy totally blows my mind.
Healthy, youthful looking skin starts from the inside. A healthy diet should include plenty of fresh fruits and vegetables and whole grains. These are packed with antioxidants which help to repair and restore skin and other cells. A healthy diet should also include drinking plenty of water. Drink at least half your body weight in ounces of water a day, to ensure your skin stays hydrated from the inside. Alcohol consumption should also be limited since it dehydrates the skin.
I have never forgotten that moment, because it was like I had found my home at last—California.
Macaroni and Cheese became a staple of their lives.....
I'm also going to recommend hiring a doula - even for a scheduled c-section. Teri (http://harmonydoula.com/) helped keep us calm while we were waiting and did some visualization while they "massaged" my belly after the operation (you know it's gonna hurt when the nurse says "ok, hit your morphine button.) But most importantly - she taught us how to breast feed. Some of those images (my absolute favorites) are in the slideshow.
The basic method can be modified in such a way that the reaction product meets certain requirements – brittleness, hardness, flexibility, etc., with the introduction of appropriate metal ions.
“Niiiiiiiiiiiii-(stalling for time)-iiiiiiiiiiiiice………….. it’s prettttyyyyyyyy-(while saying this, try reading on the back what the fuck this thing is and react accordingly)-yyyyyyyyy………”
"Okay..."
We miss you.
I think there is much wisdom in the words of the servants, words that broke through the haughtiness of Naaman, words that speak through the generations. How often do we expect change to occur because of something big, flashy, larger-than-life? We live in a world of spectacles, of Super Bowl shows that play to our need for fireworks and performances.
Mark Lee may have served his National Service faithfully and even sustained injuries during his stint, but he is still considered a ‘second class citizen’ in Singapore compared to newcomers like Angelo Marc Jandugan whom the PAP government has been exhorting Singaporeans constantly to make them feel ‘welcomed’ in Singapore.
Life is always interesting here at Mimi-Toria's Designs. A while back a friend of mine, notified me that my blog content appeared to of been lifted and put on a UK website and that I might want to check it out. Hers was also stolen, and while dealing with hers, she had noticed and notified the other victims as well. Mine being one of the four or five that had been stolen from, I readily was contacted and she shared what she had learned in order to get her information removed.
$120
5. Tell us a little bit about what your purse and its contents say about you
I ordered my wedding dress online from a plus-size store and I hated it. Even though I had lost a significant amount of weight by that time, I was still obese. When we got the pictures back, I cropped them all so I could only be seen from the bust down, afraid that people would think I was 16 months pregnant and it had been a shotgun wedding.
MONSTEE: Me just read you comments and put them in strips. You am real stars…
There’s no way back again
But with the problems that came in getting Tuitele on board, he was optimistic regardless.
When all major political parties in Ukraine manage to gain 18% or less individually in the straw polls of public opinion regardless of what provocative or pacifying actions they make take in an attempt to either motivate or buy off the voting public, the one clear result opinion polls show is that the Ukrainian public simply don’t like any of the political choices they have.
4) If you're not that fond of bland food, bring a small bottle of Tabasco Sauce and as well as some Lemon Pepper, garlic salt, or whatever else that gives flavor and makes you happy.
Even with Dean still on the phone (by now I had assured him that I was in my car, safe, though I would not feel safe for a long time) I could not feel safe till I had pulled out onto RT 5 and pulled into traffic gunning the engine, thinking at this point that should I get pulled over for speeding it might serve me well, that they would have time to catch the guys, but then my mind raced still, and I was simultaneously afraid to have to identify these guys and… for what? They’d not touched me. I was safe. And so I slowed down.
Stayin’ In…Bobby Vee
I honestly dont know what I could possibly say to make you believe how good of a person *** really truly is.
I fear that one day she will take a bite out of our dog, and Daisy (our dog) will certainly not be pleased about this, nor will I. She is a biter by the way (I must discuss this in another blog, because her biting is epic) and that in itself is a challenge to get her to stop doing, because she find my whelps of pain to be quite hilariously entertaining.
high neck and legs out. it's springsummer after all, so keep it short with thigh skimming hems and sweet by creating decolletage- concealing silhouttees.sleeve length optional.
"We have a chain of command here, George. You see a Winchester, you don't eat him! You tell me, and *I* eat him!" She's so over-the-top and yet so natural at it.
When you can fall for chains of silver,
Something that was clear was that while Labour may talk big about change and their ‘100 point manifesto’, they’ve had thirty years in which to effect change, and they have, but rarely in a good way.
I love starting a new painting. I always paint pretty fast and loose at the beginning to just get big areas covered with a layer of color first. But I also love adding the final touches! Such as the whiskers on the animal’s muzzle, the little hairs in cat’s ears, a little extra shine on their nose.
I was hoping to see how the diet would change my body, and I honestly believe that eating real food only changes your body in such a way that you lose what you don't need, you can eat as much as you like, and still feel full.
Well guess where I was a month later. That's right! Back in her office where, this time, she prescribed some transdermal patch thing that they give to people when they're going on cruises to help with dizziness and motion sickness. The patches didn't do a damn thing for me except for accidentally dialate one (yep, just one) of my eyes for two days and make me look an awful lot like David Bowie and/or a psychopath.
The main question most people have is where would the money come from? There are two main potential sources. 1. A loan. As it stands Ireland is blocked from the bond markets due to our banking debt (which is why any solution has to include a restructuring of bank debt). The IMF-ECD bailout also provides something of a hurdle to climb. 2. Savings. The ESRI estimates we have 50 billion worth of savings put away for a rainy day. Now is as good as time as any to use some (obviously not all or even most) of it to create jobs.
I sound old—I’m certainly older than my father when he pronounced smartasses unlikeable—and if I’m fuddy-duddy ranting, I apologize. It’s just that I’m frustrated with the easy scorn I run into. We’ve traveled so far from the original meaning of “cynic.”
Michael LaFaive of the Mackinac Center for Public Policy recently studied the impact of cigarette taxes in Michigan, California and New Jersey... LaFaive's study estimated that 40 percent of cigarettes smoked in New Jersey come from out-of-state or illegal lines of distribution. The figure was based on smoking rates, the number of adults in the state, and the number of legal sales per adult.Bump the tax up enough, and you'll get hijacking and theft, too. We had a case near here a couple years ago where someone smashed a pickup truck through the glass front of a store at night, grabbed armloads of cigarette cartons, tossed them in the back of the truck, and drove off with thousands of dollars worth of cigarettes (and taxes). Great idea, those higher taxes.
its so fun to pull together all the details!
As I walk in, seemingly peaceful student engineers tense up and angle their bodies towards me. Scores of students aiming for a degree declaring automatic job prospects stare me down. In unison, and I swear, in slow motion, lips part, eyes bulge and look down White men’s noses. Jugular veins quake daring to bust out the necks of two Latinos. Pakistani men narrow their eyes and frown like they smell something fowl. They’re sniffing me out! Out of the great conjectural space surrounding us, a mystical chant over sublime piano chords fade in as if to symbolize two worlds meeting. Then, the only female engineering student in the lab begins to walk towards me.
I will be using the piece for keeping my jewelry in.
Their act became so popular around the country that they not only became producers of their own shows, but they owned their own Broadway theater, exclusively devoted to producing vehicles for them (think about that a minute), while simultaneously sending on the road as many as four other separate touring vaudeville troupes. This is why I said they are pivotal in American theater…in American musical theater, anyway. They helped invent American musical comedy. But years before that, Weber and Fields were an act you would see in the hotels and saloons of Coney Island, where they first performed, believe it or not, when they were in their very early teens. (They didn’t tell their parents) One legend has it that once Weber and Fields booked themselves at two rival saloons, and would run from one to the other until they were caught by the owner of Duffy’s Tavern (one of the establishments), who chased them into the ocean with a bullwhip.
Time to write
They want a “new drug”. AND I FIND THAT APPALLING. THE HOLY SPIRIT IS NOT A “RECREATIONAL DRUG” — when you feel like you are having that reaction — IT’S THE DEVIL IN YOU TO BE SURE.
I tried pebbles, free-form feathers, paisleys, wavy lines, and – oh yeah – stippling! I wanted to see if I could get a trapunto effect by quilting a motif and filling in the background.
OK, it’s a bit rude, I’ll allow.
What song do you never get sick of hearing and one movie you will never get tired of (re)watching. why?
As for me, I started back at work one day a week this year. I only made it to halfway through the year at work though due to having Gideon (I wasn't planning on being pregnant when I returned to work!) I really enjoyed the short time I had there though. I taught a class of 6 students all with physical and multiple disabilities. It was a different type of class to ones I have had previously so it presents new challenges and fun for me! I'm hoping to return to work for one day a week next year.
09/02/09 SELL XAUUSD 0.01 956.55 10/15/2010 1366.86 -409.74
Mary’s usage of Valium and alcohol has also progressed to the extent that she cannot go through a day without either.She drinks from the moment she wakes untill she passes out from the combination of Valium and alcohol. Mary has resumed performing sex shows and prostitution on the internet . Mary is in a panic as her once over the top popularity is declining rapidly and she has had to reduce her fee to compete with the younger and more popular woman involved in the sex trade. She is considering returning to making dvds despite the danger of rampant STD and HIV (she was rumored to have contracted HIV but denied the accusation on line) to in the pornography industry, return to stripping or both. Mary detest stripping as the customers touch her and suffering from agrophobia she has to leave the home which compounds the agrophobia disorder. Mary is also very paranoid for good reason as she has suffered from brutal attacks, rapes, druggings, and preditory stalkers. Mary has a permit to carry a concealed weapon in several states and is very proficient in marksmanship, having completed several weapons courses before the onset of her diseases.
An earthquake? Ah, shit, R.E.M. was right, all along.
I have to say, the little brewery over in Scotland has one hell of a marketing department. First they release the most alcoholic beer in Tactical Nuclear Penguin at 32%. Then some German brewery topped them so they released an even stronger beer, Sink the Bismark, at 41%. Now they went and did it again, creating a Belgian blonde beer topping off at 55% alcohol and selling for $765 per bottle. The best part of all is that the bottles are encased in the bodies of dead squirrels, weasels, and rabbits. For our PETA supporting readers out there, don't worry, they picked up the dead bodies after they had already been killed by those awful animal murdering motorized carriages.
The curlers she used were Japanese and bigger than standard UK curlers apparently, we talked it through and agreed we should err on the side of bigger to avoid any nasty, curly surprises! She said that this was a 'standard set'.
One thing that struck me is how ordinary they were. None of them seemed exceptionally clever, like the brilliant physicists and mathematicians I met at Cambridge University during my undergraduate days. Some of the investors did not seem to be very competitive, or even driven by the desire to make money.
My first coat was the steel paint followed (as instructed) by a mix of steel and black, this was put on then blotted off with scrunched up paper towel. The next step of the instructions stated that I then had to add a little white paint to the mix and, using a thin stick, run the paint down the ridges. This all worked absolutely fine but having seen the finish after one coat of paint, I let the whole thing dry and went back to the original finish. I have a hard time dealing with "well used and grungy"!
Everyday, I will devour you
Shaman King Zero 3 (35:37 – 39:30)
my inner world lit up. i read a few passages from a book on radical acceptance that i’d proceed to read to psychotherapy clients the next day.
Top: Purple cotton strapless top from DOROTHY PERKINS
As you kissed me
Before we had a chance to determine what had happened, she was more upset that her significant other might “find” a text like that and having to explain it might prove difficult.
Feed all the inside animals and the outside dogs and cats
I can't hold back my tears and my son is now rubbing my shoulder because even though he's just turned four he had more empathy in his little finger than my dad could ever have. So my dad doesn't even notice I'm upset and goes on with his crossword. I retreat into depression in my room when we get home and my mom doesn't understand why I'm upset. She was there when he said those things by the way. Instead of supporting me she acted like I was overreacting and then left the room calling me some names. They decided to leave because I wouldn't come out of my room. I don't think my dad actually noticed. I decided I'd had enough.
As a result of this, there were one or two mumblings from members of said congregation who favour same-sex marriage, and so they complained to a higher level. Sadly, the Venerable (acting) Barry Goodwin didn’t exhort these believers to follow Scripture and take their complaint first to Mr Gowlland: he decided instead to suspend him for two months.
-What recent title(s) have you read lately?
So get to it!
As time steadily moves on, the finer details of the premeditated violence and suffering this terrorist spawned on ALL THE RACES of South Africa, will eventually be erased from memory, and fade from the history books of the world. The future generation will search for the truth – knowing that it must be out there somewhere, but they will not find it. The next generation after them will boldly proclaim that the missing truth were all lies anyway – and is thus not worthy of finding. Blogs like this one, for example, will vanish out of site, with the flip of a switch.
What better Holiday to celebrate than Christmas? (Unless your religion tells you not to, I can’t help that.) Everyone is spreading spirit and goodwill towards each other and the thrill of giv— wait what am I saying?
This pic shows you how forgiving this stuff can be. I somehow had a major gap in my seams... well, i think it had to do with my trimming also but anywho. I broke out some Spackle ...
Okay, now I’m going to look you straight in the eye, swing my hips one more time and take a big, enthusiastic piss right there on the carpet. Watching? Here we go.
My Dad and I removed the central hardware and cleaned it up with a little gasoline and paper towels (to remove a little paint that had gotten under painters tape). We painted where the hardware had been, and finalized all touch ups. Finally, we replaced the hardware, and relocated all the pieces upstairs to the master bedroom.
Booth, chairman of the Criminal Law Committees of the Cape Law Society and the Law Society of South Africa, while not able to comment on this case, said: “It does seem that the police have struck some kind of deal to perhaps take statements and use it later to get to the big fish.”
Reading these books comes as a shock as it’s an eye-opener in which they wrote a lot about Jesus and the Christians and it’s not pleasant to realise just how perverted and hateful these Zionist "sicko’s" are. They have such hatred towards the Lord Jesus Christ that they’ll stop short of nothing to blot and besmear Jesus.
Sent: Monday, March 05, 2012 12:04 PM
The formula is actually lovely too. For me it’s a great work mascara. It is quite a wet formula so whilst it’s ok at holding a curl it isn’t the best I’ve used for that purpose but it gives incredible definition and it has a really glossy jet black finish that I love. Whilst it isn’t overly volumising it does layer well. I have had zero smudging or flaking from this mascara despite the fact that it comes off really easily with just warm water.
R&B artist Usher’s song “Yeah!” hit the top of the charts in 2004. But it wasn’t a hit at an Ohio jail, where a deputy allegedly forced inmates to dance to “Yeah!” in order to use the jail’s microwave.
These feelings could be stronger than we dare to dream.
For my card I've used one of the new Fizzy Moon stamps, the images are larger than the previous ones but I prefer them although it means alot more colouring, and I just love these cute cuddly wedding bears.
In Memphis, Tenn., a decline of about 15 percent in donations amounted to the loss of hundreds of thousands of dollars. Maj. Mark Woodcock, the area commander, said he had to close the doors of a subsidized childcare center that served low-income families for more than 30 years to focus on the most critical priorities of feeding and sheltering people.
Concerns of mounting political interference at Brazil’s state-run oil company Petrobras are spurring interest in a crop of start-ups seeking to tap the South American nation’s sizable reserves.
I just got my newest photo book from My Publisher a couple of weeks ago. The packaging is great and so exciting to open up.
Fun fact: Churchill is also known for its “polar bear jail,” where bears who’ve wandered too far into town are incarcerated for their own safety.
"Beer must be allowed!"
That’s because love comes from Him.
"I... I have a dead battery that I can't get out... and I don't have the right tools... and... and.... and..... I'm 3 hours late to work... and they said... they said they wouldn't help me... and" And yes, the tears started. Complete emotional overload. I was thoroughly embarrassed, but I simply couldn't prevent them. However, a different nice young man was at my car in less than 10 seconds to remove my battery. I thanked him profusely, and apologized for the water works. As I headed in to exchange the battery, he told me to get him when I returned, and he would install it for me. I already felt badly for his good will, especially since it's against their rules, and I told him that. He asked me to please be careful, if I decided to do it myself.
Over tower'd Camelot;
Please don’t scrutinize me.
One touch
I will always visit your own blogs and leave a reply on your own posts too.
To finish off a great day, we spent the evening with the extended Bell family. Dinner was great: Chicken Tortellini with fresh spinach, grilled tomatoes, broccoli and rolls (sweet tea to boot, again) and then ice cream with brownie bites and chocolate sauce. To finish the evening, a few rounds of Wii and some decaf coffee. The night spent laughing with friends was just what a needed after a few days of solitude. Praise be to Jesus!
11:50 - the waiter brings you the check... but not the machine for the card.
I had been sitting on the edge of our bed, looking down at the small bag of clothes that I had packed for myself. I heard the door open and close, Jack was home. I had made stew for him, hoping that upon seeing it he would be in a better mood; silly I know but I’d take what I can get.
38. Moments of joy and bliss. A deep abiding sense of peace and knowing that you are never alone.
After long and careful thought (and the advice of many online supporters and friends who have kept me going and whose support has been invaluable) I came up with the answer. As is so often the case, once I worked out the solution it was glaringly obvious. I will only use photos with content that will not enable non-Grenadians to identify themselves and each other. Although this means I won't publish some of the best images, this seems a small price to pay.
Hope you enjoyed this project and make sure to scroll down to see projects by the whole DT using these great NEW STAMPS!
He let her make the rules…
Kawabata tell it from the viewpoint of an 67 year old man, Old Eguchi, (Kawabata was around 50 when he wrote it). Eguchi sleeps next to several young knocked-out beauties at night in something of a brothel (maybe they have other rooms upstairs) over a period of several months. When in the room with them, Eguchi seems always on the verge of either strangling these girls, who toss and turn and talk in their sleep (might as well be snoring - get a CPAP!) or taking an overdose himself of whatever it is they are having.
A Tribute to N&O Copy Editors and Page Designers. The Raleigh newspaper, the News and Observer, closed its local copy desk this past week. A sad day in journalism. (The Editor’s Desk)
Alchemists searched to discover magical substances to turn lead into gold, cure disease, and extend life. We all need to believe in a bit of magick, yet the elixir of life is simply believing in you.
Photos by C.A.T. founder Lisa Maher.
7-8 pounds $5.91
I do not consider the hen to be a bully in this instance.
This week i’ve been shooting these two gorgeous little girls, and there’s another shoot of two other sweet sisters coming up this week!
There are several ways of reaching Leh but it depends on the route that would be open. Srinagar and Manali are the two major gateways to Leh Ladakh. Ladakh was under the administration of Leh until the 1st of July, 1979, when the Kargil and Ladakh administrative districts were created. Religion had been the cause of a lot of distress between Buddhists and Muslims since the late 20th century and was one of the main contributors of this division. Tibetan and Buddhist cultures have prevailed for centuries now in these two places of India. A lot of Buddhist monasteries are prominent pilgrimage centers in the country. Its colorful gompas have attracted devout Buddhists from all over the world.
This has been a great week for me, I think I have completely jumped over EVERY comfort zone I have, well I have one major one left...that story soon. First, I wore a floral dress I would have NEVER dreamed up before (below), I dropped my major retainer client because even though it paid the bills, I wasn't growing and it was time to move forward and challenge myself, AND I made a committment to myself and my family to get FIT! Bit the bullet and joined the gym (for the 4th time in 6 years - LOL - Hey, I never stop trying!).
Beyond embraces into night.
It's in perfect working order and sews beautifully, also the pedal is new and the bobbin winder is not its original because the original was broken. I still need to clean it really well since it came from a repair shop and it's super dirty but otherwise I'm pretty pleased with my purchase. The lady at the repair shop told me that this machine would probably sew through anything and I'm almost sure with the right needle it would. So in conclusion, I now have 2 new machines one that is easy to work with and modern and one that sews beautifully and should last me a lifetime if serviced properly; I got both of them for less than what I got my Brother for. I'm sew happy now! ;)
Hope is the thing with feathers
Not only did I love the old tool crate that the door hardware was snuggled in, look at that awesome door hardware! They would look awesome lined up in a giant shadow box frame as art, or on actual doors!
On this earth day, I fondly reminisce this story of long past. Palaruvi would be a much safer place today, I am sure. It is a breathtaking scene and a place one can connect with God.
Dooley’s got his injured players back. He’s got more depth. He’s got assistant coaches with whom he claims he’s more simpatico. And the schedule is softer, to boot. So how many wins does Tennessee have to notch this season for SOD to puff his chest out and proclaim that the Vols are back?
Why Are They So Angry?
Stranger it’s nice to meet you.” He winked that charmed smile not charming enough as she pointed an accusing finger, “Stranger danger!”
My dad had left the Harding Street Trade Preparatory School in Belfast and started working as a Thread Packer in a Falls Road Linen Mill. Recognizing that there was no future for him there, I believe he must have harkened back to his halcyon days in the company of an American Serviceman. I think this prompted him to join up.
Kirby Cheep SquadKirby Cheep Squad
I am a fan of Valentine’s Day. Not buying lots of “cute” stuff (cards and stickers excepted). Not demanding a demonstration of your admiration of me (although voluntary actions will be appreciated). Not going out to eat (why would I want to eat with a million other people around?). Not celebrating a saint or saints. But I do like celebrating relationships…friends, family, and others. Happy Valentine’s Day to you when it comes around.
“Look”, said Chuck. ” We didn’t know the password back then and we still don’t know it now… but there is one thing that’s changed about us since then.”
I am constantly amazed at what taxpayers are willing to pay for in taxes to efficiently tax themselves further.
FLOWERS: GARNET VELVET FORGET ME NOTS
Here’s a statement about the posters from the organization:
and I can still recall the cool, electric thrill
"We have thus instructed our lawyers to approach either the Full Bench of the South Gauteng High Court or the Supreme Court of Appeals to grant us the leave to appeal."
I started with liquid yeasts by simply throwing a ladle or two of yeast from the last brew in onto the next brew, there is great advantage in reusing your yeasts for a few brews, it kinda hits the ground running and gets to work on your beer straight away and there is less lag time to the start of fermentation. Less lag time closes the window to infection as your wort is at it's most vulnerable before the yeast kicks off and you want to make this time as short as possible to exclude infection by wild yeasts. You also have the advantage if you are brewing a house beer of allowing the yeast to get to grips and "grow-up" with your recipe. Commercial breweries reuse their yeast strains for years by yeast banking, that said they employ a small microbiology lab with -80c freezers to cryogenically store their yeast strains. Every few generations they test the yeast for strain drift and wild yeast infection, regrowing from their frozen yeast bank and starting again whenever the need arises, but with proper sterile technique they can continue with the same iteration over multiple brews. This is not advised past about 8 generations as a homebrewer for the aforementioned sterile technique that most homebrewers are not very good at.
Hi there! I'm so glad you stopped by today! I'm here with this month's DT Creative Challenge, and it's another fun one! We hope you'll play along with us!
And can you believe it's been TWENTY YEARS since that album? 20 YEARS!!!!??? Sigh....I could still make it in the mosh pit. WHAT? I totally could.
The solution is actually quite simple.
Our first glimpse of Ghost Face comes nearly nine minutes into the sequence. It’s another neat inversion on the old slasher trope. The fear of slashers traditionally comes from their omnipresence. No matter how hard you run, Jason and Michael will keep pace with you without so much as breaking into a power walk, The Strangers will lurk in the background no matter where you go. Ghostface in most of his incarnations takes the exact opposite tack. Even when he’s in pursuit you’re never sure where.
There was the year I got really deep and gave up all potato products. (Don't laugh, as a German-American it's literally in my blood to have potatoes at every meal. Which I was doing, and having potato based snacks on the side.) That was also the year that I decided and announced to my church group what I was giving up before realizing that I'd be in Germany over Spring Break, ie. during the middle of Lent. That particular trip was an interesting one, but I am proud to say that I did not eat a single potato product in those 40 days despite the numerous opportunities that presented themselves. I also lost something like 10 lbs. Win-win. That was a tough year.
Just found out from my local comics shop, Great Escape in Marietta, Georgia, that a couple new printings of Fatale are on their way to the shop. A January 31st press release from Image Comics confirms that a second printing of issue #2 and a third printing of issue #1 had been ordered even before the initial release of issue #2.
Meaning: This style of ribbon is a symbol for osteoporosis.
Thin pale lips curl detecting fears,
We usually get a great many applicants and so I close the application period fairly quickly: watch this space and also twitter for details.
Entries MUST be tagged and uploaded to the photo gallery by March 16th at 7:00 pm EST!
Worship has nothing to do with styles or with sounds, it has everything to do with the condition of your heart and which direction your focusing your energy and love.
As for the junk food, I have managed very well without it for the last 3 days. I admit that I am eating very regularly to keep my cravings and compulsions for cake under control. Today I made a big egg-white omelette with 4 eggs and split that into 2 meals, with some quinoa on the side (to give me some long lasting carbs without wheat). I am managing fine so far, and as I said before I will write more about this soon.
"For someone to say it's not okay to be as skinny as me is like saying it's not OK for me to be who I am;
Ladies and gentlemen, do remember that: Boys (especially MDs) will come and go but family and true friends will stay.
I think that's why I like Darby Karchut's Griffin Series so much. (her newest one comes out this month, plus get a chance to win a copy of Griffin Rising, check at the end to find out how!!) Her angels are angels, they have powers and can fly, but they definitely have a very human side to them. And they have a tendency to just walk into peoples lives when they need it the most and then walk away. Not asking for any sort of compensation or even acknowledgement.
My favorite for a sweet wine was a tie between the Apple Spice wine from Wolfcreek Wines and the Sweet Black Raspberry from Best Vineyards. My favorite for a dry red was the Chambourcin from Rettig Hill Winery. Christy loves- I mean really, really loves- their Grand Rouge because it's a dry red blend made from the Norton grape (the only wine grape that is truly native to the US).
This issue has been largely addressed in the selection of delegates section and also throughout the discussion of electronic participation and voting. It should be noted that any investments in technology should take into account the diverse needs surrounding accessibility.
This is how much the strawberry has grown in just 1 week after the bloom.
peoples them with my dead.
Photo credit: Pottery Barn Kids
Honoring our own desires is not something we're taught to do. It's assumed that kids are balls of cheerfully self-indulgent id already, that all you have to be taught is how not to eat everything and hump everything and name yourself Rocketship. The lesson on "actually, indulging yourself in safe and considerate ways is not just okay but necessary" never really comes.
This is why I don’t listen to most grown-ups: there advice comes from a dissatisfaction with their own job, and after a while they stop believing that you should be happy with what you do as well. Yes, you could say that many adults can explain the pitfalls they fell into and help you avoid them, but more often than not they don’t. Instead, a ton of advice is based around complacency.
The Sound of Music is the first movie that I remember watching. I was young, but I remember being very excited about it. Even today, it is one of those films that just doesn't get old for me. Granted I've not watched it in years, but in some ways I've watched it so many times I could play it inside my own head. I suspect though, that I have far better things to do.
If you want to observe an electron and “leave it standing” you have to think of something other way!
The vowels were inserted in the Qur’an in 43 Hijri.
The general intent of all of these missives is to convince us to part with our money in order to receive even more money.
-BIG D O
First I'm showing you my New Year's mani. I wanted to do something different, not just tons of glitter.
I really love the look of the glitter border around the die-cut shape. I would have never thought to do something like this! I used the Mat Stack 2 PTI die to trace around with a glue pen, and then sprinkled it with glitter. The stamped die-cut shape is popped up with foam adhesive for that added touch of dimension.
And here’s a cell phone shot of the event (the original photo hasn’t been scanned in yet because I’m too lazy, but I actually like this version even better). Anna tends to really cheese it up in photos, and while it’s cute, it’s not necessarily the most photogenic approach to take. Her Christmas photos are no exception.
I'm not the only one. The most commercially successful British writer (JK Rowling) and the most ferociously inventive (JG Ballard) were both single parents. Edith Nesbit had three children of her own, and then adopted the two that her feckless husband had with his mistress. She founded the Fabian Society, precursor of the Labour party, and still had time to write 60 novels, among them the most purely funny pages in the language.
DEBRE DEMISSION, vous deviez proteger mes droits, vous m’avez pris pour un rigolo, un fantaisiste, un fou, UNE VICTIME selon les diffamations qui courent.
slur of drunkeness, blood alcohol
Then they grow grey, like men.
I tried painting the embossing folder to see if I got a similar effect to stamping ... not really!! The tag is embossed using the CB hearts folder and then inked using fired brick and aged mahogany distress inks. The cherub and hearts got the same treatment and then the hearts were stuck together to create the 3D effect. The churb was covered with rock candy stickles. I added 7 gypsies tissue paper to the base of the heart, and used salvage stickers to create the sentiment. The border is cut using spell binders edgibilities and I stained seam binding and attached a couple of hearts.
Those Ministers who were deluded enough to believe that Labour might win the election pumped cash into margin seats, bribing voters to stay with the red team:
or bag raiding
That was the same stuff that demoralised me, packing up to go to a market or craft fair, and at the end of it, realising my sales had not paid the costs.
Sir John Chilcot: Prime Minister, we have heard that there was a particularly strong and close relationship between Tony Blair and George Bush….
You’re so talented? You’re so smart? You’re so independent of everything your fellow Americans have worked and sweated for that you’ll be just fine without it?
this was first introduced by my colleague, C, when we had a popiah party in the office for J's farewell! Since its a popiah party, of course we had to had popiah and kueh pie tees... Wanting to provide more varieties, C suggested preparing some smoked duck which we can wrap with popiah skin...
At 10am it smells so yummy and is making me feel so hungry.
1/2 tsp fresh grated ginger
You lost your job because of NAFTA.
Every day you are given the chance to experience life anew. All too often people allow the headaches, nightmares, and heartaches of the past control their present, which by default alters their future. Your past is a memory, a mere thought. We tend to let these mere thoughts dictate our actions in the present. How absurd! I am here to encourage you and to let you know that who you were does not exist TODAY. If you woke up this morning and said, “Today I am going to be the best me that I can be”, and you focus all of your energy into that mission…guess what?! That is what you will become! Isn’t that awesome?!
It doesn’t matter for the parents whether the girl is in school or not. The parent would explicitly overlook the future of educated women for the price they would receive from whoever is marrying their daughter.
Seven decades and a few years I have been around and Dick Clark was a big part of those moments and years I call happy.
"Daddy, let's get some girls
Now add the Kraft circle over some fancy lace with 3d foam glue and add a glass pebble on the middle. You can also use any other round embellishment as your center: brad, button, epoxy etc.
“Oh, the bitter shame and sorrow,
Level 19: MP Cost: 42, Duration: 174 seconds, Damage: +38%, Critical Rate: +17%, Minimum Critical Damage: +10%, Attacks up to 1 enemy.
Letters to editors are difficult to keep track of. They are even more subject to editorial revision than what usually appears in the American press. (See, e.g., Items D-V/30/1968 and D-VII/31/1993, above.) In addition, such letters are often revised by an author as they are sent to a series of newspapers (where they may be published without the author’s knowledge). The headings printed with letters (as with newspaper articles) are usually provided by editors. Letters to editors provide a useful indication of what one may consider appropriate for public comment from time to time.
June 2010, March 2011, April 2011, and November 2011
Bell’s brewery on the Pleasance remained the brewery for the united concern. Here it can be seen in the background. Splendidly, the pub in the foreground is advertising Disher’s Ten Guinea Ale:
Dr. West’s eighty-year old mother, and just chatting away to her. That should give you an idea of how this grew beyond a mere formal event into the start of a beautiful relationship.”
a little Vino? If the answer is yes. You are not alone. I repeat. You are not alone. From
Till we came to a coach
This will come at a time when major changes to welfare entitlement in the now approved Welfare Reform Act will affect the benefit entitlement of workers should injury prevent them from continuing in employment. Abolition of legal aid for welfare and benefit cases under the forthcoming LASPO bill (Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Bill 2010-12) will also mean that if they are wrongly assessed by the state, they will be less able to fight any unjust decision.
When I got to the shop I could not find the list,but I remembered what I needed,so I thought.At the checkout I realised I had not got the pet food so went back to get it and picked up a big bag of cat food,I even looked at other cat food to make sure I was getting the best value for my money.
He closed his eyes, raised his hands
Because who doesn’t lump all their girlfriends together when writing their first memoir? Especially when you’re an awkward skinny nerdlington dude with a funny foreign name. You know those guys always score lots of poon. Who could possibly keep track of all those babes?
Should we hurt each other more?
--Belltel Lofts
Soon, Delores is sought by the devilish, grasping Chris Buckwell (Warner Oland), a power broker from the city. Oland enjoys high social position and great wealth, and he’s a curse upon San Francisco’s Chinese population, whose own expansion he seeks to restrict. The Chinese community elders detest Buckwell, but they accept his power over them because it is unwise to provoke a powerful figure and because, as a white man, he is outside their punitive jurisdiction. Yet Buckwell is actually Chinese. To pursue the wealth he craves, he’s developed a cover so deep even his own people don’t recognize him.
the agonized complaints of a Sumerian teacher about the sudden drop-off in
My husband loves honey-do lists–the longer the list, the more satisfied he feels when each item has a bold hash mark through it. Mow the lawn. Done. Change the light fixtures. All set. Pay the bills. Taken care of. Despite Dave’s affinity for these lists, I have never given him one. Even more than that, I’m careful not to mention things that need to be taken care of around the house because–like Santa’s list– they’ll be added to the queue.
The new architectural design preserves much of Ledner’s original ideas for the Maritime Union, like the mosaic stainless steel cladding and circular porthole windows. When daylight hits the reflective facade at just the right angle, the windows appear to float like bubbles in the sky.
Or felt yourself being towed along
My dog needs rehab. I've been trying to deny it. The shame....the constant questioning of myself... "where did I go wrong?"....the whispering and judgement behind our backs. He was such a quiet, well mannered boy, too.
Godfrey WHO? No; Godfrey Ho. Get it right.
The actress brought to fame for her portrayal of Amy Pond has given an exclusive interview to IGN about her current work recently, including talk about her (then) upcoming TV film 'biopic' We'll Take Manhattan.
Perhaps it’s a sign that I should move to a lifestyle of raw foods only.
1 english
One of my dearest friends, Dot Norris, went home to be with the Lord a couple of years ago after a long, arduous fight with cancer. She was funny, with a quick wit. She was also a loving and dedicated child of God and she loved Dane dearly. They shared the same strength of character, zest for living, and devotion for God. Dane loved Dot as well. Despite their age difference, Dot and Dane “got” each other. Dane was always smiling and ready to give a hug. “That child is so sweet, I could eat him with a spoon,” she once commented to me about Dane.
I knew what he was looking at it and I wanted no part of it. At seven months pregnant I am getting more and more tired. At work our company is going through a very stressful transition period and my partner and I had agreed: no serious house-hunting for two weeks. Yes, we could look and I was almost done licking my wounds from having to give up on the dream of that other house, but really, my heart wasn’t into the search. I was tired and preoccupied but agreed to check out the listing.
We had a real chance of making the play offs and the lottery of getting promoted.
My hand gripped the top of the locker door, till I was white knuckled......
You better call it a Regal.
The group was influential in forming the musical style that became known as samba rock or samba soul.
Finally, today I pulled out one more batch of scraps, mostly from Sixteen Sparkles, and using this quilt by Red Pepper Quilts as inspiration I started to put together another baby quilt. I think it's going to be pretty cute! The white I'm using here is broadcloth, a poly/cotton mix, which I happened to have and wanted to use up and let's just say I won't be using it in quilting again! It distorts SO easily with pressing and piecing and I've had to do a fair bit of trimming and tugging and re-pressing. Thankfully, quilting (and washing!) tends to cover up a multitude of problems so I think it'll end up okay.
Yeah, if you could send that back here, Ciaroscuro (and by the way that was a BASTARD to type), that would be great. There’s been some really weird magical bullshit going on with that axe for a while. I’ll try to explain what I can.
91 Heart of Darkness – Joseph Conrad
Ingredients are very basic. This is a hand-me-down coffee pot from my parents (Thanks Mom & Dad!). I buy basic ground Columbian coffee. I happen to be drinking Folgers at this time, but I sometimes change depending on what is on sale at the grocery store. If I am lucky enough to bum a trip to Costco off someone with a membership, I buy the big container… SUPER cheap. I really don’t like flavored coffees (like Hazelnut) brewed at home, they just don’t taste the same / right to me! My “at-home coffee” world changed when I realized that I could mix different spices in with the coffee grounds to get that delicious coffeehouse flavor! I am currently crushing on a combination of ground cinnamon and ground ginger. I started using just cinnamon because one of my favorite breakfast places in DC (Booeymongers) has cinnamon coffee and it is THE BOMB. The ground ginger gives it a little more of a pumpkin pie feeling.
What disturbs me greatly is though Undiscovered Authors is defunct; it is still live even though it ceased activity in 2008, in spite of the more recent suggestions by Discovered Authors that they intended resurrecting it in some form or another.
