I think this view hits the mark, or at least does the best job.
My hearts bursts with pride at just how far we have come. We worked hard, we fought harder and we did it. But at the same time, my heart aches, I will never again have a small baby at my breast. I will never have the opportunity to' just breastfeed' without baggage, after Stella proving that my boobs do in fact work just fine. I have no doubt that what I am feeling is normal, I would have felt this way had she weaned at 1 or 5. There really is just a little feeling of rejection attached to this moment. I hear mothers of older children (and sometimes younger children) who breastfeed saying things like, 'I just want my body back' or 'I feel so touched out' and I imagine that being at that point, maybe makes weaning easier, maybe it doesn't, maybe being dumped by your booby buddy just hurts no matter what... but I'm happy to share my body, I don't feel touched out, I love breastfeeding.
What am I afraid of?
That seems to be an effort to resolve the problems caused for a newco in relation to a licence to play in Scottish football, membership of the relevant bodies and ownership of the SPL share by having the newco step into oldco’s shoes before the last game of the season.
The vampire hero refuses to tell me his name. I’m three-quarters of the way through the book and I still don’t know what it is. I keep giving him names–fifteen so far. And he keeps shaking his head with a small, dangerous smile, and I know I haven’t hit upon the right one, yet. I’m beginning to think I’m going to call him He-Who-Has-No-Name. Or Fred.
Do they really think that the burning of the Quran is going to stop Muslims from being Muslims? Do they really think an entire religion is going to shut down and say, "Oh my we are scared of this preacher man Terry Jones. We should give up our religion and become Christians because that is obviously the only RIGHT religion."
Pre-season fixture 2 of 7: Saturday 6 August, Stoneham Park, Eastleigh
10. You Drive Me Oh Oh Oh
until I'm done practicing.
Gold Tank $44.99 Banana Republic Factory Store
Happy Saturday! I finished all my preparations for tomorrow's big Easter dinner, and I thought what better way to relax than to create a card. So....I went looking thru all my favorite spots in "blog-land" for some inspiration, and came upon Cath's "Tuesday Trigger" at Moxie Fab World, and it was a "Sweet Surprise".
Heat oil and butter in a shallow saute pan until sizzling. Add cod fillets (tops down) and over medium high heat cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Turn and continue to cook on other side about 2 to 3 minutes. If fish fillet does not easily release (sticks) to pan just continue to cook until it does not stick. Cooked food releases easily.
She was building our community.
Friday I received my first Christmas card of the season, one that has a very interesting and poignant history. The only time I connect with its givers is at Christmas and they always include a little letter telling of their latest family doings. This sounds very ordinary, but it has a far from ordinary beginning.
Good design can improve safety.
So I painted Rangitoto Island with the blue sky above and the sea below with water colour pencils, then stamped and collaged other images. It was OK but I thought it could be better (why are we so hard on ourselves?) Then I put it under something to flatten it....a week later I couldn't find it because I couldn't remember where I hid it.
Vaginal cones
assistance on bilateral or
How to explain this one to a 3 year old? I am sure Daddy put the candy in the door... I heard him rustling through the treat bags and the open and close of the tiny door last night before I drifted off to sleep.
Once more, the act of celebrating on the first day of the first New Moon in February is much more heavily laced with pre-Christian countryman (‘pagan’) belief than with any superimposed Church festival. At this time of year, along with the return of the Light – longer hours of sunlight and the movement of the sun’s disk rising higher daily in northern skies, it was a time to celebrate the rising of sap in trees, the first signs of birds pairing and beginning to mate; the appearance of first growth in the Earth. Snowdrops and aconites open; first shoots of daffodil and bluebell leaves appear; the Earth awakens.
Ink: VersaFine Onyx Black
I'm still much to happy on the rare occasion that a Korean band approaches Indieful ROK rather than the other way around. Thus when electronic live band The Figure8 told me about their upcoming single project that they were trying to fund it by donations I was very excited to learn more, interview style. Unfortunately my Internet-less vacation (and a social schedule much too busy upon return) came in between, but at last here it is:
Apparently none of the members had ever tried one before and it was a surprise to a few that there was any wine produced in the state at all.
*Update* Thanks everyone for all the wonderful and kind comments!
After spending about 10 seconds compulsively popping a few, I unwrapped it, and, looking like it definitely travelled a few miles to get here, was this -
I used one coat of OPI Greenwich Village and two coats of Bellsprout (CA #803) on my middle and pinky.
1 meanings
Sharpe's Battle
"No," said the saleswoman.
Whedon pulls out all the stops to make this as heartbreaking an episode as you’ll fine on TV. Things quickly start out bad for Fred and the whole episode is an orchestration to make things as unpleasant until the crescendo of awful at the end. Fantastic work from actors Amy Acker and Alexis Denisoff sell the sentiment.
The gathering at front makes me look even bigger up top.
The bodies, made for God’s glory, became bodies of humiliation. Our flesh became the expression of Satan; our flesh became the enlargement of Satan. This is quite clear in Paul’s writings where Sin in our flesh is personified.
* 1 cup grated sharp Cheddar
“Is there such a thing as One Minute Wisdom?”
I have everything basically in the new office (in stacks and piles), but I cannot commit to color or paint. Part of me wants to keep the big starburst walls, another part wants to change the color and pattern. Here is where I am at.:
So I will keep on lugging that camera around with me, because someday we might forget who took Sawyer up the chairlift for the first time. And I know we will want to remember.
Don't let this be...........
I think that Time -Lord would have been better off kidnapping Bruce Willis, have him fly up in a space shuttle and catch the damn thing, but's that just me.
Is That a Gun in Your Pocket?
Thanks again to everyone who shared a comment this month!
Fact; My favorite bands are, Asking Alexandria, Blood on the dance floor, I set my friends on fire, Bullet for my valentine, The Devil Wears Prada, Skillet, BMTH, BrokeNCYDE, My Darkest Days, Three Doors Down, Miss May I, and ALOT MORE! c’:
P.P.S. I'd love to know what you'd like to accomplish before your next birthday! Leave your list (or a link to your list) in the comments.
The Album is accompanied by quite some extras, e.g. four videos, form concerts, and one of them exclusively for the album, there are classical violin recordings (you may know that Emilie Autumn is an excellent violinist) playing songs by Bach, an excerpt of a reading of her book, an “interview” (really funny), a poem (she also wrote poems), etc.
66. Nil´s Jazz Ensemble - Hard Work (4:41)
But I -- we are just thrilled. I mean, I don't know if you can see yourselves, but I was looking out from the Residence and looking down at you all as you were spread over the South Lawn, and it was just a sight to behold. I have to say I wasn’t sure when I heard the goal of having nearly a thousand chefs on the South Lawn. I said, right, Sam, sure, whatever. (Laughter.) But you all pulled it off. And I am just so proud and honored to have you here at the White House.
Inspector General, U.S. Army/Commanding General of the
Snatch food from goggle-eyed tourists.
Stamp-front is My Pink Stamper Buggy Punnies, inside is Stampin Up
26. In The Year 2525—Zager and Evans
In my year of getting free of credit card spending I have come to learn a lot about why I spent money that I didn’t have and why I spent it on the things that I did. I had lied to myself… after all, I was making more than the minimum payments every month. I also counted on the fact that I would eventually use the equity I have accumulated in my home to pay off the debt at some point – I know, not very sound reasoning or understanding of finances… I KNOW!
* * ALL AGES!!! * *
T3 - The Elemental Keys could be about finding (a) particular artifact(s) allowing entrance (perhaps Goldenskull wasn't kept inside the Temple but safeguarded elsewhere!), and wouldn't require railroading if the characters were already (falsely) accused of 'treason' and being hunted.
Somewhere I along the way I
Surely you live where a newspaper is available, no?
Arminghall was the next village to Poringland as you go towards Norwich. Poringland was where I grew up, but Arminghall is rather a more interesting place. There are a number of interesting things about it. The most venerable is Arminghall Wood Henge, an ancient wood circle dating from the New Stone Age. There is naturally nothing left to see above the ground, and the existence of the post holes below ground were only discovered in the last century when aerial photography revealed them in ther 1920s. This must have been a place of great significance when Norwich and Venta Icenorum (i.e. the Roman regional centre at Caistor St Edmund), two other adjoining settlements which were to become in turn major towns, but were then of no importance at all.
I decided to go for a masculine card for a change as I did something so girly the first time. The details are on my blog here.
Truly. Titus' preschool held a dance competition featuring Latin bull-fighter dance, Riverdance tap, Broadway cane dance, clown dance, holstein and ballerina dance...and Titus' class was like, dweeb dance? Not sure, but at any rate their farcical costumes were priceless. They placed dead last in their division, and the head teacher texted: 虽然我们只得了三等奖， 但宝贝们表现真的很棒， 在我们心里宝贝们就是第一名！"Although we only achieved third prize, still the darlings' performance was really great; in our hearts the darlings are number one!" And so we never stop smiling at the cheesy stuff going down at preschool.
On another note .... I also found out that there could be a possibility that the foster care agency that we are licenced with could potentially complete this adoption for us which would mean it would cost us nothing. Here's what processed through my brain when I first heard of this idea. FREE? = amazing. However, I absolutely, positively do not trust this organization with this adoption. It also would require us to work/trust a different county/workers we do not know with this precious gift. Something I am not willing to do. It would also mean that our bmom would not be able to get the counseling/support of an agency that I think she could benefit from. So, although I think that a free adoption would be incredibly amazing... it's just not something that I'm worried about. I don't want to lose another adoption because of money. I don't want to lose another adoption because I allowed fear or lack of faith in God providing to get in the way. This is what I learned about where I am at in this stage of our adoption. Money/affording this adoption is no longer a fear of mine. In fact ... I don't even think about it. I know without a doubt in my heart that God has had everything taken care of from day one ... and He's not going to all of a sudden dump us in the middle of it. So ... we are staying with our agency.
Am I at Igor’s Check Point Charlie in new Orleans?
(US Participants Only for this prize.)
Our oldest little girl, Rylie started 2nd grade this year and loves it. She has really enjoyed learning how to read and can’t seem to put down her books. We are constantly saying, “Rylie, put your book down so you can…” This year she has also started tap dancing lessons and loves to click around the house. She also is in the Great Falls Children’s choir and adores it! She has performed a couple times this year already. She is such a good big sister and helper to her mom and dad. She loves going to church and reading her scriptures. She
She’s sorry for the mistake and appears before him as a beautiful blushing bride. She tells him that she loves him, wants to grow old with him and have many children. He asks where they should live and she suggests maybe an island. How about Hawaii? She compliments him for having the same idea as her and he contemplates Hawaii.
"I'm sorry," I say again.
Please accept our apologies for what you and your wife experienced on our Route 86 tram. Just as your questions are based on the predication that the police could not have possibly taken so long to respond to our call for assistance (and the cause for delay must have been within Yarra Trams), our Fleet Operator also believed that police would be available to meet with the tram in a timely manner. Regrettably in this instance, there were no police officers available to attend to the tram until 7:20pm, which contributed to the negative experience of those customers onboard the first Route 86 tram.
"Errr! I think so?!"
One, I want to underscore something both of them said, and that is, right now in America, if you have insurance, you most likely got it through your employer. And the reason is, your employer gets a deduction for you when they buy the insurance for you.
Location: Miriam college Grade School area near the Fire Tree and Macopa Tree area
Catelynn starts trying on dresses and gets silly with ugly ones. Everyone is laughing and having a good time. Catelynn comes out of the dressing room in the red dress and says, "I had my heart set on the red one.." and her mom immediately shuts her down.
So the Leftist claim that only they care about welfare and protecting the underdog is a fraud. The truth is, of course, that conservatives are interested enough in welfare to deal with the issue in all its complexity rather than seeing welfare as being just ever-increasing handouts for anybody who wants a handout. The debate described here or here sums it all up rather nicely.
Gallery Cafe - If you're popping to the Museum of Childhood, have lunch here. It is a really cute cafe with great simple food and all the money goes to charity.
Will you risk traversing the steady foundation I offer…
Year-to-date (vs. YTD, 2008), total units sold have decreased by 24.5%, the average price of sold units has decreased by 25%, the average DOM has increased by 12.4%, the total dollar volume sold has decreased by 43% and the average LP/SP ratio has remain statistically unchanged.
While Charlotte Magazine names their 25 Best Restaurants, we enjoyed dinner at the EpiCentre each night – testing out Vida Mexican Kitchen y Cantina and Blackfinn. Both delicious and right up our alley. Post-dinner entertainment was also right at our finger tips – bowling, sweets, or a selection of bars and clubs!
OK, "Contributing Writers", you don't like me and I don't like you. No big secret there. But I've been getting some major heat from Corporate lately, concerning our collective output. I try to keep it cordial around here, but I can't just turn my back and pretend I don't see you guys sitting around Illogical Contraption Branch HQ everyday, smoking cigarettes and playing Wii. It's time to fuckin' PUT IT IN GEAR. I'm burnt out, guys, and as I result I'm heading to Idaho to recharge the batteries for the next few days. While I'm gone, I expect at least one post from each of you, and excuses will not be tolerated. I've even got some suggestions to get you all moving in the right direction.
I want to know Him more, love Him more deeply, experience more of His Presence and glorify Him with every relationship He has put in my life. I want to keep Him as my highest Treasure. I want to be used by Him in the ways He chooses, not the ways I choose. I want to have confidence because I am full of faith in Him and not shrink back out of fear or insecurity. I want to be a better wife, mom, friend, etc. because I am pressing into Him more and not because I am 'trying' harder in my own strength. I want to be more aware of His great love for me and humanity!!! I want to have pure motives and a right heart. I want to TRULY walk in His ways and not slip into auto-pilot mode. I want to be dependent on Him every second of every day! I want to lift high HIS name while bowing down low at His feet and dying to my self.
On 6 Dec 1989, twenty-two years ago today, Marc Lépine murdered 14 women in the name of "fighting feminism". Twelve of these women were engineering students, another was a nursing student, and the last was a school clerk. Lépine also injured 10 more women and four men. The Montreal Massacre, or the École Polytechnique massacre, is what Canadians immediately think of when they think of school shootings, but as raincitygirl pointed out in her post, the case is not well-known outside Canada.
Please email us (addy is on the side bar)
So here is a shot of the late, great Eric Morecambe, the taller half of the legendary comedy double act that was Morecambe and Wise. They had been together since the 1940s until Eric's death in 1984. Ernie Wise passed away in 1999.
“And when I could not see for the glory of the light, being led by the hand of them that were with me, I came into Damascus.”
I then cut the boards to 80" length. Three of the widest boards measured 34.5" together.
If you find yourself invited to her table, keep you mind on the conversation and not on getting a date with her. Most women want to know what kind of person they are going out with long before they actually go out with them. Make an effort to get to know her and give her the opportunity to get to know you before diving in for a date.
My uncle lives very close to the castle...anytime I walk 'doon the toon' I pass right by it. I am looking forward to a week of Irn Bru, fish & chips with mushy peas, visits with cousins, big burly accents and Coronation Street in real time. I'll miss my guys 'sae muckle' but it will be nice to not have to cook or clean up after anyone for a few days.
Add cumin seeds to the hot oil. Then add ginger, chillies and garlic to that. After about 30 seconds, add juliennes of onion & capsicum.
.: maria :.
The summer of 2002 I did horse 4-H and the instructor told me that she couldn't believe how much I resembled my aunt Les on my horse. She said that I rode exactly like her. Les was always so friendly and always wanted to know how everyone was doing and cared about others well being so much. One memory I have of her is when I was 3 and had my surgery I remember her and my cousins coming to the hospital to see me and bringing me a toy to help cheer me up.
Soooooo here is the BEFORE of this adorable little love seat .
I wasn’t feeling much better myself. I said as much, “All I want is for things to go back to the way they were.”
* The March for Babies walk with the March of Dimes is this weekend. I'm still short of my goal and hoping for a few last minute donations to help me reach it! Please click on the banner on the right side of my blog if you can help a great cause!
Al-Qaradhawi: The conquest of Rome – the conquest of Italy, and Europe – means that Islam will return to Europe once again. Must this conquest necessarily be though war? No. There is such a thing as peaceful conquest.
I certainly need Emotional Intelligence with this one. Lots of it.
5) EMusic. Home to dozens of free downloads each month via my favorite kind of source, the record label sampler. Malcontent Mama invited me to join, earning me (and her!) 50 free downloads, and if anyone is interested in joining, I'd be delighted to make you the same deal. Coupled with ITunes, I feel more connected to what's going on in music than I have in years.
There were a couple things I got right. The surviving member of the Flat Cap gang was female, and the ailing sister of the original client was being poisoned with her own bath salts. For the rest of it, I was like Watson–trusting entirely in the Great Detective to have all the answers. Had it been another detective, would I have gone down the primrose path so merrily and without question? No. But this is Sherlock Holmes. He’s never let me down before, and although Watson’s account of Holmes is undoubtedly sentimental and humanizing (forgivable since Horowitz’s Watson is writing the adventures when he’s quite old and well on his way to the Great Adventure in the Sky, having outlived Holmes), I never questioned him. Rookie mistake.
We only live 15 minutes out of Moonta, but on a lovely day like today a morning out in Moonta feels like you are away on holidays. No trip to Moonta is complete without visiting Henry on George for a coffee - I decided to have a splurge & have an Iced Coffee with cream instead of my usual cup of tea or latte & oh my it was sensational!! Tom & Max both had Iced Chocolate - that certainly kept them quite for 5 minutes!!!
You can find the wooden wonder of oak stair railings at the corner of Whitehead Street & Caroline Street in Key West. It sits exactly across the street from Top Gun’s Kelly McGillis’ Restaurant and the Historic Pan American Airlines former headquarters.
A few months ago, we ran an effusive review of the Kim Ki-young Collection, a DVD compilation (rushed to retailers’ shelves to coincide with a retrospective in Seoul this summer) that we called the most significant release of the year (to which readers may now add Fantom Korea’s Independent Film Collection). We can now confidently assert that, when it becomes available early next year, The Housemaid will be one of the most prized releases of 2009.
GAA museum to be built in Killarney Images of orphans burned out during Civil War uncovered Fabrice Muamba: wave of sympathy for refugee who rose to Premier League Ahern promised Healy-Rae €71m for Kerry roads Big payouts for backroom HSE staff Russia refuses to pay for oil clean-up Nuns harness social media to grow vocations Household tax may be cut from pay Peter Robinson says no need for opposition referendum Muamba’s collapse triggers memories for NI families Is Michael Collins Britain’s greatest foe? Prisoners protest to be held in Derry Parade a triumph for tolerance: organisers Drums wrecked in arson attack Flute band helped teen land top musician title
Standing in front of our chopping boards at the cooking school, la cuisine Paris, we peeled potatoes for the Gratin Dauphinois, chopped apples for the Chicken Fricassée with cider and caramelized apples and learned how to spice up an old favorite like Poire Belle-Helene. Whether you're a newcomer to the kitchen or an experienced cook, you're sure to learn some invaluable culinary tips along the way. Wondering why my Gratin Daupinois is never the same as those served in French restaurants, Julie told us that we shouldn't wash the potatoes after peeling them because it removes the starch that thickens the sauce.
I had a chat with the brewer (Gregg Irwin) who is indeed a weirdy beardy as you'd expect, but a nice chap for all that. The beers are currently brewed in the brewer's home, but premises have been obtained near the Grand Union Canal in Hanwell, so yes, it is yet another London Brewery. Gregg tells me they will eventually cask, keg and bottle and will share the brewery with another brewer doing a completely different set of beer styles (think continental) to defray costs. Gregg reckons commercial brewing is 3-4 months off at present.
Congratulations girlie! Have a great time with your Target gift card!
I keep you in mind
Where in the world did they find these mannequins?
C. Does the answer to A or B depend upon whether the graphic device and the words are perceived by the average consumer as (i) being separate signs; or (ii) each having an independent distinctive role? If so, how?
3) And...a surprise too.
“To lead people, walk beside them … As for the best leaders, the people do not notice their existence. The next best, the people honor and praise. The next, the people fear; and the next, the people hate … When the best leader’s work is done the people say, ‘We did it ourselves!” -Lao-Tsu
3) Waive all application and tuition fees from students coming from Palestine and create scholarships specifically available for Palestinian students.
Can you believe it?!
And the cast members are reportedly excited by their roles in the saga:
2) Yes, we all know they drive on the wrong side of the road, but they also drive like blindfolded stunt drivers with glaucoma (don’t know how the glaucoma could make the blindfolding worse, but it sounded pretty dramatic in my head). There’s not really what we’d call “lanes” here. They are more like hypothetical suggestions of areas where you can avoid head on collisions for a little while. The only thing worse than the lane situation is trying to navigate the approximately 10,000,000 roundabouts. For those of you who don’t know, a roundabout is like a much smaller go-kart track, in which every other car is trying to run straight into you, as fast as possible. It usually, however, has some flowers in the middle. I believe they use this to trick you into trusting it as a “safe zone”, so they can then lure American drivers in for the slaughter—devilishly clever.
-Use any image you want BUT MAKE SURE YOU LINK BACK TO THE CMC CHALLENGE in your blog post!!
I’ll be giving away a puppy.
"It's ... (pant) ... for ... (pant) ... her .... choking."
In my opinion, this is one of the best library releases of Klaus Weiss. It's different than the stuff he recorded for Selected Sound and Golden Ring and features less drums, but more natural instruments, phat synths and percussion. Overall it has a very special vibe and lots of atmosphere. Enjoy this one!
“I have a dog who is ready at any time, anywhere. Tell the lady she needs to be ready for a rough treatment” is one of the replies.
- A comfortable pair of outdoor boots to go with your daywear
sometimes it's nice to spend a drizzly afternoon in bed watching dora and little bear.
In yesterday’s post, I mentioned pork steaks as a food unique to the St. Louis area … that made me so hungry for pork steaks that we got some and cooked them out on the grill. I think we’ll grill some chicken breasts today.
Anyway. Anyway… what, really? Don’t have that much to say. The posts here at the moment are quite unispiring, but I’ll turn that around when things are getting better. Now it’s time finish my trip to Wonderland, and then perhaps watch Disco Pigs. ♥
5) Looked into a local fitness center and purchased a heart monitor (the polar FT7).
First up is another old tool box I bought at the flea market
You’re my everything I I need you in my life girl
For my card, I used heat embossing on a piece of canvas and then covered it with Distress Stain and Glimmer Mist. (I used the wheel image and the thank you sentiment on the canvas) I then stamped the card image on kraft and embossed in black.
I'll link you up to the one I used, instead.
I am one of those people that feel that please and thank yous are good things to say. To me it shows respect and appreciation of others. However, I don't want my girl to say thank you as a mechanical response because I enforce it.
7. On the pipe
Meanwhile, in Australia, the by-now-Edinburgh-Fringe-veteran comedian Eric has been having his sleep patterns disturbed by his new baby Erica. This is not a dream. More a welcome nightmare.
Paper: Maja design, bazzill cardstock
I couldn’t blame them. If they could read my mind right now, they’d probably be too overwhelmed by the amount of curses I know and the negative thoughts I’ve been reeling in for such a long time that they would be dead before hearing my inner voice say shit.
I made two one-hour videos for the project, one for guests to watch and the other to be projected onto their backs, and I and my sig. other and 80+ friends made or scavenged costumes, props (including 200 wedding veils and more than 650 flat paper flowers) and set decor (including thousands of yards of used videotape), shot lots of video and photos of the event, and threw a big party.
“The United States is in a state of undeclared War by this Marxist system” per Yuri Bezmenov!
The martyrdom operations which I approve are the ones that target the occupiers. That is why I sanctioned martyrdom operations in Palestine. When I was asked, in London, how I could permit martyrdom operations in Palestine, I said that they are a necessity, because these people want to defend themselves, the things that are holy to them, and their land. I said to them: “You want them to stop the martyrdom operations? Then give them Apache helicopters, planes, tanks, and missiles, and then they will abandon martyrdom operations.” They do not have bombs, so they turn themselves into human bombs. This is a necessity.
The list is HUGE – How does God run His kingdom, those are the laws that we as believers, sons and daughters, those of the household of faith are to be living by.
1 pruning
And it goes beyond the games. I love watching the cartoons. That’s some good quality television. Shit, I gladly chose to watch Pokemon over Lost. Pokemon makes more sense and seems to be better thought out anyway.
Things are changing .. .
It’s different for me, I suppose. Standing here gazing out over the green and gold plains, lifting myself to the snow and the sun.
to women, they're always portrayed as women AND as people. I
When Man Bo goes home to get Chi San’s clothes, he runs into Park Ha and Yi Gak and fills them in. This means they go to the hospital, Se Na sees them arrive together and she gets jealous as always. Yi Gak for his part, thanks Se Na for her help which only causes Park Ha to get jealous. It’s funny how Yi Gak is the focal point of a love triangle he’s unaware of.
- R. W. Emerson
I find that the dusting of the corn meal or bread crumbs stick better to what you are frying or sautéing… I frequently will batter fish with beer batter… it’s my batter of choice.
I am sorry that Julius Malema and other similar idiotic motormouths who have so much hate in their brains that they have no room left for thought make my devotion to the idea that no one is different because of arbitrary reasons waver. I know everyone should be judged on merit, but it's hard to take the high road when you have BS rammed down your throat on a daily basis.
I have many faults but being a bitch is not one of them. I don’t understand how people can be so two-faced and mean. They will literally be lovely to someone’s face and then spit poison about them two seconds later.
On another subject..........i am so wanting to scrap,i've been passing my desk daily and wanting to play with my scrap stuff ,but no time.I need to get organized and get scrapping before the feeling goes away again.So look out for some LOs in the near future!!!
So my plan for the next two weeks is to work on the SFX transitions, and complete Minos. I will be pondering on how our animation will flow well, and will be testing wonderful and exciting things. Alllriiight.
A crack of light (aglow) frames an entrance
for labeling bins! Brilliant idea!
My plan to mold a pre-made pie crust into smaller pieces to fit into muffin tins failed. Naturally, the dough tore when I tried to shape it. Why did I think that would work? Left with pie crust shreds, I abandoned that idea and baked the entire thing as a pie – a butter pie – which required a longer baking time since the contents’ dimensions changed. I’d already screwed up the filling. The recipe specified using table syrup that contained 15% maple syrup. When I ran out of the corn syrup I bought bulk at a natural grocer, I substituted half a cup more maple, which threw everything else out of whack and left maple syrup pooled at the bottom of the pan, encasing the pastry in an amber-colored gel. Then I ran out of brown sugar, so I added more granulated white in its place. After an hour in the oven at 375 degrees, my pie was cloyingly sweet. I ate half of a slice and nodded off while reading forty minutes later, from the sugar buzz.
My father’s idea that culture is worthy of effort, that if you do not immediately like a piece of music or a painting you should spend time with it and seek to appreciate it, rubbed off on me. I enjoy Bartok string quartets (yes, really) and while I found Bach sonatas for solo violin unlistenable at first, now they are a source of wonder and delight. In the Summer I was 18, I was staying with my grandmother in Greater London, and went to the Tate. It was the air conditioning that tempted me in to the Blake, but I stayed for the images. All human life is here, and a new, complete mythology. I saw the edge of one dark picture in a brilliant blue, and read how this part was covered in a frame- the rest of the picture is faded by sunlight. Oh, to see them as they were, once!
Liverpool 3
6. Take skirt off, flip it right side in, and voila! Your new skirt is done.
Cuisine: Cheesecake, chocolate mousse and raspberries
05-Phantoms-Green Onions.mp3
Total count? 112.
Living across country from one another, out of millions of choices, we once sent the same Christmas card.
Nate is on spring break this week, so I gave him a choice about today. He could either go to Bekah's again with Georgia, which he loves, or he could go to work with me for the morning and then come to the doctor appointment to see if he was having a baby brother or sister. He chose the second! So this morning he came to work and sat beside me at the conference table coloring like it was his job. He started acting up and getting really whiny several times and I almost regretted bringing him. But he perked up with a peanut butter sandwich and an apple on the way to the appointment. We met daddy there.
Look at the way we do things in our churches. Why do we do them that way? Why do our churches today look so unlike the churches in the first century when the apostles were spreading the message for the first time?
This game is a good one to play with your preschoolers. It's not one mine can do on his own yet, because he's not able to read and choose the correct level of play for himself, but he loves playing it with me.
Process the vegetables in a food processor – you want them really nice and small (so you don’t know they’re there! If you have kids – or male flatmates – this is a great way to hide veges) and then fire them into the pot/wok/saucepan too. Add the stock (if you’re doing version 1, you’ll just have one cup remaining – that’s OK). Add the beans and the garlic, then stir in the spices and the brown sugar and bring to the boil.
Wednesday Night is Seniors Night – $2 off dinner buffet for age 60 yrs and over (starting at 5pm). A great meal, fantastic choices, soups, appetizers, entrees, salad, desserts all at one price.
Experienced runners know that the only way to increase their speed and stamina is to do “interval training”, so, I’ll finish by saying, if you haven’t even heard of this type of training, then this really proves your lack of experience, so ask yourself, is running really an appropriate activity for me, right now?
About Price Genealogy
Here are a few reasons why mobile ministry is so important:
This will be my space to share inspiring words, beautiful things, creative Super Humans, and anything else I might find and feel will help change the world.
As Mike noted above, we occasionally throw together a beer suicide with the leftovers of the beers we've reviewed at a roundtable. And wouldn't you know it, we ended up with a little bit of each Jewbelation left in each bottle. So we poured the leftovers into a single glass to build our own version of Vertical Jewbelation. Our apologies to Shmaltz, but we couldn't resist.
IMPLICATIONS: retailers will need to clearly identify the key areas for active consumption. Enabling the consumer to create needs to be applied both, online and offline, from design to selling.
(audience hysteria)
I'll save the Yokohama IPA for another time (read: in about 10 minutes).
I stood in a crowd at an amusement park wishing I could ride the carousel but I didn’t have any money. A man pressed a dime into my hand, which enabled me to ride. I chose a white horse with a beige mane. When the music started we went once and a half around, and then he took off flying, with me on his back. We headed toward Washington D.C., but on the way we passed my college roommate. I asked her what time it was and she told me, “Six o’clock.” When we got to D.C., we went immediately to the Lincoln Memorial. No one else was in it. I stayed upon my horse, and we were silent, in awe of this beautiful sculpture. I noticed one tear falling down his long face. After a time, he turned and we flew home. He dropped me off at the front door of my house. I went in, and my mother was standing at the kitchen sink washing blueberries.
That was enough to hook me. The story, with it’s strange format of future texts, autobiography and storyline, as well as asshole jocks and crazy religious mothers and a protagonist with zits and a weight problem, kept me turning the pages. And the ending? It was so much more than I expected. The payoff was mind-blowing.
Well I thought ya know I really want help learning how to process my pictures better so I signed up for a class thru BIG PICTURE CLASSES. I saved up for a class titled PHOTO FINISH by Elisha Snow.
I found this little pink photo album for a baby's christening. My son just had a reversal on his vasectomy, and hoping to have a baby with his new wife. I told him I supported them as long as they had me a baby girl!! LOL.
79-80 Scout DRAGON 161
Favourite Number: 3. That is my name in numerology.
Near you and that she also miss you.
"Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest." Matthew 11:28 NIV84
trast
"Of course, the idea sounds good at first and is, in a sense," rejoined young Murphy, removing his collegiate briar from his mouth long enough to propound a thought. "The big difficulty would be that, from above, the plane would be perfectly visible not only because of reflection but because of the obstruction of the light rays striking the bottom of the 'invisible' plane. It would be a dumb pilot who wouldn't recognize the outlines of a plane below him, since, of course, the landscape below would be cut off from observation by the material part of the wings and fusilage. Matter moving at such a slow rate would not be at all permeable to light rays."
Easily remove unwanted objects from photos on Android, iOS – TouchRetouch is an app for Android and iOS that will allow you to remove unwanted objects from your photos. Those shadows on the ground? Gone. Poor placement of a finger on the camera lens? No problem. Here’s how to get started:
It may well be worth considering picking up your kids from school and also looking out for kids whose parents cant get to pick their kids up.
This inspirational nod towards the future was then followed by a wonderful performance called "Time Travelling in Polish Literature," in which the actors Henry Goodman and Beverley Klein read excerpts from Jewish literature which were interspersed with live Klezmer music. I am an unabashed fan of Klezmer, or "Yiddish" music. Yesterday's combination of violin, accordian and tuba played new arrangements of this folk music and drew us deeply into the feelings of joy, wonder, sadness that the readings portrayed. Whether the author was a nineteenth century Rabbi or a displaced European Jew on Ellis Island in the 1970's, the literature all had that voice of humour and pathos which can be heard throughout a century of Jewish Polish literature. There is a self-deprecating humour and a fearless imagination that pervades this literature, and the musicians and actors brought it to life brilliantly. I left feeling nostalgic for the stories of my grandparents, the cadence of their self-taught English and proud of this tradition that I too often ignore.
Ozzy is a labrador & german sheppard mix and he's 12 weeks old. We adopted him from Gateway Pet Guardians, an amazing foster parent program. If you're thinking of adopting a pet, please keep this amazing organization in mind.
The next set was marked by uneven play from the American team. Rogers recieved most of the serves, therefore, he had to carry the offensive load. Team Brazil never served to Dalhausser because of his sheer size, 6’9″ and power. Brazil won the second set 21-17, though based on the demeanor Team USA was too worried.
The big problem comes down to the film being so depressing. Tragic things happen to Rocky in every one of the movies, but he has always overcome them to achieve a considerable measure of happiness and success. Y the end of Rocky V, he is I his mid-40’s, broke, and brain damaged after a redneck street brawl. The end. Rocky V does not cap off the series. It gives it the finger.
Its why
and to me this suggests
In an earlier New York Times op-ed piece in response to cutbacks in New York State’s pension plan for public workers, Ghilarducci calls upon the states to create public pension plans for all workers:
Sure, this will start out on tests. It will feel public approval, then be instituted elsewhere. The same is for government mandated healthcare. If the government can make you purchase health insurance, then it can make you purchase anything; and if the government can ban certain words, then all words are in danger of being not only banned, but criminalized.
--Proverb
'is a copy [of Miffy], I think. I don't like that at all. I always think, "No, don't do that. Try to make something that you think of yourself".'It came as no surprise to anyone then that Mr Bruna would eventually bring an action against Sanrio. Proceedings were brought in The Netherlands by Mercis Media BV (Mr Bruna's copyright management firm) on 26 August 2010. Mercis Media alleged that Sanrio's Cathy character infringed the copyright and trade marks of its Miffy character. Mercis Media sought a provisional disposition order for suspension of the manufacture and sale of Cathy character items and other terms.
It’s Wednesday, half-way to the weekend. But, oh – you already have some fun options you might get into come Friday. Or, maybe you know who you wanna be with but not what you’d want to do.
Our first example is project SCARLET, an extraordinary group of people who are using junaio to link augmented information to primary texts and resources at University of Manchester. With junaio, students can bring outside information into their study of special collections materials that would otherwise be difficult to access due to the limited availability and delicate nature of the materials (these things can be hundreds of years old!).
The study led by professor Poulain from Belgium and Dr Salaris from the University of Cagliari in Italy also found that men live as long as women in the municipality of Villagrande which boast the shortest population of the island’s 14 municipalities.
Every recession ushers in a rising tide of poverty. As jobless and underemployed people struggle to make ends meet, the nouveau poor swell the ranks of the déjà poor… if past recessions are any guide, between 750,000 and 1.8 million more Canadians will be counted as poor before recovery is complete.
Since returning home from the writer’s conference, my mind has been muddled with everything I learned, and I have accomplished little to put the ideas into action. Yesterday I read a blog, “Live Uncaged,” by Mary DeMuth, a Christian author and speaker that I met at the conference, titled: “5 Ways to Rejuvenate Today.” To “uncage” your life, she suggests: (1) Set aside a day each week to rest; (2) Cultivate spiritual disciplines through silence and solitude; (3) Indulge in a life-giving hobby; (4) Invest in quarterly retreats; and (5) Hang out with friends who are outside of your work responsibilities.
~Robert Oliver Luce, 01-13-12
She waits outside for more.
Bull & Bush Pub & Brewery Saison De Suitcase
occasionally but once in a while am left to my own devices and creative ability. My layout below
Happy Tuesday!! Ok, who stayed up late with me to watch the Expression 2 launch on HSN? Wasn't that fun?? I even saw one of Wendy's birthday layouts on there - woohoo!! So far, they have announced 2 winners of the design challenge contest. So the rest of us will have to bite our nails til tomorrow. And speaking of winners - don't forget to leave a comment today for a chance to win the Elegant Cakes cartridge. It is gorgeous and will work in any Cricut - not just the Cake machine!
“I went to see Dr. Buckman in his office. I asked him what he thought about the ethics of using children in an LSD experiment. At first, he didn’t seem to realize who I was. I identified myself as one of his ‘subjects’ and gave him my business card as a Medical Ethicist and lawyer. He was clearly shocked, stood up, refused to talk to me and told me to leave his office. Shortly thereafter, I received a phone call from my father. His brother, the psychiatrist and colleague of Dr. Buckman, had been alerted to my impromptu visit. Subsequently, both my uncle and my father threatened me, saying they would make sure I lost my university faculty position if I disclosed anything publicly about the LSD experiments in London.
6. The biggest news of all: I FOUND A PUBLISHER FOR MY BOOK!!! Or rather, he found me! My next-to-last portfolio review was with David Drake, Director of Ffotogallery in Cardiff, Wales, UK. Ffotogallery not only mounts exhibitions and offers classes for university credit, but publishes books of photography. In our 20 minutes together in Houston and in recent emails and a long Skype visit since returning home, it has become clear that David is totally committed to publishing Falling Into Place: Self Portraits. He believes in the quality of my photographs and the importance of the message. David is projecting the book will be released in about a year and hopes to host the Book Launch at the first Cardiff International Festival of Photography in May 2013, the festival he and Ffotogallery are organizing. Yes, we still need to raise the funds to produce the book but David is confident we can do it. I keep pinching myself to make sure I am not dreaming.
They drive up towards Eden valley, into the upper Barossa and then turn right and head back south. There, E@L sees some more of those fields of long (not that long) grasses passing up the slopes of low rising hills. These paddocks are demarcated with lines of evergreen trees, is it oak (E@L is not a treeologist, not a character in Murray Bail's Eucalyptus), used along the fence lines as wind breaks. The lines of these trees going up the hill and over the other side have from this angle, a curve, like a side-resting woman's thigh, up over her hip; it really is entrancing, particularly if you are already feeling horny and drowsy.
I have answered to my best ability. The storm is getting stronger, a clap of thunder. The dogs run to me, as they run to me, run to Ann.
“The principal of St. John’s Lutheran School was fired this weekend for espousing the shocking doctrine that maybe the church is in error and men don’t have total authority over women. Is that equality I hear? Scandalous! We can’t have our children exposed to such disturbing arguments.”
I stitched this set of Delft tiles for my mother-in-law a couple of years ago because she has lots of blue and white china in her kitchen. They were pretty quick stitches and the designs were from one of the stitchy mags.
Don't you need a sketch, especially for a Chrismas card? This is our last sketch of the year and In2Stamps is hosting this month's challenge. You could win a 10,00 euro gift voucher for the store and WOW there is some sweet stuff there!
They have used the military and police force to prevent freedom of the press.
While I sat there I was thinking about Scripture. I was thinking about John who, by the end of the Revelation, is also thinking about a city that has come into his view.
PENNY MARSHALL is really getting the swing at being a TV super-star. When she and hubby, ROB REINER got in a heavy argument recently at a Hollywood restaurant, Penny slammed a piece of lemon meringue pie in his face and shouted, "I don't have to take this, I'm a damn star!" Gee whiz, is ugly really in?
"Staff, " she began, "we can't have anymore sex tonight."
Already March!! Where did February go?
CBA goals met? Partly
In honor of Mother's Day being Sunday I wanted to share this awesome article I read. So many things I want to remember to teach Sterling on character and how to be a good, kind, and giving person. I think even us adults can learn from it (heck I know I did).
We hiked up far into the mountain in search for a waterfall. Our trek was unsuccessful in that sense, but we made it fun by playing games and talking, not to mention the killer view we had at the end, that in itself was a nice reward. The campsite was mostly populated with the invasive, exotic species of pine and eucalyptus, and the mountain side had mostly tannin rich acacia trees with a bright orange bark. As usual the hike back down seemed half as long as the hike up! We had some good laughs when a few of us got ankle deep in mud in the deceiving valley that was just at the base of the mountain.
The memory was still enough to cause a sob to catch at the back of her throat.
It’s difficult to sit and write when all that beauty is calling. Sadly, there won’t be many springlike days. We are already crowding into summer. Can anyone seriously doubt climate change is upon us?
R)Resourcefulness
Dear Fellow Fast Blinker,
City Press calculated that Malema needed at least a salary of R123 000 per month to sustain his lavish lifestyle. His salary from the ANC is rumoured to have been R50 000 or less per month.
Oh, and for those of you who know what I’m talkin’ about:
MIDDLETOWN, RI __ I know that I am a few days early, but soon — in fact, this Sunday — we will begin Autumn, my favorite of all the seasons. Although this is the season when the fruits of summer and spring are harvested and consumed, I always loved the rustle of the stirring leaves, the first brisk gales of the fading year, and the power that October sunshine can have casting hues of blue and azure upon the hills and waters surrounding us here on Aquidneck Island.
It just happened. It just... happened.
The initial story was that a babysitter/nanny had taken the child and possibly left the country. However, a foul odor that was witnessed by the childs grandmother left police to believe that there was some sort of foul play. Casey Anthony lead the world to believe that the child was indeed kidnapped, despite Cadaver dogs touching on several sites around the property. Those that were interested in this case were thrown for a loop as the story began to unfold.
A better option: say hello to your shiny little friend, the potato ricer! Place the mesh strainer over a bowl, then open your ricer and fill it to nearly full with niyog. Hold it over the strainer and bowl, and firmly press the grated coconut, letting the milk run through the strainer to catch stray pieces, until no more liquid comes out. Scoop the wrung out coconut into a separate bowl and repeat until all of the freshly grated niyog have been pressed.
I’m still giddy about receiving the 7×7 Link and Versatile Blogger Awards, so imagine my surprise when I found out I’ve been given two more blog awards! Leila on Write Am I was kind enough to pass the Sunshine Award to my blog last week. If you haven’t visited Leila’s blog, it really is worth a click. She has a delightful sense of humor, which she expresses through images, poetry, and fantastic posts about the writing process. Her blog was also a recipient of the Sunshine Award and it is very deserving! For her to consider my blog worthy of the same simply blows me away.
This fortunate gal had a generous friend that had a couple rolls of wallpaper left over from one of her projects, that she gifted me, and I had been eagerly waiting to use it. So I did!
I will admit to a certain sentimental attachment to the American Musical Theater, although I feel, given the quality of the musicals for which I care, there is no reason for apology. Most of my friends who cannot comprehend my love of this genre have perhaps never seen a musical comedy before 1970, when the genre, as far as I'm concerned, almost died. The handful of good musicals since that time have been so few (most of them composed by Stephen Sondheim) that one might almost say that the form has died out. Today, except for revivals, musical comedy is for audiences who like songs consisting of three memorable notes, repeated through chorus upon chorus of driveling lyrics sung at very high decibels. But then, we do, from time to time, have wonderful revivals of the older works of this genre that remind us of what the musical theater was all about.
4-Peel and mash boiled potato and add it to eggplant.
Poor girl. I really put her through it. :)
Arguments for could start with pointing to the fact that there is a continuity of state structures such as tax offices, army, hospitals etc and thus this is really the same state under a different name. Arguments against would point to the undemocratic nature of the previous system and thus how accountability can not be placed upon the public at large.
See here is a solution an it involves no tax rises what so ever, or restrictions on anyone. If someone is found drunk, then treat them an also nick them for being drunk and disorderly. The laws are already there on the statute books, a fine from PC plod and a hangover is the result.
guess what that makes me today?
Is there anyone who is not concerned with their finances these days? Part of the problem for many is what some call “financial literacy” and it is the subject of Claudio M. Ghipsmann’s new book, Making Bank: The Personal Finance Lessons They Never Taught Us in School, ($15.95, Bridgeway Books, softcover). The author, a former Wall Street executive, believes that part of the present U.S. economic crisis is due to a lack of education regarding the conduct of one’s financial affairs, whether it involves securing a mortgage, deciding on a retirement plan, or just establishing a weekly or monthly budget to confirm with one’s earnings. This can be seen in the many cases of personal debt reflected in TV commercials offering to reduce it or to create a payment plan. The author says that financial literacy means economic stability, can improve your personal financial future, show you how to manage debt, and to avoid real estate traps. This is, to say the least, a very timely book. While on the subject of money, you are likely to find Lars Kroijer’s book very entertaining. It’s Money Mavericks: Confessions of a Hedge Fund Manager ($36.99, Financial Times Prentice Hall) just out this month. As the founder and CEO of Holte Capital, the author took a fledgling London-based hedge fund from nothing to investing about $1 billion within five years. It took a combination of ambition, courage, naivety, hubris, perseverance, hard work, and luck. What makes this book appealing is the way he explains both the simple and complicated truths about hedge funds, including why they have gotten an unsavory reputation. For anyone seeking some real insight regarding hedge funds, specialists in asset management, this book does an excellent job. This is a peek inside the often turbulent world of investing.
I decided to start looking for Necchi machines in August. Wonder of wonders, there was a lovely Nora (which I'm sure you're tired of hearing about) in the next city over. It took two long weeks of coordinating schedules with the former owner, but Nora finally came home to live with me on my birthday.
Murray on Mary Tyler Moore
I reached for my trusted Copic markers to colour this gorgeous digital image from Make It Crafty...this is Elven Ardella. I have to say that ever since Zoe released this stamp, I have been itching to colour her up. :) She is available as a digital stamp or in red rubber for those who prefer traditional stamps. The greens used to colour her were all pulled from this fantastic KaiserCraft paper (Blae and Ivy). For embellishments, I used a Martha Stewart border punch, a flourish cut with an MFT die, a small Prima rose, a couple of leaves, pearl sprays and machine stitching to finish it off. All paper edges were sponged with Bundled Sage and Walnut Stain Distress Inks.
One of the factors for determining willfulness is whether the accused infringer has a "substantial," "legitimate," or "credible" defense to the patentee's claims. Thus, a substantial noninfringement defense, even if unsuccessful, may be sufficient to defeat a willful infringement finding. Likewise, credible invalidity arguments can support a finding of no willfulness. And other potential defenses, such as the existence of a license, may prevent a willfulness finding as well.
I could probably write a little bit more but I still have to review Glee from last night plus do my “Song of the Day” post so I’ll draw my rantings about Bleach to a close. We began the Soul Society arc the second that Rukia ran away from Ichigo’s house and three volumes later, I’m still enjoying this story. Maybe things will change when we actually reach the Soul Society, but I’ve even enjoyed the scenes that I’ve read that have occurred there. There’s this interesting feudal Japan thing going on that lends it an air of mystery (at least to me as a non-Japanese person), and there are certainly bad guys and good guys in the group. The series teased us that Renji was the real psycho of his duo but we’re quickly learning that title (of villain if not psycho) goes to Byakuya, and that there might be people within the Soul Society that are even worse than him. Tite Kubo keeps crafting a really cool world and as long as this world remains interesting and I keep learning awesome new things about it, I’ll keep giving this series my attention.
This gown doesn't fit into any of this year's trends, but isn't it gorgeous? It takes the right kind of body to pull off a gown like that, but Camila Alves did (Mathew McConaughey's date)
But I remember piling into my car with friends to head out to the hookah bar near campus. Even though my car was normally trashed and filled with laundry that I had done a few days beforehand at my parents' house (don't judge), we always took mine. I was the only regular smoker and it came down to this; we take my car, or I'll smoke in yours.
Over the years I have also been lucky to have had several of my designs published in the Australian magazine Embroidery and Cross Stitch and in a book produced through the Guild called Lagartera Embroidery and Stitches from Spain, published in 2003.
Pocahontas: Confession, it’s been awhile since I’ve seen this one and the details are blurry. But I do remember that Pocahontas is brave, that she saved John Smith’s life, and in the sequel saves her entire tribe from war with the British.
Eat lunch at Frenchie. Frenchie has become so successful that they don't even serve lunch anymore. As for getting a dinner reservation at this point, I can just forget it. Do I care? Not really. I've eaten quite enough recently!
Michele Bachmann: Mr. President, what are we going to do about the gay issue? We have to keep to our campaign promises.
The real value of the information gained from the webbot project comes through in the ability of the decoder to make sense of that information.
Obama wants to strike a deal well before August 2, when the Treasury Department says it will no longer be able to honor its obligations and issue new bonds without breaching the limit that Congress set on how much the United States can borrow.
Here is picture of the scarves, and a close up so you can see the flower-ish pattern.
- You can contribute up to $330,000 for a single beneficiary
But I'll still rush on without a rest.
I have seen the faces of reverse mentoring. They are different colors and shapes and sizes and they are all awesome.
They would know what it meant to meet their maker, to meet the reaper, not a person, not breathing or even rotting. The reaper that sat in his hand. They would know what it meant then. When the dark barrel was pointed into their face and they were force to look into the darkness of their death.
Cricut hands- hand cut
He is amazed every week that I know the words and definitions plus I correct some of his pronunciations. It makes me feel good to be looked up to in this way.
to come and go as you please, stopping in to create when the spirit moves you.
games of chance
A: Run strong with intensity, but don’t race – Ran every step of the race, again
Although it was later described as ‘Dior inspired’, the dress had been made using a McCall’s ‘Easy To Sew’ pattern, previously modelled by Grace in their magazine.
She knows not what the curse may be,
Shamen Make it mine UK
A friend and I went up to the University, then took a picnic lunch down to the lake, then walked a way around it through paperbark and banksia forests. There’d been a big fire there a couple of years ago, so it probably wasn’t as thick as it normally would be. It explains why so many of the banksias were tall and thin rath that old and spread.
On the way back to the sister's home we noticed this lawn covered in tiny flowers.
11And when the people saw what Paul had done, they said in a loud voice, in the language of Lycaonia, The gods have come down to us in the form of men.
- No icing, the cake can still be excellent, depending on the quality.
BLING-abilites:
Athanasius’s life can be summed up in the phrase de decretis (“Defending the Nicene Creed”). Athanasius’ main opponent was Arian, who charged that Jesus was not eternal but was created and therefore could not be God (p. 175). After Nicaea, Emperor Constantine tried to order Bishop Athanasius to readmit Arius to the church but Athanasius refused, for Arius rejected the Nicene principle of homoousios (the Father and Son were of the same substance), which Arian rejected (p. 178). For Athanasius, this was not simply a matter of semantics. “The Incarnate Christ had to be fully man and fully God in order to lift human beings back into God’s life” (p. 182). Orthodox evangelicals are indebted to Athanasius for articulate responses and tremendous courage as he stood against the world in the fight for truth (p. 183).
you know, i should have driven the 4 hours up to atlanta and picked him up there! we could have just spent the night and driven home on saturday.
For those about to rock, we salute you!
Cell: 864-901-4741
For my first card today I used the MFT Stamps PI Policewoman stamp set. The layout of this card uses the SFYTT sketch for March (better late then never hehe). For the panel on the right side of my card I used the Die-namic Fishtail Flags Stax. The sentiment is stamped onto a circle cut using the Die-namics Circle Stax 1 & then layered onto one of the Die-namics Mini Doily Circles … these are the perfect size for sentiments!!!!!
(pb; 2011: novella)
I consider myself incredibly lucky. This book wasn't even on my radar, despite some glowing reviews, when Simon & Schuster sent it through to me. Thanks to them, I've had my eyes opened to a truly thrilling world of the Sidhe courts and mysteries unsolved.
Now, there will be a bunch of people auditing for the talent show, all of them doing, let’s say, unique stuff. Stuff like, performing a French play, beat boxing, telling the lamest jokes out there… Who lets these kids in?
Mom: "How come?"
When someone sets a ridiculous goal in my face, I can't help but want to make it happen. It's like a drug. Maybe I just like a challenge, despite my whining. Take my stupid insurance, for example. Oh, I could stick it to the man, cheat, take the fine like a tough girl.
Finally, I thought too of saying that Robyn’s Body Talk albums is 2010′s most precious thing. I want to implore everyone to download it since it’s one of those albums they don’t make available in CDs in 3rd world nations, and I think it is really so good. You really, really should hear it. It’s the best. Do you remember 90s singer Robyn? Do You Really Want Me Am I Really Special and Show Me Love? It would have been so gratifiying to win P3000 GC at its expense by saying at 500 words or less, about how much I wanted to give 2010 a blow job for giving birth to Body Talk.
In cooking notes written in the English language, published in the 1700’s, there was a dish of potatoes sliced into long thin pieces (a kitchen knife technique known as “Frenching”) and fried in hot oil until crisp. The dish was documented as “fried frenched potatoes”. In defense of the folks at that time, cooking was very much an oral tradition even with trained chefs.
"19th Nervous Breakdown" was a #2 hit in the United States, and made it all the way to #1 in the UK. You've heard it a thousand times, and what you hear is what you get -- so I'm keeping this post short. Suffice it to say that it's the best song ever written with the number "19" in the title. (Yes, I'm familiar with "Hey Nineteen" by Steely Dan.)
Figures from the Met Office suggest Britain has endured its wettest April since records began more than a century ago in 1910.
The way nonduality is useful to a person is that it exposes a perspective which makes living life more effective, more spare, more direct, more natural.
Even his face at another age, more miserable…
7 Lanky 1:36 May 14, 1968 Part Two
YOU AND I
They have a rich source of material to choose from but last night concentrated on their two epic concept albums The Book of Invasions and The Tain, which also contain their best-known songs – Trouble, Sword of Light, Power and the Glory and Dearg Doom.
This was the second time I got dressed as the first time I got a migraine and went back to bed.
When I was a teenager and very besotted with a guy, my Aunt Janet looked me square in the eye and said “Are you going to be somebody or are you going to be somebody’s girl?”
So there I was alone with the bar, having peeled back its papery outer cover, and found my eyes roving over it’s rectangular chocolatey form, about to begin my journey of sugary titillation. Needless to say, I devoured the thing of beauty, and enjoyed every bite. A real treat to eaten consumed in moderation!
I'm glad you came by to visit.
The final step is “true understanding, which is never a result of ascetic reasoning, but of contemplative intuition,” Benedict said.
The Cheney attacks, we were convinced, were a total waste. The notion that somehow they were going to turn the low-key amiable Dick Cheney into a hated figure was preposterous. It wasn’t going to work. The guy you saw on television on Meet the Press came across as eminently reasonable; plus, the press liked Cheney. They weren’t going to participate in some feeding frenzy to demonize him. The attacks were based on votes Cheney had cast years earlier as a congressman and as attacks go, they were awfully weak stuff. First, nobody outside of Wyoming even knew that Dick Cheney had been a congressman. To the extent he had a public profile, it was as defense secretary during the Gulf War. So, first the Dems had to educate people that he had been a congressman, then convince people he had done terrible things as a congressman, then try to establish why this mattered fifteen years later and, by the way, forget about the Dick Cheney you came to respect and admire during the Gulf War.
Publisher: Macmillan Audio
So anyways, if you’re interested, registration is open until August 10. There’s a 400 meter dash for 10 year old children and below, 3km, 5km, 10km and 16km. There is also a group category running at 10km or 16km. I decided to make a group and we’d all run the 10km race. I’ve never tried running that far… but… it’s for a good cause! I’ll try my best to finish it! To fellow runners out there… any tips that’ll help keep me going and not faint in the middle of the run? I seriously need them!
And trying, at first casually, then slightly worried, frantically, desperately, and devastatingly, numbingly.
In the meantime, some things are still up in the air about leaving San Diego and moving to Hong Kong, but will sort themselves out in the coming months.
vintage magazines
A journey that has encompassed innumerable drafts, five-and-a-half years of my life, and an accidental trip around the world is finally over.
SUNDAY SHIMMY SHOWCASE begins on most Sundays at 5:30 p.m. at Viento y Agua Coffee House in Long Beach at 4007 East 4th Street; 562-434-1182. Occasionally we have Saturday showcases beginning a bit later. Please refer to the detailed schedule below for more information.
wheel-barrows, car seats, cupboards in trees . . .
Another holiday discovery, Chocciato was a surprise find. After an hour and half of gruelling Skiing lessons on Mount Ruapehu, my husband, sister and I trudged on slush, skid on thin ice and climbed up the small set of steep wooden steps to reach the cozy warm Bar & Restaurant that had both indoor and outdoor seating areas.
“Do not be conformed to the world.” Romans 12:2
Not a single Senator voted against this amendment, which was voted on soon before the entirety of S.1867 was passed, despite the hollow threats of a veto from the Obama White House.
Conrad Williams – Exit Sounds
You're excited. I just know it.
The judging will take place at Lancaster Town Hall on March 1st – and we have vacancies for judges.
Whether Majors was born gay or chose that lifestyle isn’t the issue. If Brett Major is a lover of the Scriptures, he will want to do what the Scriptures say. The Scriptures indicate homosexuality is a sin. A Christian will not want to (at least intellectually) sin more because of the reality that Jesus Christ bore their sins. Metaphorically speaking, sinning more and more is like continuing to pound the nails into the hands and feet of our Savior as He’s on the cross. A follower of Christ will not want to do that. In the book of 1 John, this is written:
I will make these again and again, changing the jam and mixing in different spices. I hope u will try these and make new combination of flavors.
I gently mixed it back into an all milky colored liquid using a hand whisk. Next time I checked, there was less of a separation, and I again gently swirled the lot with a whisk. I mixed twice in about two hours then left it in the fridge.
Congratulations Susie, your card is gorgeous and we adore your huge snowflake.
News Conference will be held in Booth C2852.
It is a truly ridiculous list. The only thing more ridiculous would have been showing it to my girlfriend…
My heart goes out to the ones who can’t help themselves and shame on me for my dirty, dirty little secrets………. hidden!
No, I’m really OK being by myself. But am I supposed to become happy knowing no one LOVES me? I’m not talking family love, I’m talking – intimate love. The love I don’t have. How do I become content with that? How do I accept that? I just want to be special to someone who is special to me.
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
The confirmed itinerary for Scars on Broadway's North American tour is as follows:
We'd encountered noone in the hallways on our way in...I was alone, as far as I knew.
Whole grains, vegetables, fruits, and legumes contain no cholesterol and are low in fat, especially saturated fats. They are also high in fiber and other nutrients. Vegans say there are several plant based foods that are good sources of protein, such as beans, peanuts, and soya."
-1 packet taco seasoning
For those reasons and probably a lot more that aren’t on the list I’ve struggled to lose weight. If you had asked me two years ago if I could lose 40 pounds and keep it off for a year I would have told you were nuts. If you had told me that I’d be able to run a mile (or two) I would have laughed my fat ass off. The truth is once I figured out that losing weight isn’t HARD, it’s effort, but it isn’t hard, and stopped making excuses the pounds came off easy. So this is going to be my story, and thought board, for all things that relate to health and fitness.
The aim is to share our little likes apart from crafting, so it appears that Pintrest is the way forward, now its been a while since I was there so it was lovely to see what new images were on the block!
Do Turks have a thing for attacking sailors? Leaked Email Says Turkish PM Erdogan Has Cancer And Just Two Years To Live Erekat: PA Disappointed By Obama Speech JCC Watch.org: ‘We get results’ Following a lie from Al Aqsa Foundation to the Arab League to UNESCO and the Security Council Will Israel Be Accused Now Of Being A Warmonger On Iran? The education of Barack Hussein Obama came from extreme Leftist Jews Latest crazy Arab rumor: Israel planning artificial earthquake to demolish Al Aqsa Shimon Peres Live On Facebook
I am in a lot more culture shock than I expected to be, there are just so many differences between a big city like Dallas and an unknown village called Kalloni. Let me paint you a picture of some of the major contrasts. Before I left the island, the sun was getting hotter and hotter and the beaches were becoming more and more crowded. Foreigners and locals were filling the coffee shops drinking gallons of instant coffees (like frappes) and rolling dozens of cigarettes to smoke hand in hand with their coffees. There (surprisingly) isn't much chit-chat during the 2-3 hour coffee breaks and relatively little mobile phone use at all. As a matter of fact, people are just in another world and seem to have very little stress or worry, or maybe it is because they are too bored to really do anything more than sit and drink their coffees. As far as traveling within Greece/Europe, people also kept to themselves and even packed their own snacks, they take their time and never seem to be in a hurry for anything. I had a ridiculous argument with the baggage check-in lady because she came at me ready for a fight or at least in my perspective, she did NOT know the meaning of the word customer service. One of my biggest pet-peeves is that (especially in Greece) people don't really know their jobs like they should, you should always be ready to be ping-ponged from office to office or person to person.
Well, gender I guess.
Jose G. Burgos Jr.
Campaign season is upon us, and the Obama-lama-ding-dongs will be trotting out the committee-approved propaganda, and it will prominently feature the evils of capitalism.
Something tickled his eyelashes as it pressed onto his face, and no strength of will could keep him from blinking. Clearsight departed and only then did the light disappear. The pressure on his face was warm, a hand covering his eyes, but his nerves were so raw that he didn't notice the panic until it was past. Taslin had covered his eyes, forced him to break out of Clearvision.
I don't keep records of my PT tests, I don't time my runs. I don't do the things to improve my body that competitive shooters do to improve their performance. I'm surprised that it has taken me this long into my career to make the cognitive leap between disciplines.
Never in a million light years would I would have guessed that I would have found such tremendous friends....and you know who you are. These girls would take a bullet for me and I'd take one for them. They truly are my soul-sisters and I adore them. That being said, we talk/write each and every day. Often several times a day depending on how much we are procrastinating our work. So I feel very much a part of the blog world....the world is just much smaller. And that was what I was looking for: a support group and I was lucky to find this awesome group.
I heard Dave say, "It's a boy"!
1. Preheat your oven to 375 degrees. In a small saucepan on low, combine 1/4 cup of sugar, 2 tablespoons of grated tangelo zest and 2 tablespoons of water.
In interpreting this passage we must first note that there is a sense in which the kingdom of God WILL come with observation, as Jesus stated in verse 24 of this same passage. “For as the lightning, that lighteneth out of the one part under heaven, shineth unto the other part under heaven; so shall also the Son of man be in his day.” Christ taught the same thing in Luke 19:11-27 and many other places, as we have seen in the previous study on the kingdom.
Of the three generations who I am personally attached to, who did graduate from college during strong and boisterous economies or mixed to poor economies, these were the facts when leaving college as well. As long as we have an economy we will find the directions that it takes ever-changing. When the economy changes then the need for different professional choices, often changes along with it. The experts have been trying to make an intelligent guess as to which degree will benefit us best long-term for three generations that I know of, and probably longer than that.
How about you? What do you waste time on and then, looking back at that time, what do you typically wish you'd done instead?
(makes him sound like an ogre, right? He doesn't say no to much - but tv trays was one thing, another is a KitchenAid mixer and a front door painted pink).
But that is okay. I can handle that. Apocalipse has recovered. Saleem is recovering, body and hoof, Apollon is better, although his damage seems a lot like that of his brother’s and his mothers… Oh yeah, It is about a week ago now since Poseidon was put down, due to a hip injury and a ringbone.
Before you do one thing today – turn everything over to the ONE!
and the moon peeks from behind sparse clouds.
“You are not having baby Chun Chun, so you can finally relax.”
It’s no secret that I loev Bug-Bond, the Non-tack UV cure resin that has revolutionized fly tying in many ways. Ever since I got introduced to it back in 2009 I’ve used it a lot and constantly find new ways and new applications for it.
Then she drew on her stockings, black, silken, filmy things, grotesque in the circumstances. She placed her high-heeled slippers on her feet and tied the silken ribbons over her insteps.
So, well done all of you that correctly identified the photo as a macro shot of some coral.
In the meantime Kasztner was deep in his own deliberations with Eichmann and Becher. While many Hungarian Jews had been deported by mid June, he wanted to move as many as possible from his hometown and Hungary as a whole to neutral territory. Years of persecution working against them, many Hungarian Jews refused to believe the stories of deportations and the death camps that lay waiting for them. Indeed, in one small town, three young Zionists who had hidden a small radio throughout the war tried to tell their village about the BBC reports concerning Treblinka and Auschwitz. They ended up being chased out of town by the Orthodox Rabbi, because, in his mind, G-d would not allow such a thing.
That's where Scotts® Snap® Spreader System comes in handy! I have Irises that are along my grass line, but nothing separating it out very well. The EdgeGuard would keep them safe as I fertilized the rest of my lawn. It would also be nice to have it for along the dirt driveway so I don't waste it on dirt!
It all began on a gloriously beautiful Sunday afternoon. The sun was shining (a veritable rarity for Minneapolis at that time) and there was a nice street festival going on. The Lyn-Lake street fest to be exact. I was just going to go up there for a nice bit of afternoon music and maybe a drink or two but things got a bit derailed. I knew my friend was going to be up there and so invited her and her boyfriend to my place for a couple of nice drinks and some conversation before heading up to see some music. They obliged and we quickly got to drinking a concoction of mine called Apple Pie Hooch. It involves apple cider, some cinnamon along with other ingredients and a liter of Everclear. Not the pussy Everclear that they sell in Minnesota either. No. This stuff came from Wisconsin, was 195 proof, could burn the hair from your nostrils by sniffing it, and probably melt metal. So we ended up drinking far too much of that to start with (plus there may have been some vodka mixed in as well.) All in all, a great start to this day.
We decided that we should make an effort to see one another more often! We decided to re-institute Game Night! We had some trouble with our first picked date (since my cousin and his wife had a baby a couple of days before!), but finally settled on this past Saturday. Sadly, last minute, some of the kids couldn't come. We didn't get TOO much gaming done, HOWEVER, the few rounds we played - I KILLED IT! It.was.EPIC.
Let's compare:
While I cower in the shadow
The police sources said Srikakulam, Vizianagaram and Visakahapatnam district, which share borders with Orissa and Khammam, Warangal and Karimnagar districts having border with Chhattisgarh could see violence in the coming days in view of the relatively stronger Maoist movement in the neighbouring states.
Q&A
I was never into “fitness” growing up. And I never envisioned myself as the type of person who would want to be a fitness instructor, or to be encouraging other people to be more active in their daily lives. I always thought that to be THAT kind of person, I would have to have like 2% body fat and be ripped for anyone to listen to me. But I am not the ideal body type, I still have weight to lose, and I make mistakes every week when it comes to making good choices in eating and keeping up my workouts. So why should I have a say in any of this?
When they come home from wherever they've been, they want a pair of eyes to SEE them, a pair of ears to HEAR them if they want to vent or to share their joy.
SO, my pal Sarah is around from LA and we go back to 6th grade and she was in NY to see Cold Play and Oasis and now on her way to Lollapalooza and tis a bit enlightening to be reminded of WHAT YOU WERE LIKE and WHAT YOU did in high school. Thank god I never have to go to high school again....
For the first year of school I gave back no homework. The teacher shook his head and wagged his fingers. The class peered down at me calling me the "idiot" or worse, "baby". I wanted to kick them but dad told me to get along with others so I hold myself back but I had to grind my teeth to get through the day. It felt like jail to be sitting still from eight in the morning to four in the afternoon and I can't possibly imagine any more "work" at "home". Mom fussed over dinner and dad fussed over my jackets and socks, everyone said I was too young to go to school yet I liked it so much better than the alternatives and no one made me eat anything like tomatoes or cabbages. So they let me sit there everyday staring into the space in front of the blackboard dreaming of swimming, running, jumping or escaping.
Bottoms Up, What Happens in Vegas Everyone Knows Abouters!
Inkadinkado light post rubber stamp
"Looks like a lovely book. Please enter me for the uk draw."
So yes, I do plan on doing the A-Z Challenge in 2013. Looking forward to it!
“What-ho, Bertie,” he said. “What-ho, what-ho, what-ho, and again what-ho. What a beautiful world this is, Bertie. One of the nicest I ever met.”
I was all smiles and happy thoughts until...
calendars (both monthly and week at a glance)
- It's not your fault. Even fantastic mothers can have unsettled babies.
Sam Houston played many roles in his life: husband, father, soldier, lawyer, Congressman from Tennessee, Governor of Tennessee, drunk, adopted Cherokee, Major General of the Texas Army, President of the Republic of Texas, Texas Representative, Senator from Texas, but perhaps his greatest role was at the end as Governor of Texas in 1859-1861. As secession fever built in Texas at the end of 1860 he stumped the state vigorously, although he knew it was hopeless, arguing against secession which he viewed as an unmitigated disaster for Texas and the nation.
And I am so tired. It's the stress. It's the deep stress.
But trust me on the sunscreen.
C. Ernst Harth ... Walter Duncan
A close aide to incumbent Governor, Seriake Dickson told reporters that the discovery was made after an astronomical presentation for newer vehicles was made to the new administration, bringing into question the whereabouts of the missing vehicles.
WINGS OF DESIRE (W. Germany/France) directed by Wim Wenders
14. Sepultura - Primitive Future
“I will put animosity between you and the woman, and between your descendant and her descendant; he will bruise your head, and you will bruise his heel.”” (Genesis 3:15 CJB)
There is always a sense of anticipation and excitement when a friend says “You will see me appearing on TV soon.” As what? I hasten to ask. Reality television appears to be the craze at the moment – we see television viewing fully occupied with a lot of people who just want to be famous for being their self.
-Most of this content was written for my school newspaper so I hope I didn't give away too many/any spoilers! :)
4. approx.10-20% your own content – writing quotations, tips and how-to about the craft of writing you find in books, articles or other resources. Include recommendations by your teachers, editors, mentors, and anything that’s about you and your writing/publishing adventure.
Registration for the upcoming Sunday list opens the previous Tuesday evening at 5pm CST. More information is here.
In addition to the sponsor prizes we have some hidden candy for some random comments on not all, but some of the Design Team posts so if you you want to be in with a chance of winning some candy make sure you leave a comment on the DT cards too. If you are entering for the comment candy without making a card, please ensure you are either 1-a follower of Sweet Stampin or 2-are displaying our badge on your blog. Thank you.
cut 4 onion into think slices an fry with meat in butter until brown
When the roast was done, I put it on a carving board to rest, and put the pan on two burners, and added another 1/4 cup of water to deglaze, then made a slurry of a tablespoon each of cornstarch and balsamic vinegar and poured it in, stirring. Things thickened up pretty quickly, and when it started bubbling, I pulled it off the heat. I sliced the pork in thin slices, arranged them in two concentric circles on a warm plate, and poured the sauce and whole onions in the middle. Then I popped the cork on a bottle of Unibroue Blonde de Chambly, and the whole thing was quite delish!
On my Verizon FIOS router, the menu for Wireless Settings lists Wireless Status, Basic Settings, and Advanced Settings. Basic Settings allows you to change the name of your home network, known as the SSID, and to choose whether to make that name publicly visible by broadcasting it. (If you do not broadcast the SSID, you will need to fill it in manually on any device you wish to connect to the network.) It also lets you configure WEP, which is very insecure. If you move to Advanced Settings, you will be able to select WPA2 encryption, which is pretty much the best presently available. You will need to select a “key” for the network, which, like a password, should be complex enough not to be easily guessed but simple enough to be remembered so that you can fill it in on your mobile devices.
They are serving potatoes and burgers but there is a catch, the tables will be called randomly and of course, we aren't chosen until the very end. To say I was starving is like saying Amy Winehouse liked to party. (Too soon?).
2. Unschoolers have never learned that learning isn't lovable.
Before eyes not blinded by a mainstream media controlled by the corporate fascist elite, Orwell’s 1984 nightmare continues to unfold as the powers and reach of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) are once again extended and codified.
How I’ll describe it to you is with examples. Sensors tend to be good at, or at least enjoy, athletics, dancing, and the fine arts. They’re just more aware of what their bodies, and other people’s bodies, are doing at the present moment.
Ash's Webpage:-
So the plot is simple: The AKB0048 are here for a guerrilla entertainment despite the ban against the government of planet Rankastar. (Hey, where did Ranka’s name end up on- Oh wait, it’s Shoji Kawamori’s anime!) They’ll use everything from robots to handheld weapons just to entertain the folks there!
“Why?” asked Hermel, thinking his plan sounded quite reasonable. “Once inside you should carry me in the blanket so we can maintain the charade. Otherwise we might tip our hand,” he suggested.
That was like a sucker punch to the gut. And not at all the story he told me back then. He spun this whole thing about how they were friends before, how they had met up once at a bar long before he knew me, that she wanted things to go farther back then but he didn’t let them. He said that they were just reconnecting at first, that he was telling her about me and his life, and that things just got out of control. Back then he painted her as a “crazy bitch” (one of his favorite terms about pretty much any woman in his past that now makes me want to barf).
ever! Their families raised over $30k for them
What is your choice?
Here is Dustin's digi set if you choose to use them:
The images are available at Ladybug Crafts Ink now, you can buy the separately for £1.75 or the "whole shebang " for £18 ( 13 images in all - saving £4.75).. you can also save 75p when you multi buy 3 images .
I had been wrestling with poor self-esteem since the onset of adolescence and was painfully shy outside of my immediate friendship circle. Moving at age 16 to a mixed A’Level college from an all-boys grammar school was like arriving on the doorsteps of heaven. Unfortunately, whilst I was very interested in girls, few of them were interested in me. Actually, I have no idea whether they were interested or not, because very few of them appeared to be aware that I existed. But quite by accident I discovered the power of style.
2 Chunky soups/2 coupons $.49 each $.98 TOTAL
The Closeted Perv:
Cruiser’s Creek – The Fall
Myth: The talks collapsed over Obama’s demand for $400 billion more in revenue over 10 years…. Reality: Boehner didn’t have the votes.
As Charles Johnson of Little Green Footballs says (European Newspapers Begin Publishing Wikileaks Docs), "I don't recall voting for Julian Assange. As he sets himself up as the arbiter of government morality, and recklessly reveals secrets that will distort and vastly complicate international relations, and very probably cause innocent people to suffer and die, who will hold him accountable? Who does he answer to?"
What is fascinating to me is that in my 22 years of living and the 192, 720 hours I have been alive, the Israeli’s and the Palestinians have been fighting over one piece of land the entire time. They are fighting over faith and holding true to what they believe is sacred.
449
recommissioned the Benue
While Andy looked in the engine to see if he could figure anything out, I sat in the car and bawled my fucking eyes out. Like, serious babyface sobs, y'all. "This is the worst honeymoon everrrrrrr wahhhhhhhh" was basically all Andy could hear (which might explain why he stayed out of the car for a while). I just wanted to go home and go to sleep.
Police are asking anyone who may have witnessed the accident to contact them as soon as possible.
“Dear Lord, thank You for my family. I’m grateful for so many things, and one of those is for the family who loves me enough to want to meet me and want to be with me. Help me to trust You always. I might think I know what’s best for me, but I am not seeing what lies ahead the way You do. I want to submit to Your plans for me every day, in sunshine and shade.
Christopher Penczack The Shamanic Temple of Witchcraft (2005) Llewellyn
Artist Marco Checchetto
I lazily meander back across the parking lot watching the riders on their playfully trotting horses. I’ve really got a lot of things to get caught up on at the still-under-construction new and larger brewery, but I decide to watch the jockeys a little while longer. I know I’m the one goofing off, but leaning against the saddle of my iron steed and watching the hard working jockeys seems at the time to be a very productive way to waste much of my morning.
Interest in such instruments in these two markets abated considerably when the perpetuals issued by well-known companies such as US mortgage giants Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae were written off completely during the 2008 global financial crisis, after they went bust and failed to make their usual coupon payout.
I am so excited for tonight-some of my friends and I are having Girls Night! We are heading to a great restaurant called Stir Crazy (I love, love, LOVE this place and their make your own stir fry) and then to see the new Ashton Kutcher/Natalie Portman movie No Strings Attached. I can't wait to see the girls and have some fun!
2010.09.09 Iraq Baghdad 3 10 Three Iraqis are taken out by Jihadi car bombers.
The good news is that your competitors exhibit the same behaviors.
And underneath your coat
Criminal Justice & Film Colloquium.
with glossy pages of glorious junk style!
Where to buy? Check out Environmental Toothbrush’s website. I’ve seen them available in oddball local locations (a funky gift shop in Lake Chelan for example).
Seriously. What’s the big deal. How does letting your 60,000 followers on Twitter know that you just combed you hair actually improve anything? That is of course if anyone of those 60,000 followers actually noticed that you combed your hair, since they are no doubt following 10,000 other people who are also combing their hair.
Neither one is going to get her wish.
(Ebook ARC, 452 pages, Published February 6th 2012 by Egmont Press)
Mr. Whitcombe put on his coat and boots, tied a scarf around his neck and headed outside to say hello to Emily.
ever-so-slyly
Here’s an unofficial list of the Top 10 Wedding Bloopers. Of course, Emma has the number one spot. Check this list out:
A judge on Sunday denied him bond.
Save Wildlife: Bill Puts Polar Bears At Risk
“Bullet the Blue Sky” was a nearly perfect musical portrait of inner turmoil, again with a strong spiritual dimension. To this day, I’m not entirely sure what the song means, but I find it no less powerful.
Ultimately, knowing as we do the sheer drama that surrounds British football, aswell as basic mathematics, there’s no doubt that the Premier League title race isn’t over. It has now certainly swung heavily towards Eastlands, and after beating United both home and away this term there’s no doubt that City will be worthy champions should they finish top of the pile. This season would have to take another almighty twist for the champions elect to falter again, and even by Premier League standards, it has been a most unexpected and surprising year, but as City closed out five minutes of stoppage time last night in relative comfort without conceding a single chance, let alone a goal, you have to wonder if Mancini’s charges will allow for any further drama.
What I didn't address and wish I had is the question of whether unschooling provides an equivalent education.
This morning he asked me to sit on him and lie down on him. I should have been honest with him and told him no, but I didn’t. I did what he asked. I cried (quietly, screamingly inside) the whole time, but he kept telling me how good I felt and how much he loved me. When he was done, I went out to my van and cried and cried and cried.
This is not a train sound effects record, a country album or even a swing album. The vibe is blend of big band, easy listening, jazz/lounge and light pop (very "60s").
"I've got a 15-year-old, and I'm not going to let him out late. People are scared. We need facts."
I don't really care if they are drinking, I'm not their mom. I don't even really care if they are drunk. I do care if they try to get me involved though. Cleaning up vomit is not one of my things. However, the idea of drunk girls in my apartment is interesting, and once again, scary. I mean, what if one of them wants to do me!?
San Francisco, you totally have me wrapped around your little finger.
What I’ve talked about on my blog (foster care, adoption, parenting) are important topics and people feel strongly about them. And when people feel strongly about subjects, that’s when good dialogues can take place. None of these topics should be taken lightly. To that end, I feel that when someone takes issue with my choices, I want to look at it from their point of view…in hopes of learning more about my own thought process. I am not perfect, far from it, and I believe that we can learn so much from each other if we set aside ego and pre-conceived notions.
Chesapeake Bay Woman
Baths
Soon we can tweet him: Welcome to the Philippines Zac!
I was thinking of doing the fairytales I so adore and love this year as my personal project, but it just never settled well on my heart. I then had the question pop up in my head:
I decided that when the temps outside are 110, that we're gambling with their lives. I'll spare you all of the details, but suffice it to say that Wal-Mart is not my favorite place to purchase things. Two fans later, we now have circulation in our coop. A large fan was purchased, and works beautifully to keep the big chicks chilled a little. They even stopped panting!
Mother's day was really nice. Jerry went to bed relatively early the night before, so he could spend the day with me without being zombified. Warren made me breakfast, then we walked around the reservoir, Jerry was up when we got back, so we all headed out to Manhattan beach where Warren and I shared a coffee and Jerry had a bagel. We walked out onto the pier, but the cold wind drove us back up to main street where we browsed at a book store (and I bought a few books for the book drive which I really have to stop doing). We looked at a rundown shack for sale near the beach and were flabbergasted when we heard the price ($2.9 mil). Then we drove up to Venice Beach and had lunch at my favorite restaurant, Gaby's Mediterranean, which is apparently becoming a tradition because we ate there on Mother's Day last year, too. Back at home we each did our own thing for a while (my thing was organizing book drive books--it makes me so happy). Then Warren and I walked down to the wine shop and bought several bottle of white wine, came home, sat on our lovely new deck furniture and drank a couple glasses of wine. It really was a lovely day.
So the next morning, about 10am, I'm still practically unconscious and someone knocks the door. Stumble down the stairs like a zombie only to find Aska (first photographer I ever worked with) at the door demanding I be ready to shoot in 20 minutes.x___x Lmao
Words of Love, our first book, is a volume of Inspirational poems
My cousins all looked like each other and were all alike in certain ways. I was different. I guess those words say a lot! I always felt comfortable with Mum and Dad, but not other members of the family. I did try to fit in with extended family, but I found it difficult. I also felt like the family looked at me differently because I wasn’t blood related. I was just someone, a stranger, who had been brought into the family. Then there would be times where I felt people pitied me because I was adopted. This may have been the case, or it may have been paranoia and all in my mind.
I even host someone in the midst, a documentary film-maker. I tell my guest, I am trying to understand RBOD. Twenty years ago, it seems, the government mismanaged the discharge of agricultural effluents from Upper Sindh and Baluchistan and diverted these to the Manchar Jheel. Over the course of twenty years it destroyed the indigenous community around the lake, Asia's largest. The water got poisoned with the discarded pesticide and salinity. The villagers have nothing to drink. The fish got depleted. They have little to catch and sell. The local women lost their cottage industry as the raw material, the bamboos they used to weave chatais, grew in the lake. The 650 different species of birds that migrated from Central Asia and Siberia come no more. The villagers buy water now, Rs. 20 a tank. They do not have gas. They buy wood to cook their food, and it seems like they have no income.
My first meal during the Mayan solstice arrived with delectable Mexican flavors and an unexpected touch of Chicago. I sat down at the Beachwalk Marketplace Cafe in the JW Marriott Cancun Resort and reveled in the experience of enjoying two of my very favorite things. As many of my longtime readers know, passion fruit is the ultimate fruit to me. Nothing beats that special blend of tart and sweet. So when I spotted passion fruit ceviche on the menu, I was giddy with joy.
While I write poetry inside the frames of a struggling rappers lines
Whereas it is the duty of all nations to acknowledge the providence of Almighty God, to obey His will, to be grateful for His benefits, and humbly to implore His protection and favor; and Whereas both Houses of Congress have, by their joint committee, requested me "to recommend to the people of the United States a day of public thanksgiving and prayer, to be observed by acknowledging with grateful hearts the many and signal favors of Almighty God, especially by affording them an opportunity peaceably to establish a form of government for their safety and happiness:"
If I focus on:
They also demand what they term 'a new peace treaty' between Israel and Syria, without mentioning that Syria's dictator Bashir Assad has stated repeatedly that Israel would need to give up the strategic Golan Heights to Syria and Hezbollah before any negotiations even commence.
If you get a chance, go through some of the links I have just added to the left side of the blog. Some good information and I plan to add more. Dr. Billy Wilbanks site is a great resource for Texas Track history. Please visit these links.
But, said Liew, the “designated places of assembly” under the Act have yet to be specified by the ministry and gazetted.
A keen-edged sword, a soldier’s heart,
There was a pork loin with gravy that saved the day. It kept me from finding and ranting at the manager. Never mind the mushy vegetables that were supposed to go with it. Broccoli is such an expensive veggie that the least you could do was to cook it right. As a general rule, half cooked is eighteen times better than mushy for veggies.
Singaporean director Eric Khoo’s deceptively simple yet hard hitting documentary is a scathing indictment of the exploitation of domestic workers. With the promise of easy work and good pay, Siti (Syamsiah, outstanding), like thousands of other Indonesian women, leaves behind her husband and child to work as a maid in Singapore. Before beginning her employment, she must undergo a couple months of training at a facility that resembles an army barracks designed by Martha Stewart, where she is taught rudimentary English and is shown how to operate common household appliances. A sample question on a test given to trainees shows pictures of a toaster, a tea kettle, a refrigerator, and a clothes dryer and asks, “which of these items is used to boil water?”. The 24 year-old woman, working for pennies a day, endures countless taunts, threats and insults over the course of four years, during which time she changes households three times. The director’s decision not to show the faces of her employers, whose threatening voices are heard off camera, is chillingly effective. Very good picture quality. (10/10)
It's called a "Hoodie Buddie" (trademark some fourth grader), and I'm not sure what to think about it.
That's it, I'm wrapping it up. The movie plods along with what I think is a clear example of no direction - maybe Akkad and his cronies were out for lunch or something while the camera was on; who knows. It's boring, stupid and completely unexciting. I don't even think Uwe Boll could come up with something this horrid. Nothing sticks out except for the absolutely atrocious acting and the destruction of Donald Pleasance as an actor.
Here he is just last weekend as dad was doing the yardwork. Ever tried to snap a pic of a walking baby??? And he doesn’t like to hold my hand while he’s walking. He wants to do it on his own, thankyouverymuch!
The Breeze And I
While the Stanton's lived next door to my grandmother's, I assume we children sometimes played with their two older ones; I can't recall. But I do know that I was never inside their house but one time. We children were so fearful of the old man. He talked very hateful, not only to his family but to me and other children who might be around; never in front of my parents though.
We settled into a routine that had us together from morning until the wee hours. We loved each other best in the world, we knew we were never going to let each other down, we knew we could count on one another. Abigail is fierce and feisty, Dolley was not. She fought for me, she stood up for me, she protected me from the other hateful teenage girls in the neighborhood. No friend had ever done that for me before, ever.
So a bit of paper distressing. First get those rips in the surface using Scotch tape, torn in thin strips, burnished onto the paper with my nail and pulled up, practice on a spare piece or in a place that wont show to see how hard you have to burnish and pull to get the effect you want.
...and this year we added a POPCORN MACHINE!!! :) (We had 2 great dad's that did an AwEsOmE job running it!!)
That's better. Nice and smooth, a bit more grainy than most porters, again due tot he imperial part, but the tannins are there. Oddly enough they're not more prevalent than in a regular porter, and if anything they are lower than some, but it's still very good. Imperial anythings are not really rateable to style, except as more bold than the regular of the style, and this is no exception. It's bigger in grain and roasted flavor, but the vinous taste is much lower than usual. Some get out of hand though, so that's a good thing in a way. Smooth body that is a little more raw than a porter usually is as well. It dries faster, somehow, and has less of an oily finish.
I think this is flat out absurd. Whether or not you like the Occupy protestors and/or their tactics, they have set up tents to “occupy” spaces in an attempt to make things better for everyone by calling attention to what many beyond the Occupy movement have identified as serious problems with our economy, and with the government that is ostensibly one of its stewards.
A naval aviator in World War II, he was shot down (one of the reasons he jumps out of a plane every year to celebrate his birthday), he and Barbara lost a child to leukemia at the age of 4 (and, of course, another child that is a completely different story that you'll get in two weeks). Bush 41 (as he is now known) came from a family that was dedicated to public service. His father was Prescott Bush, who was a Senator from the state of Connecticut. Seeking to continue the family tradition, H.W. was elected to the House of Representatives, twice lost elections for the U.S. Senate, and only entered higher office at the federal level through a series of appointments (U.N. Ambassador, Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, Chair of the Republican National Committee). He lost the race for the Republican nomination in 1980 to Ronald Reagan, who threw Bush the bone of the vice presidency. He could never be elected on his own, right?
Me and Razick where friends for nearly 7 years introduced through yahoo messenger and from then he’s become a part of my family and have met more than couple of times at my home and we always wished each other on our festivals and his mom is whom always desire to meet me whenever I call him. I made sure the visit and was indeed moved to the core how she welcomes me with tear… and I was emotionally stunned and couldn’t express anything at her behalf love and hugs.
The challenge is to use your cuttlebug machine as the main focus and use at least 2 different Cricut Image cuts! Thats a laugh for me because I don't think I've ever made anything with only 2 cuts!! Its just not in me!
March 13, 2012; $22.99 US/$26.50 CAN; 978-1250000958
Image of: Deng, Boozer lead Bulls past 76ers 77-69
-Sainte Chapelle Earrings-Anthropologie
So the familiar story unravelled Henderson and Kuyt hit the woodwork, Suarez went close twice as did Carroll, Spearing had a shot cleared off the line. Henderson’s effort provided good evidence to those who think we are unfortunate. His shot hit the underside of the cross bar and rebounded on to Foster’s back and away to safety. Compare this to the Sunderland game earlier in the year when a similar effort rebounded off the woodwork onto to Jose Reina, back on the post and into the path of a striker for a goal!
It’s only April 2012 and I’m already seeing 2013 cars. There’s eight more months before the year. Nice marketing gimmick! My car is already four years old and it is time for me to change it. I know I will be going for an SUV since I will be moving a lot of things over to my new place. Good gas mileage is also a must and I think I have a few cars in mind. With the money I won, it’ll definitely be easier making a down payment.
B4N. As I look at my archives, I realize I haven’t written anything real in a long time. It feels like I’ve lost my purpose, my reason for logging into Blogger week after week. I started this blog because I wanted a means to express myself. Why then does it feel like I’ve stifled my own voice?
I’ve made some lovely envelopes out of old calendar pages (I knew I was saving those for something.) I’ve also used magazines and scrapbook paper. Some scrapbook paper is printed on 2 sides so the inside of the envelope is also very attractive. All very interesting! I’ve closed the envelopes with a glue stick, and for mailing I add white stickers to create space to write the address. This isn’t necessary when you are going to hand deliver. The best template material I’ve found is at a dollar store – inexpensive flexible plastic cutting boards work very well. They’re easy to draw on, easy to cut with scissors and thick enough to trace around easily. I will go almost anywhere in search of great supplies!
Somebody somewhere had another plan
In the fear of the LORD is strong confidence: and his children shall have a place of refuge.
Or rather he’s currently at Gatorland, running around in the splash pad, exhausting himself.
Gean blossom (Wild cherry).
which gladdens the city of God,
Well, there are many types of quinoa out there. While the most popular type of quinoa is a transparent yellow color, other varieties feature colors such as orange, pink, red, purple or black. Stores like Trader Joes & Whole Foods also have a tri-color quinoa consisting of yellow, red, and black. I feel the taste of the yellow works best as a side dish with a lunch or dinner meal. When I make the breakfast version, I prefer the red, black, or tri-color. But you use whatever you like best. The great thing about this recipe is that there are many variations and you can make it how you like.
Some areas of the country are getting hit pretty hard; my best wishes go out to the flood victims of Mississippi, and for the people in Missouri who are fighting with tornadoes.
Where is the line?
There are times that we flub an endeavor and we know that we haven’t done a job quite up to par. But then there are times like today when we believe that we have done a good job–perhaps the best in years–and find that we have scrambled and confused everything, making a lot of extra work for someone else.
The true left - statist planners, tax and spenders, militant unionists etc, will still have their home in Ed Miliband's Labour party. But the LibDems will represent a much more popular, centrist body of opinion and deservedly replace Labour as one of Britain's top two parties, representing the centre against the Tory right.
“And foreigners who bind themselves to the LORD to serve Him, to love the name of the LORD, and to worship Him — all who keep the Sabbath without desecrating it and who hold fast to My covenant — these I will bring to My holy mountain and give them joy in My House of Prayer. Their burnt offerings and sacrifices will be accepted on My altar; for My house will be called a House of Prayer for all nations” Isaiah 56:6&7.
Camera shots are usually framed as an MCU or close up. It’s important to think about the guest’s looking direction, and get an equal number of left-facing and right-facing subjects. These can then be alternated in post-production. Some producers go so far as to get all answers with a particular opinion facing one way, and answers with an opposing opinion facing the other way. Whether or not you think this is effective is up to you — you may feel that it is too contrived.
Wow. I don’t know how many times I went and googled it today; just to see if it was still there! The creator of the website, McLain Photo Design, is still tweeking it. I still have to send her photos of individual “cuppycakes” in all of their glory. You know, standing alone, in their gift wrapped box, etc…so exciting!
and remain in his love."
1. Walking Tacos - These look so delicious, but Pierce won't be able to eat them, so we'll have them one night after he goes to bed. (Date Night)
Or much past amends,
I just have all these thoughts and dreams. I have so much to do but how do I move? How do I make it all mine? Me? How?
HoneyPad – Make your iPad look like an Android Tablet.
Rakeback could be the Distinction Between Lucrative and Wasted Table Play
My planning has been around the home and specifically food issue and that should follow in the next update inshaALlah.
by Elizabeth Madox Roberts
The importance of creativity has recently become more prominent due to the increasingly modernized world. Advances such as the access to information due to changes in technology and the ability to connect with people around the world have contributed to what geographer David Harvey called “space-time compression.” All these advances, however, can only be utilized if people have the tools to adapt and make use of the opportunities presented. That is where creativity assumes an important role. It is not only capable of generating original and potentially influential ideas, but it is also flexible in nature, allowing the mind to adapt to life’s constant advances, changes, and opportunities. In other words, creativity has the ability to be both adaptive and proactive; it is essential for survival in a rapidly developing world.
It’s almost laughable at how things have to fall into place. Falling into place, an interesting proposition. Fell, fallen, falling, falls – to drop or come down freely under the influence of gravity. The constant chameleonry and voodoo asked of the participants seems downright crafty, but you must commit. Ask questions later, when you sleep.
Step 5 (In Which I Realize The Cakes May Be Burning a Bit): The recipe called for a cup of espresso but I just had my mother brew me a cup of extra strong instant coffee instead. We didn’t have any espresso and I didn’t see any single servings at the grocery store. This sugary syrup looks innocent… until you get close and smell a whiff of the brandy. Potent! Also, the cakes. The cakes are done! AAAH THE CAKES ARE DONE FOR SURE.
Moon backed away. Was this really worth it?
The first film to parody Hitler was You Nazty Spy by The Three Stooges, which came out nine months before The Great Dictator by Charlie Chaplin.
I found the book at La Page a great French bookstore on Provencher Boulevard just a few blocks from my home. It has a large selection of children’s French literature. I’m thinking I’ll be a regular patron from now on.
All in all though, the recovery process wasn't so bad. The best part was being with my baby, and being together with Phil, the three of us, bonding. It was also nice having visitors. In my mind, before giving birth, I imagined myself being in the hospital for awhile and getting time to heal for a bit, but the healing time is barely just beginning, when we had found ourselves signing forms for our release and our time was up.
See you at the race!
The dominant mood buster at the moment is work, which evokes a gamut of emotions, none of them especially positive. But my wardrobe has been reliable. It is of some comfort to me to reach absently for something in my closet and find it perfectly appropriate without dwelling on it too much. Occasionally, I pull out a piece I'm especially fond of that evokes a particular memory, and I smile.
The truth is that in our home, we really don't eat a lot of beef, but that's not because of health concerns or because I believe the latest "study". Mostly, it's due to trying to maintain a budget while finding the best possible sources for our meat based proteins, and the fact that the cook (Yours Truly) prefers plants to animals. My husband and kids love pot roast and the occasional hamburger, though, so I buy from one of two trusted local organic farmers so I can know just exactly where it came from and where it's been.
It contains flouride, magnesium, Polyphenols, some vitamins and lots of minerals. Did I mention it tastes really good? It's one of the few teas that is lovely with milk. I like mine with just a hint of honey... mmmmm...
with whom it is a pleasure to spend time
For the l964 film Goldfinger, production designer Ken Adam designed the gadget laden, hand built and customized DB5 as the ultimate dream adventure car complete with everything a member of the British intelligence could want. Sophisticated, elegant and ultra stylish, the automobile with the combo platter of Italian design mixed with British engineering featured all the accoutrements for high level spy games -- a honing device complete with radar style tracking screen, rotating license plates, oil spray, smoke screen, bullet proof shield, front firing machine guns and a tire shredder --reminiscent of the chariot wheels from Ben Hur.
I'm ready to focus on 2012 now. We've laid out the month to month plan and had a chance to look back on 2011 and see what worked and what didn't. I like starting earlier this year. The timing feels right and not frantic.
Stephen Moffat has a bit of a habit of writing good Comic Relief episodes, and he's pulled it off again. Space is packed full of witty one liners and is up there with The City of Death as a chuckle-fest.
decided not to bring the Easter Bunny
The people with me and I ran to the fair, warning people to stay away from the school along our journey, and at the fair I remember seeing coach M talking to his son (my former classmate) AM about how he used to push AM too hard to be a great baseball player; and I stopped for a moment as I was able to see flashbacks of some of their memories as they talked, which was amazing & emotional, and coach M apologized to his son AM.
We have not met and I have no idea how she feels about that but you can't read her blog and not feel that she is some sort of kindred spirit.
(she's obsessed with him)
2 tablespoons butter, softened
Exhibition date: July 28 to August 31, 2012
What is the issue? Narrow feet coupled with protruding bunions. Don’t get me wrong, some suffer ridiculously badly with bunions so I’m by no means trying to say mine are painful all the time. It does however mean that finding nice shoes is often a nightmare! I have to resort to flats or if it has a heel I have to be resigned to pain. Being of very small shoe size doesn’t help either.
If Council fail to act we will find ourselves in the same spot next year …. and with new consultants.
The film explores the richness of Islamic art in objects big and small, from great ornamented palaces and the play of light in monumental mosques to the exquisite beauty of ceramics, carved boxes, paintings and metal work. It revels in the use of color and finds commonalities in a shared artistic heritage with the West and East. The film also examines the unique ways in which Islamic art turns calligraphy and the written word into masterpieces and develops water into an expressive, useful art form."
Now, for comparison, I offer you one of my worst titles from the past. At the time I was convinced I was a genius, but now . . . .
I made plain, peanut butter chip, and butterscotch chip cookies to see which I liked best. Peanut butter rocked my world by a landslide! Especially warm. Butterscotch was merely absolutely delicious. Plain was still yummy, but my kids attacked them so I kept my own focus on the chippy ones.
Long fingers of stratus floated
7 Hours 3G Talk Time
What I found most interesting about that study was the seven groups that African Americans were broken down into:
Yep I am ready!
20Now to him who is able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine, according to his power that is at work within
It was the first event of its kind in Wisconsin. Startup Weekends have been held around the U.S. and worldwide.
what good medicine.
Country Fried Steak @ 29.99 is an unbelievable price!
So, many of my cards are ones that I've CASE'd. I've read many different versions of what CASE stands for, and the one I choose to use it for is: Copy And Share Everywhere.
It smells to me like "marketing professionals" are taking over at Apple. That means processes will be introduced and rules will be followed. And celebrities will be handsomely paid.
4. Pray simply, not stupidly: “Often when I have prayed I have asked for what I thought was good, and persisted in my petition, stupidly importuning the will of God, and not leaving it to Him to arrange things as He knows is best for me. But when I have obtained what I asked for, I have been very sorry that I did not ask for the will of God to be done; because the thing turned out not to be as I had thought” (Evagrios the Solitary, 4th century). Abba Macarius said, “It is enough to say, ‘Lord, as you will, and as you know, have mercy.’ And if the conflict grows fiercer, say: ‘Lord, help!’”
That's a 25% profit, the article says, but maybe it's more if you calculate the variety of tax breaks. The point is that the financial analysis deserves greater discussion.
Sadly, the scenarios are pretty lame. They are aimed at complete newbies, and I mean kids. The scenarios from the Battle of Macragge set were pretty cool, even playable solo. They were smart design. These from the Moria set are not. They do teach the rules to some extent, but the playing surface and general objectives are small and boring. There’s no chance in hell that the Fellowship player will lose any of the scenarios. That being said, I still played them all a couple of times. And here we go.
Death Knight nuttery aside, there really are real people behind these game thingies. I don’t agree with a lot of them and a lot of their decisions, but they are people, and it’s nice to see a human touch here and there that doesn’t smack of saccharine or cynicism.
Diffuse Nature
Tomorrow I will be starting a 1-week meditation retreat. Silly though it sounds I am feeling a bit nervous. I mean, it’s meditation not bungee jumping! What can go wrong? Why would I be concerned about some kind of failure? I don’t know but this is something I’ve never tried before. What I am feeling is more a sort of stage fright than real anxiety but many of the physical symptoms are very similar. My gut is a bit jumpy, I can feel the tension in my shoulders and my over-active imagination is throwing a whole lot of what ifs at me. A touch more clonazepam in my diet has been necessary to get decent sleep but I have also managed to apply mindfulness techniques in ways that (I think) have helped to prevent me sliding into full-blown anxiety attacks. A few days ago I told Dr. C that I feel a lot more confident of my ability to cope with my state of mind now, a feeling that produces some positive feedback and gives me hope for the future. I’m hoping that a concentrated dose of this stuff will give me an added boost.
The Star-Telegram found that in the past three years, hundreds of bond forfeitures, for some of the worst criminal offenses, have been delayed, dismissed, or settled for a small fraction of the amount. District Attorney Joe Shannon said, “The vast, vast majority of them comply, the vast majority of them show up, the vast majority of them deal with the judicial system as it comes along.” Critics question the effectiveness of the county’s criminal justice system when forfeitures amounting to millions of dollars go uncollected. “If the bondsman never has to pay a penalty, then what is the point of having bail bonds?” said Mark Holtschneider of Lexington National, a Maryland-based bail bond surety company. “The forfeiture must be enforced.”
03. Cities
We have a signed copy of A Parachute In The Lime Tree by Annemarie Neary to give away in a Good Friday special - consider this your Easter egg from us! I've just started this book, a wonderful, atmospheric tale of wartime love involving four people caught up in the Second World War, or The Emergency as it was known in Ireland. Annemarie recently featured on Strictly Writing and if you want to be in with a chance of winning a copy of the book, simply let us know what you are reading by commenting below.
What Kaufman is himself doing with Caden is taking an artistic archetype that is often romanticized -- the shy hypochondriac who is struggling to create his masterpiece -- and depicting him as essentially useless. Not worthless, which is pretty key, but useless in the sense that such a temperament will result in nothing more than an endless loop of a grind of a miserable self-hating chamber of anxiety and dread. So don't do that! Well, Kaufman isn't trying to solve anyone's problems, but he is looking into the soul of such an artist, or just anybody like that, and finding it wanting. Of course, Kaufman does still have a bit of that "Let me tell you what I mean" business going on, but here, late in the film when Dianne Wiest rather too clearly explains Caden's character to him -- meaning Caden in the play, but also, we know, Caden himself, because, well... -- Kaufman cuts this with a joke, a not unusual occurrence in his work, but, crucially, a much better joke than I'd heretofore been used to from him.
Note: Refrigerate cake until ready to serve and refrigerate any leftovers.
It was Meant to be ~ ~
2. If you were given one wish to use anyway you wanted, what would you wish for?
Again a close up pic of the strawberry bed. I'm becoming fearful that Kate doesn't want me to see the runners that have hit the lawn. That's all I need, they would be like any other weed in my lawn. I hope my leg finishes healing soon so I can walk back there myself.
into our celebration. Our children
Russ: “Was describing..?”
So, since everybody's still sleeping here and I don't feel like reading, let me actually kind of plan out tomorrow:
I commented to my step-dad and he said she was on anti-depressant.
Ok, so we all aware of the stigma surrounding being a plus size woman in a negative sized society. Tonight, I was feeling particularly bad about having more junk in my trunk, so I thought up 10 instances where it rocks.
Mrs. Obama obviously chooses a very classic style. She loves shift dresses in beautiful florals and chooses to add edge in her shoe and especially belt choices.
I had the chiropractor out to work on his back and it was as I suspected...he has a dropped SI joint, some misaligned vertebrae and his pelvis is a bit wonky. Spooks is so stiff and tight over his back and loin that the chiro had a hard time manipulating him and I could tell it was painful for the big guy.
This was done, and when at length the sun, which had been clouded over, began to shine, a great fire blazed up, so that everyone marveled.
in the name of a worn out collection of verse
The last girlfriend I had was dearer to me than anything that doesn't have steel strings and pickups. It's with a heavy heart that I must confess that she met a tragic demise. I sat her down to perform for her, as she had never heard me play. Within mere seconds of the furious and almost satanically fast deluge of musical notes, she burst into flames and was reduced to a smoldering pile of ash. I have grieved for 7 months, and now it is time to seek a hardier companion.
to be sinned against . . . and name your name.
So if she had been a non-resident alien on a tourist visa, but she filled out that voter registration paper, they would've given her in-state tuition status.
This is the debut on the list for Houston's Saint Arnold – they just made the cut at 48th. (Last year they were 51st – d'oh!) Well deserved, too – they rival Austin's Live Oak as my favorite Texas brewery. Rare is the occasion when I leave Austin's Ginger Man Pub without having at least of one of St. Arnold's cask-conditioned Elissa IPAs, and I almost always have at least one variety of St. A in my fridge.
Harper is finally eating "real food" and not just formula. It's been tough and rough, but she is doing it.
The WORD says… He who takes refuge in God has security (Isaiah 57:10).
Ross Macdonald claimed that Poe’s “anguished insight into the human mind . . . had to be controlled by some rational pattern, and the detective story, ‘the tale of ratiocination,’ provided such a pattern” (1973, 11). Poe was able to counteract “the nightmare forces of mind” with the reasoning power of the detective. Indeed his stories “condense the idea of Gothic thrill and rational inquiry,” features prominent in later detective fiction (Knight 2004, 28).
‘You know: I’m pretty sure my job wouldn’t go for that. Too much paper work. Too much procedure.’
Music, Politics and Agency in the Digital Age: Capitalism, Creativity and Music
Me: All the time, I ask Him all the time.
Also, don't forget that we have a challenge going on over at the CMC Copic Challenge group. We want you to color with some pretty spring colors. Be sure it check it out and join in the fun. Anyone can play along.
I’d love to pen the headline ‘Slog solves DSK riddle’, but I’m nowhere near that at the moment. I have revisited the original New York financial district contact (who had doubts from Day One about the arrest) and that person finds the theft motive compelling…but remains convinced that the US was involved in some form.
As our son approached school age, we began to think that perhaps the time had come to begin thinking about adoption. We began doing some research and the dollar signs were a little disappointing and frightening to be sure. I do think this is a good thing. We want people adopting who are going to take this very seriously. Tens of thousands of dollars is a good way to make sure you are taking it seriously, for most of us...
This is my wish-list for March alone …. now… to just find the time! There are talks by politicians, health professionals, and journalists, but the ones that particularily interest me are talks by architects, writers, and artists…
"... My wish, for you, is that this life becomes all that you want it to,
Not only do I love this object so much that I never want to take it off, but also, it gave a chance to employ three techniques I LOVE -- and to preach about them here!
* 1 ripe avocado
3. Whenever I feel like being a shopaholic, I’ll pin a bunch of clothes to my “If I Could Shop All Day” board instead of going on a shopping spree, then bitching to my friends about how I’m broke. That’s a double win, friendship AND bank account score!
Light rose lips
Mariano Rivera has at least one thing in common with God – and I’m not talking about the productivity in the area of “saves” (sorry, bad joke). They both believe that everybody is a somebody. There are no throw aways. When God makes people he leaves a spotless cutting room floor. We are all made in the image of God. God’s kingdom is an interesting blend of exclusivity and inclusivity: only people who follow the Attractive Shepherd’s voice can be counted in, but everybody has sheep potential.
Next it was off to the 100% hands down, throw down, kick ass show of the festival: Robert Randolph. For those that are unaware, Robert Randolph plays pedal steel, but rather than country he easily switches between Hendrix riffing, gospel, and jamming good time music. I've seen about 6 times now and he never fails to disappoint. This time the entire band switched instruments. First, Robert went back to play the drums and the drummer played his guitar. Then the bass player came over to play drums and Robert played bass. Then the drummer was on bass and Robert was playing a regular guitar...all during the same song without stopping. It was awesome. I think it was quite bold of him to start the set with an instrumental version of Billy Jean, and even bolder to end with Black Sabbath's War Pigs.
My publisher is also an author, and he's written a book called AIREL. It's about a teenager who hasn't found out she's an angel yet, and a sick group of other fallen creatures who are after her. Story line is pretty tight. I think Emery would be a cool side character in that book. She'd be that cool chick in the corner nobody pays attention to except to stare at her creepy mask. Fits with the whole theme of AIREL also, of feeling like you don't belong. For Arson, I'd put him in I am Legend. For those who haven't read it, it's much better than the Will Smith version, and it's actually about vamps. Creepy, gross vamps. Robert Neville is this vampire hunter, and I think he could use a sidekick, one who could create fire. I mean, how much easier would it be to nuke a bunch of vampires instead of having to stake em or constantly be using garlic? It'd be so sick.
C: … may press con
George Laird
I took the quail to the customer.The only defence I have is I would rather have eaten the quail than the cream with optional extras...
The external action of the EU seeks to build and secure peace around the world, support social and economic development outside its borders in order to defend and promote the values and interests of the Member States. This is done by maintaining good relations with countries around the world, creating strategic partnerships with key international players, becoming deeply engaged with emerging powers, signing agreements with neighbouring states and being represented by a network of EU Delegations abroad.
Pacquiao is a hero by virtue of his boxing ability and skill. Rizal is a national hero by virtue of his brilliance, courage and greatness.
In her statement she said: "The comments I made were in protest at the treatment of Palestinians in Gaza and the West Bank and the treatment of Israeli Arabs."
Simple L-girders were made from scrap 3×1 and 2×1 in eight locations around the circumference, spaced evenly.
Rules and Guidelines: Circle Blog Challenges are open to Cricut Circle Members only. Your project must be newly created for this challenge and include atleast 2 Cricut Image Cuts. You must submit a project to be entered into the Challenge Prize Drawing. One entry per person, please.
1 lb of fresh okra, ends cleaned, cut in halves if too long
This morning, early, sometime before his alarm goes off, he puts my hand – you know where – waking me up. Well, I did the wifely thing and held on to him for him, but all I wanted to do was sleep.
What do thirteen year olds like? I try to figure it out and end up watching Hannah Montana, Jackass, Funny Home Videos, and Mr. Ed...some clips of Faith the Two-Legged Dog, and finally decide to look into some Mad Libs. I think that's pretty close to what they like. I think.
Puckered Jalapeño Frozen Margarita serves 2
century after the lava has erupted.
In January 1995 I had enough, I surrendered and told in a meeting with the parish church board about my feelings, that I had done a lot of good work for the church, using my energy on G-d and I also told about my sexuality. I thought I would be met with understanding and respect, (I have always been a hopeless optimist!) but I had misjudged the whole situation. To simply surrender myself completely unprotected and vulnerable, I was an easy target! I was surrounded by seven board members and all read from the Book of Leviticus and how G-d condemns such acts. I got out of hand a one way ticket to H..L! Someone came up with the idea to “get a girl somewhere who could cure my homosexuality”, exorcism was even mentioned and examples what had happened to another homosexual man who had been a member of the congregation,
Wi’een an’ wi’ hert rinnin’ owre, we shall see
Ok, that really didn't seem like that was enough to make up for the blogging hiatus, but it'll have to do. We're headed to Nashville this weekend to celebrate the 4th! We can't wait to see our friends and Laney is excited to show off her new walking skills.
Do you remember when you were a child, and you believed you could fly if you just ran hard enough and leapt? I’m not proposing you do anything like that might possibly cause bodily harm, but I am asking you to consider what it was that allowed you to take that flying leap off that porch, or deck? Was it ignorance? Maybe just a little. Was it foolishness? Again, maybe a bit. But I submit to you that it was something else. Something that as you watched reality, grownups and negative people snuff out your dreams (some rightfully so), died within you. Something that seemed a lot more fun than the harsh “reality” of life.
Then I asked, “Okay, what is good about this gray, drizzly, depressing day? Well, I’m alive and aware enough to realize that it is a day. At this moment, it’s not raining. The sky is gray, but the flowers all around me are vibrant–all different shades of blue, yellow, purple, pink, red, and orange. The neighborhood is peaceful and quiet; the only sounds are birds. I’m grateful for a fully functioning body–legs, arms, eyes, lungs, everything works freely and without pain. In fact, my body feels great all over. My mind is clear, the air is fresh, and my beautiful, happy dogs are by my side.”
“It’s OK, baby. I’ll take her out if she has to go.”
There is a danger in being too wedded to your idea, a character, or a line in a poem. At times for the work to develop, to reach some kind of conclusion, you have to be ruthless and take it out. I once struggled with a poem, this was when I was a student, in the early 1980’s, and essentially the conceit was comparing Noah building his ark to the installation of cruise missiles into the UK. Not the best idea I have ever come up with, but it had legs. The trouble was I had this middle section that I was in love with that just didn’t fit, but I was just too enamoured with the whole thing to see that. I could have had two poems, but in the end I did not have one. I soldiered on with this hybrid, off and on, for about six months. In the end I put it away, puzzled why it would not work. Years later I looked at it again and realised what the trouble was, but the moment has gone, the Soviet Union had collapsed and the missiles had gone.
Image: "Fantasy II" by Joseph Cornell
Hitting it from the top - as a matter of fact, Burma is actually the only country in S.E.A, that needed me to apply for a Visa. No wonder I had missed it out from the list, a few years ago and rather fly off to Europe that didn't require Visa whatsoever. However, this makes things rather incomplete for me and one thing for sure - I MUST meet Burma. But that's just me, of course.
It's clear from the beginning that this version of Thyestes is primarily about the relationship between two brothers. The show has a genuinely Freudian edge, and not just in its unafraid confrontations of sexuality. Its increasing sense of disturbance is in how it echoes those dark jealousies that only exist between siblings, and that can continue lifelong, coloured into adulthood by the uncontrolled passions of infancy. Chrysippus's murder is at first presented as the originatory crime from which emerges the others, but as this bloody family history unrolls before us, it becomes clear that even this is an echo of earlier crimes, that these brothers are trapped in a hell of repetition that is the curse of their family.
The Elvis Presley career is always classified as three main areas, the rockin' 50's, the Hollywood 60's and the Vegas 70's. The middle period gets dismissed by all and sundry as a wasted decade of crap films and rubbish songs. To a large degree that's right, but there are some wonderful songs dotted about, it's just a case of wading through it to find the gems. By 1964 proper rock 'n' roll was hard to come by, with the exceptions standing out like lighthouses in a storm. Big Al Downing and Jack Scott spring to mind but the pickings were slim. That's what I find fascinating about tracks like Elvis' Hard Knocks. For the time and in the backdrop of the time, this was a spirited stab at hard rockin'.
Reward and recognition is a feedback process; for teachers, a quality feedback process is as much about students reflecting on information as it is about students receiving it. The same holds for leaders. As teachers and leaders we want to recognize high performance. Recognition as feedback can be applied by the leader, by the teacher, and by student peers.
Let me give an aside for just a moment. Being both a Civil War student and having a rather intense interest in the life of General Thomas “Stonewall” Jackson my family stopped in Lexington, Virgina as part of a vacation. Part of that visit was some time spent at VMI. While there we could not help but notice a rather ubiquitous quote from the famous military leader: “You may be whatever you resolve to be.”
To a land we trust. Trust in love.
The modern understanding of history is one of tracing a narrative of cause and effect. There are variations within that, as to how much is attributed to mass social and economic movements, and even ineluctable geographical and environmental currents, and how much to the decisions and actions of individuals. It is a problem with the latter that many of those decisions and actions are hard to analyse, and the motivations and reasoning underlying them even more so. This has tended to push historians in the direction of undervaluing the individual. Not long ago it was decidedly fashionable to dismiss all concentration on individuals with a sniff as “great man” history. That helps emphasise how much the historical narration of cause and effect is about movements, society, class, economy: they are larger and more measurable than individual people, decisions and actions.
Even on this day, a Singaporean news outlet also made a visit to the set to cover the drama. The broadcast also reflected Rooftop Prince’s popularity abroad as fans from 35 different countries were seen coming to visit and offered gifts.
I love the simple elegance of this Valentine's card using one of the new paper packs from CTMH and my Cricut Art Philosophy cartridge. I like the look of using the negative space and tried my hand at machine stitching on my art for the first time (it was almost my last when my thread snagged six stitches in). The bow was made with our new baker's twine.
Robert / The D.C.
We finally warmed our house with friends and family.
Have a wonderful day–enjoy the sunshine, rejoice in the fact that today is the last official day of winter, and go make yourself an avo-dilla!
Something..., if you allow me to say, "bland"?
My favorite function are; Nudge, Timestretch & copy/paste. In Pro Tools, the most used plugins are Filterbank, TC Master X5, Echo Farm, D-Verb & Fairchild 660.
Hey, guys, I’m here today to talk about the great new PG-13 lighthearted comedy, The Roommate! I don’t know why it has 4% on Rotten Tomatoes! It’s such a fun-filled romp! It’s got charmingly pretty characters, a nice college setting that will show your pre-teens what college is going to be like and lots and lots of hi-larious jokes and slapstick/body humor, as well as a nice romance on the side to keep you hopeless romantics suckered in. What could possibly go wrong?
Even with the regular croissants, I couldn't pass up the chocolate croissant as well, made using the same lamination technique, folded around 2 bars of chocolate. I couldn't help but eat one of these immediately as I needed a little pick me up for the walk around the city, and as always, it was absolutely delicious!
But either way, that closet is way too crowded, and someone should help open up the door.
According to Board of Corrections reports, as many as seven executions are possible in Oklahoma this year, which would be double the annual average. In 2001, the state executed a record 18 inmates.
As for the plot, I don't dare tell more for risk of spoilers. Just know that Gidney's girlfriend, Lilly, is an important part of it. Gidney and Lilly share many touching scenes together. (No pun intended. Ha ha ... ) The book also features many other colorful characters, like his clever, albino attorney, various ruthless ganstas and a diva actress who tries to seduce Gidney while impaling his foot with her spike-heeled shoe. Nice! And as is customary for hardboiled mysteries, this one's got twists and turns aplenty.
Response received:
Add your vege's and cook
Gideon knew that he was on dangerous ground for he feared the anger of God. He didn’t take God at his word. He didn’t want to believe God in the first sign. He had to have another, which shows a distinct lack of faith. He should have taken God at His word for he said in both verses 36 and 37, “as thou hast said.”
We can spend lots of money to go out for dinner, but honestly, dinner on the patio is so much more relaxed, and a fraction of the cost. Everything at dinner tonight was bought without setting foot in a chain grocery store. The entire meal, minus wine, cost about twelve bucks.
Successes in business to business
This book has many 4 star reviews so and for the first couple of chapters I honestly thought I would be giving it the same however I wonder if the reader needs to be more of a teenager than someone hitting 40.
So I text you back, “give me 20mins” (proof five: my idiocy). I cancel drinks with Kate, jump in the car and drive to where you are – but now you’ve moved on.
Mattison DR. Introduction to male and female reproductive system. Stellman J (Ed.). Encyclopaedia of Occupational Health and Safety, ILO, Geneva. Reproductive system. 1998; Volume 1: 9.1-9.30.
Sorry to waffle on... I'm just so relieved to have tidied up my head and made a decision!
In rare places, light found refuge in smooth stone or glass and burst forth in opposite directions for the equally rare who might see it; again the diligent or timely fortunate. It proffered up a tender reminder of its radiance and warmth for a sparse audience; most of whom were anxiously awaiting it, seeking a springboard to the impending darkness. One watched more closely than the rest, and for good reason.
And there are other reasons. Ministry is a networking game a lot of the time, and Adam’s been working in ministry in Tucson for eleven years. It’s difficult to translate that into a job across the country. Which, of course, brings up the fact that Syracuse has a sad, sad job market. Sure the cost of living is lower, but taxes are higher and with jobs scarce . . . anyway.
Main characters introduced: 8
Suave starts to introduce hour number two when he’s violently yanked out of his chair by Attack Watch. AW decks Suave with a wicked right hand and drags him up to the ring apron. He places Suave in the piledriver position- head between his knees, and piledrives him through the broadcast table.
when they weren't in ear shot we played the name game:
We’ve obviously GOT to talk about what happened last night on the X Factor.
It wasn't a rabbit -- or a hedgehog, or a frog -- or anything remotely cute. The first living things Beatrix Potter wrote about were fungi.
This has been an introspective week, or even month. My very dear friend, whose blog link appears here, "lost" her mother this week. (Lost is such a strange term in the situation of passing on or transitioning, isn't it?) Kathy's mother was the same era as my mother; they were less than 3 1/2 years apart, with my mother being born in the fall of 1910, and Kathy's mother in 1914. My mother has been gone for a decade now, and the emotions still catch me off guard. I must say, losing one's mother is something that one never gets over, no matter what the relationship was.
7) Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant
We went camping this past weekend. We pitched our tent and then she asked me, “What’s wrong?”
And I haven’t stopped writing; I just haven’t got around to posting yet. So prepare your good selves for a deluge of semi-Biblical proportions. There’s been a bit going on in the Beer World in general and my Beer World specifically and I just can’t wait to share it all in glorious detail with you all, my patient loyal readers.
155 – Jason Saggo (6-1) def. Keven Morin (5-4) via TKO (ground-and-pound) at 3:49 of Round 3.
I just saw a list of the Top Ten Things people waste money on posted by the Wall Street Journal and the number one killer is…
Behold, two formidable steel structures by Richard Serra.
the drawings depict real objects ranging from soulful shoes to marvelous mermaids (see illustration at Sandy's blog), they are also meant to be strings, the guidelines used in zentangle to create sections on the page. The drawings are wide and open, leaving lots of room for tangles. I found the drawings fun to look at, but was amazed at how they came to life as I colored and tangled them. In fact, Sandy sums it up perfectly, in her Letter from the Editor, which is found on the inside cover:
Last week we had a small bomb detonate in the apartment complex I live in. The block around the apartment which held the bomb was evacuated, and the street shut down. I did some laundry.
The Empire of the Eagle fell in flames,
As the trio exit the TARDIS I beg the question: Why does everyone have to wear capes? Ed replies "did they still have travelling capes? - I travelled here today, should I have worn a cape?" Only a short while in and we get our first glimpse of the Meddling Monk, played beautifully, and somewhat tongue in cheek by the glorious Peter Butterworth. Ed notices that the Monk has a ring just like the Doctors. Something I never noticed before. Steven refers to the Doctor as Doc, to which he replies, "Don't call me Doc." A line which will be repeated years on by Richard Hundall in The Five Doctors.
I looked up ways to remove stain and discover that strong bleach can do the trick. I applied heavy duty Outdoor Bleach onto the wood and tried scrubbing it down, but no luck there.
It’s a point I agree with so much that I wrote a piece about the same thing, last year. Here’s a link to that one, too. Basically, both articles point out that in our desire to eliminate ALL risks, we create new ones, like the risk of kids not getting a feel for what’s safe or not, and not feeling confident about facing the world in general. And not getting exercise!
THE WINNER: KURT ANGLE!!!!!!!!!
I only heard Courtney cry one time: It was on the phone the evening that they received the diagnosis. She was understandably freaked out and scared shitless and we sobbed together over how fucked up and unfair life can be sometimes. But once the doctors gave her a plan and a path to go down, she was an unstoppable force who never, ever, for one second let her daughters know that she had any fear whatsoever. All they saw was positivity, strength, and grace. She drew inspiration from the remarkable courage that Georgia showed each and every day and, as a result, inspired those of us who watched from the sidelines. And I’m happy to report that Georgia is doing great—she’s in full remission and started back to school this past fall. Her hair is growing back (so is Courtney’s), and they’re heading to Disney World for her birthday this year—a world away from where their family was December 30th of last year.
Richard Barnbrook, BNP Member
Source: Dispatch
and besides,
Hi team 2(Molly, Richard and Marc),
* Include the name of your blog and a short description of what your linking up.
I think that I am tired now. The great grandparents will be in town this week. The spouse wants the kids to save all of these fun questions for them.
Brent Weeks wrote The Night Angel Trilogy, about assassins. It was completly anything unlike I expected. I thought it would be a romping adventure, something like Assassin’s Creed, with a super-hero-ish slick assassin. Instead, it was about an orphaned street kid trying to apprentice to a really ugly, totally unpersonable assassin. And they use magic-like powers in their trade. It was good, just unexpected.
Hubbie and I watched Survivor on TV and then I did weekly paperwork and payed bills.
"We must remember that this Supreme Court decision not only protects a woman’s health and reproductive freedom, but also affirms a broader principle: that government should not intrude on private family matters"...Obama said Sunday that reducing the number of abortions was something that everyone could agree to, whether they supported or opposed abortion rights.
Sat, 9:32pm: U! S! A! U! S! A! Looking good!
chic city apartments look like ...
12 Ride A Rainbow 3:05 5.65
We see from Acts 28:1 that the “certain island” was Melita or modern day Malta. It was, and is, a major island on the south ofSicily. Incidentally, on the north side of present dayMaltathere is a bay, an inlet of water called, of all things,St. Paul’s Bay. Can you guess why such a name?
I pulled this image out of my pile of 'already stamped' stuff and I think it is an art impressions, but I can't be totally sure. Of course I coloured him with copics, but used LOTS of pencils for shading.
And it’s looking more and more like Solyndra executives didn’t just suffer from bad business sense. It appears they deliberately misled the administration about the state of the company’s finances as recently as July of this year.
The FBI said three were arrested on charges of conspiracy and trying to use explosives to damage property affecting interstate commerce. They were identified as Brandon L. Baxter, 20; Douglas L. Wright, 26; and Anthony Hayne, 35. Their hometowns were not provided.
I’m on to you, Mr. Horowitz. If you write another one (please!) I’ll be more wary.
3) Increase or decrease the soy sauce and pepper quantity as per your taste buds.
Release: Caring And Killing 1997
Recently my husband and I became motivated by a free trip to Hawaii contest. We thought it would be incredible to work really hard, win and then take the boys to Hawaii to see real volcanoes.
Like Mia, I was unsure of what I wanted to do when I graduated. I thought about studying law, which meant I had to take the LSATs, but I’m a terrible test taker. So I decided to stay at school for the summer, do the Stanley Kaplan course and test before the fall semester buried me in other studies.
Chicken Broth A frequent symptom of the common cold, especially in kids is loss of appetite. Making a good Overnight Broth will help thwart that cold, especially if you include the spices turmeric, ginger and garlic in making your broth. I try to keep some broth on hand when I make it but it rarely lasts long enough to keep some. If I don’t make a soup, my kids will drink the broth straight out the pan,
Maybe in about a week...or so.
Emmet is a beauty. As regards my own kidneys, well, the radiographer couldn't even find them initially, they are that small now. Total losers.
These supporters include Governor Pataki, Mayor Bloomberg, U.S. Senator Charles Schumer, Congressman Edolphus Towns, Congressman Gregory W. Meeks, Congressman Anthony Weiner, Public Advocate Betsy Gotbaum, Comptroller William C. Thompson, Jr. and Brooklyn Borough President Marty Markowitz to name just a few.
Of course this got my fertile brain moving this morning, the caffeine is kicking in, and we might just run a little competition this summer. Closing date August 31_ take your hat on the road, and send us the pics.
this lovely slapstick stamp by Penny Black and a 15% off lifetime discount from our friend Dick of PB Stamps, thank you kindly Dick!!
The Canadian Centre for Occupational Health and Safety has required that at a distance of 350 meters outside, a wind energy project would have a noise level between 35 and 45 dB. In Sweden sound pressure level for noise from wind turbines is 40 dB near dwellings. Denmark has a limit outside dwellings of 45 dB and for sensitive wild areas 40 dB. French legislation specifies an emergence of 3 dB over background noise at night and 5 dB over background noise daytime. Great Britain also considers background noise and population density in calculations but wind farm noise should be limited to an absolute level within the range of 35-40 dB. In the U.S. individual states and counties regulate wind farm noise standards and guidelines. These regulations vary in limits from a 55 db daytime to an extremely low 30 dB in Whatcom County in Washington. Most states and counties are well within the range of World Health Organization recommendations for any type disturbing evening noise to be limited to 40 dB.
unless you’ve walked in these shoes you just don’t “get it”.
Haven't been published yet? Every awesome photoshoot you take, I recommend to edit a copy of the high res photos NOW so you have stock photos ready to submit. When magazines wish to feature you, they are strict with deadlines and you don't want to bypass an awesome opportunity when offered a chance.
Sparrow Road is the beautifully written story of what it means to be left and the mark that leaves. It’s a story of family, the one people are born with and the ones that they make.
That scene is contrasted against a conversation with a different friend who takes a breakup much more in stride, ending with an amazing, mysterious moment in which this woman pulls off her headscarf to reveal a close-cropped, shaved head, simultaneously laughing and crying as the driver asks her why she did this. She can't articulate it, but there's a real element of catharsis in this scene, a sense that the woman just wanted to do something to define herself, to express her independence in some way. Even the sight of her taking the veil off is electrifying, in a culture where virtually all the women wear these scarves, never showing their heads or their hair in public.
Thank you for stopping by to see my new "Never Forget Angel".
Hello, dear reader, if you are still with me. It has been yonks since I last posted. I think I've responded to all the individual e-mails asking where I was (thank you so much for those), but just in case, I thought I'd do a wee post here. My brother was hit by a car nearly a month ago and things were not looking good for a while, so I have been spending a lot of time down in England. Things are much improved now and he is out of hospital and recuperating, but it was very scary at first.
I just realised that I still have this blog.
I figured eHarmony is supposed to produce high quality matches on 29 points of compatibility. E-gads! Who knew that included a thousand stupid questions; I just realized-after answering 98-they are totally optional. That’s after answering all the questions in order to develop your personality profile. And after answering what you’re most passionate about and what you value, and what you want in a mate. Stuff that shows up on your profile and stuff the computer program uses to match you according to an algorithm with people who have written similar words.
Average bosses see change as both complicated and threatening, something to be endured only when a firm is in desperate shape. They subconsciously torpedo change … until it’s too late.
I guess today passes for being relatively normal but certainly slower paced than so many years of my life. There continues to be so much to think about. I didn't even mention what's happening, or not happening, in D.C. where we still don't have a budget. More than a few other critical items are pending there. Perhaps tomorrow some issues will move closer to resolution, or not.
Or maybe, as my wise business partner suggested to me this morning, he just didn’t have the right words to tell me he idolized me, which would be lovely, and much less pressure…
“If I told you once, I’ve told you a million times. Don’t exaggerate!”
For this challenge we want to see Summertime! You can use any sentiment you want but the theme of the card/project must have something to do with summer!
You'd like The Teenage Liberation Handbook, How To Quit School and Get a Real Life and Education, by Grace Llewellyn. I haven't mentioned it before now because I think your dad would really hate me for putting these ideas in your head, but damn it, they are already there, cuz you are a smart thinking individual!
IMPORTANT: Turn them over so the bottom part goes up to top.
I was reading Numbers 12 this morning and was amazed at how God did the same for Moses. So, here’s the story…in my words, of course.
7) The player that gets rid of all her cards first, wins.
Grilled Jalapeno-Lime Shrimp (Weight Watchers PointsPlus value: 8): A hearty portion of grilled chipotle lime shrimp and black bean corn salsa tossed with lime juice and chopped cilantro, served on a mix of grilled zucchini, marinated tomatoes, onions & red peppers with steamed white rice.
Anyway, the “lovebirds” give Grandma their news and she’s taken aback but pleased. She tells them to have an engagement party first. Tae Mu’s scheming dad is happy with this development and shares the info with his son. Tae Mu, who is now enraged, confronts Se Na in a stairwell. Once again, she tells him that it is over and asks that they never meet like this again. She walks out in the hallway, he chases after her, grabs her arm and our dear Yi Gak witnesses this.
I popped in for a visit and shared a cuppa with mum and dad this afternoon.
Some people take their gym clothes to the gym in a backpack and change when at the gym and then change out before going home. By doing this, they are allowing the disease causing germs to have a place to rest and regenerate. There are also those who wear their gym clothes back home. These people are spreading the organisms to their car, to their home, and anywhere else, they happen to go while in them.
James 1:17 Every good and perfect gift is from above, coming down from the Father of the heavenly lights, who does not change like shifting shadows.
He's "extremely fond" of me.
So, Angela, welcome to Zigzag Road and can you tell us how long you've been writing?
Terminal Illness Getting sick at the airport
Our iris have continued to put on quite a display this spring. They’re scattered in several beds around the yard, so we can enjoy them out of just about every widow in the house. I shared four of our irises in an earlier post (click HERE), and I will now show four more.
After I threw some paint samples on the wall to dry, the hubs and I started to wallpaper. This was my third time wallpapering, and his only time. My first two attempts weren’t quite as successful as they could have been as they were done solo (partner highly recommended for wallpapering!), so we followed the directions to a tee. We measured and precut all of the pieces we would need with the pattern perfectly matched up, filled the tray with the perfect temperature water, and primed the walls with size. I soaked it in the water for the recommended 15-20 seconds, rolled it out evenly and booked for the proper length of time. The first strip went up fairly easy. We started smoothing it over, full of anticipation of what our joint effort could bring. Dum dum dum. There it was. Our first strip of wallpaper. It looked pretty good, except for the sides were curling. Everywhere. We tried a multitude of tools to smooth the edges down, and nothing worked. I felt deflated.
It is here that I will meet them. As I walk along the corridors trying too find their room, I may come across other ghosts from the past. Queen Victoria perhaps who once stayed here, or better still, Salvador Dali who used to spend at least one month per year at this hotel. His behaviour was often predictably eccentric; on one occasion he asked staff to bring a herd of sheep to his room, then shot at them with a pistol after they had been delivered.
It was only in the complete lack of these things in my life that I realized how I couldn’t go on without doing them in some capacity. I was initially scared by the thought of being a starving artist- that and I doubted my own talents. I realized this thinking has been ingrained into me from a very early age. I never considered music as a career, although I did want to be a composer. The broad range of musical styles that I could of accessed was not made known to me, and the thought of doing rigid classical music was too constraining for me. At classical piano competitions, accuracy was always favored over expression. At one competition, I happened to play the same song as one other girl. She played the notes and rhythms perfectly, but did not use any dynamics. While I didn’t get all the rhythms correctly as written, I used expression. When she won, a career in classical music more or less was no longer of interest to me. There were encouraging moments, but the presence of a right or wrong is always stifling.
In the quiet of my home, I hear Him speak to me, those three same words, we use out of politeness; so I respond knowing that God isn’t overly burdened and weighed down.
4. Cover & simmer for 2-3 minutes.
Selasie Richards is the name of the gangsta wearing the green T-shirt and pale blue knee-length shorts. Like Dougie, he is also armed with a pump-action shotgun but his is a sawed-off version with a much shorter barrel and no butt. His hair is just turning grey, making him the oldest member of my gang.
How are all of you doing? How do you battle the munchies? And lastly, how often do you workout?
The advancement of education of the public and in particular but not so as to limit the generality of the foregoing:
that takes the edges off the day
ODIs- 262, Wickets- 416, Avg- 23.84, 4W- 27, Best- 7/36
4. Marcel Proust "Swann's Way" (Lydia Davis translation)
That wasn't a one off either. He started talking about himself in the same way.
Until then, I’ve got a couple of other running events to look forward to and train for. I’ve signed up with some co-workers for the Warrior Dash in Elizabethtown, Ky., June 23 (more on that in a separate post) and I’m finally going to tackle the Bluegrass 10K that I was aiming for last year on July 4. I also have a goal of bettering my 5K PR from last year’s Race for the Cure of 27:26 at an upcoming 5K (just haven’t chosen one yet). So there are things to look forward to when it comes to running and training.
She stretches out her hand, not the right one--the primary one--but her 'second' hand that isn't as strong or coordinated, the one that usually takes second seat, plays second fiddle, to the other, always being 'left' behind. Yet it holds a moment of love upon its finger that leads to infinity and straight to the heart, and it provides for balance like the scales of all the experiences. It holds the pot steady while the other stirs and blends and creates. It steadies the page for the other to write. The second hand allows the other to be free and flowing.
I feel a little lost. What does returning from a mission broken and dead have to do with the new type of stalker undead? What does Shyla’s rescue have to do with it?
There was no book lack in Angers, as Paul Phillips, the leading critic of Burgess's music, was able to launch his new book on the subject. I cannily managed to purchase an unsigned copy, which I think will be a rare item in future...
Placements can also be a great way to build confidence. Going out into the world of industry can be scary and doing this with the help, support and structure of the university is an invaluable opportunity.
"Daughter, I did not come to give you a full life. I came to give you life to the full."
Why not just put on a big cardboard billboard that says: I don’t care about myself.
notes, is all about being “committed to making the sort of high-quality, high-performance, innovative products for which the world will pay extra.” The choice is ours — and it starts with the beer in your fridge. I have only one problem here: the analogy is flawed. Even at ten bones a sixer, beer remains a huge value when compared with good liquor or wine. It's true that Grain Belt is cheaper, but the distance between Bud and Sierra Nevada is pretty slight in absolute terms. The analogy may point to something real in the economy--though David's evidence is actually pretty thin--but I would hate to have it rise and fall on the example of craft beer. It's still a pretty cheap thrill.
But people’s lives are full of strange twists and turns, and since novel is but a reflection of life, should there be not such twists and turns in a novel?
The Incubator project, popularly known as Micro Mercantes, has roots as an informal cooperative of Latino tamale vendors. However, a high demand for culturally specific training opportunities, as well as a large market for local food in Portland has led Hacienda CDC to restructure the program to serve more entrepreneurs. Participants will now follow a structured three-year curriculum and culminate in the soft-launch of their own business. This model opens the program up to a stream of participants instead of serving a static group.
As a "first girlfriend", my now wife never expressed any interest in flowers. I knew the names of many flowering trees and she did not. She never took my mother up on her invitations for a walk around the garden or a visit to local nurseries. Most importantly however, she never actually asked me to bring her flowers.
Now that my emo moment has passed I will tell you about the suds. The annexing of the Extra Special Bitter monogram into an autumnal ale both physically and textually causes quite a stirring in my cranium. Mainly because it's troublesome to separate, examine and dissect the expectant parts and thus I won't. It starts out surprisingly sour like something you'd expect from the Jolly Pumpkin line of ales and then morphs into many parts goodness. The main corpus is a thick hop zing that tingles your tongue like a happy herpes sore and languidly evolves into a dark malt and dull powdered chocolate affect. Not in a bad way at all because it lingers there like hot chocolate does after you've long finished it off and puts you into a sort of coma of self-indulgent relaxation. While there's some toastiness on the periphery it comes across more as a remnant of some burnt chocolate pudding crust and makes you go "nom nom nom" before you fall flat on your face into the couch cushions and die slow and happily only to be resurrected a few hours later.
Want to learn more? Check out what game enthusiast, Fatal1ty thinks about the new Skype app at the original link for this post listed below.
So while it is easy to find what you need online, you have to know what you are looking for. Here enters the bookstore or the music store or even the video rental store. Places where you can walk the aisles and be intrigued by the covers looking back at you. You can hear a song playing in the background that catches your ear or, as is the case with Blue Heron and most small businesses, you can talk to someone with a passion for the material on the shelves. Someone that could recommend books/music/movies to you. Someone that can steer you to something different and that understands everyone’s taste is different.
04/02/2007 73.63
In the dark boathouse, Skip does the typical slasher "Hello? Anyone in here?" routine, so his fate is pretty much sealed. Another slasher film cliche, a cat, leaps onto Skip's face from out of nowhere. (Incidentally, I saw the film Horrible Bosses this weekend, and it featured a really funny running gag about this...go see it, the movie's funny as Hell) Skip recovers from his fright, flicks open a lighter, then is snatched into the darkness by an unseen assailant. Bye, Skip.
Besides the million things are craving my attention on the home front I have an aunt who passed away recently in a very untimely manner - but when I think of her - a very cheery face comes to my mind who was always smiling and ready to get into a kitchen and cook up a storm for her guests at a mo's notice - a very nice way to remember someone I must say and I wish I could always be remembered smiling but that is not one of my best traits - (*Note to self: Smile more often and spread happiness... it's very contagious)
Lovely, hidden in a quiet street walking distance from Union Square, this boutique has every type of dress for anyone who envisions a truly extraordinary and unique dress. It’s style appealed to my romantic and vintage tastes, and the staff was warm and unaffected from the Wedding Industrial Complex. We ate sushi on a rainy New York day, and then spent a wonderful hour playing dress-up at Lovely. It was very fun.
This week we are sponsored by Simon Says Stamps. They are offering a $20 gift voucher to their shop. They carry an amazing selection of crafting supplies. Go check them out and send them some Creative Card Crew love!
Separate the potato dough into six pieces. Roll each piece into a log and cut into squares no bigger than 1 inch. Sprinkle flour over the pieces before moving them aside so they do not stick together.
‘They have been many and varied. Perhaps the foremost is that a huge number of social action groups on a range from housing to planning to the environment have got their issues widely publicized locally and this has often resulted in positive action in their favour.
The menus at the Branded Chain Pub offer a multitude of options and variations.
The reason why I haven't wrote in my blog for the past couple weeks (up until a couple days ago) has been because I've been busy starting my website for my photography. CSS code sucks by the way. Anyways, I've been designing it, editing pictures to post on the site, and figuring out pricing for individual prints. It's been a fun experience thus far and I'm excited to see what the future holds for me with my new career choice. I pray I make it.
The issue began in 2009, when someone, somewhere made some sort of complaint about a nativity scene on the grounds of the Loudoun County Courthouse, in Leesburg. I can’t tell you specific details, because they seem to be lost in the annals of time — only two years’ time, sure, but time, just the same. Which means, the current articles on the subject say things like, “The manger’s constitutionality was questioned in 2009.”
*SPICE NOTE: Pumpkin pie spice is available in most grocery store spice sections. To make your own, simply mix the following ground spices for 1 teaspoon of pumpkin pie spice: 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon, 1/4 teaspoon ginger, 1/8 teaspoon ground allspice or ground cloves, and 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg.
The image seemed to make him smile a lot, so I ended up pulling this first page out of my journal and giving it to him as a gift, “For you…gift.”
Private Equity 10
So essentially, Ptolemy, in developing
The book was well written and the stories had potential to engage. Unfortunately, I just didn't feel it. In it's favor, this is one of those books that stretched me. I had to pay attention and use my memory to link things I'd read (LOTR) to this novel. I learned quite a bit about the history of the Dominican Republic. I appreciate a fiction book that makes me feel smart for having read it. The setting and context were flawless.
Usha Martin Education & Solutions Limited has informed the Exchange regarding a press release dated October 26, 2010, titled “UMESL Q2 Performance has reported all round improvement in revenue and profitability”.
In the end I figured out that I never had to search for my idea of "God" very far at all. I came to the conclusion that what we all are searching for on the outside and beyond is actually very close to us....so close that it obscures our vision.
2 pouring
Puppy Girl
Boys aren't too picky, so the menu was simply hot dogs, watermelon, chips and veggies. They loved being able to double dip in their own cup of ranch dressing, and I kept them chilled by serving in a shallow pan of crushed ice.
I smeared some paint on the heart, and wiped it away, did a little sanding on it, and it turned out pretty close to what I had wanted ... Surprise surprise !
Vanilla ice cream with wine
If tidal dissipation is the largest source of heat in Io, then do we have observational evidence of Io
Scenario: You are at work, minding your biz, doin' your thang. Only you drunk a whole lot of lychee juice earlier, and now it decides it wants out. No biggie. You go to the toilet, walk into an available stall... and you find some dirty bastard has done a reversie. Well, they probably haven't actually done a reversie, but there is shit coating the bowl. Gag... But you can't walk out now and find another stall, how weird would that look? So you hold your nose and try to look away, while still keeping your eye on the game.
And specific to the South African scenario – HIV infection. Adjacent to the highway, a billboard of LoveLife, the HIV/AIDS awareness campaign, reads ‘Famous Last Words: We Were Drunk – Use a Condom.” My 9 year old daughter was able to pick apart the flawed logic. “What’s a condom?” she asked. Then, after an explanation (more premature than I would have preferred, I might add), “oh, I thought it was something that prevents you from getting drunk”.
And he said he flunked the driving test the first time he tried to get his license back. Crenshaw called it a mistake -- he thought he had a 10-year license instead of a five-year license.
After spending about 5 days searching i realized,
No matter how you apportion the praise or blame, the net effect is the same. Thousands of years of qualitative breeding on family-run farms begat cows producing a few thousand pounds of milk in their lifetimes; a mere 70 years of quantitative breeding optimized to suit corporate imperatives quadrupled what all previous civilization had accomplished. And the crazy thing is, we’re at the cusp of a new era in which genomic data starts to compress the cycle of trait improvement, accelerating our path towards the perfect milk-production machine, also known as the Holstein dairy cow.”
We've had thunder here most of the afternoon, but the storm isn't here..over the mountains a bit. Definitely the weather will break soon because it's been so very hot.
The National Film Preservation Foundation is the independent, nonprofit organization created by the U.S. Congress to help save America’s film heritage. They work directly with archives to rescue endangered films that will not survive without public support.
Sitting at an all-guys table has some distinct advantages, a minimum of forced conversation and the barest effort to complete lame, "team-building" exercises being the two that come to mind. The primary disadvantage is that no one wants to volunteer to be our table's speaker. Fortunately we have a go-getter dad at our table and it practically defaulted to him.
It looks so shimmery and awesome!
Between lines of conversation
He cloaked himself as a person would. He had been injured previously in a small riot and didn't want to reveal what state he was in. Not everyone in Sharn had been ready for his ideas, and he was ready to suffer for it. His radical movement was still smaller than he wanted, but it was gaining momentum. Precisely the reason why the Lord of the Blades wanted to meet with him, or so he thought.
Once the building begins, it's going to be 4 months before they finish so I'll have plenty of time to gather new ideas for my new place since a lot is going to be changing and I can't wait :D
I am so humbled by the response I have gotten from my videos. You guys are so amazing! I really can't thank you enough for your amazing comments and support so I wanted to show you my appreciation...
Aroma/Bouquet (0-4): It's hard not to be influenced by the name. I expect grapefruit and I get it, but I don't get it the way I do when I use a lot of Cascade hops. It reminds me of a soda, sort of a ginger ale/orange soda mashup. Or the way a Shirley Temple smelled when my dad would take us out drinking when on vacation. It brings back a flash of beloved childhood memories. 3 points.
“I cannot imagine any businessman could give away the amount when the deal is the same amount.
DO DETECTIVES THINK? (1927) ***
That's what I want my readers to do. When I have readers fighting among themselves on whether Dylan Chroz or Xander would win the bout on Jeopardy! (which is silly because Dylan would win unless Dante da Silva was playing, what with his 700+ years of experience to draw on). I want people to yell at the book, "Watch out!" or "You bastard!" or "You just made a real mistake, pal."
12 papers including solids
Today, Katie and Jen are as close as a mother and daughter should be. She still misses her real mom, and she always will, but now she considers Jenny her mom too. Her "other" mom. Not a replacement; not a substitute; but a mom. How far she has come in just under three years.
I could go on but I think you get the idea. Spring is manic; it’s the season of too many ideas and not enough time. All winter long you’ve thought about what you will do in the garden when you finally can, and now...ready set GO!
“This briefing paper and draft contempt report explains the case, to both Members of the Committee and the American people, for holding Attorney General Holder in contempt of Congress,” said Issa. “In describing the results of the Justice Department’s refusal to cooperate – including the hardships the family of a fallen Border Patrol agent have faced in seeking the truth, and retaliation against agents who blew the whistle on gunwalking – this briefing paper provides the facts, on which decisions will be made.”
But you need a point and shoot or two - for those days you're carrying a lot of groceries in the market a big camera is too much, or you're trying to be discrete. Or just a backup to the DSLR should it fail.
The drop of rain..
So for that, we raise a pint of Harpoon IPA to you – the craft beer drinker – who gave us the chance to grow, prosper and become what we are today.
�I can speak of my own case, where I was sentenced to 20 years hard labour for what I�ve written. I know that my freedom, my release, was linked to the GSP+ issue sometime ago.�
So how do interest rates affect the U.S. markets? First of all, interest is the cost to borrow money. When rates are low, consumers are more willing to borrow money to make big purchases. When they are high, consumers cut back and the economy moves along with sluggish productivity. Whenever interest rates are talked about, one commonly hears about the Fed funds rate. This is the rate that banks use to lend each other money. It can change daily and affects all other loan rates. It is often used as an indicator to show whether interest rates are rising or falling. These changes affect both inflation and recessions. To keep inflation under control, the Fed watches inflation indicators such as the CPI and the Producer Price Index (PPI). When interest rates are low (like they are now), consumers and businesses will increase spending, causing stock prices to rise (which we are seeing now as well). Interest rates also affect bond prices. There is an inverse relationship between bond prices and interest rates. The longer the duration of a bond, the more it will fluctuate in relation to interest prices. In conclusion, if the Fed funds rate is changed, it is going to send ripples through the entire economy.
6: Poem-
Mona’s family has had to face more tragedies in recent years.
K: P reminded me to do the "Brightened My Day" post
The taste isn’t exactly Gatorade, but it’s good, and to me, going back to Gatorade makes my face pucker. Even though it has about 3-4 times as much sugar as this homemade alternative.
Anybody watching in search of war scenes might be surprised by just how much of the film is made up of Ronald Colman fighting his own private battle behind closed doors. Colman stars as Dick Heldar, an artist tormented by unrequited love for a fellow-painter, and struggling to hold on to his failing sight long enough to complete his masterpiece, a portrait of poor Cockney girl Bessie Broke (Ida Lupino). I don’t think the film stands up as well as Beau Geste, but it does have powerful performances by both Colman and Ida Lupino, as well as atmospheric, shadowy black-and-white cinematography by Theodor Sparkuhl, with the pictures flickering in and out of focus as Heldar’s sight fades.
They were fined for that transgression, and yesterday decided not to buck the bosses again.
There will be opposition. They will come to your door seeking to challenge your faith. You will notice that all challengers are religious people. Should those of a religious sect gain the majority such opposition will become more dramatic and dangerous.
And are part of family.
An attorney from Baker Botts stood in front of a large conference room and said, you don’t want to have lived through the ’90s without having experienced a bankruptcy.”
But with her own destruction due,
Thoughts do run in my mind even now (duh!) but there is no one to banter or discuss or argue with, unlike while at work with colleagues around.
(There are many other versions available online. Lanza is nothing if not eager to communicate his ideas.)
65.129852, -147.470623
1/2 cup of unsalted butter, melted (coconut oil, or regular oil will work as well)
The trailer is very Ji Hwan-centric, only giving a hint of a hottie detective while focusing mostly on his unrefined version, who has no problem running the streets and jumping over car roofs when giving chase but struggles at shaping up.
…your mind says “I must return here”?
Drizzle the dressing over the slaw and toss well. Sprinkle sesame seeds if you wish. Chill 1 hr before serving.
I have come to the decision when we get home, that I will have to take some classes to update my resume and make myself more relevant to the current world. whether I choose to work when we get back to canada or not, its downright humiliating being upstaged and having less to offer (on paper) than a 17 year old, 85lb girl.
I know he's right, it's hardly 'reality' and the couples never even stay together. But that doesn't stop me from watching every silly episode of every silly season.
The creating of a web site with Australia Website Builder is one of the easiest ways to create an online presence. It is 100% guaranteed and in less than 30 minutes one can create a world class web site without one having to learn the manual or the download the software. Creating of a website is as easy as typing. One can easily create it online now. Later one can build, maintain and update the website at any time – 24 hours a day, 7 days a week or so.
Maybe some people insist on talking really loud into their mobile phone because they think I've got to know what's happening in their vastly important lives. You've probably heard those calls such as, 'HELLO! YEAH, I'M ON THE BUS AND IT'S ABOUT TO LEAVE THE DEPOT. NOT BEING FUNNY... TO BE HONEST, AT THE END OF THE DAY, YA KNOW, UM I'M GOING TO PROVE THAT UM THE DNA RESULTS PROVE THE KID UM AINT YOURS AND THAT IT'S ACTUALLY YOUR BROTHER'S KID...LOVE YOU....... SEE YA LATER! BYE ....'
Yet again, it is obvious that I need a digital camera, or really, any camera with me at all times. I’m walking across campus today when I see a guy in a full-on Donatello costume. Not the Renaissance sculptor mind you, the Ninja Turtle. Best part? He was carrying a backpack, as you do when you are a Ninja Turtle working towards that degree in, social work? Philosophy? Civil engineering? Hmm, should have asked him.
Stay tuned for some reviews and thoughts on our aero road bike offerings from Cervelo and Specialized. In the meantime, next time in you’re in the shop, take a look at Cervelo’s S series bikes or the Specialized Venge–you might be looking at your next bike.
All the really scenic spots.
For the girls, I used the 4th grade text as my outline for the year. I went through the course plans and picked out the main topic week by week, and used it to write up a general outline of subjects to study with the littles. I have enough odds and ends of science-y books that mostly I can work out of the home library to find some read alouds on the topic of the week.
And with this said we need to find a winner from last weeks Easter Challenge. Mr Random has done his work and found a winner! That would be entry no 95! KBrandy4! Congratulations to you!
This was also a recipe I got off Pinterest but its from Martha Stewart. It’s called Less-Mess Bacon and here is the recipe. Makes sweet, easy, delicious bacon. Vegetarians, look away…now!
The vadas can pretty much be eaten straight out of the pan, with a splash of ketchup and some warm coconut chutney, and indeed, they are a hugely popular in the South of India as a breakfast with along with a spicy stew called sambar. However, for a special ocasion this particular dish cannot be beaten. Best of all, its a 'make ahead' dish, which means you can store it in the fridge for a day or two, assembling just before you serve.
For the last two years I've tried to start a blog. And three times I've started over.
There were a variety of AC/DC tracks put forward. “Hells Bells”, “Highway To Hell”, “It’s a Long Way To The Top…”, “Back In Black”. I chose “Riff Raff” because katkasia said that her husband was adamant that it was the best air guitar riff ever. I loved the fact that she read my blog and then consulted her partner. Respect!
When we sit on the restaurant side, we’re always pleased with our experience. But if we’re going for a drink, we sit on the bar side, and that’s where the problems start. Make no mistake - it’s a nice place, the servers generally know their stuff, and they have an elite beer selection. But damn if I don’t end up aggravated every time I’m there. Whether it’s the 50-something couple whose makeout-induced spittle almost landed on my shoulder or the assholes who just finished 18 at the muni on the other side of highway who are harrassing the waitress and jostling our table, the people who drink there just piss me off. That and the fact that it is almost as long a drive as the Foundry means we only go here if we’re eating.
In a heatproof bowl set over a simmering pan of water, melt the butter and unsweetened chocolate. Stir until the butter and chocolate are melted. Remove bowl from the pan and set aside while preparing the rest of the recipe.
Thank you to all who bid for these items, and particularly to those who ended up buying: Cris, Andrew, Stephen, Susanna, Eduardo, Kylie, Nicole, Anna, Karlis, Terri, Annie & Barbara.
-You must be a follower of Ravenous Rowie
And despite all that, I loved it. I'm very excited to see more.
Let's quote from the Doubleday book "Free Ride," by Robert Levine. Or rather, the quote from it published in Rolling Stone, November 24 2011: "At what point did free music become a social cause? If artists want to give away their music, that's great. They just shouldn't have to do it when they don't want to." Oh. Well, then again, Mr. Levine, you probably know your book is being given away via eBook and mobi and you're being told to rationalize "the people who stole it wouldn't have bought it" and "get yourself a new paradigm" and "so what if the advance you got was minimum wage in terms of the time it took to write it, and your royalty check will be a joke."
Alex Abella, the author of Soldiers of Reason, is a Cuban-American living in Los Angeles who has written several well-received action and adventure novels set in Cuba and a less successful nonfiction account of attempted Nazi sabotage within the United States during World War II. The publisher of his latest book claims that it is “the first history of the shadowy think tank that reshaped the modern world.” Such a history is long overdue. Unfortunately, this book does not exhaust the demand. We still need a less hagiographic, more critical, more penetrating analysis of RAND’s peculiar contributions to the modern world.
*Turns out there is more than one reason to have a clean, uncluttered house. When the power goes out and an extra five people move in, you wish you had cleaned up a little better. Since my house was only half clean and half organized it was only half as chaotic as it could have been. (Or only half as efficient and orderly.)
Work continues to keep us busy but now with some promise of a little break ahead of me.
Experimentation. Ales and lagers that defy styles or categories. This is what we are about: our driving force, our passion. To further facilitate this innovative spirit, we've developed our Barrel-Aged Series, where anything, and we mean ANYTHING, goes! Brewed for those as adventurous as we are!
Several incidents have contributed to my racial awakening.
Driven to become a brilliant soldier and now given command of a small fort in the southwest, Marcus bravely leads his troops during a siege. Commended by Rome for his bravery, yet discharged from the army because of his severe wounds, Marcus convalesces, demoralized, in the villa of his Uncle Aquila (Donald Sutherland), a retired army man. When Marcus impulsively gets a young Briton’s life spared at a gladiatorial contest, Aquila buys the Briton, Esca (Jamie Bell), to be Marcus’ slave. Marcus is dismissive of Esca, who harbors a seething hatred of all things Roman. Yet Esca vows to serve the man who has saved his life.
The class is well on it's way to building routines and understanding the classroom rules. We are just about in the middle of October which is crazy when you really think about it. Time goes so quickly when you are busy.
1. Toyota Prius hatchback, 18,008
- Wearing no knickers is known as going commando!
Ultimately, however, it was just a cover. A beard. By becoming a producer I was simply putting off being a writer because I was so scared of it. There’s no one to hide behind when you’re a writer, no one to whom you can deflect the blame if it doesn’t come out so well. When you’re a producer (or even a staff writer) you always have some dumb executive in the business office to blame, or any number of people in the marketing department. When you publish a book, though – that’s you out there, naked, exposed, and alone.
The DEIS examines several alternatives but dismisses them as inadequate. The Extell plan for development over the railyard only “would not eradicate the blighted conditions of the project area and would realize substantially reduced economic benefits,” and wouldn’t enhance the LIRR rail yard.
With the FBI under fire for its handling of the 1993 trade center attack, the Oklahoma City bombing and the O.J. Simpson murder case, officials had to act.
Smoothing the transition between the nose and chassis is the radiussed “V” shape. the rules simply specify a 25mm radius to each edge of the chassis, but teams have exploited this radius. So rather than a 90-degree arc, they take the radius around 180-degrees and then again at 90-degrees to form the bulged shoulders of the chassis. Red Bull have been one of the most prominent exponents of aplying this radius. By appliying this radius, the actual cross section of the nose is reduced to less than the 275mm x 300mm rectangle its supposed to form. The FIA have made efforts to prevent this practice becoming any more extreme, so the front bulkhead must not be any less than 22cm at any point in the middle 15cm of the structure.
And our mothers?
This is normally the time of year when this agnostically atheist Taoist with Buddhist leanings goes on a bit of a tear about things like the ridiculousness of people getting offended by the use of "Happy Holidays" vs "Merry Christmas" or the differences between secular and religious holidays of the season.
HIV/AIDS can be treated through antiretroviral therapy (ART). Many people can lead longer and fulfilling lives due to ART because it reduces the amount of HIV one’s body and allow one’s immune system to remain healthy.
Cassolette of Sea Urchin and Lobster (Parsnip Milk, Crispy Shallots, Candied Lemon)
They have also been claiming that paying customers receive more extensive information than the public. The "public" information mostly consisted in this probability map, which claimed, to quote AM, an "80% probability of warmer than average temperatures for November, December and January for Scotland and a 60-80% probability of the same for Northern Ireland, Wales and most of England."
Why do you suppose the locals are up in arms?
The Citizens are a plus 61. The mighty boys from Old Trafford are a plus 54.
Chicken thigh
However, I am getting strong. I feel freaking amazing (sore muscles notwithstanding) and I have all kinds of energy.
Running Total - 514 (432 past, 55 future, 15 Vertigo, 12 V2)
Dearest frockers,
The ride of my breasts,
First of all, I'd like to give a warm welcome to my latest followers - I hope you enjoy the experience! I have to apologise for not always remembering to acknowledge new followers, so a big smack across the hand for me - and hope my recent followers aren't too upset with me!
“People still remember that the former lord president Salleh Abas was brought before a tribunal for writing a personal letter to the then Agong. That was considered misconduct and resulted in Salleh being removed and disgraced.
My goals:
Friday was such a nice way to end a week. Too bad this weekend has been so rainy. Blah. I know we need the rain but it doesn't help when you're tired of being cooped up inside all the time and then it warms up, you get a taste of summer, and you have to go right back to being cooped up.
As an ode to one of my favorite shows, and a way to cope with it’s current hiatus I took it upon myself to rank the villains from the six seasons so far of Dexter. So without further ado I give to you my list from most mild to most evil…
You throw some stress in my life and I then use running as an outlet. I block out all my mental frustration/stress and just run. And I run hard. I push myself, I push the pace, and I end up running faster than I thought I was capable. My marathon and half marathon PRs have come at times when my life is stressful. Case in point:
It was the longest two minutes of my life. I sat on the edge of the bathtub hutched over the two tiny screens. As a sexual active person I have taken my fair share of pregnancy tests. And they always came out negative. Every single time. So would this one.
A disgruntled Muslim soldier murdered his officers way back in 2003, in Kuwait, on the eve of Operation Iraqi Freedom. Recently? An American mullah shoots it out with the feds in Detroit. A Muslim fanatic attacks an Arkansas recruiting station. A Muslim media owner, after playing the peace card, beheads his wife. A Muslim father runs over his daughter because she's becoming too Westernized.
oh..and by the way i've been wondering whether my sourdough starter got friendly with the yoghurt and that's what effected the yoghurt culture..but i haven't found anything definitive online to help me solve the mystery..any ideas?
There doesn’t seem to be a site to visit that doesn’t start with the explanation, ” Before the time of the Moors the Visigoths controlled a large part of Europe until the Christians defeated them…” (Visigoth? That must be the character from the “Capitol One Bank” commercial. If not it must be a prehistoric mammal loping around, looking for a snack, a mate or a condo with a good view.)
For every problem, a solution: a take with you wherever you go makeup sac that keeps products cool in all kinds of weather. At the beach, in the car -- anywhere where it's hot and things can melt, we now have one less worry. Tintamar has invented a system like those other sacks for sandwiches and such where you slide in a ice thingie right from the fridge that will keep all cosmetics cool.
1/3-1/2 cup pitted kalamata olives, halved
March 26, 2012
Several thousand Russian troops are being positioned on the Georgian-South Ossetian border and inside region’s capital – Tskhinvali. South Ossetia remains to be an inaccessable territory with Russia being an exclusive patron of the de-facto local government and population.
“Just a couple of days.”
their vital medicinal plants, animals and minerals. Indigenous individuals
And can you believe the embroidery people spelled my name wrong way back then?
For the past couple of weeks, the Melbourne International Comedy Festival has crashed over our fair city like a tidal wave, dragging the crowds and a bunch of increasingly exhausted critics out into the extraordinarily beautiful autumn evenings. But your humble blogger has remained at home, deaf to the siren call of comedy: far be it from me to "discourage earnest conversation," as psychiatrist Brendan Flynn suggested is the dark heritage of festival time. Flynn would approve of me: I have resolutely remained in my dour study, turning my face from the trivial levity of the light-hearted, to defend Melbourne's beetle-browed reputation as "a home of original ideas". But at least I now know who to blame for the sad state of our public discourse: it's those damn comedians.
-they fight to the stage once again trading pin fall attempts.
Do512
Star Wars fans across the globe were celebrating Star Wars Day yesterday the 4th… Many “May the 4th be with you” messages crowded the interwebs.
Rubbing her neck, Sam stared up at the cabin in the tree. Light flickered in the small windows and she caught a mixed smell of wood smoke and lavender. She glanced back at the pathway, but it was gone. The fence had closed around them in a perfect circle. Her skin crawled at the sight of the skulls' red eye sockets, still glowing red in the darkness. Her father let out a long sigh, but whether it was born of relief or fear she wasn't sure.
We just have rain...and lots of it here.
Conservative pudding ~ a steamed pudding made with sponge cake, ratafias, macaroons, rum, cream, preserved cherries. Served with a simple syrup flavored with laurel leaf and almond.
5. Home On The Range
begins
If you claim to be apostolic, prophetic, evangelistic, shepherding (pastoral) or a teacher, are you equipping God’s people for works of service so that we may be built up to the fullness of Christ? That is your calling! The point isn’t achieving your own glory. You are meant to be part of the Church, to strengthen the Church. Alan Hirsch and Michael Frost make the case in Shaping of Things to Come, The: Innovation and Mission for the 21st-Century ChurchThe Shaping of Things to Come that these are more than gifts, they are offices/roles of the church. AND, he maintains that God has placed each of these in all of us so that He can call them forth as needed. Are you open to fulfilling these roles as needed? If not, you are robbing the Church of needed function and robbing yourself of full life.
If one disagrees with the proposition of a future plan for National Israel, that person is unfairly considered to be anti-Semitic.
I’m lucky enough to spend some time in the mountains and valleys of Slovenia most years, and was recently given Look Back, Look Ahead, a translation of a selection of Srečko Kosovel’s poems by Ana Jelnikar and Barbara Siegd Carlson, which I’m currently working through. Kosovel is apparently regarded as Slovenia’s finest avant garde poet of the last century – having no idea who his competitors are, I can’t really make any judgement on this claim. He died aged 22 in 1926, from tuberculosis.
Both of these effects would be dangerous for Tunisia. Already polarized, Tunisia’s fragile political system would break down if the CPR and Ettaktol abandoned the government. Neither Ennahdha nor the secularists have enough seats to form a majority government. But even barring this extreme example, political parties will find it increasingly difficult to compromise in an even more polarized political environment. With elections scheduled within a year, the government may find it difficult to write the constitution on time – creating further pressure in the system as the country would face a constitutional crisis and the government (in whatever form it took) would face criticism that it could not act.
4 Dancing in the Dark
Arasse later relates Vermeer’s understanding of his painting practice to his decision to convert to Catholicism. “Undoubtedly the Catholic approach to the painted image endows it with spiritual prestige and the certainty of a ‘real presence’ that Calvinists rejected.”
Much like the business model of Best Buy, in which Best Buy marks down all new release movies and music to below their cost (i.e. if Best Buy purchases a CD from the wholesaler for $7, Best Buy will then selling it for $6 knowing that no other retailer can match that price). The belief in this model is that consumers will flock to Best Buy to purchase these very cheap titles and while in the store they will also purchase other items in the store, which have a big mark-up price. In a perfect world, consumers come for the below wholesale price items and then impulse buy a new TV or stereo. So while Best Buy would lose a dollar on the CD transaction, they would gain $100 on the TV purchase. This business model for Best Buy isn’t working as evidenced by their recent decisions to close numerous stores across the country. Most consumers head in to grab their new Kenny Chesney CD and their Blu-Ray copy of Avatar and dart straight to the register without buying any Beats By Dre headphones or the extended service plan for the Blu-Ray. So the net result is Best Buy takes a net loss of a couple of dollars per each of these transactions. These consumers aren’t brand loyal, they are shopping for the best price, that is their only motivation.
We have our own pack version based in Dunedin. Their efforts severely blot the Central Otago landscape. Now they’re ripping into Mosgiel.
Gold Bond Ultimate Sheer Ribbons $2/1
As much as things have changed in Acadiana, one thing that has not is the fun you can have taking kids fishing.
Here are ten lessons from yesterday’s General Election as they seem to me, a digital marketing consultant:
Sprinkle with cilantro before serving.
Jeannie graciously agreed to answer some questions for all of us here at What’s for Lunch? and I’ll be running her answers all week. Please come back the rest of the week for more!
This is week #4. Things are going well but we want to grow so do join us for this week's assignment. May is designated Asian Heritage Month. In honor of the month, I am asking you to:
Hosted by Bob Powers
Some people think that the amshas (subdivisions of signs) and dasas (astrological time phases) are unique to “Vedic Astrology” but, again, that is not the case. These systems are universal – its just that outside of India they were largely forgotten.
Happy Wednesday! Doesn’t this recipe look good? Thinking I am going to try making it soon…Nothing like a little bit of chocolate yumminess to help get you through the rest of the week!
Some physically strenuous work conditions (e.g. heavy lifting, frequent bending) might increase the risk of negative pregnancy outcome, especially among women with other risk factors (e.g. with previous foetal losses) or in the presence of other work-related risks.
CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION (CDC). Interventions to increase influenza vaccination of Health-Care Workers – California and Minnesota. Morb Mortal Wkly Rep MMWR 2005; 54: 196-199.
On the night of her engagement ball Lady Hero stumbles into a room to discover a man and married woman in a compromising situation. She chooses to warn them that the woman’s husband is coming down the hall. This is her first encounter with the cheeky rogue who dubs her “Lady Perfect” and she responds to “Lord Shameless”. A short time later she is formally introduced to the shameless man who turns out to be her intended’s infamous brother, Griffin Remmington. Mandeville and Griffin have been estranged for several years as Mandeville believes that Griffin seduced his first wife.
Lets start with the alright and work our way to the best!
That’s all I have so far but I’m sure I’ll come up with more!
Because of their poor eyesight, mice navigate using their whiskers, usually traveling along a wall or other object. If you don’t move, a mouse can’t see you. They will explore when they think they’re alone…usually at night, but any other time when they don’t detect movement. People usually see mice only when they have been sitting stock still, such as when reading or watching television. Unlike rats, the fact that you have seen a mouse does not necessarily mean they have a high population density.
To shock your enemies into facing you,
Read about the consequences God instituted in Deuteronomy 28. Here are some of the points:
Fires Were Started – 2
(2) Deterring investors. Imagine that you are investing in a foreign country, a country that you assess as stable and which upholds the rule of law and allows you to generate a return on your investment. All of a sudden that country decides to appropriate your asset and not pay you for it. How likely are you to invest in that country again? Well the experience of countries where this has happened tells us that investors will come back but they will be more cautious than before. But what Ireland is proposing to do is to bring its commercial leases in line with the rest of Europe and ensure that a major factor of production is priced at a competitive level. Even if this government yellows it on this commitment, then investors will still have somewhere in their minds that the next government, which might be more left-wing by the way, will introduce the change.
Her words inspired her and gave her the determination to walk for more than 3 days in a weak and sickly condition, press through a crowd when she could have been stoned, and then risk the rejection and embarrassment of touching His garment. WORDS!
Dallas County has now exonerated 32 people since 2001, most of them during Watkins’ tenure. Most of the cases, including Monday’s, involved faulty eyewitness identifications.
The world over, the names of streets continue to reflect the trades that were present there. Examples in central Bordeaux include Rue des Herbes, Rue des Argentiers (silversmiths), Rue des Boucheries (butchers) and, the road we find ourselves on today, Rue des Bahutiers.
Özil: 6
a burning
One night while camping in Utah I had the sudden urge and need to go for a run. This was a very exciting feeling but it came with mixed emotions. I still felt my leg was too injured to run. At least to run the way I wanted to or thought I needed to in order to be in shape for the Grand Canyon. In the morning I still felt I had to get out on my feet and give it a shot. I took it slow and with lots of stretching up a forest service road in Upper Joe’s Valley. If the leg acted up I would slow down, stretch and correct my posture. I was determined to figure out how to deal with this. An hour and a half later, I was sitting in the frigid waters of Joe’s Valley reservoir, soaking my legs.
One day last week I chose to run a different route with a bigger hill. I’m not sure if I wasn’t feeling up to par or what but I did a lot more walking than I would have liked. The oddest thing though, I finished my route, a longer one at that, in less time than usual. I’ll take it. For me, it’s not so much about time as it is distance and endurance. You’ve heard me talk about my foot issues and my goal is to try to run 30 minutes straight without my leg giving out. I will most likely end up seeing a doctor because I don’t think this is normal.
I'll admit this right at the start. I'm using you this week. You see ever since I got home from the exhibition last Thursday all my purchases have been sat on the edge of my desk and chair with me saying 'I must photograph these and tidy them away'. Only I didn't find the time. I wanted to spread them out a bit because otherwise all you could see was a pile and that would take time and organisation and effort. Not something I'm known for.
I have no doubt in my mind I could've finished another 6 miles today. So I'm good to go...just slow LOL! !
So I got 12 inches of each
“Stay thirsty, my friends,” says the Most Interesting Man in the World (MolsonCoors, 2009).
Some people find it hard to believe that a babe like Jennifer Check would associate with a dork like me, Needy Lesnicki. But we had history. We'd been the Wonder Twins since we were preverbal, and sandbox love never dies. Or at least that's what I thought.
The Peruvian congress named Bolivar dictator of Peru on February 10, 1824, which allowed Bolívar to completely reorganize the political and military administration. Bolívar, assisted by Antonio José de Sucre, decisively defeated the Spanish cavalry on August 6, 1824, at Battle of Junín. Sucre destroyed the still numerically superior remnants of the Spanish forces at Battle of Ayacucho on December 9.
Anyway, this is just a quick, short post to let you know that I'm not dead, I haven't fallen off a cliff or something like that, I'm working on making this blog more visually appealing
Although you have had to adjust to having a little sister, you are an awesome brother. You do great with her and I couldn’t be more proud of you when it comes to playing with her, and teaching her things. She loves you! She loves doing anything you do and often mimicks everything you say. Your very protective of her and your always talking for her or taking up for her. It is really cute!
The simple answer is “organizing a group of people to achieve a common goal.” (Wikipedia) If you are student of leadership you know that experts and “leaders” for centuries have presented the “traits” theory of leadership. In short what the theory talks about is that all leaders have certain traits that result in them becoming leaders among their peers. This theory would say that individuals with these traits would be leaders no matter what the situation. This assumes that leaders are born and not made. We could spend years digging into the origins of leadership and all the theories that surround the subject. That’s not the purpose of this article.
It served him well, one would think.
"Could we see when and where we are to meet again, we would be more tender when we bid our friends goodbye." ~Marie Louise De La Ramee
Also, I was able to listen to a sermon on Pride and I learnt a couple of things about the subject matter that are of great relevance. Pride is the excessive belief in one’s ability. It is the deadliest sin and the father of all sins. It is a silent killer. The problem is ‘I’ (the middle letter in the word ‘Pride’) because when you are proud, that’s the only important word to you.
Let the president be duly warned.
Content: 40ml
He said the amendments were inadequate and did not address the issue of freedom of information and press freedom.
Oh...please don't go
I’ll repeat that shall I … if only to try and convince myself that I’m not dreaming … calling someone the C word is a terrible crime that will see you in court, prosecuted, found guilty and facing a custodial sentence. That’s official because the blogger and tweeter, Olly Cromwell, has today been found guilty under Section 127 of the Telecommunications Act 2003 of making a grossly offensive and menacing comment on Twitter.
This argument is confirmed by the following reflections: (1.) that God even does not look upon us as justified by works but by faith, and this, according to the Protestants, we know of as well as God does; for we believe, they say, by faith. Therefore, according to them, what the Apostle says is false; for he says that God alone knows it and not we. (2.) The words which say that God beings to light the hidden things of darkness, and makes manifest the counsels of the hearts, do not mean that God surveys and manifests men’s faith, but their designs, their motives, and works. (3.) Just as the nature of our works is uncertain to us, so too is our faith, which according to Protestants alone justifies: for no man can know for a certainty that he believes on Christ with a faith that is firm and Divine, and therefore still less can he know that he is justified by it. The Holy Spirit often says the same elsewhere. Cf. Ecc 9:1; Prov 20:9; Job 9:21; Jer 17:9.
Georgiy Bovt, writing in Izvestia, the Russian newspaper, also took a look at Obama’s first year. Suffice it to say he tore into the young President, along with the “reset” message he tried to send Russia and the rest of the world. Bovt said, “While Obama practiced conciliatory gestures, the camps of al Qaeda prepared and continues to prepare for future attacks.” He ripped the political correctness that leaves America vulnerable.
Always on the search for Claire's name to be written, I stumbled across 3 more creative and heartfelt sites! I love that every site has a story, that each of the women offering these services is doing so in honor of their little one(s) who has gone too soon. They truly understand the impact it has on us BLMs to see our baby's name written. Each is unique, each offers a little insight into their family and what is important to them. Each treasure is made with love.
Add this to the list of throwback thrills slated to permeate 2011-12 Past & Present Basketball when it releases on May 16: Short-printed base-set variations — sure to be among the most sought after nuances in Panini America’s masterful mashup of old-school design elements and modern printing technologies.
to myslede me’ must be my guide
Row 2 - Chain 3, make 3 dc in the last sc made in the first row; fasten with 1 sc in the loop formed by the chain of 3 in the preceding row; ch 3, make 3 dc in the same loop where the sc was just made and fasten as before with 1 sc. Repeat across row.
So the population dynamic in Sweden is a complex one, with the productive, law-abiding, and hard-working Swedes tending to move across the bridge, leaving behind the elderly and the layabouts — and the immigrants. It’s a vicious circle that is depleting Sweden of both its fiscal and human capital.
Yours sincerely,
Ephesians 6:2
8:00 - Out the door. Drop bean at daycare, head to work.
I was going to go ahead and buy the sneakers anyway, but this photo of one of my girl crushes and style mentors, actress Tracee Ellis Ross confirmed (so did a mail solicitation from the Scooter Store) for me that sneakers can be rocked right by grown women too outside of the gyms and running trails.
Not one of those men did not understand what they were doing, this was not some half-hearted insincere apology like our Politicians do.
Of course… I wear a dinner jacket… or, as some would say, ‘black tie’… as I do for all my podcasts… and there is usually something in The Sun or The Mirror to allow me to end the podcast with something bizarre. Daily News podcast on Consilio: here
The Group of 88, in short, consisted of the professors with whom the president shared the greatest intellectual bonds of any on campus: upholding the presumption of innocence for his own school’s students against this group of faculty members’ actions would have required him to go against his own pedagogical and academic values.
I am saying bye to this bad aura. She will eventually bite into someone else’s soul. But she will never nor will anyone ever take a bite out of this sou!!
Apparently, he wasn’t prepared for us to ask him anything. He looked kind of wide-eyed at us for a minute, and turned to one of his family members. The family member translated what I said, and he answered, “Oh, South India.”
to terms with the concept of foreplay. So too
In a devastating analysis it outlines Taib’s corruption and his lies about what has happened to the Borneo jungle and its people. Even more significantly, on the eve of the MoCS Red March, it writes about a discernible change in the mood in Sarawak and speaks of real hope of change. This is not least because Taib’s decades of self-interested destruction and plunder have been well and truly exposed.
Me: Sounds a bit like Cee Lo Green?
Apples. Any number of any variety. (You can't really mess this part up.)
Suddenly people can’t rely on clever effects, or famous faces.
Let the Brahmaputra Flow
Finally, FINALLY, I hear a muffled “ring ring” (like the old fashioned phones) coming somewhere near (or under) the sink. OMG! It’s in the trash can!
Also beginning in the 1990s, the ever-increasing, legal, adulteration of the U.S. food supply went into high gear.
“Please know that i’m here for you always. I want you. You mean the universe to me and I want you to be happy. I want you to know that my heart is yours. You have it. Please, please do not give it back.”
Once we figured out where we were and how the trail was marked, we took off! I had the lead and from where we were, the first half mile or so was down hill so it was a fun, full speed run through trees, over branches and rocks. Very exhilarating!
I think seeing the sheer amount of diapers we were throwing away is what swayed me to give it a shot. I've always hated wasting things, and the idea of using the same set of diapers over and over appeals to me. I've also become much more environmentally conscious since Lu was born, because I want her to learn to be responsible and not wasteful.
Ring tones: 3D stereo ring tones, 64-tone polyphonic, mp3 & video ring tones
What is a case study interview?
I’m hiding something. I’ll admit it.
The larger issue, said Berkowitz, are the cases like Russell’s, where no one is even looking.
Music Liner Notes is sponsored by Two Guys From Brooklyn, a unique web store selling personalized gifts for all. Please take a moment to visit their site and sign up for the monthly newsletter offering special discounts and promotions to Music Liner Notes readers.
Now this is a little late posting as I did schedule it but blogger was not playing the game.
Essentially, studying and working has become part of their lives. It’s been ingrained into them and thus even in the future, they don’t actively seek out partners to be have long-term attachments with. Sometimes it’s their own choice, other times it’s cause their studies and work just takes up too much of their time.
An ambivalent conclusion, then. But there’s hope for India, and for me. I’ve heard the solar hippies are much more friendly. And I imagine the wee coal chaps whistle a lot and respond very well to lone damsels in their midst.
Anyway my die cuts are from the silhouette library. Papers from Prima and Melissa Frances. I distressed the edges of my paper and paper frame cut using Distress inks. The big swirl under the bow is a cut made with gold mica paper from PaperTemptress…(it is a beautiful paper). The little pearls, the squished ones too, were made using liquid pearls. All that sparkles, compliments of my heavy hand on stickles lol.
This week we have...
Sun 10/26 Tempe, AZ Marquee Theatre
4) For my lovely current followers (followers before this post was published) to show my love and appreciation you get six extra entries!
crazy person and be done with it?
And when I got to the point that I took no shit whatsoever, the bullying STOPPED.
This thought was brought to mind thanks to a blog post I read today, about how unfair it is that so many people are unable to adopt, and therefore lots of orphans are still living in poverty, some maybe being sent to an institution if not adopted. Are THEY going to get what they want? Do they expect it? No. Some will not even understand what Christmas is, and in this country (and other developed ones) kids are just spoiled. They expect to get what they want, without question.
I would absolutely recommend a perm to anyone who's dithering - at the very least my limp, fine hair looks more styled and fuller when unstyled, and it's made a difference to the styling I do do as well.
15/08 12:00 M Hammer Throw Qualification
The special prosecutors interviewed 17 lacrosse players and the two non-lacrosse players at the party.
While I am sure all of you will have your own recipe, and so do I. I do usually make a rue/roux, but this time round I switch it up since I am pressed for time. My recipe? ...again cooking without one. I say so long you know the basics, you can spice up this classic dish any how you like. I thought this one "bowl" dish will make a perfect dinner meal.
Amano Shrimp are voracious eaters and will attack any food you add to the tank. I have even seen them swim up to the top of the tank, flip upside down, and grab flakes off the surface of the water. They also enjoy grabbing up food and running away with it to eat it where other shrimp will not be able to steal it from them.
When I came back to the hobby it was inevitable I would confront the game fiction again. Most notably the Horus Heresy series of novels had begun, exploring the pre-history of the Warhammer 40,000 Imperium of Man. I read a couple and though they weren't too bad, but not exactly astounding...
Even detractors of The Caretaker’s sinister 2011 LP, An Empty Bliss Beyond This World could not deny it possessed a certain cinematic quality. James Kirby’s carefully sampled and re-arranged collages of dixieland lounge music were hemmed with reverb and vinyl surface noise that became part of a larger, albeit cryptic, piece of sonic art that would no doubt complement any film of the same nature. Patience (After Sebald) was produced as a soundtrack to a Grant Gee film exploration of German writer GW Sebald’s work. Sebald died last year and though I have neither read his work, nor seen the film accompanying this album, I feel that a review of the record as a standalone work is legitimate seeing as it is being released that way, though perhaps I would be more appreciative of it if exposed to its visual counterpart.
Kachinas are not playthings. They are sacred. They are deities. In their significance to the Pueblo and Hopi peoples, they are of the highest order. Trying to draw analogies from one culture to the next in order to help someone see the significance in another is difficult, and these analogies break down.
At one of our venues in England, the ringmaster was given custody of a bungalow at the edge our allotted area for use as an office. He moved some documents into this building and would go there alone, every morning, to attend to various administrative tasks. One day he arranged to meet an accountant there, supposedly to review a pension plan for the circus employees. Soon afterwards we noticed that this accountant, a woman called Miss Wilcock, was turning up for regular meetings, always scheduled when Cécile, the ringmaster’s wife, was out on some errand. It wasn’t difficult to guess what was going on, and one of the girls confirmed the obvious by sneaking over to the bungalow during one of these trysts and listening to the ringmaster grunting like an overheated warthog.
is good until Midnight tonight, Sunday, Nov 28th.
Well, off they go. After agonizing for weeks on this thing, we just officially sent off our first queries!
1. Raymond Scott - Sprite "Melonball Bounce"
So come get a head start, I know it is a couple months away but let's get those Christmas birthday cards made. And remember you could win that $10 gift certificate from Paper and Such.
This recipe tastes great, but to be honest one of my favorite things about it isthe color. The red, yellow and green of the peppers and parsley pop against the pasta to make a bright, vivid plate. A great meal for your eyes as well as your stomach!
So I hit the hills yesterday afternoon. It was a moderate workout to ease back into it, making sure I left enough in the tank for another run today, but it was still a five miler worthy of a cupcake.
“Give heed to my soul, and redeem her,” doth need no exposition: let us see therefore what followeth. “Because of mine enemies deliver me” (ver. 18). This petition is evidently wonderful, neither briefly to be touched upon, nor hastily to be skipped over; truly wonderful: “Because of mine enemies deliver me.” What is, “Because of mine enemies deliver me”? …I see no reason for this petition, “Because of mine enemies deliver me:” unless we understand it of something else, which when I shall have spoken by the help of the Lord, He shall judge in you, that dwelleth in you. There is a kind of secret deliverance of holy men: this for their own sakes is made. There is one public and evident: this is made because of their enemies, either for their punishment, or for their deliverance. For truly God delivered not the brothers in the book of Maccabees from the fires of the persecutor. …But again the Three Children openly were delivered from the furnace of fire; because their body also was rescued, their safety was public. The former were in secret crowned, the latter openly delivered: all however saved. …There is then a secret deliverance, there is an open deliverance. Secret deliverance doth belong to the soul, open deliverance to the body as well. For in secret the soul is delivered, openly the body. Again, if so it be, in this Psalm the voice of the Lord let us acknowledge: to the secret deliverance doth belong that whereof he spake above, “Give heed to my soul, and redeem her.” There remaineth the body’s deliverance: for on His arising and ascending into the Heavens, and sending the Holy Ghost from above, there were converted to His faith they that at His death did rage, and out of enemies they were made friends through His grace, not through their righteousness. Therefore he hath continued, “Because of mine enemies deliver me. Give heed to my soul,” but this in secret: but “because of mine enemies deliver” even my body. For mine enemies it will profit nothing if soul alone Thou shalt have delivered; that they have done something, that they have accomplished something, they will believe. “What profit is there in my blood, while I go down into corruption?” Therefore “give heed to my soul, and redeem her,” which Thou alone knowest: secondly also, “because of mine enemies deliver me,” that my flesh may not see corruption.
Then Addi and I commented at the exact same time...
And you just made Lemonade with Leaves!
Our last child
Music: Rodolfo Biagi
I think a few days of sunshine and some time on the bike or the trails will lift me and I will shake this.
And because we’ve allowed this bifurcated, unsophisticated approach to emerge as a result of our lexicon, we have had to find something which is a single determination of whether someone is ‘mad’ or ‘bad’. We have decided that it is whether or not someone is ‘sectionable’ under the Mental Health Act when arrested and the first part of this post shows why we didn’t need an overly simplistic division between ‘this’ or ‘that’.
-West Coast IPA
Across the street, an unused lot became a chicken pen, complete with guard dog that barked ferociously when anyone got too close. A month or so ago I noticed that the chickens were gone, but the dog was still there. Last week the dog was running loose, and I worried that it would be a threat to the other animals - but maybe it wasn't a very aggressive guard dog because it didn't seem to bother anyone in the street.
Unabridged William Shakespeare – Shakespeare, obv.
Kegeratered: 07-21-2008
Mothers Influence
The meatball recipe came to me from my father, a man well known for colorful description. The words “add 17 peas” or “stir in one mouthful of water” sometimes crop up in these handwritten instructions, along with comments like “too good for kids” and “your mother eats this by the handful”.
All she feels,
Playstation 2 Games
I saw this coming from the start.
Drives you to despair
So. The Great Wall of books that's been precariously balanced on our sideboard for approximately three months while friends take all the decent stuff out of it? (Don't get me wrong, we encouraged them to. We even gave them green bags and made recommendations.)
Which leads me back to Sophie. Yes, she is coming home with me. No, she is not here yet. No, I'm not sure what she'll be capable of in the longterm. Yes, it is assuredly worth it to see. And even though it almost pains me to put it out there in public, yes, I have plans to breed her at some point in the future. There, I said it. Tear away, naysayers. Hurt me to the core, I am ready.
1026 ***D-X/19/1988. “On Patriotism.” Politics Department, The University of Dallas, Irving, Texas. (Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 108-21 (1992).) See Item E-II/12/1990, below.
And French perfume that rocks the room
Perhaps, you’ve just woken up and you’ve run to your email to read my post, after brewing a cup of coffee. Last night you enjoyed an overabundance of Mexican food or as your intestines like to call it, “MexiCAN’T food” and now, the coffee has hit, your stomach is rumbling and your brain synapses are firing incorrectly. You say to yourself, SWEET DOO-DOO, that’s not very nice. Why would Sweet Mother call her new intern the Canadian and American version of a word that children use for excrement? How nasty. Sweet Mother has lost it. Oh, I need to run to the bathroom, “it’s time to drop the kids off at the pool.”
I’ve got my mum’s red hair and I follow Essendon, like she does. We didn’t make it into the grand final last year but I think 1939 will be the year for us! You might find it funny but my father doesn’t like football (or anything fun). You probably already know that he’s the sergeant of police here in town. He is so different from my mum, she would have laughed at the prank me and the boys pulled last Saturday, but Dad got mad as a cut snake! See Brian, Duncan, Weedy and me were taking pot shots at chickens with my slingshot, when I had this idea. Old Mr Harrison’s funeral was on, so we snuck into the church beforehand and put this chicken in the casket with him. You should’ve seen Father Barry’s face when he heard scratching noises coming from the coffin!
Allah took the responsibility of keeping the Qur’an safe.
The black mamba station
Smell: No smell is directly associated with sunset, however as the temperature cools, the lack of exposure to sunlight will 'dampen' the strength of certain smells (day-blooming flowers, pollution, garbage bins, soil, grass, etc). Night-blooming flowers, if present, will release their scent into the air.
Try wearing a nail polish with glitter or sparkles. You can certainly use a polish color in order to complement your shoes or use a shade that really contrasts them. For example, if your shoes are a jewel-toned purple, you can opt for a deep purple nail polish to match or you can go with a silver nail polish that shines and adds a little bit of contrast.
Many systems have been built to withstand a storm as big as the 1989 event. Is that good enough?
"At this time of year I`d go for a red and one not too grand/expensive, not overly intense - in fact a good Cotes du Rhone or better still a Beaumes de Venise Cru level red. The latter is made in the village better know for sweet muscats but their reds - elevated to Cru level in 2005 - are fruity and fresh , with more acidity and zip than say a Gigondas or a Vacqueyras. Excellent examples are made by Domaine des Bernardins, Chateau Redortier and Domaine Pigeade, the price around €6-8. The freshness should marry well with the slight spiciness of the meatballs. In a few months time when our weather has started to warm up I might go for a Tavel rosé, a style full of summer fruit flavours but with sufficient weight to pair with a meat course. My tip: the Tavels from Domaine Maby, price around €8."
15.) Project Runway
A pickup truck, that boy, and this globe,
When it lights up the sky
And that's all.
So, why not go for something completely foreign? Inspired by Serge Valentin's blending, by my knowledge of Japanese whisky dim and dusky past, and by my research into shochu and awamori for my book, I decided to do a "proof of concept" with the ultimate easy drinking blend: 4 parts Miyagikyou no age statement whisky (mainly made up of 5-8 year old whiskies) and one part Iichiko, which is a very popular barley "honkaku shochu".
First, Wednesday, when I came home from work, my package from Deep Six had finally arrived. Turns out I got the pre-order versions of both the Man Is the Bastard/Endless Blockade Split LP, but also the Low Threat Profile 7". Definitely unexpected. Then, I headed out to Fantasy and American Oldies in Newport News yesterday and picked up some cool stuff.
Danny Baker is poorly. His mate has written a rather beautiful appreciation. Remember, without Baker, we would never have been able to enjoy the unique wit, wisdom and insight of David Mellor of a Saturday tea time. We have a lot to be grateful for.
My emotion …
