Always stylish. Always convenient. Always affordable. Always there for you no matter what you're wearing today. It's your new favorite accessory!
More importantly though, he uses his own first hand experience of seeing The Jackson Five perform a showcase at London’s (now defunct) Talk Of The Town to a handful of carefully selected media folk back in the seventies and how he and the late – and equally legendary – John Peel sat together, awestruck – at which… we shared looks of amazement as the group went through the fully choreographed routines of a Motown act, providing a platform on which Jackson demonstrated every ounce of the gifts and the potential that would make him, by the end of the decade, the biggest attraction in the world of showbusiness, the star of stage shows of previously unimaginable lavishness.
15. Tundra Ballet
“Inviting a native concept into your personal space is a new idea for most people. Making the move from a traditional landscape to a native landscape requires us to ask important questions. It challenges us to change our thinking from, “Maintenance is good” and move toward the concept of, “Stewardship is good”. Changing our thought process regarding our landscapes can prove to be difficult. We have been trained to desire the predictable results of maintenance (inputs of water, fertilizer, mowing, etc) and are simply not trained to work with a dynamic, bio-diverse plant pallet in our urban landscape.This is the root of the problem when transitioning from a traditional landscape to a more cohesive nativescape and ultimately questions the value of “maintaining” a landscape. We tend to think of traditional landscapes as static and promote them by doing our best to maintain them. A native landscape encourages change and therefore requires less work.”
The more we know, the less we fear. So, the Ohio Wesleyan University community should be as involved as possible with the local community – I have spoken to locals before and most think that OWU is becoming more and more disconnected from the town, becoming like a bubble of artificial existence.
The exterior is in remarkably good shape.The silk cutwork is shattering in some spots, and bits of the soutache are coming off here and there, but all of the work is almost entirely intact. The lining is another story, and I'll explore the interior in another post.
of starting a blog they could call their own.
07. Intervention
olive oil as needed (or your favorite oil)
She got kicked out of many schools for her anger problem
Be aware that there are different type so insurance policies for journeys undertaken by EU residents. You can take single trip insurance up to the age of 84 or an annual travel insurance policy up to the age of 74 for multi trip coverage. You can purchase this with Globelink International Ltd. This travel insurance company will offer you expatriate insurance according to your requirement. Make sure you look at all the policies offered and take out a basic or comprehensive cover. You can also seek extension and get extra cover for baggage, hazardous activities/sport, excess waiver, event cancellation, golfer’s cover, wedding cover etc.
January 5 at 12:34pm · LikeUnlike.
I have chalk on my clothes...Sam and Sage, she was finished with being photographed for the day.
has an instinctive ability to rip the ball away from the runner, having produced eight forced fumbles in the past three seasons for the
It's handled well, and it's handled pretty poorly. A popular method is the ignorant outsider. In the one Jim Butcher book I read, )Small Favor, from the Dresdon Files), I thought that the explain-it-to-the-outsider scene came off very well. However, when I read several Sherlock Holmes stories in a row, I got a little tired of Dr. Watson saying “Why Holmes, however did you figure it out?” It seemed to be his only function.
Thomas A. Hobbs, 41, Baldwin, N.Y.
Phreak: AS IT SHOULD BE!
I sincerely doubt that there would be enough public interest for it to become a real tourist attraction.
Fortinbras had troubles with her. In general, most characters did.
For our contribution to the salvage yard, we were awarded a check for $294.
Fifth, I believe in independence from the United States of America. Now the Civil War ended a century and a half ago. It's old news. In spite of the atrocities of Northern Aggression that happened, I hold no malice toward the people of the North and West. They cannot be held responsible for the crimes of their ancestors. It's not their fault. The problem I have is not with them. The problem I have is with Washington DC. This is an imperial regime. It began in violence against our people, and it has continued unstopped in constant oppression, even to the point of attacking the religious faith of our children in their schools. I believe that 150 years of history has demonstrated beyond any shadow of a doubt that Dixie cannot continue to exist under the iron fist of the federal government. The rule of Washington DC is toxic to our people, our culture, our heritage and our faith! It is inconsistent and incompatible with who we are as a people. Therefore, I am convinced that the best thing for Dixie is independence.
I'd like to interrupt our regularly scheduled posting for a very "Drama" moment.
I have a very busy week ahead of me next week with work. I will be doing three days solid of an exhibition. I need to be on tip top form. So in preparation I have been relaxing and cooking the things I love. All day I have thinking about dinner, it doesn’t help when my colleagues at work always talk about food :0)
Catelynn: "How, mom?" (Once again, trying to resolve issue.)
Today, Lim said one should ask whether Najib has issued a “blank cheque” apology, “signifying nothing as to enable all the past BN mistakes of abuses of power, corruption and lack of accountability to be repeated in even worse magnitude”.
To a' Thy flock.
I have read of this beautiful young mother's
"Even though the number of women turning to ART has increased, the number of IVF cycles resulting in pregnancy in women above age 42 mostly remained static at 9% in 2009," said Patrizio. "If pregnancy is achieved at an older age, women then face higher risk of pregnancy loss, birth defects, and other complications."
Becoming minimalist
The back of the parking lot also has rabbits, but I just kind of fell in love with the birds, because they’re very active, just so cute to watch and every now and then they’ll sit on your car and look in your window like where’s my bird seed, lol
As an aside, articles on Groundviews are republished regularly on the Daily Mirror, leading to one aspiration of mine to facilitate the creation of and publish citizen journalism of a standard comparable to and even on occasion exceeding mainstream English print media being fulfilled to a degree two years since I introduced the concept to Sri Lanka. Also noteworthy is the fact that blog posts / blogosphere content are increasingly featured in Sri Lanka traditional / mainstream media, oftentimes without prior permission of the original content producer.
Asked if Azmin was the power behind the election committee, Gobalakrishnan said: “I think there is no one else but him.”
That's what Jonathan Demme captures perfectly in this light comic wheelie around the outskirts of Femme Fatale City. All it takes is one half-assed display of rebellion — skipping out on his lunch check — for Charlie (Jeff Daniels) to get picked up by Melanie Griffith's kitten-voiced wet dream Audrey. She practically kidnaps him from his day job and, as she's tossing the baggage of his white-collar life out the window of her car with a bottle of Seven Crown glued to her lips, you're wondering along with Charlie: just how far is her attention-whore-passing-as-free-spirit thing gonna go? Well, first, she sharpens Charlie's skills in the art of lying — how to bullshit one's boss while handcuffed to a motel bed, how to escape an Italian restaurant with an angry cook at your heels. Then, she tosses her new pupil into the deep end: she takes him home to Mom and passes him off as her husband.
I surrender to this love
Just managed 6 or 7 Deerhunter songs before I had to get a taxi to meet the bus to Wetherby. They were late on: 30 minutes. Very annoying. I don’t know the cause so I better not totally tantrum. What I heard was very good, but I realise it’s not somewhere to meet kindred spirits. Bradford Cox is wafer thin; mint thin. But obviously a genius. One of the nest songs on halcyon is not sung by him though.
In the remainder of the chapter, we got more glimpse into the wealth and riches of Solomon’s kingdom. In his time, only gold was counted as valuable, silver was nothing. He received much gold and other valuables from kings around and those who visited him. He was truly blessed with riches in every sense of the word. He exceeded all the kings of the earth in riches and wisdom. All the earth sought to him to hear the wisdom which God had put in his heart.
There is the the other part of your problem. It is one thing having a broken system – but when the media does not recognises that, and then exacerbates it by failing to do its own job, there can be no attempt to fix what is wrong.
“What about all these boxes,” we asked him. “Do you want to get rid of them too? We’ll include it in the price, no problem.”
"so thankful I feel peace"
Today we've just been doing some chores (laundry) and catching up on email, etc. We will leave here tomorrow and make our way to the Canadian town of Niagara Falls, where we'll meet up with Lynda's parents and our friends Judi and Gary.
39. Angel's Choice Lauren Baratz-Logsted
Presenting the initial Courtney Crumrin miniseries in a new digest-sized format. Courtney's parents have dragged her out to a high-to-do suburb to live with her creepy Great Uncle Aloysius in his spooky old house. She's not only the new kid in school, but she also discovers strange things lurking under her bed. - Goodreads
I have been informed that, as an American, I should not attempt to get pissed. I should leave the drinking to the professionals, which, apparently, is you Brits. I am properly chastised. Of course, that has not stopped me from having a hair of the dog that bit me this evening. Just the thing I needed for my headache. The Spouse Sparrow has also said that I am not supposed to say that I have been drinking, that way people will just think I'm nuts. I'm not sure how that's preferable, but there you have it, advice from the master.
National Rank Year Name School Event Performance
Tickets are $20 each and can be obtained through Lamarconstruction.com or at the many showings of this bike across the state of Michigan this year.
I was please to find out that my painting one first place for painting in our Something Red show.
For an item that men and women are utilized to discovering every day, the more prevalent better, and set a mother board digicam in it you’ve your hair a Concealed security camera. The things are frequently functioning things and keep the fraud place great.
and they died along the way
THIRSTY PLANET BREWING Jittery Monk Smoked Coffee Dubbel
4. Miami Dolphins
We talked about things ranging from how many kids we hoped to have to the show, "Teen Mom." We love watching that show together and find one couple in particular hilariously funny. That's one thing I truly love about Cody. He can make me laugh when noone else can. He's truly the funniest person I know. Who else would sit and watch Teen Mom with me and massage my back while watching? Who else would text message me 50 times a day... from random things to make me laugh to telling me how much he loves me? What other guy loves to talk about having a houseful of children? Who else would break out some dance moves when I'm feeling down just to see me smile? Enjoy the pics down memory lane...
1. I just sit like a dumb person, thinking something I soon forget about once disturbed but still looking idiot and appearing like someone deciphering a secret code in the mind. Well, I don’t have a picture of myself in such a situation but that is what happens with me.
ROM 1:8 First, I thank my God through Jesus Christ for you all, that your faith is spoken of throughout the whole world.
of the cossack's daughter, shipped
LOVE you, baby girl!
Even if The Big Bang theory is true, I don’t know if I could fully follow it since, as I said, I don’t understand the science behind it.
Where the eff did I park my car?
Answer: the same message I’ve sent him.
When I saw this maple leaf, I was like OH MY GOD. It's the perfect backdrop for a blog picture! Especially since I'm "Curvy Canadian"!
So I follow, determined not to lose sight of Him, wanting to see. Not something new but something that has been there all along. Unfamiliar. The whip comes down as His eyes watch me watching. And He is silent.
Though the little changes in life help shape us to be better people. You can change an eating habit for forty days and boom, you’re whole diet has changed. You are healthier, more energy, nicer, etc. You change were you live, and you meet new people, see new sites, etc. You start to become more understanding and experience in the world.
And I think all the stress from last night and just the extreme feelings in general……..my body is hurting pretty bad tonight. VERY achy and icky which I guess brings me full circle to how I started the day.
Why would a dancer not want her paying customer to know that she doesn't want to drink alcohol? Its the same idea as when a customer wants to buy the bartender a shot. If a bartender accepted shots from every customer who offered, it's highly unlikely that the bartender would be able to finish out their shift on their own two feet. Trust me, I've tried. Even in my prime time of drinking behind the bar while bartending, I was always more careless and sloppy when I drank with my customers than if I was sober. So could you imagine if a dancer drank with every customer she sat with in a given night? The poor girl would be stumbling around the club and crawling onstage, slurring her speech in her underwear and plastic high heels.
Rhian then encounters an old man on a bench. There is something magical about the way he talks, and the way he seems to have an affinity to her. He tells her a tale that is, in some way, her tale too. He tells of ravens, a giant man, a girl called Bronwen and a man from Ireland who falls in love with her. The pivotal scene is the one that most resembles the original Maginogion: the maiming of the horses by Branwen's brother - and it is after this that things unravel. The storyteller draws back and the lovers withdraw too. We follow not the specific but the general. We learn they change. We learn how it all comes apart. The giant crosses the north sea, but instead of allowing himself to be a physical bridge across a river for his army, the giant in this modern story needs to build more metaphorical bridges. When he fails to do so disaster follows. It is a satisfying and poetic interpretation of a myth.
able to get. Remembered to turn off the flash for once.
The White House photographer approached and asked her to pose next to the piano, between President Noland and Ambassador Olnakoff. When the President swooped in with the ambassador in tow, more than a few observers raised an eyebrow over the unnatural chumminess the two men displayed toward each other. Liesl overheard one tuxedoed gentleman comment to another, “A beautiful woman can bridge many a gap, eh?”
A young, rather plumpish woman got on the elevator today, pressing the button that would take her from the 43rd to the 44th floor.
Life is not a race.
I won’t hide.
Thank you to everyone who entered and for all your lovely comments, they are truly appreciated and I hope you are all enjoying the festive season and you get some crafty time for yourselves :)
1/2 cups margarine, stick variety
www.westbrookpublishingink.com
Ever since, V-Day has been pretty crappy. Really crappy most times. And after a few years of hating V-Day, of threatening to stab people in the face with the stem of a rose, of giving my other single friends a teddy bear with the heads ripped off and a small plastic sign, shoved into the neck hole, that stated “Cupid is Stupid!” (okay, this one I am still proud of and still have mine! I love it!), I felt myself starting to mellow. No longer did I cringe when the construction paper hearts started to appear in the windows of the local elementary school. No longer did I roll my eyes in Wal-Mart when everything that stood still long enough was draped in pink, red, or some combination. No longer did I feel the need to rip the veil of disillusionment from the high school girls that tittered behind their hands as they talked about what they thought their boyfriends were going to get them while standing in line at the SubWay. I was pretty whatevs about the whole deal.
I forget whether the nurse was found guilty or acquitted, I had rather lost interest by that point, and, in any even, it hardly mattered she had already been cast as the irredeemably vile disciple of a morally indefensible doctrine.
"Honey!!! Tirhan niyo naman ako ng lalaki. Ikaw at yang kaibigan mong si Arlan! (Please leave some guys for me. You and your friend Arlan!)" V implored.
So here's a quick recap of our weekend according to Anayah:
Originally, there were some concern that PCI compliance would extend to the smart phone equipment itself, meaning that some smart phones would be allowed to perform these transactions, and others would not. But, PCI SSC is working on mobile payment requirements, so that part of the equation remains to be seen. In a statement from Verifone via e-mail yesterday, they said, “The consumer’s device does not effect the PCI PTS 3.0 approval. There is currently no certification program between a device and a handset. Each side goes through an independent approval process.”
Very, very difficult. I love them both. But I think I’ll go with writing. It’s a brilliant form of escapism and a lot of fun…..but then again so is reading…..hmmmm.
1 linnaean
My excuse is that I had a baby. And now, 5 months into this ‘baby adventure’, I am gradually poking my head out of my mummy bubble. It’s a bit lonely here in the blogging universe. Totally my own fault of course, for neglecting my newly born blog — but I hope I come into orbit with someone soon.
It is no understatement to say that Anglada represents for many thousands of Spaniards inside and outside of Catalonia the hope for our collective survival. While expecting almost nothing from traditional Catalan politicians, Anglada delivers with his behavior and his words daily lessons which may well be a source of inspiration to many who are involved in politics, or many others who, with their silence, have become allies of submissive policies out of fear or convenience. Here is Josep Anglada, grandly carrying ideals he always remained loyal to. And here is he now, struggling daily against those he proclaims to be his sworn enemies: those who want to reverse the cultural model and turn Catalonia upside-down, who claim that the tolling of bells has the same emotional value as the calling to prayers of a muezzin , or that the couscous is as Catalan as the “tortell of Reis.”
_____I would like to apologize about my nacho status joke earlier....I know I'm cheddar than that. (funny nacho status)
It adds much to his confusion
I just wanted to share this video and some thoughts with you.
Sleep is a commodity that is often unappreciated. While adults need 7 ½ – 8 hours of sleep a night, the average sleep time in the U.S. is now 6.8 hours. When sleep-related problems develop, the value of sleep becomes more apparent. Sleep disruption and sleep deprivation often result in problems with focus and concentration during the day, irritable or depressed mood, fatigue, daytime sleepiness and many other consequences in the short-term as well as long-term. Sleep problems may include medical syndromes, such as sleep apnea, restless legs syndrome and narcolepsy. Sleep deficits may also involve insomnia.
After some time inland, I started missing the ocean, so I made my way back to the Pacific. Montezuma was next on the list. It was more of a traditional paradise…gorgeous deserted beaches and waterfalls for showering – you know…that sort of thing. Most importantly though, here is where I met Jens and Esther, a young married couple from Germany that I have stayed in touch with until this day. (I even went to visit them in Germany a few years ago). Rather than feeling like a third wheel, it felt like we’d known each other for ages and not just days. We ended up traveling and rooming together for over a week and I will always remember their impact on my Costa Rican experience fondly.
There's a red theme going around and I am guessing it was Lipglossiping that kickstarted it all with her Red series, encouraging everybody to wear a bit of red.
1 1/2 tsp salt
Not for me. I wanted to buy. However, I had two items in mind – a new mini stereo system to replace the dud that died in January after just over two years of “service,” and a pair of “good jeans” to replace the pair now sporting rips and holes. True, I was thinking of my Mom’s and my trips downtown as I rode the streetcar there and walked through the Eaton Centre (definitely not there back in the day). But successfully purchasing the two items needed without hitting more than one store (Sears, if you want to know. I didn’t even enter The Bay which now sits on the old Simpson’s store). Even the sprinkling of rain on the way home didn’t dampen the expedition. I just opened my umbrella and held it over the box containing the stereo.
i tested it out on one of my besties and her little one, totaling 2 big kids and 2 toddlers who loved it. victory.
I don’t pretend that Scotland is free from racism nor would I contend that xenophobic sentiment is a minor issue here. I dislike the smugness on this issue that Scots, including myself, so often display as if we were better people than those elsewhere but we have a civic and collective attitude which encourages assimilation into our nation – some of the most passionate Scots I have met have been the children and grandchildren of immigrants, building a belonging here while still holding a candle for their ancestral homeland. Internationalism burns clearly where people can feel a part of a new nation as well as retaining their own histories. I would like to think that we can aspire to the same level of acceptance of others that Ataturk displayed while speaking to the mothers of ANZAC soldiers who died at Gallipoli:
Other familiar favourites included the all-too-rare cask editions of O'Hara's Leann Folláin and Curim Gold, plus the dark amber hop epic that is Messrs Maguire American Pale Ale. The latter was badged anonymously as "Seasonal Special", which hopefully kept the riff-raff away from it and ensured it was available all weekend.
Former N Dubz Front Lady Tulisa has been named FHM World’s Sexiest Woman 2012.
December 22, 2011 Thursday
First time visitor? Welcome here. Hope you come back. Please, always check the designer's terms of use.
POST-GRADUATE COURSES
It’s the best I’ve heard for a while (Thanks Elin for the tip ♥)
What you think love is? What is love supposed to feel like?
That tree almost blocks out the view in one of the living room windows, it is so full and lush right now.
I haven't slept better in maybe weeks yesterday night. July has been a very emotional and tiring month for me, so that was good!
Thank you in advance and may the good Lord bless you, may the good Lord bless you, may the good Lord bless Phhillips, may the good Lord bless you.
So back in March I was a bit optimistic with how long it would take me to lose my 25 pounds.
Our journey through the Twelve Steps will bring about a spiritual experience of the same nature, only more profound and lasting. We undergo a continual process of ego-deflation, while at the same time we become more conscious of the larger perspective. Our view of the world expands to the point where we no longer possess an exaggerated sense of our own importance.
OK! Here is a portion of my new book on Calvinism. I hope you like it!
Place the diced bacon or prosciutto into a cold deep skillet or wok. Place on a medium-low burner and when it begins to sweat, add the garlic and onion. Fry the mixture until the onion is translucent and begins to brown.
J: when my dad's friend's wife (Toni) said she'd love to come visit again because I'm so good with her 2 month old baby
My biggest worry is what will happen when/if the eggs hatch. She needs to get the ducklings to water but there is no pond nearby at all...surely she can't have been fooled by the temporary road puddle??
Supporters at the hearing included university and high school students. Jessica Garcia and Samantha Moreno are students at North Eugene High Schooland both are undocumented immigrants. “The most precious thing for me is my education,” said Garcia. “Without tuition equity, my dream of being a microbiologist may be taken away.”
You never knew me
Working for Sports Collectors Digest, I was in the press booth at Busch Stadium. I met Colin Jarrett, the engineer of the Cardinals radio broadcasts.
If you’re looking for a good fun stroll down memory lane then I highly recommend you whip up some ‘Smores’, race to your local Video Ezy and get your hands on The Sandlot
I think on the most basic level a man’s haircut is between £16.50 and £25.50. But that’s without any foiling or a colour cap… Now, if I knew you got a free hat with it!
So at Cupcake this week our challenge is 'New Home' cards and projects. Hope you can join in as there are some fab prizes up for grabs, for both this challenge and the monthly prize, top 5 badges to be had and oh maybe a Guest Design Team spot too! I was going to make just a card but then I decided to do a bit more. I haven't made one of these bird houses since my first ever blog post on my other blog! Sometimes it's good to look back for inspiration.
The buyout figures into Sony CEO Kazuo Hirai’s larger strategy to focus on producing high-end devices with unique capabilities that capitalize on Sony’s strengths.
Teachers who bought morning snacks every day for a student
If a financial advance is the reason why an author keeps ‘writing and dreaming’, then I would have taken the advice of many writers when I was a young slip of a lad, ‘If you want to make money, then there are far better ways than writing.’ —brutal honesty from writers themselves. And if advances are the elements which keep writers writing and dreaming and they are ‘part of the American Dream’, then God help us. It would appear once again the centre of the publishing universe is America, with its affluent New York offices of marble and stonework—the Vatican of the publishing world. But let us not entirely cast the American Dream aside, as Randal Radic suggests, it encapsulates an aspiration of success, beyond wealth, every author wishes for. I just do not believe getting an advance from a publisher is going to weaken or strengthen that desire. What will strengthen the author’s desire to write is the sale of bucket loads of books and the deserving kudos, not from the publisher, but from the readers of the author’s book. The question is—should the publisher offer an advance on those sales without the benefit of a crystal ball? I do not believe they should.
You are, I think, just weeks (maybe days) away from walking. You take three or so steps and will be a split second from falling the entire time; the momentum of your forward movement being all that keeps you upright. But you take your push toy, piled with kitchen towels and your lovey, up and down the hallway until I get sick of turning you around.
You know the deal. Cooking professionally means to sacrifice. Everything. Your free time. Personal relationships. Daily habits. And at times, your sanity. But what about your health?
We do hope you'll be able to join us for our 'Sketch' challenge and remember if you would like to be considered for our GD for challenge #16 then please add 'GD' next to your name when adding your entry to Inlinkz. Entries for this challenge close at midday on Friday 4th March 2011.
The other day I had a handyman come over and replace the ceiling fan in my daughter’s room. The fan was in good working order, so he was careful with it. He placed it gently in some Styrofoam packing material and it sat in my living room for a day before finding a new home.
The monsters are (in the view of the clerics) chaos and evil manifest. The clerics wage a savage holy war against the denizens of the underground and are willing to martyr themselves in the service of their gods.
dressed in a long shift
In our Scripture today both went into the temple to pray. They were both religious men. They were both Jews.
they have invited him to dinner, brought him homemade bread, hot soup,
That said, if you work hard, you should be able to achieve it. The grey wolf is open and achievable to all cub scouts - including those with special needs."
What I like about this class (beside the nice professional kitchen and endless great tips on pastry stuff) is the fact that Francois let us do our own creations, he gave basic guidance and he let us “play” with our individual part of pastry making. At the end of the class we were given plastic containers and paper bags to bring our creations home!
I love these stools, they have a sleek and smooth texture. You know black goes with anything. Plus the price were unbelivable. I couldn’t believe I was receiving 2 stools for basically 60 bucks plus shipping and handling. Every store I browse for stools, one stool was the price of both of those stools put together and they were not swivel. Stores like Pier 1, J.C. Penny, Sears, Wal-Mart, Garden Ridge, Target. These stools turn completely around, you don’t have to get up to turn your stool around if you want to change direction. My husband and I eat our breakfast in the morning before leaving for work at the breakfast bar sitting in those stools. When we are watching the news we just swirl around in the stool. Everything was just like they advertised. I received the stools in the amount time they said I would. I also received an e-mail with the tracking number to let me know the status of my package. Great DEAL!!!!
It’s hard to read Pollan’s sentence about Eating Animals and believe that he’s read the book. Perhaps he briefly skimmed it. Maybe he got the idea that Foer was picking a fight with Salatin from the Huffington Post interviewer last month who incorrectly claimed that Foer said Polyface Farm was a joke (that interview will be the subject of another post in the near future).
I thrifted this skirt quite a while back with Mama. For the longest time I couldn’t figure out how I wanted to wear it–mostly it was the shoes that stumped me. Most shoes looked too clunky with the flowing, femininity of the skirt.
We come in all shapes and sizes
Sheriff’s deputies arrested a 22-year-old woman after they say she got into an argument with a passenger, dropped her off and then ran over her with his car, reports The Bradenton Herald.
Now, I’m not talking about the watered-down version of this ball-throwing game that has made its way to various State-side schools, including Loudoun County. In our kids’ school in Virginia, they had rules such as a) the ball had to hit the ground before it could hit another player and b) a shot to the head was an immediate disqualification.
The first one was from last year.
She said the Bible is a love letter to us from God. Kathy is a great friend. Her writings inspire me into a deeper relationship with Christ. Lately, I’ve been thinking of the word ‘Obedience,’ and how some twist it to manipulate. She sheds light on the word as well as reminding me of the kind of holy God we worship.
NOTE: In sports where monitors are not available near the field or where the governing body prefers to pretend it’s still 1932 and no helpful technology exists (I’m looking at you, FIFA), then all questions will be reviewed post-game and all offending players will be suspended from the following contest.)
You brought another friend,
BLITZER: Speaker — Speaker Gingrich, what should Lynn do?
now this is something I don't do alter stuff I just don't know where to start so I really admire any one who does altered art as a craft so what did I do I altered a viennese whirl box cut it down to size to make a thing called a hug in a box I have only ever done it once before and that was with one of those large match boxes so this is quite a bit bigger than the other one I used a precious moments digi for the front coloured with PM's and the verse you can get from google if you just type in hug in a box verse I got the I dea from ally at stamp away ages ago and it was the only thing I think of told you I was no good at this altering thing
Although most of my strips for Rebellion have appeared in the Meg, I drew one cover for the Andy Diggle Tharg. Wished I'd done him a better job - maybe I'd of contributed more? Ah performance nerves...
"Jools Holland is a pianist, bandleader, composer, singer, television host, founder of Squeeze and the multi-million selling Rhythm and Blues Orchestra," we are informed.
20% off the eye color bundle - 16.00 (regularly 19.50)
mix together base till crumbly . 9x9 glass pan 325 degrees for 20 minutes.
Now I do need to add this side note. Sarah is taking her 8th grade this year. She has two older brothers that went from K to 12 in the conventional school system. So needless to say I was GREEN!!!!
I’m not — I’m not looking for a — a colony on the moon. I think the cost of that would be in the hundreds of billions, if not trillions. I’d rather be rebuilding housing here in the U.S.
You can get into ripping things up.
1. A reliable way to test is to assess the percentage of payments in various casino games. As is known, has the advantage of casino roulette 2,7% in any strategy players. Thus, if the casino has a payout percentage below 2.7% – is reason to think (assuming that this game plays a lot of people to obtain a statistically significant sample size). This technique also works fine with slots and Baccarat, but in games with a variety of rates (bones) or where the result depends on the actions of the player (poker, blackjack), it will falter. But even here the possibility for statistical analysis is, so you can analyze the frequency of the combinations of cards or dice etc. The question is, who will conduct such an analysis. If a casino on the site publishes a number of payments, then the players will not trust them unreservedly, these figures should be someone to check. Many casinos have resorted to this end to the independent auditing firms, which keep records of all results of games and then issue a generalized conclusion on the payments. True, they are still having issues: firstly, a casino can make a deal with the auditor (in the light of scandals involving Enron, and so this can not be excluded), and secondly, a doyles room rakeback can bring their own players, who will win and lead statistics to “normal” numbers. However, the likelihood of falsification of the results of an audit opinion is not too large, so that now audited large firms (BMM, PWC) can be trusted.
So for you who need convincing, here is the first installment of another regular series on films released in 1985 that illustrate my point perfectly. Eloquently. Precisely. I don't even have to write about them: just show the poster art and you'll nod, realize I'm right and bow your head in shame for recognizing the movie to begin with.
It is true that there are 2 ways in America to get things done. Vote at the ballot box, or vote with your dollar. As of now I am voting with my dollar. I won't fly. I won't give money to an industry that supports the blatant disregard for the 4th amendment nor will I condone a government agency that perpetrates this on it's citizenry. And I plan on letting anyone who cares to listen know it. I'm unsubscribing from all of my frequent flyer newsletters etc and writing letters to those airlines telling them why. I encourage you to do the same. Stand up for your liberties or while you are sitting coach they will be taken away.
A group representing Native American graduate students at the University of Michigan expressed hope the committee’s appointment would lead to the return of remains and artifacts to Indian tribes.
I called a case manager that mom had been assigned to ages ago, and, without reservation, told her "I need help. Today."
I would love to see what the original outift looked like.
Katla last erupted in 1918 when the ash blocked out the sunlight and caused agricultural disaster.
It’s here.
I know I need to learn to love myself. I have learned to like myself. I have learned not to hate myself for my faults. I am still working on loving myself, but why can’t I want someone else to love me too? Why does it seem so… selfish? To me it just seems so… right.
Cuz we get it in You know the girls
Wash her hands of me, leave me staring down some runway,
Sometimes. Short stories are a great diversion while waiting at a doctor's office or other place where I know I can't finish a full length book, yet prefer to read something other than magazines.
Finely shredded mozzarella cheese
· Sunburn
764 D-V/27/1978. “Elbert Fulkerson at Carterville Community High School: Twigs for an Eagle’s Nest.” Alumni Association, Carterville Community High School, Carterville, Illinois. See Item C-1976(5), above, Item D-V/31/1973, above. See, also, Item D-V/3(A)/1991, below.
Date two had disaster written all over it. It was the feeling you get when a “can’t miss” prospect in baseball gets called up to the big leagues and fails. No. This was more like that prospect tears his rotator cuff and his ACL in his first appearance and then gets caught doing blow with a stripper that turns out to be a man. Actually, that’s East Bound and Down. So yeah. This date was like East Bound and Down without the comedy.
“Now stop!” Jax said and sent the wide things off to bed with only 850 calories worth of supper.
Once upon a time my parents died. I was 16 years old. I learned that life is short and beautiful and that you have to make the decision to live and love abundantly.
It's funny, I had been so attached to my tangobaby name. I thought I wouldn't be able to be what you thought I was without that name. I agree, it's been fun. We've had a good run. I've gotten a lot of pleasure out of being tangobaby and there's a place in my heart where shiny stilletto heels and the mournful bandoneon music still lives.
When the space programs were in their earliest incarnations I always felt sorry for the dogs and other animals who were sent up in rocket ships never to return to earth. Poor Alpha has been captured and coerced into participating but although the results might not surprise you I think you'll find his journey to astronaut status as amusing as I did.
There is also a notebooking page focusing on textures. There is a texture rubbing project your child will complete. He will be encouraged to think of descriptive words to descibe different textures he views in works of art.
Saleh and his former government colleague Hanif Atmar have been vocal in their opposition to government attempts to forge a deal, with Atmar, the interior minister until he resigned in the autumn, calling the talks “political insanity”.
Picasso: "Art is not the application of a canon of beauty but what the instinct and the brain can conceive beyond any canon. When we love a woman we don't start measuring her limbs." Well, he has dismissed proportion but that is only one part of the whole.
PASTOR HAGEE: If a Jewish person asks me about what it requires to be a Christian, I’m delighted to tell them. But I do not target Jewish people for salvation.
To make matters worse, thunderstorms were passing through the area all.night.long. We were miserable! After a particularly loud thunderstorm, we finally dozed off. Suddenly, we heard a huge "CRASH" and the sound of glass breaking. We dove out of the bed and ran to check on Jameson. He was fine and sound asleep. Then we went looking for Sweets. We finally found her hiding in the dining room. We still couldn't find where the noise came from. After several minutes of looking around, we found the damage:
This is where it gets exciting. I got 3 back and knew almost immediately I wanted the first one (pattern much?). With only a few tweaks that Erica swears are no big deal, we talked a hundred miles a minute about what works and why we wanted it. We settled on what would be changed and I bought the istock photo for $18 (a freakin’ bargain, given the circumstances of what I’d pay otherwise).
We are people.
You know its a sad day, when one says “whew!
I wish somewhere over the rainbow to watch bluebirds fly
Good morning lovelies.
drwxrwxr-x 4 root root 96 Oct 11 13:14 VRTSvxvm
"The steak Diane s'il vous plait, Phillipe"
I say this as a concerned parent who, sadly, has lost his own two young ones to Marmite. I married a Marmite lover. I admit it. I thought she would keep her Marmite love to herself, but she INDOCTRINATED them into loving Marmite when they were very small and impressionable. How evil is that, feeding Marmite to defenceless babies! Now, it's too late. But, it made me realise, that Marmite lovers aren't that different from me, afterall. I know my kids, they're just like everyone elses kids (though by far more talented and pretty and all that and they sure tidy their rooms in the morning. Not.).
MR.TERENCE P. McCULLEY
Especially like the BONUS highlighter idea for axing adjectives!
Examples. “Don’t worry about any default by the Irish government. Mick’ll do everything he can to please his European masters.”
One of my favorite rooms in our home is our master bedroom. It's not something you'd find in a Pottery Barn catalog but I've definitely tried to create a sanctuary, a place where we are not tripping over toys, laundry baskets or piles of crap. A place that feels relaxing, calm, cozy and well, intimate and romantic. After all, it's the only room in the house that is for just my husband and me. So put the laundry away, find another place for all the stuff you're storing on top the dresser, get out the vacuum or broom and give your room a good cleaning.
Tip 2: Clothe her in breathable fabrics
and I also stenciled the dinning room walls with a damask design.
Led by the Chicom head of the UN Department of Economic and Social Affairs, just thewebsite (plus allied) of this conference alone impresses with the enormity and ambition of the enterprise. Honey words pour like always in clever confidence schemes: “green economy in the context of sustainable development … poverty eradication… promoting decent jobs….clean energy… sustainable… fair use of resources… advance social equity… ensure environmental protection.”
First.
Surprise, Surprise by Stacey Wallace Benefiel, author of Glimpse: Half the women in Melody's family can see the future, which makes it nearly impossible for Raleigh to surprise her. What's a guy to do for Valentine's Day when his girlfriend is always one step ahead of him?
Recently I have been getting nearly all my blogging fixes from the Croydon Chronicles written by the very funny Istvanski , whilst on his site I got listening to a youtube video of a couple of quite talented girls (although I did think the older one was a boy for a while) playing guitar and singing. I then surfed round youtube at guitar videos and it got me thinking wouldn't it be good to play guitar and then I thought.... You know what I am meant to be able to play a couple of chords and spent a shed load of money a few years ago on a SG so I dusted it off, still needs a good clean !, tuned it up by plugging it into a tuner as I'm tone deaf and banged out a couple of chords and I mean only a few. Think it was Em, D, C, C that I used in my little "play". Still not plugged in the amp though ! I might run it through my laptop later as the amp is in the bedroom and there is a baby Skye in there so cant get it.
A country drive on an incredibly beautiful day here in the Bay Area. Yesterday I went to
The vacant hurt on their weathered faces, the fear of unknown in their eyes and the tears that well up all the time tell a sad and tragic tale of neglect .
You go to the cops again. Your father is an influential man in Houston, and you use that for leverage. It gets results, a cop called Beth Emory is assigned to your case. Her colleagues think she's a lazy doofus, but she's introduced to you as one of the best investigators on the force.
All materials were scraps from my stash.
HOW HE CELEBRATES HIS REDEMPTION: sings with a bunch of Muppets, gives buckets of coal to his bookkeepers, puts a sick frog on his lap.
Sorry for the neglect over the last few weeks. I was on holiday then spent all of last week sorting through photos and video footage all mixed together with plenty of pub time.
Opinion: I find it slightly common. It’s pretty popular right now (standing at #72 in the United States) and I grew up around a couple of people with the name (namely, three friends of my parents), so I’m pretty used to it. And I find it a bit old, just because of the ages of the people I know who have it. I also find it a little plain. I dunno, I’m just not the biggest fan in general.
Put about 1/4 cup frosting on the first cake layer and smooth with an offset spatula. Sprinkle about 2 tablespoons of chopped toasted pecans over the layer. Then drizzle with caramel sauce. Repeat for the next two layers. Once you've put the last layer on top, do a crumb coating if you have time. This is basically putting a very thin layer of frosting on to seal in any stray crumbs from your final buttercream coating. With buttercream frosting I like to stick the cake in the fridge for at least 1/2 hour to firm up the crumb coat. Then slather on the rest of the frosting. I bought a frosting smoother from Ateco, you just dip it in hot water, shake off the excess, and it smooths the frosting quite nicely. A bench scraper also works.
Fall leaves and all of their colors
Athelstan Digby had an old-fashioned courtesy in his dealings with women. As soon as the train arrived at St. Pancras, he gave his own bag to a porter, while he helped Mrs. Dawson to find a taxi, insisted on paying the fare, much to the good woman’s perturbation, and then took the Tube to the city and his Board meeting.
about the other girl
But because I speak the truth, you do not believe me.
"No you're not," Gloria told her. "It's not even midnight"." (p. 8).
Mr Whyte’s failure to follow Directions is therefore seen by the Tribunal as deserving of the maximum penalty. However, it is not that failure which has led to his expulsion. That comes from the disrepute charge.
- Review and provide feedback on proposed Zoning Bylaw changes
I've gotta say one of my favourite things about the new movie was the Willard character. I literally cracked up laughing at him so many times. My favourite scene being when he is singing back up to four little girls that were teaching him how to dance, that was wicked.
If you are worried about journalistic pedigree or news judgement, I am probably the only person alive who can say they have taken "Journalism Ethics " with Howard Ziff (audited 1983) founder of the UMass Journo program and then again last year (online for credit) with Karen List, current director of the highly regarded UMass/Amherst journalism department.
ENGLISH TRANS:
6. This week, soccer and basketball have overlapped. And we are just crazy busy. I even changed Addison's hearing aid eval to next week because I just couldn't handle one more thing. I'm so not looking forward to the hearing aids. Quick! Someone tell me it won't be THAT bad. heh
Pour the whole mixture in a baking bowl - pan or divide into ramekins.
Philly Cheesesteaks, Sweet Potato Fries
I haven’t been eating out much lately, but it seems that my dessert was a sample of some of the mini desserts offered in restaurants called “shooter desserts” The recipe is quite general with the amounts being dictated by the size of the glass that you choose.
Hello and Welcome to the newest challenge here at Southern Girls and after the huge event that was our Birthday Blog Hop, we thought we'd make it a nice, easy one for everyone - 'Anything Goes'!! (But do please remember our rule of only 1 entry per person!!)
Pack of spoons
THE BATTLE OF NERETVA/THE NAKED AND THE DEAD, music by Bernard Herrmann; conducted by William Stromberg; album produced by William Stromberg, John Morgan and Anna Bonn; liner notes by Jim Doherty and Kevin Scott; album art direction by Jim Titus (Tribute Film Classics)
In Dec.2010 I warned a few close friends in a private message that by Dec.2011 the ANC would declare everyone their enemy.
Mary Beth won next when we were still only halfway through the third row. That's impressive. When you call for mah jongg, you put all of your tiles on the top of your rack so everyone can check your work. This picture is still from my perspective (with my oh-so-close hand!). MB's winning hand is on the right and all of our discarded tiles are in the center.
After a long bout with upper respiratory and a eye infection(requiring pulling the third eye back FOUR times a day for meds, for 3 weeks), Nellie is finally well and with her new mom today. Nellie (now known as, Ava) will return next month to be spayed. We are Happy.
Friends and supporters of “No Tolls” on existing bridges and infrastructure:
You don't have to be ashamed if you have been hitting your child. Just stop.
We did our registry earlier this week and it was so much fun - even Kieran can't deny enjoying it! Since we are tight on space in our apartment he will be building drawers under our bed for his clothes and we will use his current dresser for Little Man. I did a little shopping and plus my BFF has sent me a ton of things her son has outgrown. Honestly, even seeing all these things I don't think its truly sinking in that there will be a little person here soon to use it all!
I also emoed out about not being able to stare at all the books I’ve read. I know I’m sad, but it’s true. The idea of giving it back afterwards and not being able to stare at its creased spine triumphantly was daunting. It’s also daunting that when I do eventually buy the books I really enjoyed that they will be pristine on the shelf – the dreaded sign of the book poser!(You know the person I’m talking about. They have all the classics in clear view on their book shelf, but they are mysteriously unspoilt)
Experience Big River… Win Tickets to Mockingbird!
Firstly, it can only link ballistic evidence (spent cartridge cases and bullets) found on crime scenes with one another. It doesn’t link human beings. In other words, it can determine that exhibits found on crime scene “A” were fired from the same gun that fired the exhibits on crime scenes “B”, “C”, “D”, etc.
Japanese coins in my change purse for two
Bobbing for apples, on the other hand, has a decidedly more pagan foundation. When the Romans first came to Britain, they brought the apple with them. If you’ve ever sliced an apple in half, you’ll notice the seeds are reminiscent of a pentagram. To the Celts at that time, the pentagram was a symbol of fertility, so they took to bobbing for apples during the Samhain festival as a way to predict who were the next villagers to be married. Samhain was a time of year where the Celts believed it was possible to read the future and bobbing for apples was one way they tried. It’s sorta like tossing the bouquet at a wedding, only much less festive.
The good news is that avoiding the largest source of HFCS, soda, is one of the easiest things you can do to improve your health. Right off the bat, you can eliminate all soda and sugary drinks from your life.
In the pounding rain, we followed the plastic tubes and found the starting point, high fives and celebrations for what was one of the more unique adventures I’ve been on. We checked out of the rangers station, still sopping wet, and began our drive out of the park, as our car went down the straight road, we caught site of the one thing we had hoped to avoid in our canoe: a giant gator walking across the side of the road.
Then we are transported to sometime in the 90s where kids who look identical to the two sisters are introduced to each other. Their parents are getting married and they will become a blended family. Just like in the past, the older sister is an evil witch and not only does she not stop her from cooking and almost burning the house down, she steals things and stuffs them in her bag. And when a rare opportunity to permanently sever their tie presents itself, she takes it. She’d previously told her sister to rest in a van while she bought milk (really?) and when she returns and sees the van moving, she lets it take her sister away.
Claiborne was a great pickup in the first round, even though I think they were trading up with the intention of taking Mark Barron. Tyrone Crawford could end up starting by the end of the season, and Danny Coale and James Tanna will adequately replace Laurent Robinson and Marcellus Bennett.
For those who are unaware, the original version of “Metropolis” that premiered in Berlin in 1927 ran approximately two and a half hours. A few months thereafter the film, the most expensive German production at the time, was withdrawn and cut down to two hours. When Paramount Pictures picked up the U.S. distribution rights to the film they trimmed it by approximately 13 minutes more. Additionally some characters names were changed, other characters were reduced to insignificant parts that lost all meaning. Additionally some sub plots were eliminated. For example Freder’s running a race early in the film was completely deleted as was any mention of Joh’s wife Hel. In earlier versions of the film the ‘Thin Man’ seems to be nothing more than a butler to the rich Joh Frederson while in the restored version he is a much darker figure following Joh’s son Freder on orders from the father.
Contacted by The Associated Press, Times sports editor Joe Sexton said the comments were, “completely inappropriate and she has been spoken to.”
Below are screenshots of the event which just occurred at 1130pm CDT 10/27/2011 –
Paired with nude fishnets or colorful leggings for a more daring bride, I think booties would add a welcome and surprisingly modern twist. Who's with me? Here's a few that are getting my bridal vote of confidence:
And thus, the entire world decided to check this place out.
40. Trick Or Treat - Karen & Cubby
In short, my community activism needs to take precedence tonight; given the slowless with which I write, making that deadline tomorrow morning after beginning at 9:00 p.m. would be challenging. Obviously, I feel badly about skipping out on Office Hours tonight, or else I wouldn't bother explaining.
Every fall when they assign students to teachers, our son's teacher will not say, "Ugh I got The Boy this year."
I am getting the pre-race jitters a little. This morning, I woke up in a cold sweat after having a nightmare with a menacing villain: an infected toe.
So anyway… Here’s what happens when you’re a good apple. If you literally stop police from beating up an innocent person, as a cop, your job will be put on the line. Her department is calling her “psychologically unfit for duty” and trying to fire her.
If you would like the opportunity to join our team, please email me at birdteamcall@yahoo.com
Lucy, auricular, locked-up, it's bad luck
Since this layout is for someone else I have left the journaling blank.
4) What prejudices do you hold? What will it take for you to release them?
I found this Benartex fabric on Etsy from spiceberrycottage and didn't hesitate to purchase a little of four different fabrics. I have three yards total and these will be the foundation of an upcoming project.
The venue for this wedding was The Barn at Bury Court in lovely leafy Hampshire, just down the road from my parents. The rape fields were in full yellow blossom, there were horses in the fields next door and the church was picturesque. The morning started grey and we had heavy showers throughout the day, but when the sun did break through it was glorious and there was lots of time for the guests to enjoy the fabulous grounds.
10. You can make money! Okay, you're not going to fund your retirement, and you'd be hard pressed to be able to pay next months rent. With the exception of extremely talented writers, you won't get much... but you can get something! Put a couple of adds up, what do you have to lose??? Just don't over do it and kill the look of your page! If people are turned off, they won't visit... which means no money.
7 Good Smoke and Whiskey
On 27 July 2005, BBC reporter Phil Mackie admitted on Radio 5 Brian Hayes 10 pm programme that the BBC censors the truth about Muslims and that the BBC is selective in its broadcasting of Muslim statements. The function of the media is to prepare the public for whatever measures the establishment plan to further the Muslim extremists’ interests.
You're on the wrong side of history on this one, Dan; go sit on the ash heap.
There's not much more I can add about Gary Walker that I haven't already mentioned on my other entry dedicated to "You Don't Love Me" here (and I apologise once again for the bizarre format of that blog entry. It seemed like an amusing idea at the time). It's worth repeating again that whilst the Walker Brothers were hugely popular, and for a very brief period rivals to The Beatles in many international territories, Gary Walker always seemed to be the most sidelined member. Therefore, his solo singles were a chance to wriggle free of the big ballad template and produce singles which did actually swing.
Driving past an elementary school in my neighborhood this evening I saw raised garden beds filled with corn, tomatoes, peppers and greens of every kind. These beds were spread throughout the playground, butting up to the monkey bars and swing sets. The gardens and play equipment seemed to be the perfect intermingling of entertainment and education. I love that gardens seem to be cropping up in urban spaces more and more often, helping people learn about and think about what they eat and where it comes from.
CP: I don’t know. Maybe the “good” bands get more attention because bands like “hurts” are really successful and there are more little synth bands who deserve to be more famous than they are…
I was depressed and after 2 years moved to sunny Florida to go to college at U of Miami.
1 large egg
No-Noodles Lasagna
For some people, the headwaters are traumatic, for others just an experience in time. The headwaters event takes us due North immediately, a seemingly contrary direction, but over the course of time, if we choose, we take on the contributing rivers, change the direction to head South and with increasing flow, make a beeline for the ocean…
Since I had both the first and second books, I was able to read this one right away. Kylie is still at Shadow Falls and is still trying to not only figure out what she is, but also deal with her feelings for two attractive supernatural guys. For me, the decision was easy. I knew my favorite guy for Kylie right away, but I’ll let you decide for yourselves. Awake at Dawn has even more action then the first book and it makes you want to keep reading to find out what happens next. It is full of friendships, relationships, romance, and action. It was easy to remember the long list of characters that are introduced in the first book and you learn a lot more about these characters as more powers are introduced throughout the second book. I enjoyed discovering more about Kylie’s abilities and all of the new, and old, relationships. The relationship between her and Holiday, the camp leader, is strengthened as it is tested throughout the book. They have become more like sisters, than student/teacher, and it gives someone for Kylie to confide in about everything that she is going through. With Lucas gone in Awake at Dawn, Derek is trying to get Kylie’s attention. However, Kylie is reluctant to fully commit to Derek. Derek really grew a lot in this book. Even with Lucas gone, he still has a huge place in Kylie’s mind. There are many twists and turns in this sequel. Kylie is visited by a ghost that is constantly asking her to save someone, but Kylie has no idea where to begin. While Kylie still has no idea what she is, she finally accepts her ghost-whispering ability. She also begins to show physical symptoms of a couple of different species, however I won’t say which. Kylie is also trying to find her dead father’s real parents so she make finding out what she is more of a reality. She also tries to convince her mom to allow her to attend the new boarding school the camp is opening. Lucas comes back and wants desperately to pick up where they left off. While one of these issues is solved by the end of the book, there is defiantly more to the story. I can’t wait until the next book comes out and I am in love with this series.
Here are our top picks for this week, All of the creations submitted were fantastic, thanks for joining us and hope you will have time to join us tomorrow for our final challenge of this year. We will be back again on Jan. 1, with a brand new challenge, and we have a surprise for you too. Thanks again to everyone.
about 1/3 - 1/2 cup of grated gruyère or swiss cheese
Having emerged from the interior of the fortified bastion that is Conwy Castle, I decided to explore the medieval town. Many of its buildings date from the 14th century, so I couldn’t pass up this opportunity.
made a quick trip to the Fabric District.
The brown scallop edge, also from Cricut Craftroom Basics. I used the scalloped square and hand cut to get the border. 5.26 x 4.306.
However, a key component of this is linking the networks, so be prepared to do far more social networking than you had been.
where you place the O of your wonder
And she has her priorities right… “Owning books is highly illegal” … and yet she still manages to have a secret library hidden from everyone as owning books is punishable by death – not just to her but the Vampire’s “Pets” would burn her home and everyone in it to the ground.
It's a great place where you can link up with other moms, join groups and discussions, post your blogs so that more moms can see them, make your own groups, and generally support one another. It's a great site and I post my blogs there daily so that even more moms can see my posts.
I'm always interested in the stories about Spitzer and others like him, because they highlight the same question I tried to explore in my novel, TELL NO LIES: Why does a guy who "has everything" do something to screw it all up? What motivates him? The answers are different for everyone, of course, including for Jack, my main character, but I think there are certain traits they share in addition to the specific motivations they might have. There's a great sentence in Jon Meacham's "The Editor's Desk" piece at the front of the issue: "The route between political ambition and sexual hunger is among the shortest in human experience." It's also one of the most fascinating, I think, which is why authors write books about it and news magazines print cover stories about it, over and over again.
We, the Ruddites, got our voice heard. The news papers a couple of weeks ago published an article about us and the support that we give to Kevin and his family. The press is starting to listen to what we have known all along. Joe Hildabrant had a major temper tantrum this week, and it was about a lot of things that we have known for ages and now things are getting said.
David Alexander, Denmark’s nephew, called the incident a "tragedy.”
Overwhelmingly, businessmen of the period were influenced by Christianity first, classical economics second, self-help inspirational nostrums a distant third, and egghead notions about biology almost not at all. Cornelius Vanderbilt read one book in his entire life. It was Pilgrim’s Progress. And he didn’t get to it until he was past the age of 70. “If I had learned education,” Vanderbilt famously quipped, “I would not have had time to learn anything else.”
“Well, like when we go to bowling I think everyone there wonders if you’re nuts and why is Daddy married to you?”
CL. Much of my own work has involved the use of archive materials, either using the materials themselves such as oral history recordings or to learn about the details of something that I’m also researching through sound. I personally like the way that the small details that are often represented in archives can in some way cross time and enable you to relate to the past in quite a ‘real’ way – much more than the kind of broad sweeps of history that you might get in a book. I also like the different characters of the archives themselves. But I also think that archives generally offer the opportunity to challenge “dominant” readings of history – the Her Noise archive does this – other people’s interpretations. A good example of this in sound is Milo Taylor’s ImmApp project which offers new readings of sound arts histories by interrogating its documents in different ways from the sort of criteria that have led to early establishment of the sound art canons of who is important. I think the important thing with archives is that they need to be kept alive used, re-used and maybe abused and reframed in the lens of the present.
The project I'm sharing with you today is using one of my very favorite tools the Fiskars Craft Drill. I didn't know this baby existed until I read about it on the fiskateer blog several years back and once I got one, I started using it to drill everything! (Plus as an added bonus, use a screwdriver bit on it and saves you from using the power drill on many projects.)
We sat amongst the ladders and patches of experimental paint colors, eating rib eyes grilled on the Wolf, in front of the fire and toasted to our crazy, three-house life, and the ensuing adventures with La Bête.
+33 1 40 36 29 76
The absence of dialogue like this shows what’s wrong with Reality TV. The houseguests are mired in the mundane, quite incapable of tackling issues as profound as whether biting or squeezing is sexually pleasing. It takes the incisive mind of a man like the Marquis to bring these meaty matters to the fore. Lacking a conversationalist of his calibre, countless hours are squandered on vacuous, inconsequential chatter. It’s the waste that saddens me.
After a road trip on which he bought Smirnoff Ice because it was the most alcoholic thing at the gas station (flag), he mentioned meeting up with an old friend, and the text odes to my beauty and charm stopped cold. It wasn’t surprising, since these types tend to burn bright and fast. But it was still a let down, especially when “old friend” turned into “new girlfriend” within a week or so. It became less of a let down a couple months later … when he tried to kill her while she was sleeping. He’s in prison now. So thanks T, but that was three strikes, and you’re out.
Photo taken back in April on our way back from Titus' in Dumfries & Galloway.
Introductory Meditation Instructions
Like most Facebook users over thirty, I segment my friends into those I went to high school with, college buddies, professional acquaintances, local friends, and cyber hookers with 46 friends who slip through the cracks undetected. I usually post witty remarks, photos, or videos about my life, business, kids, accomplishments, or challenges. I send it out into the universe hoping that my thousands of friends find me as interesting as I do. I am all things to all people.
Relationships…
Kingdom: Plantae
Even in practice, the focus and intensity of the team is felt throughout the gym. They practice as though they are playing for the championship every day. I think they may be picturing the Concordia University, St Paul team – the team that has knocked them out of the National Championship race three years in a row, while they are practicing.
- Quo by Orly Gels starter kit, Base n Top, cleanser, nail polish: 15% off
8. Only bring to a casino the amount of money you’re prepared to lose
The contradiction is roughly as follows: Rousseau wants a unified, cohesive society, and is thus hostile to class conflict. Now, on the one hand, this requires ‘bringing everyone in’ – including all sections of society in the ‘sovereign assembly’ that will formulate the laws, so that nobody is alienated from the social body. This is why Rousseau upholds the degree of democracy that he does.
In case you are wondering, yes, I did volunteer to do this!
Canada (AUCC).
I need God’s help to put myself in someone else’s shoes, because those shoes aren’t always comfortable.
I had a friend, Doug, over this evening & he arrived as I happened to be eating dinner. He joined me. & that was ok. So with microwaved pumpkin soup & an English muffin, we chatted. He finished long before me; I’m still slow – I’m still very much like a newborn deer, wobbling about on my unsteady recovery legs. But I’m trying. I’m so very desperate to avoid the public eating disorders unit & preferably hospitalisation all together. I gave up for a while, but I’m trying & trying & trying to live by the motto “If you’re tired of starting over, stop giving up”.
I don’t want to be the best looking bloke in the care home!
Enough about that, sorry, seomtimes I fall into the trap of using my blog to spew my aggrivations. Apologies. The real news story is that Nancy Grace is out of the competition… and so is my new favourite pro-dancer of the year, Tristan. Swoon. An accent goes a long way…
Saturday, May 26
Two fair warnings. First, do not try to implement this element into your trading too soon. You really need to be at the Stage 3 and get steady and confident at it before you try to move to Stage 4. No jumping over steps. Contrarian approach of this kind requires a lot of experience and perfect self-control.
I've been thinking about this lately because some of our mornings are so damn stressful. With the lunches that need to be made, breakfasts burning on the stove, a three-year-old who runs away from me half-dressed when we are pushing to get out the door, and an eight-year-old who always finds "one last thing" that has to be done before the bus comes, tell me this: Just where do I get off thinking that I have time to fiddle with the woodstove to get cozy? At first blush, it really seems that I'm probably adding to my own stress.
You know how it is…you’re feeling depressed, maybe you just broke up with someone, or you feel like no one cares about you, so you call up someone who used to care about you–to see if they still care enough about you to listen to you whine about how tough life is? It was one of those long nights. The TV was blaring garbage, and even though I flipped continuously through about 75 channels, nothing could keep my mind off of the hurt–the vague, drumming misery of loneliness. When you’re lonely it’s like you have a big stain on your shirt that you can’t get off, and you can’t change the shirt, either. It’s like someone has gone through your entire wardrobe with a glass of grape juice and a shaky hand.
Thus far at Kachas Pass, the presence of King F'Yar has saved a quarter of the Vile Ruin orcs from desertion...saved for King F'Yar that is. I am quite sure the individual orcs would have been much better off fleeing!
In spite of rain falling and a slight negative wind, Bolt did just that, as at the gun Bolt took off as if he was running 100 meters! He made up the stagger on US 200 champion Shawn Crawford, and ran through the line a la Beijing. The result - 19.59, just behind Tyson Gay's world leading 19.58. The first time in history that two men have had 19.5 clockings! This of course has sent message boards crazy! With calls of Bolt being alien; ready for 19.1; and Tyson Gay having no chance against the Olympic champion - in short the type of talk that precludes a showdown that the sport sorely needs!
Journal fragment:
Tip 3 : If hiking the Queen Charlotte Track, Malborough Sounds for several days, you may want to book through your hostel since some hostel offer discounted price for watertaxis.
If we are not prepared to tackle racism and discrimination head on, then we definitely should not adopt transracially. And every adoptive parent needs to work to rid their child's world of biases and legal discrimination against adopted persons. This includes basics such as helping schools learn adoption-friendly language and fighting for the rights of adult adoptees to have access to their original birth certificates.
Last night I dreamed of chickens,
Main cameraVideo recording at up to 640 x 480 pixels and up to 30 fps (TV high quality), up to 640 x 352 pixels and up to 30 fps (widescreen quality), up to 320 x 240 pixels and up to 30 fps/15 fps (email high/normal quality), up to 176 x 144 and up to 15 fps (sharing quality)- Up to 4x digital video zoom
When Amanda comes home, we will have fun, thought Alligator.
Cut to a close-up. The begloved finger is drawn across the line of text the producer wants to highlight.
- 1/4 cup unsalted butter at room temperature
Yes, the identity of the ghost did not take too much of a stretch in imagination to come up with so the climax seemed a bit tempered but was still enjoyable. I liked how Golemon didn’t summarize the reasons for the haunting at the end of the story. So many writers want every questioned answered or every thought examined but it is all pure conjecture what the ghosts were thinking or had felt in their past life. I don’t need a story tidied up if the ending makes sense – there doesn’t have to be a happy ending.
I am green slime oozing up from fissures of distrust
But that’s not the point of my post either.
"Mmm, yes, the playing-dead trick does come in useful. And a superbly toned musculature helps protect one's vital organs, you would do well to remember that, Bertie." Reginald examined Bertie's lithe frame thoughtfully, "although, I dare say, one does find the takeoff a bit of a bother, so there is something to be said for a leaner frame." He stood up and kicked a broken shell out of the way. "Now, Bertie, let’s get back," he smiled slyly, "if we hurry, we might run into Mickey and the gang before we get home.”
*Following someone walking down the street is, to the best of my knowledge, no more a crime than walking down the street. Also, to the best of my knowledge 911 operators have no authority to issue orders to anyone.
Hugest of thanks to everybody who joined in last week and there was a lot of cuteness here in the land of blog from you all :)
Halloween was filled with princesses, pirates, and flash - that superhero no one's heard of...
Luckily I wasn't driving - my parents were able to drive me home and help with the kids (my hands are still not 100% - I'm told the virus only lasts 10 days)
Concessions (Registered Student, Retired AISHE Member) includes full conference, 1 year’s AISHE Membership and conference dinner: €100
This last weekend hubby and I hit the Ramona Flea market in Jacksonville. I found an old photo album full of photos. It wasn't until I got home and really examined it and spent some time on Google did I discover just how important this family photo album could be.
Then I heard something I did understand: ‘out of the house’ (ud af hus). As we are so hard to find sometimes we have been called to go outside and wave down the driver so they know where we are. We say goodbye on the phone and I run outside without my coat in the night with the winter breeze (bad mistake!) standing watching as the odd car went by. Nothing…
I think I would have been in heaven with a canopy bed like the
of thinking that it's something to apologize for or be embarrassed about (not
Becca: Yeah, she eats salads and stuff....
Good day, and thadk you for reading.
If you see an L plate remember that was you once and think how you would have felt with people being abusive. It does not help, it may make you feel better for a nano second, but these learners are trying to learn how to be a safe, competent driver. They do not need to be taught road rage and the ignorance of dangerous drivers.
Probably Thomas’ best-known song is “Fishing Blues,” a double-entendre, slightly ragtime tune that was famously covered by both the Loving Spoonful & Taj Mahal. Thomas’ own version is the final cut on Harry Smith’s Anthology of American Folk Music, & it includes one of Thomas trademarks—his solo on the quills, an African-American instrument that’s essentially a panpipe. A guitarist like Thomas could play the quills while he accompanied himself on guitar with the means of something like a harmonica rack. Although I didn't choose "Fishing Blues" for today's song, it worth a listen for sure. You can find it on YouTube here.
The Causes of Atrocities
Each and every one of them contributed to the nursery in different ways. I've walked in there over and over, sat down (on the rather lovely chair all thanks to Gina) and looked around at all of the different stories this nursery tells. What an amazing thing for me to tell my daughter. Each and every part of this nursery has so much love by so many people. I am more than excited for her arrival. I feel like I can actually sleep now (well, maybe not tonight because my mind is rushing and I'm still completely shocked.) This is by far the most thoughtful, kind thing that anyone has ever done. What on earth have I done right to be blessed by this many friends? I pray that my children will be blessed with at least one lifelong friend like the many that I have found.
There was a beautiful eye in the center of this, an opening in the clouds that really looked like an eye, just above where we walked on the beach. It wasn't so much the eye of a hurricane as it was a gentle celestial eye, opening on the dramatic meteorological activity. I tried to catch it with the camera in my phone, with mixed and mostly unsatisfying results. But you don't need an image. Reach back in your mind to a moment of your own. Think of the weekend, or the weekend before that one, when you walked on the beach or in the neighborhood or in the park and saw a break in the clouds, a beautiful blue spot, touched with swirls of white clouds, a glimmer of hope against the dark, lowering clouds.
Cutting a long story short, the whole experience set me back quite a long way physically. It has, and continues to be, a long road back, but the improvement has been very encouraging the last couple of months.
Please come say hello! It would be nice to meet you. Also, we'll give you a cookie.
The Department of Energy (DOE) constructed over 20,000 facilities to support nuclear weapons production and other activities, and approximately 5,000 of these facilities were identified as surplus in 1996 (DOE, 1997a). DOE’s strategy for managing its surplus facilities is to turn them over to its Office of Environmental Management (EM) to become part of EM’s overall site cleanup program (see Figure 2.1). EM will begin accepting additional facilities in 2002 and expects eventually to receive most of the remaining facilities. Many of these facilities are contaminated with radioactive materials and hazardous materials, such as mercury, asbestos, and lead. These facilities require continued monitoring and maintenance, because deterioration could eventually make them unsafe for workers to enter or increase the risk of releasing contaminants to the environment.
I was just checking around for events for the Summer and I came across this trending on twitter, Pentecost 2012! Everyone’s talking about it and I wonder how I missed it at all, well, it’s never too late. @hillsonglondon says One City. One night. The church together as One celebrating all that Pentecost represents. With worship lead by Tim Hughes of HTB, Hillsong London and the Jesus House choir, this promises to be an amazing event of music and the word.
Oh, alright, maybe a little. But that’s not the point.
then she took her lunch break , but was still in the bank. That is when everything broke loose.
I am a huge fan of Hilary Duff, so no matter what movie she plays in I find no fault with her. I know she has starred in her fair share of crappage movies but it doesn't matter to me :)
You can serve this vinaigrette as a condiment on the side OR this vinaigrette can be liberally served on the tuna and count as a vegetable for the meal because of the tomatoes. We love the marinated tomatoes and we love this vinaigrette, so we make a hearty serving to accompany the tuna and we drench the tuna! To help you determine how much vinaigrette you should make, for our 2 person household of marinated tomato lovers, I use a minimum of 2 cups chopped tomatoes, and the ingredient list below is scaled to our use; adjust accordingly.
A few years ago, a new couple started coming to our church. They were typical in that they hadn’t been actively involved in church for some time, and they had all kinds of wary misconceptions about what “church” would be. But they wanted to get married, so they sought a faith community that fit their progressive theology.
Heretics is almost a randomly-assorted collection of essays. The only common theme from beginning to end is that the subjects of his essays address something that is, in some sense, heretical when viewed from the position of Christian orthodoxy. After finishing this book, one reviewer remarked to GKC that it was all very well to list the things he opposed, but it was far harder to write of what he affirmed. Accepting the challenge, Chesterton went on to write Orthodoxy, a book with a sustained argument culminating in a wide-eyed embrace of Christian orthodoxy as the most thrilling and romantic of all possible creeds or beliefs. Finally, Chesterton wrote The Everlasting Man, an argument for the distinctiveness and universality of Christian belief focused mostly on the person of Jesus. (At the time of his conversion, Lewis had been reading extensively in Chesterton and had been reading The Everlasting Man immediately before his conversion.) Chesterton was 20 years older than Tolkien and 30 years older than Lewis, so he’s not quite an Inkling, but most everything that came to exist in the work of the Inklings is either foreshadowed or even explicitly taught in the works of Chesterton, which makes him quite helpful in understanding Lewis and Tolkien.
state who are carriers of the
Now, as I go all misty-eyed typing this, you should know that 'Tibbie-tubbies' is what Jack called the Teletubbies when he was two. And he hasn't wanted to watch it for years - after all, it's for babies, not great big boys of four years old! But it was left in front of the telly after the girls watched it the other day (yes, I am a bad, bad mother) and so he curled up next to me while I fed the Mouse, and flicked Teddy's tail. And looked very, very little.
Dogs are wonderful, they are loyal companions that bring us great comfort. My own dogs make me laugh and enrich my life in many ways. As humans we tend to label what we know and understand by attaching human emotions to our dogs. I hear it all the time, an owner will say to me “my dog is jealous” because that’s how the human would feel, not the dog. What humans call jealousy is one of two things in dogs, either competition or straightening out the pack order. The dominate dog will push the more submissive dog out of the way to get attention and this is pack order not jealousy. Dogs also do not feel hate, spite or guilt, this is placing human emotions to explain their behavior. Dogs simply do not have complex thinking or feel emotion in this way. Dogs will display unwanted behaviors because they are bored, lacking in exercise, or just having fun. While making a mess of the garbage may not seem like fun to a human it can be a great source of fun and food for a dog. It’s all about resources dogs constantly look for opportunities to take/guard and/or possess resources. Dogs don’t hate either. A dog will react to other dogs if the sense an imbalance, over dominance, or they may sense unstable emotions from the human around the other dog. Dogs will also react because they have temperament issues such as fear or anxiety.
The bag is made using two Fancy Favor Bags cut from the Fancy Favor Die from Stampin' Up! Make the base bag up as normal. For the top bag cut off the bottom pieces and turn upside down and slide over the base bag - Voila.
For those of us who suffer with Candida, there are not many sweetners out there that we can use that don't feed the candida. By the way, this is also a great sweetner for diabetics, Click here to learn about how NuNaturals can help with Controlling the Sugar In Your Diet.
12-11-2008
At the time I was a new mother and the text spoke to me just like that scene in Sex And The City 2 when Charlotte sought refuge in a kitchen pantry while her toddler cried for the sake of crying and after her eldest daughter purposely put red paint on her white, designer label skirt. As writers we do want our work to standout but at times we have to remind ourselves that although "sparkle" is eye catching, it should never be used as the sole means when trying to draw someone in when there is always the tried and true good story telling.
Add tomatoes salt to taste cover it and cook for 2-3 mins ocassionally saute it.
The castle was a closed world, like a great granite mausoleum full of the moldering bones of generations of men and women from earlier times, in their shrouds of slowly disintegrating gray silk or black cloth. it enclosed silence itself as if it were a prisoner persecuted for his beliefs, wasting away numbly, unshaven and in rags on a pile of musty rotting straw in a dungeon. It also enclosed memories as if they were the dead, memories that lurked in damp corners the way mushrooms, bats, rats, and beetles lurk in the mildewed cellars of old houses.
7 ounces good quality chocolate, chopped
As a ray of sunshine touches and transforms
they display knowledge of
ever feel that you’re better than anyone else.
Early Saturday morning, in the dark and the rain, Jason and I picked up some fellow OPRC runners and drove to the lakefront for the CARA Lakefront 10 Mile race. In the car we debated clothing options. Tank top and arm warmers? Short sleeves? Jacket? Pants? Capris? Shorts? When it's 50 and rainy and there's a possibility of wind one never quite knows what to wear. I ended up pinning my bib number to my capris so that I could wait until the last minute to decide what to wear on top.
“Barcelona can be a funny circuit: we all test there so regularly that every driver knows it like the back of his hand, yet it can still be an extremely tricky place to get absolutely right.
So between now and 31 May, I'd like to finish all the edits on paper. Then, until the end of this round on 21 June, I'd like to return to my get-up-at-5-am-to-write routine. Wish me luck!
Joe is giving his 20 minute presentation on his organizational assessment. Spouses were invited to attend and by Jove I R.S.V.P ed straight away. Joe interned for our county archive. Many of the records are stored at the local historical society. Joe’s focus is on how these two organizations work together to achieve similar goals.
I'm at the stage now where I Give up and will stick to what I know and can do with somewhat of OKness..(new word)..LOL...Needleturn / Freezer Paper.
Gen. Hunt makes great use of numbers in the narrative, which goes into detail on strategy and tactics. During the war that number crunching revolved around what later became known as the body count.
Out of curiosity — what are those awkward questions that the people in your life always ask, and how do you respond? Comment and let us know!
Bob Norman posted an article on his blog concerning some very well connected folks in Broward County.
My dear friend Ellen in Ca. makes the best, chewiest chocolate chip cookies! She'd bring them over and they would never last very long in our house. She showed me how to make them, but I never could make them like she did. Her trick was to use cold butter, which is opposite of what most recipes tell you to do.
you look up away from the wall
Looks like its best left alone, I know..but it had a basket-weave kind of pattern I liked,and my mind started whirring regarding what could be done with this. And then I remembered, our shoe closet was feeling rather lonely too, with its vacant surface.
- carrots
These behaviors occur more often in those with motivation to deceive–possibly because they are trying to plan and control what they say.
10)Refraining from unecessary looking,speaking,eating and mixing with the people as these things weaken ones eeman making it easy for devils
Today I am sharing with you a quick layout that uses the remaining papers from Paisley Petals collection that I have been sharing with you over the last few weeks.
Once the recycling and junk was in the alley bins, the yard sale items were turned into a wad of onesies, and the bag hit the thrift store door with a loud thwump, I had the rest to do.
The patient sits in front of the box for a prescribed period of time (anywhere from 15 minutes to several hours). For patients just starting on the therapy, initial sessions are usually only 10–15 minutes in length.
05) Jaime Hurtado – Bremen Germany/Bogota, Colombia
“All restaurants are now Taco Bell…”
Hmm… Maybe the French had the right idea after all? I really don’t know what the answer is, but this country is headed for a modern-day feudalism, run by corrupt millionaires and corporations for their own benefit, and with the needs of the people coming a very long way last.
I was proud of myself for doing 3 days of vacation (three wonderful vacation days on the river) on product-only. Then yesterday, my first day back at home, was my worst day ever regarding Optifasting. First I went with the three-year-old and my husband to an amusement park and I completely forgot to bring any product. We’ve been told we can drink a glass of milk to replace a shake, but that didn’t appeal to me. So I got a packaged Chinese chicken salad, mainly lettuce and chicken, and skipped the dressing. Which wouldn’t have been too bad except there were almonds in it which I also scarfed down. My husband said “This looks like the beginning of the end,” meaning once I’d eaten regular food I would be off product, which of course was annoying.
The entire idea of control is pointless. We do not have border controls; New Jersey's got stores full of whiskey and wine right over there and they don't control me. We can buy a case of 11% beer at the privately-owned distributor. We can go to a bar and drink whatever they have. The only thing "control" does...is make buying booze a pain in the ass.
Then Dan called back. "Oh, it's just a base frame bolt, worked loose from the vibration of the music," he said calmly. He even laughed a little bit at me. "Nothing to worry about."
A NUS spokesperson added that “the start time of an examination may be delayed by up to 30 minutes in the event of unforeseen events such as inclement weather and untoward traffic situations which are reported in reliable media sources.”
The whole gratitude thing sometimes comes easily to me and other times not so much. I never feel very sorry for myself, but it is easy to take things for granted from time to time. Right now, a feeling of thankfulness and being blessed is overwhelming me....I'll take it!
What Republicans have not noticed is that President Obama has rather neatly fulfilled nearly the entire agenda bequeathed to him by George W. Bush while, at the same time, blaming him for the Recession and everything else.
You shall not make cast idols.
The Piatt’s success will be Pittsburgh’s benefit. With numerous projects underway, Millcraft Industries has just added another piece to its huge stake in the Pittsburgh market.
We meandered through the legions of Japanese lenses, all content on shooting and not really looking. Comments from us snappers to each other Made me realise that we may be suffering from lens envy.
I’ve read a million reviews of nonfiction books about our government that referred to them as “page-turners” and “gripping dramas,” but I had never read a book that actually fit that description until now.
Winner, Cabourg Romantic Film Festival – Best Actor (Jean-Pierre Bacri)
The police are aware of the concerns many of us have expressed on this blog about increases in drug activity and crime in our neighborhoods. The police are working on a plan to beef up enforcement activities around town and I'm sure that in just a few weeks you'll hear "some politician" taking credit for all their hard work and planning. That's okay. Like many of us, Chief MacDonald welcomed the enthusiasm and community support demonstrated by Hyannis residents last week. I think we're all hoping this initiative produces results.
In 1989 I watched my television screen in awe as a single young Chinese student stood in front of a column of tanks and forced them to stop.
I’m not going to lie – I’ve never been big on comic books or action heroes. Even though I absolutely loved the Wonder Woman and The Incredible Hulk TV series growing up, it never really dawned on me that the characters were more than television personalities.
And bring your kids along.
The Deadstring Brothers are another of favorites playing a great showcase at the Continental Club.
Things that are going through my mind atm….
Hope you're having a great week. It's almost Friday!
Bukowski’s fiction has been described as a ‘detailed depiction of a certain taboo male fantasy: the uninhibited bachelor, slobby, anti-social, and utterly free,’ an image he tried to live up to with sometimes riotous public poetry readings and boorish party behavior.
Monday: Lazy day in the morning, and hour or so of work just after lunch, and then off to Irini's first "proper" ballet class, as opposed to the kindy dance we've been doing. I have to say, it was nice to not have to participate anymore, and Irini looked so cute in her uniform, but it is sad that she is growing up. Can't they stay babies a bit longer?!
We woke up and got dressed and headed out for the first bus that we needed to take into town where we would then transfer to the second bus that would take us right to Wal-Mart.
relationships. Specifically about the father-child relationship. I won't ruin it for it, but I do want to try to quote a line in the movie. One father confesses, "I don't want to be just good enough." He doesn't want to just get by as a dad. He doesn't want to settle for just good enough. Or even status quo. Do you find yourself making excuses? Settling? Justifying? As a mom, I was touched by this movie's message. I want to be a courageous mom & I want to be the wife my husband needs so that he can be a courageous dad. Not that his responsibilities fall on me, but that I am obedient to Christ as his helper. Encourager. Supporter. If you know someone without a dad, maybe you could be courageous in their life.
Now we all know that the same thing happens with people with ME or with CFS even though those two things are not completely the same.
As a preschool teacher in a progressive cooperative school, I don't generally feel the pressures to teach "useful" stuff. Everyone in my protected little world seems to embrace the notion of an open-ended, exploratory art process, one in which the end result is secondary to the act of creation. My colleagues teaching older children, however, especially as they approach middle school, feel intense pressure to demonstrate usefulness in everything they do, particularly when it comes to art. Art for art's sake is all well and good for preschoolers, but now it's time to knuckle down and get serious. It's an attitude that often forces art teachers to focus on artistic technique over actual creativity. Art students in this environment often find themselves learning more about "useful" things like composition, brush work, and color theory, than about their own creative process.
Said to his Mother,
While probably not a surprise to any of you, you'll likely appreciate this article from Science Daily: Getting in Rhythm Helps Children Grasp Fractions, Study Finds.
We train CKWs on how to use the ReadySet as part of the initial training we provide when we first recruit them. In addition, our Network and Training team is now designing a training program for Fenix to train its other ReadySet customers, which could provide additional revenue support to Grameen Foundation by establishing a training center of excellence that would enable other organizations to hire our professional trainers.
This one is ready (pics will follow):
The DVD Complete Collection set comes packed with plenty of extras that include a bonus CD with various members of the Japanese cast performing songs like the opening theme song “SUPER STREAM” as well as some great originals. The two main DVDs also include audio commentary tracks for Episode 4, 7 and 12. The first commentary has Yoko Hikase (voice of Houki) chatting with Asami Shimoda (voice of Rin Fan) while the commentary for Episode 7 has Hikase and Kana Hanazawa (voice of Charles) engaging in a fun chat about the characters. Finally, the Episode 12 commentary has Hikase and the talented Yukana (voice of Cecilia) talking about the final episode.
The photos that follow are matched with writings from Thoreau.
A senior counter-terrorism advisor to U.S. President Barack Obama says targeted drone strikes abroad are a legal, ethical and wise option in order to ensure national security.
Wisner is in turn close – very close - to deposed Egyptian President Mubarak. Here too, Frank and Nicolas have been helpful to each other: On 5 January 2009, Sarkozy called for a Gaza strip ceasefire plan.The plan, jointly proposed by Sarkozy and Mubarak, envisioned the continuation of the delivery of aid to Gaza – and talks with Israel on border security. Welcoming the proposal, US Secretary of State at the time Condoleeza Rice hailed the idea as “a ceasefire that can endure and that can bring real security”.
Having suitably refreshed myself, I returned to my bedroom. The very first thing I noticed as I opened the door was the rather remarkable smell as I entered the room. It took me a few moments to register that the smell was that of neat bourbon. Oh dear, trouble…I found my backpack where I’d stashed my bottles, took it into the bathroom and discovered that the bottle of Jim Beam had broken in the bag and had leaked out completely. That would explain the large damp patch on the carpet which smelled of bourbon. I was rather annoyed with myself, as you can imagine. I opened the window to try and dissipate the strong alcholic odour (it was starting to give me a headache, as it happens). I dressed for bed and went to sleep.
It’s a very easy recipe and procedure to make some very delicious treats. I think one of the best things about them is that they are made out of stuff everyone usually has at home. They aren’t time-consuming and they are perfect for breakfast, a snack or even just a cold day. I love to curl up with a scone and some hot chocolate or espresso. These little puppies are so versatile that they are pretty much impossible not to love!
While visiting with Kerri Walsh and Misty May-Treanor of the US Women’s Olympic Beach Volleyball team, the President learned about some of the wonderful traditions of beach volleyball.
Glue them on! Be sure to use a waterproof glue like the amazing E-6000 or any other glue of that nature. The husby was helping me take pictures (another one of his ways to "craft" with me. Ha! He's adorable.) I was trying to get him to take pictures of me gluing the felt on, but I ended up with two or three pictures of the coaster and a million ugly pictures of me! Maybe next time I'll let him glue and I'll take the pictures.
Howard’s attitude toward violence inflicted on non-whites is visible in some of his letters. In a letter to psychopathically racist cohort, H. P. Lovecraft, Howard talks about a rancher who was investigated for the murder of a Mexican. “…just why so much trouble was taken about a Mexican I cannot understand” and in reference to a trial in Honolulu where native Hawaiians were accused of rape, Howard wrote, “I know what would have happened to them in Texas. I don’t know whether an Oriental smells any different than a nigger when he’s roasting, but I’m willing to bet the aroma of scorching hide would have the same chastening effect on his surviving tribesman.” Robert E. Howard writes approvingly of racial violence in more than one instance and in the letter to Lovecraft he has implied that he knows the smell of a “nigger when he’s roasting.”
A few minutes later the man got up, smiled at me and said, "I haven't been on this bus before. Does it go downtown?"
I have discovered two web sites about photography. First one helped me to understand what F-number is. (F-number sometimes called focal ratio, f-ratio, f-stop, or relative aperture) It was hard to understand for me what is it for exactly!
The violence portrayed in the film was between ANC supporters and Inkatha supporters. The implication of the opening lines is that the violence committed by Inkatha supporters was part of a covert war waged on behalf of the apartheid Government, and that, consequently, any violence perpetrated by ANC supporters was defensive under attack. This is far from the truth.
then sunday morning it rained and poured.
This time next year,
Transitioning to the gluten free lifestyle in 2008 was the perfect time to be gluten free. Cookbooks and baking mixes and labeling were showing up everywhere and in abundance. I started to do research, buying mixes and cookbooks, and became interested in food like I never was in my BGF days. While I was rather obsessed in a less than healthy way about what I considered to be healthy food and eating, I never thought how much I would change simply because I took wheat/gluten out of my diet.
..Men have forgotten this truth. But you must not forget it. You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed. You are responsible for your rose.
Or how it smelled?
Plus, PCW Hall of Fame Inductions of:
By Socialist Party Wales
The One series is the fresh new lineup of smartphones that helped HTC take the spotlight early in 2012. While the One S and One X are flexing muscle at each other as a way to stay sharp for the invasion of the other predators with multi-core processors and high resolution screens, the One V aims at a less violent market segment – and it’s priced accordingly. While we wouldn’t go as far as to call it a budget phone, it’s a familiar package – and a lot friendlier – less powerful, but hopefully not underpowered. Not nearly as impressively equipped as its bigger siblings, the One V looks no less stylish – a good start is half the job done in the smartphone midrange.
Another look at how I reinterpret older artwork. The 2006 version was drawn with Sharpies, Prismacolor markers, and white out on a scrap of smooth bristol paper; today's redux was drawn with a dip pen, brushed with Speedball Super Pigmented Acrylic Ink, and given a stippled texture with my trusty #2 Rapidograph all in my watercolor Moleskine.
In preparing for his birthday, I was very excited to be able to have the opportunity to review the new board book by I See Me!, which is entitled, “My Very Happy Birthday”. In the story, Duck, Mouse, Bluebird, and Turtle, as well as their other friends, have joined together for a party in honor of your child. This book is available to be personalized for either a boy or a girl. The cover can also be personalized with your child’s name and their age and a dedication can be written on the inside. Once we personalized the book, our book read, “J’s Very Happy 2nd Birthday!”
The Gears were cut from a Tim Holtz Alterations Die, after covering some grunge paper with metal sticky tape.
The bad is that pretty much all control and standards – and enforcement of those standards – are gone.
This “subjection” is not “willingly,” i.e. creation made no sinful decision that caused this to happen. Thus, in a certain sense, creation is not “fallen.” However, it is subject to the same “fallen” existence that we know. Were fallen human beings to live in an unfallen world, our catastrophe would be greater (perhaps unredeemable). Little wonder, however, that creation groans. That it tolerates our footsteps is a sign of great patience and love.
The scene was evocative of a verse from one of my favorite hymns:
4) TENNESSEE ERNIE FORD "A CHRISTMAS SPECIAL" DOUBLE LP
The Beautiful Cigar Girl is an excellent read, and I almost feel like a criminal for having paid so little for it. It’s still available on Amazon, and for not much more money than I paid out of the bargain bin, so if I’ve piqued your interest, give it an order. You won’t regret it.
2 Couldn't Stand the Weather 4:41
O’Riordan, M. A., Plaisted, K. C., Driver, J., & Baron-Cohen, S. (2001). Superior visual search in autism. Journal of Experimental Psychology: Human Perception & Performance, 27, 719-730.
What kind of title is that??? Well how about a happy one from someone who has experienced a week-long attack of fever, chills, head congestion, cough and general body aches and pains. Why would that make me happy? Well coming out of that illness makes me appreciate life even more! For the first time in months (yes I said MONTHS) I can actually breath through my right nostril. I have no idea what was going on prior to this week and honestly don't really care much as long as it stays away.
We have a special song. One that has stood the test of time. I’m no longer a huge Shania Twain fan. But I still think that the words to the following song ring true.
Key Verse: “Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, and teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you. And surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age” (Matthew 28:19-20)
Like anything else, you have to make an effort! Go for it.
Thought Leaders include:
I’m necessarily sad to leave Florida, but I’m tired of running. I’m tired of dreaming up a new name every six months. Tired of new houses, new schools. I wonder if it’ll ever be possible for us to stop.
(Sorry, girly! I swear we didn’t know! Really!)
Our house was hit by a sickness so terrible, it pains me to even talk about it. Fortunately, it stayed with the adults and didn’t move on to the children. After a good long disinfection session, I finally have time to sit down and think about where I am right now, my goals for the week, and share some optimism about the future.
Phew.
Mawlana Hazar Imam is currently in Kenya to meet with the Jamat, after having visited with Jamats in Tanzania and Uganda. While in Nairobi, Hazar Imam will also preside over the opening of the Aga Khan University Hospital’s Heart and Cancer Unit, and the groundbreaking of the Aga Khan University Graduate School of Media and Communications.
THIS DESIGN’S CONCEPT IS TITLED “FRACTALS” BECAUSE IT SEEKS TO EXEMPLIFY THE CONCEPT OF REPEATING SHAPES.
As well as celebrating the Diamond Jubilee, the exhibition also marks the 75th anniversary of the opening of the National Maritime Museum by King George VI on 27th April, 1937. The king’s speech from that day and his Admiral of the Fleet uniform also feature in the exhibition.
You are clearly defiling, shaming, manipulating, harassing and finally raping those prostitutes in Porta Rico or where ever the f&ck it was.
This post is to announce the winner of HOP 2 HUNT on ICR, marking its first anniversary celebrations..... :D
Should I think BIG and buy a lottery with bigger stakes? (I'll consider it)
My complaint against this prior restraint of expression is that it suppresses the spontaneity of the conversation: no one can read my comment until the blog host reads and publishes it. In the meantime, who knows how many other soulful comments are held captive in the Internet's version of purgatory along with mine? This process also means that when comments are eventually posted, they cannot appear in any logical or meaningful context, one with another, because each was composed oblivious to the others. Some moderators will even publish them in inverse chronological order! WTF is the point? I want to ask ...
Prominent at Book Island are several periodicals as well. Selina Greene, director, has a newsletter for the sim’s weekly events.
“Progressive personally” is the description #1;
So that's two negatives? Not at all. The approach has a point, and a very clear one in 2011. It moves a player away from complete freedom of choice, the chance to do and be all the player wants in the game - away from listing those things in endless lines of numbers - and has the player's interactions with the game world mediated more through the character, a character who may have quirks the player wouldn't necessarily choose, demanding more of the player, surprising the player and keeping things interesting. This means more being another individual, more exploring another existence, more roleplaying. Players move beyond the rules. Power is passed from ruleset to player.
Donald Driver – looked too much like a GI Joe or Jacked up Ken doll to be taken seriously. Yes, we women-folk like to see some eye candy, but his upper body was borderline creepy… there were muscles poking out I didnt even know existed. His dancing, was just OK – they made a big deal about how athletes love the Paso, but maybe it’s because they finally get to show their ‘assets’.
In 2007, through the Texas High School Project, the Gates Foundation shelled out $10,550,000 to the Cosmos Foundation, a Gulen enterprise that operates twenty five publicly funded charter schools in Texas.
The Eternal Cycle.”
The candy dishes are Hambley rubons. I used them on a extra piece
actor is growing a stylish moustache for it, instead of going for a fake
His comments on Tuesday were blunt: the big banks reap profits “far too easily” and operate like a monopoly that needs to be broken in order to speed the flow of money to loan-hungry smaller businesses.
The other interesting thing I noticed--from both sides of the political spectrum--were the hatred and vitriol that was spewed at the opposition. That kind of partisanship is what is bogging down our progress in the Senate and the House back in Washington. The same things seems to happen--partisanship wise--here in our state. The difference here is that the extreme conservatives have hijacked the legislature and run away without truly representing the middle-of-the-road constituents. That part is most frustrating to me. If we can't cooperate and respect each other, how will we ever get anything done?
I can’t wait to see you again. I plan to do some serious making up for our last fight.
The ability is to find brand name Louis Vuitton purses with low prices, so that you can mixture glasses ladies, a common regarding the basket striking by their upper back to find.
Mary Lou Finney is less than excited about her assignment to keep a journal over the summer. Boring! Then cousin Carl Ray comes to stay with her family, and what starts out as the dull dog days of summer quickly turns into the wildest roller coaster ride of all time. How was Mary Lou suppose to know what would happen with Carl Ray and the ring? Or with her boy-crazy best friend Beth Ann? Or with (sigh) the permanently pink Alex Cheevey? Suddenly a boring school project becomes a record of the most exciting, incredible, unbelievable summer of Mary Lou's life. But what if her teacher actually does read her journal?
“You think you’re supposed to be in some other rocket-building Farmer’s barn?” I asked.
Just make sure they don’t have paid visitors hiding in the closets, in the showers or under the beds.
Here is how it looked when it was all done…. Hubby had his on a bun, I just ate mine with a fork. De-lish!
(spoken language is French with english subtitles available)
Today’s gap up opening pushed the SPX past 1387, a level we noted yesterday, and it hit 1391 in the first half hour of trading. This sharp rally from monday’s SPX 1359 low cleared out the Intermediate wave B count at SPX 1393. It now appears Int. B is still underway. There are two ways of counting this pattern. First, which we noted quite early on the blog this morning, an expanding abcde triangle. The touch points of the triangle would be: 1388, 1365, 1393, 1359 and the current rally. This would suggest a potential high again at SPX 1398. The second an inverted abc flat. The touch points here: 1393, 1359 and the current rally. This would suggest a potential high right around SPX 1393. There are other options open as well. But these two appear to be the most obvious at the moment.
Lord of the Rings and Chronicles of Narnia both have the same sort of dragons, which are the older Western dragons– big, fire-breathing, and mean. (And of course they hoard treasure.) I think Dragon Eustace might have sparked the good dragon episode in fantasy.
I just received a phone call from someone I've never met, who's seen my artwork down at the Starduster Diner located at our little airport. He wants to buy it right off the wall! I feel so astonished.
Look beyond the dark clouds, we’re gonna meet up there
Repeat the steps above, substituting Charles Shaw Cabernet, Shiraz, or Chardonnay for the swill beer. You may become hung over.
Now released
Jae nudges me.
Watch the south and southeast.. also watch the NORTH USA — Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, Indiana, Illinois.
Have you ever heard the name of something and just wanted to try it so much but never seem to be able to find a shop selling it? That was me with Key Lime Pie. I had no idea if I would like it, I just wanted to try it.
All death is…
A few of my favs?
are growing up so far away from their o.n.l.y. grandmother.
So let's go to the pictures!
MjL@thetwocentscorp.com
That evening, we grabbed dinner at Old Man Rafferty's in South Hillsborough. This place has a great atmosphere, sort of up scale American pub. The menu offers normal pub fare with some house offerings. Definitely get the chili (ether a bowl or on the Nachos) and I would recommend the Reuben, which was probably one of the best I've ever had, and that's saying a lot. On the beer front, they have the usual craft beer suspects such as Hoegaarden and Sam Adams. I had a draft of the only offering that I'd never head of, Acme California IPA. This was a hop-centric offering with a modest malt backbone. Unfortunately I didn't take notes, so we're going from memory, but if it serves me well, it was a solid offering. All in all, this place, be it off the beaten path, is definitely worth the stop.
My first thought was about my fiancee. "I didn't know she felt like that about it,' I said to myself, half angry, half sad. 'She might have told me.' But when I turned round there was nobody there. She was down the other end of the church examining something.
I went and visited my sister in law at the hospital today who had just given birth to a new beautiful baby boy. It was the same hospital that I spent a month on bed rest, delivered Cameron, and then spent close to 3 months in the NICU. I had not been back since Cam's discharge and I'll admit I was nervous. Pulling into the parking garage and smelling the hospital smells brought back a lot of very upsetting memories. I couldn't not think about the 150+ times that I had to drive away from the hospital while leaving my baby behind, many of which she was still critically ill and there was no real promise of her ever coming home. It was emotional but I was greatly comforted by the fact that I could freely bring my baby with me and then leave with her in hand.
"You - what would you like to be?" she asked a girl with reddish pigtails.
1. The photos are in fact real. No photo shopping or alteration have been done, the prints were made by putting our faces in fresh powder and then I took pictures with a point and shoot camera.
Images for Arum Lilea.
Cheating a little here. I watched this last week but hoo-doggy did I freaking love it. An homage to Steven Spielberg that is The Goonies, Close Encounters of the Third Kind and E.T. all wrapped up in a mind-blowingly beautiful movie with some of the best kid actors I've seen in a long time. Is there some tension at the Fanning household now? Methinks there might be, because Elle, Dakota's little sister, is fabulous here and steals the show. The train crash at the beginning was big and loud and crazy and a lot of CGI but it didn't bother me so much because it was just awesome to watch. At the end of the film, all I could think was, "Hey! I really wanted to see the movie the kids were shooting!" And they totally show it in the credits which made me giddy. Pretty good little zombie flick for it being shot by 10 year olds, I must say.
It's great, but real - "Wow, you've altered my perspective and made me feel great...but for how long?" I am in complete agreement with Frank Zappa's assertive dislike of love songs when he said something along the lines of, "They want to you believe love is the end. Love is the beginning!" (With that in mind, we can only wonder what sort of love songs could have come out of the mustachioed one's pen...)
How do you rate yourself? Probably if you’re like most people you will probably rate yourself too low. After all, you’re the one who sees that reflection staring back at 5 in the morning after 3 hours of sleep.
So let's talk equipment. Like most homesteading ventures, you can go ultra frugal, super grand, or something in between. I usually find that the extremes create frustration... either because it doesn't work like it should or financially it takes all the joy out of the process. Typically, a modest investment in some good supplies will help you to succeed better than if you try to go "too cheap" and still last long enough to pay for themselves (if you shop around). The goal is to get the most bang for your buck, to only buy what you really need to be successful, and make do with what you can.
Q - Character must pay 30 gold pieces in taxes for every magic item the character owns.
about how you look?
it for a while and I suggested a nose. He thought about it for a
But he won’t receive me
God has no new message for you, no new revelation. It is the same strong call from the Word: "He hath shewed thee, O man, what is good; and what doth the LORD require of thee, but to do justly, and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God?" Are you listening? Are you obeying? Are you being lulled to a spiritual sleep by all that is happening in your life? We need to shake ourselves out of our slumber before it is too late. This life is all you and I have to give God the glory because we choose to do so by our free will. Choose today to mentally set an alarm that will keep your eyes focused on eternity and eternal things.
As amusing as “Stellaberg” is, what is the problem with Frank Gallagher just having a pint of Stella? That example might be a bit ropey. Inbev are more likely to pay money so Frank Gallagher doesn’t drink Stella than any lout brewer pay money so he does, but even so drinking is a normal legal activity.
My New Year’s resolution that concerns you… “This year I am going to cook my ass off!”
So we didn’t eat out and the credit card was saved that expense. We went home and ate hamburger helper. And today, when we got paid, I sat down to pay bills saw how much money I had for groceries the next two weeks… and I was thankful my husband talked me out of eating out yesterday.
Pillion
I have learned accepting yourself is a daily task, like taking the trash out. I have good days and bad days, and I can’t declare from this day forward I will accept myself. But I can declare this feeling of self acceptance is wonderful and it’s a feeling I don’t want to loose. I feel stronger and more confident, like I can conquer the world and can achieve anything!
about leadership anyway? When you’re in charge, you just get things done, right?
It is the time of Captain Swing and his Electrical Pirates, and history will never be the same.NOTE: Warren Ellis doesn't call this comic steampunk, I DO (as do others). So, while Mr. Ellis may not be writing Victorian fantasy, Captain Swing IS solid retro-futurism (if you're puzzling over the distinction, see my steampunk intro.)
Also – and I note this strictly for journalistic purposes – Lampshade ate approximately one pound of goldfish crackers which, when poured onto a plate, look and sound a lot like cat food.
My goal is to get each days laundry folded THAT day. I've done really well for the last week. It's so much easier when there's not as much to fold at one time too.
Bizarre stimuli in my soul
We have stuck together since the late 1950's for the sake of the kids, but the whole of this latest election process has made me realize that I want a divorce.... I know we tolerated each other for many years for the sake of future generations, but sadly, this relationship has clearly run its course.
I ended up doing PR in a weird way. Ten years ago, I joined Phoenix Online as a volunteer staff writer to make a video game. A pipe dream from my youth, something that sounded fun and creative while I was in the funk of temp jobs and living at home following graduating college in 2002 as an English major with a tacked on Philosophy minor. Over the years, I ended up one of the Directors of a fledgling company, and roughly two years ago, I inherited the job of running PR.
(7) The first parable recorded by Mark, the parable of the sower, rather plainly does not fit the allegorical interpretation added to it and so affords us a glimpse into what may have happened. In the added interpretation the focus is changed from the act of sowing the seed to the fate of the seed after it has been sown. Now the sower disappears altogether, although the harvest should be his reward for having persevered in his work. Indeed, because the harvest can be of no concern to the soil it grew in, the concept of reward now becomes irrelevant. It is replaced by the concept o fitness or receptiveness to the growth of the seed (that is, the gospel), thus initiating a theme of paramount interest to the write—as we can tell from everything else he wrote—but a theme that was surely not intended in the earliest form of the parable.
I’ve been perusing the set lists from the tour so far and the portents are good. I reckon we can definitely count on Mansion on the Hill, Cortez the Killer, Cinnamon Girl, Heart of Gold, Old Man, Hey Hey My My, Pocahontas, Everybody knows this is Nowhere, Are You Ready for the Country, The Needle and the Damage Done, Unknown Legend, Down by the River and Rockin’ in the Free World. We may also get Like a Hurricane, Tonight’s the Night, Fuckin’ Up, Comes a Time, From Hank to Hendrix and World on a String. That’ll do me – fan friendly and accessible to those (like Mrs Eldest) who don’t really know his stuff. Should be grand!
I honestly think that being meticulous is essential to success. I pride myself on being extremely careful and having an eye for detail. To me, taking that extra bit of time to attend to details produces better result. I also pay meticulous attention to my work. I have heard people say that a meticulous person is actually a perfectionist – which I think is undoubtedly true. Actually, I could be meticulous to an extent of being a fastidious. I however think I shall not elaborate on being fastidious :)
As for my overall impressions of Kyiv, I really want to revisit during a season with nicer weather. The market on St. Andrew’s Descent was one of the best souvenir markets I’ve been to (outside of Moscow), and I definitely ate my fill of potato pancakes and borsch that week. There was a great Jewish restaurant in the old Merchant’s district at the bottom of St. Andrew’s Descent that I would highly recommend if you want something different but authentic to the area and with some of the friendliest servers we have ever had. The Monastery and Museum of the Great Patriotic War are must sees and located right next to each other. Honestly, we did a lot of wandering and missed the one thing we really wanted to see (Pripyat), but Kyiv is a really interesting city and so affordable. Plus, American citizens do not need a visa for tourist travel to the Ukraine. However, we did run into a huge mess trying to get back to Saint Petersburg on the train – note, the direct train to Piter does transit Belarus (something you think would be easy to find out ahead of time, but is not) and we did not have transit visas, which led us on a comical travel experience you may read about in my other blog entry “Only in the Ukraine.” Seriously, for me it was the best part of the trip because I like a good laugh and we met some really stellar people, such as our taxi driver.
Nj3(945-1030) (Alex Mackinnon and friends)
Which eyes not yet created shall o'er read;
Morning All you lovely Bloggers,
Knowing You means that I am forgiven for all the petty, crappy stuff I do or say.
The fall in Tuscaloosa seemed an odd amalgam of earthly effects: the leaves burned with color and curled to crackling on the ground. The late afternoons felt like New England with a refreshing breeze, while the sun in its mid-day arc leaned down on the dry, baked ground so that you thought that summer with its humid swelter might go on forever.
Vanilla Cupcake with Peach Compote and Whipped Cream
—Sara Ahmed, The Promise of Happiness, 2010
He picked up his jacket - and found his keys in the pocket. "Someone put them there," Elie said will full conviction. We talked about his apartment, the lock, some things he had to do.
Whenever you take your shoes off at the end of the day you want to immediately put a cedar shoe tree in them. No plastic trees or rolled up socks aren’t the same. A cedar tree will help the leather keep its shape, absorb the moisture from your feet being in there all day and help detract moths and other pests.
As for drawbacks, the main one for me is weight: As shown, the Rawland rSogn weighs about as much as my similarly built Rivendell Sam Hillborne - close to 30lb. I am told by those who've ridden both bikes that the Rawland is more responsive and faster, particularly uphill, and that is good to know. But I'll be honest: I am a little tired of heavy roadbikes. I would like something lighter, and I know it's possible. Aside from this, I would of course prefer it if the frame were lugged, but that is a matter of personal taste. The double-plated fork crown and the decorative lugwork on the headtube do create sufficient visual interest to keep me from dwelling on this for too long.
Much to our surprise, we had no damage at all at our condo. Down trees everywhere but nothing was wrong, just spoiled food in the fridge. Fortunately our place which was completely submerged was saved by the double paned windows due to the extra protection they had for golf courses. We lived on the first tee. We packed up about two weeks worth of stuff and high tailed it to Houston. I was transferring to Houston anyway in a couple weeks and the job let me leave early.
We hang out in the admissions area, they confirm that my water has broken, and send us upstairs to a delivery room! Our nurse asks about our birth plan... we left it on the coffee table... we laugh again. We explain that we want to go natural and she says perfectly fine, whatever we want. Next nurse, not so much. She says that Pitocin will probably be the only way we'll deliver in a safe timeline (17-24 hours after water breaking) and we should probably think about starting it right away. Then, she says my blood pressure is too high and I need to lay down for an hour. Contractions slow way down while I'm laying on the bed. This was not where I wanted to be. I wanted to be walking the halls, dancing with Ryan while moaning through contractions, sitting in the bathtub, and rolling around on a yoga ball! What the hell was I doing on my back in a hospital bed???!!!
This is not to say that Junior Seau is Duerson, that somehow they are the same because they were football players and their lives took them to these lonely and brutal deaths. No one could ever say that with certainty, even if their lives brought them to this kind of moment with a gun.
Have You Ever Danced?
just in time for giving a gift card gift
It took a lot of courage (or foolishness) but I stuck in another long position at 9900 with a stop loss at 9800. If it drops to 9800 it's going all the way to 9500 at least.
There are also various things that might contribute to the weakening of the parts of the eye. For instance, the rays of computer monitor coupled with constant eye strain caused by extended staring at the computer screen might speed-up eyesight degeneration. Repeatedly exposing your eyes to the sun’s heat might also affect your eyesight.
Nevertheless, as an interfaith child, I cannot help responding to the optimism inherent in this video: all ages, colors, and religions dance joyously together at the climax. The fictional black father and Jewish mother appear to be a warm and loving couple, and the progeny appear to be anything but confused. These young women project defiance and confidence, claiming and celebrating both sides of their heritage. Unlike the cautionary tales of black and Jewish relationships from a generation ago (see James McBride’s The Color of Water, or Rebecca Walker’s Black, White and Jewish), this video hints at some of the benefits of interfaith and interracial marriage embraced by a new generation of interfaith children, and could help to offset some of the antiquated fear-mongering and tribalism of religious institutions and the press when writing about interfaith and interracial families.
Since I seemed to have a bit of the green punched paper and strawberry paper left I decided to make a little 4 1/2inch square card to go with it. I reached for the decorative border from the same Preserves Set and stamped it in Black and then used the Trompe Script Upper and Lower Case Font Sets to creat the 'For You' sentiment in the centre that was stamped in Rose Red versacolor and cut with Circle Nestabilties and Label 3 Nestabilities. To finish I simply added some silver brads to the corners and cut a small strawberry to embellish the sentiment panel.
- my journey thus far...it's been anything but boring; it's been a joy
There is a hole in my cup
For years, the Tulu speaking population of Dakshin Karnataka, called Tuluvas, have been demanding Tulu Nadu- comprising Dakshina Karnataka, Udupi, Mangalore (part of Karnataka) and Kasargod (part of Kerala). These, they say, form parts of the historical Tulu Nadu (Tulu country).
SCHLESSINGER: They're afraid.
to see.
The randomly drawn prize for this set of 10 sketches is worth over $200.00!!!!
Some die cuts from Tim Holtz, Memory Box, PTI, Die Versions, Martha Steward Punches
For many years there has not been a cure for those suffering the disease known as Cystic Fibrosis.
My husband is saying to his mates “If Carlsberg did labours ….”
I located my highest level notes from the 2010 conference and this is what I gleaned (and I still think about many of these takeaways).
What happened in this case was totally different since the ex-parte petition for the issuance of a writ of possession was filed by the petitioners against private respondent. On the other hand, the complaint with preliminary injunction was filed by the private respondent against herein petitioners. It is not a case, therefore, of the private respondent instituting two (2) remedies in two (2) different fora. Her case entailed only one (1) forum, to be precise, with the RTC, Branch 57.
And so when you look for unity, when you look for someone over the age of 60 to put their job on the line for your benefit, for your future, for your "quality of life", for your scope protection, remember this:
Valentine’s Day is just around the corner and the big butted moral police brigade has started raising their voice. Looks like they have run out of Pink Chaddis again.
Well, when that happened, I started an official grievance against him via the university’s Human Resources section, because I reckoned he was stopping me from doing what I was being paid to do (I was at the time part-funded via Intute).
What a wonderful busy couple of weeks I have had!! Can you guess where I was heading to on this particular day? Way out west, to the Lake District to make my annual pilgrimmage to the Woolfest festival - for a fibre nut like myself it is fantastic, a huge must that usually requires a huge bank balance - needless to say I had to set myself a limit and unbelievably I stuck to it this time!!
This recipe was something that my dad requested I make while I was home. I think he meant to make it but then when I came home he had me whip it up – which I fully took on the challenge of salvaging our pears that were a little more than ripe. It is from the GQ November 2011 edition.
Ward No. 6
All is cool... is it Friday yet?
All I know, is... if I conducted my business in this way and mistreated my clients as such, not listening to anything they have to say, categorically sticking to my opinion... I would NOT LAST VERY LONG, certainly in this economic climate!
So I SHOULD be back later with some of that, until then I just thought I'd let you know I'm still alive.^_^ Byee x
Changes other than text will be an additional $5 to $15 each, depending on the change.
I’ve found peace, but I’ve lost my heart
I’m not like that.
We need for publishing to break this trend. Stop idealizing white beauty. I would rather there were no models gracing YA book covers rather than see wall after wall of only white ones. It's time for publishers and booksellers to act more responsibly. They have the ability to influence entire generations of young people. Tu Books is already paving the way with multi-cultural YA titles and covers. They have seen the need in the market and they are answering it. It is up to booksellers and readers to support them and make it clear that their endeavor is important and help it become a success. Then maybe more publishers will follow in their footsteps and help change the current landscape of YA book covers.
However small,
I wanted to make sure everyone had a fair chance to enter all of the ones they wanted to, so the first half of the giveaways are open through the end of the month, and the second half through the first week of April!
I made a decision. I grabbed the nearest fire hose, pulled it out to around the firewall, opened the valve and pointed the stream towards the flame. I was spraying against the strong wind, so I wasn't accomplishing what I wanted. I started moving closer, while keeping the stream on the stack. The flame was smaller, but still going. Eventually I was almost under the stack, which was were I needed to be. The powerful stream of water washed the flame off the top of the stack. I stood there for about a minute pouring water on the stack to guarantee it wouldn't light again.
I thought of the possible complaints, the letters to my director, looking for a new job whilst being denounced by the national press and having my unorthodox teaching methods debated on late night talk shows. The students gave me a certain number of assurances and in the end consented. (Humm?! Maybe “agreed” would be a safer word here!) They could do their presentation but there would be NO audio or NO visual material to support their discussion.
Does your partner ridicule you for expressing yourself?
Kate: Chicken-y.
I would ask all those bloggers, BNP activists and supporters to act solely for the benefit of the party.
For the GOP, it’s not about helping students graduate with less debt – in fact, some among them blame students for going to expensive schools. Romney told folks to shop around more to find the best deal, as if education were something you could buy on Amazon. Rick Santorum hinted that young people shouldn’t aspire to college at all, calling the educated “snobs”. One Republican leader in Florida said that the state shouldn’t be subsidizing students who major in anthropology because there are no jobs in anthropology, which of course misses the point of education all together but that’s for another post.
So we’re still about 4 months out from General Assembly and it feels like I’m banging my head into a wall. Not just for me but for a lot of the young adults I’ve talked to about this.
"I am seventy two years old." He spread out the fingers of his hands and smiled again, while we stood with our jaws dropped.
and plotting how to take your place.”
The actual surgery requirements vary from person to person and could well be minimal to extensive. Each patient will need to get personalized advice and opinion of a facial surgeon to determine the desired and required procedure. FFS surgery is something that many potential patients often times plan for quite a while so it is crucial you don’t rush the initial process.
The Communications Group of President Aquino will soon have three spokespersons: Herminio ‘Sonny’ Coloma, Edwin Lacierda, and Ricky Carandang – one for dzMM, another for ABS-CBN, and a third for ANC.
“Singaporeans need to do their part to make newcomers feel welcome, and to help them imbibe the values that have made Singapore strong as a society,” he said without elaborating on the part of immigrants themselves.
This post was written for inclusion in the monthly Carnival of Natural Parenting hosted by Code Name: Mama and Hobo Mama. This month our participants have shared how they advocate for healthy, gentle parenting choices compassionately. Please read to the end to find a list of links to the other carnival participants.
(I wanted something Paris inspired anyway, cause I'm going there this spring with a sight-seeing school trip)
What a great beer.
I love the graphic, modern look of it, and in person the layering looks really cool.
And here (what you’re still reading?) is where the true nightmare begins. I agreed to fly standby in coach on a direct flight to LAX that’ll land at 9:30 PM or so. I’ll skip world’s nastiest gate agent, and get to the nitty gritty. After the plane if boarded, I’m told to find any available seat in coach, which I do. Then we sit on the tarmac, and sit, and sit.
This question has been answered many times before and in many ways so this is just a brief comment. The Lutheran Church baptizes at any age meaning that age is not the focus of or the requirement for baptism. Scripture nowhere mandates an age for baptism. It is how we understand baptism that gives us an understanding why baptizing infants is a good practice.
Have you seen the Retiring List. Click HERE to see it and order your favorite stamp set before they are gone. Ordering starts ( April 15, 2011-May 31st, 2011).
Enjoy x
Mayor Booker posted on his Facebook page, "a child being born right now, today, is depending on us to liberate their potential, and ensure that they enjoy America as truly a land of equal opportunity."
This video from a college professor in Florida says it all and is THE most compelling argument for shutting down every public school in America, bulldozing them, and throwing at least nine out of ten teachers and administrators in jail.
5) Dell
Every day in the weight room, Hamilton and Rambo discuss who the best safety duo in the SEC might be. The conversation continues long after they leave the gym.
Saturday morning I arose early and joined a friend for an early morning walk. I noted that towering conifers still inhabit the hillside, the little white chapel still provides a quiet place to meditate and tulips still fill the planting beds. The quiet was suddenly interrupted, as it has been in prior years, by the “rat-ta-tat-tat, rat-ta-tat-tat,” of a pesky old woodpecker as he tapped away on a metal pole. As we crossed the bridge over the old mill-pond a blue heron swooped down out of the sky, made a cursory glide across the lagoon and disappeared again.
if you knew how i watched you while you slept
Nothing others do is because of you. What others say and do is a projection of their own reality, their own dream. When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you won't be the victim of needless suffering.
I don’t really make a big deal out of Valentine’s Day because I have always been single and I never have anyone special to spend it with, other than friends.
Nice, deep smell. Not terribly bready like I'd expect, but deep ad not hoppy. Slightly fizzy smell to it. Tan head didn't stick around too long, but didn't disappear immediately, either.
from his famous
Of course my friend,
Cape Town - The government tabled its new growth path in Parliament on Tuesday, part of which proposes a cap on salaries and bonuses for senior managers and executives earning more than R550 000 a year.
Ladies and Gentlemen, the Fasten Seat Belt sign has been turned on, but feel free to ignore it, because sometimes life is best lived on its dizzy edges. Your cruising altitude today will be sky high, and you will be flying at staggering speeds as you travel alongside Zoe Tisdale, former Valley Girl and rock star turned bored butter saleswoman.
..she didnt need to !!!
To make the cupcakes, first preheat oven to 325 degrees. Line standard muffin tin with paper liners. Whisk together flour and salt. With an electric mixer on medium-high speed, cream butter and sugar until pale and fluffy, scraping down sides of bowl every few minutes. Add citrus zests. Reduce speed to medium, and add vanilla. Add eggs, three at a time, beating until until incorporated, scraping down sides of bowl as needed. Reduce speed to low. Add flour mixture in four batches, beating until completely incorporated after each.
So you were essentially broke?
Genetically modified organisms and genetically engineered seeds, plants and foods have been making their way into the very fabric of our lives since the early 1990's and continue to do so. Mainly because we just didn't know about them. This biotechnology was slipped under our radar of general awareness because a small group of people deemed that we didn't 'need' to know. That as consumers we weren't interested in knowing these things. So a few people get to decide what information is needed and what is not?
As a result of the operation, 13 fake marriages were uncovered, the first of them dated about September 1997.
*To read as many books as possible and kick-start my reading pace again.
But what always seems to piss you off the most is when someone tells you what you've already known for a while, but have been too in denial about to really accept it as a fact.
But I took one for the team with this one…
Make a simple syrup with the sugar and water. Mix the sugar with the water in a saucepan and bring to a slow boil to dissolve the sugar. Remove from heat and add lemon juice.
“Smoking Permitted”, or similar easily understood verbiage on signage posted on those businesses that would prefer to cater to the market segment made up of citizens and employees that smoke, as well as non-smokers that support those businesses is the most equitable, simplest, safest, least intrusive, least restrictive resolution to the highly questionable concerns regarding exposure to SHS. The appropriate reparation to Hospitality and leisure based business owners in this instance is to allow exemption from a law that should have never reached the ballot based on the insufficiency in meeting the Fair and Truthful criteria of the petition language.
Only Canada (4.92) made a similar achievement in the American continent in 2011, while the United States concluded with 6.06.
“What’s that?” he asked.
RZA feat. MF Doom – Biochemical Equation
The end of a vacation is always so bitter sweet. Sure, I’m glad that my cat’s not dead and seems to remember that I’m the guy that feeds him. It’s also nice to be back in my own bed, where my pillow smells like my old gym socks and my wife and I know exactly how to angle the fan for a refreshingly pure and blissful sleep. But that last day of vacation, when I’m back home and unpacking has that awful feeling that Sundays always had when I was a kid.
The power of subconscious mind can be used to improve one’s darts performance. Self hypnosis trains the mind to work in sync with the body which is of a major help in this activity.
HCPC 3341 Church in the Wildwood PreCut Set
Level 29: MP Cost: 60, Duration: 870 seconds, All Stats: +15%.
“So stamping me for being from the desert is any better?” Derrek said with pointed annoyance.
Migliore L, Naccarati A, Zanello A, Scarpato R, Bramanti L, Mariani M. Assessment of sperm DNA integrity in workers exposed to styrene. Hum Reprod 2002; 17: 2912-2918.
"We have appointed a further 400 who are still waiting to be trained at the beginning of this year."
2- My latest former boss.
Clusterfluff
Don’t get me wrong. I’m not saying the tax (and other) professionals don’t deserve time off and away from the firm. On the contrary, they need to take off. But, business development should be a focus shortly thereafter.
this job is ideal in that it is around 5-10 hours a week and is pretty flexible and i can do most of it from home (aside from the actual therapy). i have a small case load of one and it is perfect. wonderful college girls take care of ava while i am gone so i know she is in good hands. you all make it possible. thank you. knowing your child is safe and with people that love her provides justin and i with such a sense of peace and gratitude.
as she goes
Easy to say… unless it’s just happened.
Once again, there may be redeeming qualities in a movie with language. And if it's an historically accurate film, then that's just real life, and not language for the sake of language. And I have seen many good movies that have a little profanity in them.
We experimented with lifting the lid and closing the lid. We found that when we had a choir near the piano it was best to close the lid. Otherwise, we left the piano opened on the smallest prop.
LinkedIn is a social media application that is essential for any business professional. It has been said that everyone in business should be on it (Schaffer, 2009). Many are. The most used social media app is LinkedIn (Association of Accounting Marketing, 2010). The purpose of this article is to explain why you–an accounting or business student–should be on LinkedIn and how you should use it.
V’s newest obsessions are dancing, watching Umi Zoomi and Dora, clementines, ice packs (for imaginary injuries), and jumping on beds.
3) Either select an image from your mobile gallery OR take a new snapshot with your phone or tablet’s camera
I'm loving the Black Radiance Artisan Color Baked blushes. I wasn't sure what Plum Sorbet had in store, but once I swatched it I was reminded of another blush I own, Nars Sin. I set out to compare them. In the skin swatch (top photo) Nars is on the left and Black Radiance is on the right. Nars is a bit more rosey with a golden sheen while Plum Sorbet is a hint more true plum. On my medium- NC43 (NC42 and 44 mixed, lol) skin, the two look very similar. that I can't tell them apart when wearing them blended like normal blush. Heavier swatches may reveal their differences, but I won't wear them that way. For all intents and purposes, they are dupes in my book. Try them on your skin and tell me what you think!
Finally turning the tables last year, Merritt has been a man of confidence this year. Running well enough to be the #5 performer in the world in the 200, and beating everyone in his path in the 400. Back in Texas, Wariner has competed sparingly, and mid season announced that he was going back to the coach that guided him to all of his gold medals - the same coach that he left early last year amid contract squabbles - Clyde Hart.
Google already offered traffic data but this is first time it has made the data available as part of directions. “The previous traffic feature that was removed from “Google Maps” last summer provided users with the worst-case traffic scenario based on historic traffic data — e.g. ‘up to 50 minutes in traffic,” said a Google spokesperson.
Sound Familiar? The comparison at linebacker is strikingly similar, with plenty of depth, talent and experience to go around. In August 2002 whispers were heard about a great JUCO transfer named Odell Thurman. Would you trade Rennie Curran for Tony Gilbert or Boss Bailey? I don’t think I would, but I might take both of them for Curran and Gamble. Neither unit has a clear advantage to me. August 2002 vs. August 2009 comparison: Push.
We are in the unusual situation of no new Brownies this term, we had 25 last term and one has gone to Guides, so we're back to 24 for one term. Then 5 leave at Easter so we will have lots of newbies then!
No one starts college with a 4.0, Darcy. But you can inherit money. You can contribute nothing to society and still be rich. You have to do your work to earn your GPA.
As bad as the building was, I felt like a little kid in a candy store standing next to the rig and being able to sit in it while they gave me a tour of the engine. As they did a round on the island, I was able to follow them in my truck to see some areas of concern on the island—I noticed there are no fire hydrants anywhere other than downtown.
“These are your gods, O Israel, who brought you up out of Egypt” (Exodus 32:4), announcing a festival “to the Lord” for the next day!
Using what looks like a huge length of steel, he stirs the pot constantly. Every now and then he uses a small pot to lift out a muddle of broken bones and cartilage, pouring it into a sieve and then banging the pot and sieve together so the precious stock is filtered back into the pot. The small bones are then removed.
produced them. When artisans of all other classes and
We find ourselves at a serious crossroads here in Texas Craft Beer. A number of brewers are trying to get going, and these entrepreneurs truly embody the spirit of free enterprise and pride in one's product. Right now these folks are hamstrung by laws that force them to only sell their beer via distributors. Whatever that profit margin is, it's NOTHING compared to the profit margin micros could get by selling just a fraction of their beer onsite.
Step 3: Complete directions up to the point of separating loafs into three bread pans, and leave to rise.
Pairing stevia with fruit/vegetable that have their own natural sugar equals the best results with baking. I have not had much luck using it in plain vanilla or chocolate cake/cookies and pies. You can cut half the sugar with stevia with decent results though.
I am proposing that you do away with just having a phone receptionist and have your BDC handle ALL incoming inquiries.
Thank you too... for your comments about Joni...
Here it is! The comp responsible for getting me into one of my favorite bands "Lanemeyer". And Also my first taste and 90's style pop punk. It also house one of my top 5 favorite songs (Easy Target - Stickin' Around).
Isaiah 59:1-2 (NIV)
Week 6-@ Philadelphia Eagles-1:00pm-October 14, 2012
- a generous sprinkle of cinnamon
Qasr el Wizz is also the only site of Medieval Nubia from where a complete codex has been discovered. It concerns an apocryphal text in Coptic, published in Hungarian and German by the Hungarian scholar Peter Hubai. A similar text in Old Nubian has been found at Serra East, from where come also another Old Nubian text on the cross identified with the homonymous pseudo-Chrysostomian homily, as well as a text on the cross by pseudo-Cyril of Jerusalem, also in Coptic. All these manuscripts are written on parchment and have been more or less published adequately. However, I am not aware of any image of a single leaf thereof that can be found on the Net…
To say it comes as a relief is quite the understatement of the year, as Sarah’s been going crazier and craziererer with boredom by the day.
You are probably already planning your first excursion into the extreme world of catfish noodling; preparing to bring in the granddaddy of all catfish without losing a single digit.
I darkened around the eye with C7, and darkened the wings with BV23 and C7. Again, I did not blend, instead I simply layered and feathered colors together . The top of the head is the only area where I blended the colors, as that is a very smooth area of feathers.
Rel tossed another branch on the fire, harder than was necessary, and the cascade of sparks gave him emphasis. "Like me, you mean?"
grant that all who are oppressed by pain, distress or other afflictions
This morning was a good one. We tend to take the good for granted, but I am determined to notice our successes, since the fulcrum on which good and bad mornings are balanced is a very sensitive one. You see, one of our great morning routine destroyers is the ritual of putting on socks and shoes. Geekygirl is very particular about her socks. She hates the seams to rub against her feet so wears her socks inside out. This would be fine, if several of her socks did not have those rubberized anti slip letters on the bottom. These cannot be worn inside out, and are not acceptable. Some socks without letters are still unacceptable. I have bought several batches of letter free socks, but have yet to figure out exactly how she decides which socks meet her exacting standards. So she has to try on at least three pairs of socks before selecting one. Now I do my best to keep up with laundry, but matching all the pairs of teeny socks in the house is beyond even my organizational skills, and being asked to find the pair to a single acceptable sock (seam free toes, from Nordstrom, I should have bought the store out of these) when there is a whole drawer full of socks that are to my eye perfectly OK, drives me batty.
Cranking up this Undead CD during my lengthy moment of social impoliteness was the perfect Metal prescription for me. Hell, if they didn’t want you to play CD’s loud in a car, then they should equip stereos to not exceed the “number 4″ on volume. So let it be Metal written, so let it be Metal told. Now, onward with this primo Death Metal album and I’m gonna tell you just how ecstatic I am about it.
+ Go on at least one proper holiday. I get restless when I've not been on holiday for a while, and right now my restlessness is getting out of control.
- Customs User Fee of up to $5.50 per traveling customer upon arrival to the U.S.
was to be taken down.
Are you looking for a public domain Christian book? If yes, then read on.
Fonkoze did not stand idly by in the hours after the temblor. When funds began to run dry, a daring airlift of $2 million in cash from Fonkoze’s bank in Miami to 10 locations throughout Haiti – accomplished with the support of the U.S. military and the Multilateral Investment Fund – succeeded in record time and without the loss of a single dollar. Fonkoze went on to pay out $95 million in remittances during 2010, earning a tiny commission on each transaction.
"Yes son?"
BLACK RANDY / ELITE METROSQUAD – Pass The Dust, I Think I’m Bowie (1979)
I’ve felt so proud of myself this whole time, smug really. I’ve never really gotten angry at my ex. Even after all the lies and the complete disrespect he showed for what we had and our pending nuptials, I didn’t get angry with him. There were moments here and there when I lashed out, maybe threw my engagement ring or memorabilia box at him, but there was never a time where I felt disgust or hate for him. I always felt sorry for him. Why? Well, because he lost me. (Duh – Obviously.) I always thought I was the bigger person, wishing him well, trying to forgive. I was unwilling to hold serious ill will for the man who I almost married, even though he had ripped my heart into a million little pieces.
In a progressive country change is constant; and the question is not whether you should resist change which is inevitable, but whether that change should be carried out in deference to the manners, the customs, the laws, and the traditions of a people, or whether it should be carried out in deference to abstract principles, and arbitrary and general doctrines. Gay marriage rides roughshod over manners, customs and traditions. To redefine it in accordance with the Rights of Man is to flirt with the abstract and cohere with the arbitrary: if marriage ceases to be a union of one man and one woman, why should it not adapt again and again, as the state wills and redefines?
I was also thinking about starting to publish, in this same blog, the records of the other two series of HORO, the HZ and the HDP, where Aldo Sinesio recorded, as rare documents that remained over time, musicians like these: Gil Evans, Don Pullen, George Adams, Dave Burrell, Stafford James, Steve Lacy, Roswell Rudd, Ran Blake, David Murray, Sam Rivers, Roy Haynes, Karl Berger, Martial Solal, M.E.V, etc.
Why shouldn't I tell them what to do?
Where that search wound up, they reasoned, could provide powerful evidence as to which school of thought was right.
People are much more likely to identify with a brand if it has engaging, rewarding and entertaining advertising based on some sort of product truth. It’s the quality of the underlying idea that has the power to make a real difference, not whether two or three smug fellas with a bit of stubble, spiky hair and gormless smiles are quaffing the beer in a self-satisfied manner.
Just for giggles and because I'm so proud of myself, here is another before & after pic side by side. :)
My wife was my gateway into the series, loving the books and eager to share it with me as I was eager to share Star Wars with her (discarding that whole Episode I fiasco, of course). Fearing a Twilight copycat, I reluctantly listened... and it didn't take long before I was bought in.
himself clever
Miss A has 2 matryoshka dolls, also known as Russian nesting dolls, for lunch. They are also on Ezekiel bread with fruit leather hair and faces. Underneath the dolls are sugar snap peas. At the bottom left she has watermelon and cantaloupe flowers. At the top left she has a cup of pineapples underneath blueberry stuffed raspberries. I saw some of my other blogger friends doing this, and I thought it was so cute and clever!
The book is taken from diaries written by Antonina, the wife of the zookeeper in Warsaw, Poland. The first two chapters of the book are used to create the setting of the zoo. I understand that the reader needs background information, but I felt that the depth with which the writer went into describing the animals and zoology was unnecessary and sluggish in a book subtitled "A War Story." I almost quit reading, thinking that the book was not as I supposed it to be about life in Nazi Poland, but I decided to read a little more. Once the story moved forward to life revolving around the war, it did become somewhat more interesting. Though much of the book just skimmed the surface, there is a section that explains Jan’s involvement with the ghetto which delved a bit deeper into the people and life at that time.
Where do you hurt and what do you do to feel better about it?!?!?
13. Jail to the Chief
Add a new resolution as follows:
The most egregious such bypass was by "Red Queen" Barbara Castle, during the Wilson government, who was famous for saying that it was "obscene to carve your way to a hospital bed with a checkbook". But when her son got sick, guess where she sent him? And she sent him under a false name!
Work; school; a trip to the shops;
I must have been making a fuss over the new toys because George jumped up to have a look-see.
Sung to the tune of my best Foghorn Leghorn: “Well sir, I’m the designated drivah for our crew this mornin’ because momma here jes cain’t leave the house without her Absolut Citrontinis, and my luvly galpal in the back has a mild addiction to Germ-X, and I’m talkin’ the girl oughta just git a straw, if ya’ know whutta mean (insert knowing wink). Now I ain’t sure what the boy’s deal is. Hell I ain’t even sure he’s mine, but I will say that in the times I’ve had to watch him while his momma’s passed out, he’s sneaked off for a moment only to come back with a bad case of the bong breath. That’s um, from what I’ve been told the bong breath smells like, you see what I’m sayin’? So you’re prolly jes smellin’ them there furiously strong Altoids he’s all the time poppin’. But hey, that’s neither here nor there cuz he can’t drive anyway, right? Heheh. Say, can I go ahead and take that ticket off your hands? We’re a little pressed for time as junior, and that’s just a nickname since he’s really named after a negro jazz musician, junior’s got a Swim Babies session at noon, although I don’t see him doin’ much more’n staring at the sparkly water and drooling. Boy’s got what I call a cattywampus of the grey mattah, see? I mean the lad couldn't pour piss out a boot if’n the instructions was written on the heel, ya hear me?”
(ed note: If someone can figure out what those last two sentences mean, please tell me; I am genuinely baffled.)
The ending is especially great, as Lang abandons most of the darkly comic class subtext from Renoir's La Chienne in favor of a bleak, ironic ending that seems like a deliberate subversion of the Hays Code's ideas about crime, punishment and morality. Lang hints at a traditional Hays-era moralist reversal at the last minute, having a newspaper reporter step in to deliver a preachy monologue about how nobody gets away with murder, not really. But this doesn't lead to justice being done or order being restored, but to something even darker and more tragic, a suggestion that getting away with murder may be the worst punishment of all. The haunting final shot shows Chris walking down a snowy Christmas-time street, the crowds around him fading away until he's all alone, isolated and abandoned, plodding hopelessly away into the night, haunted by the memories of what he's done and by the illusory happiness he'd once felt before it was so violently fractured.
While I was standing inside the glacier I took my glove off to run my hand over the ice, and started laughing, as I do when something delights me.
Pure pop for now people kinda in a Cheap Trick sorta way. Noted douchebag Steve Albini has deemed Century Club Grade A enuff to actually have produced the ep.
Myself
I'm really excited about my last project! I wanted to create a little reading nook for my daughter in her room. My older brother describes her perfectly when he says she's like a Disney Princess, and when you meet her you expect to see woodland creatures following her around doing her bidding. lol! She needs some type of canopy in her room! She has a 4 post bed, but it's not built for a canopy. SO. I found an old lampshade at the thrift store and thought it would make the perfect base for this canopy! Now, this is a NO SEW project! It's all hot glue my friends. You're welcome. ;)
These are some thoughts to ponder and pray on for guidance. This is the time of year for reflection and re-evaluation. No one knows exactly how long we have on this side of Glory to do such pondering. Let’s make the most of the time we have and ask … then truthfully answer … the hard questions about our goals and motivation.
St Mary's Church dates from the 12th century and has a series of beautiful stained glass windows by William Morris. Unfortunately there were several parties of schoolchildren swarming around and I just couldn't get any decent pictures - sorry.
As a writer, I could give a shit what the New York Times thinks of my latest, or if MWA gives me an Edgar award, or if I'm on a shelf in the Podunk Public Library. Those are all ego strokes.
Amy Chua’s Tiger Mother book is one of these latter type of stories. After a first life on the pages and blog of the Wall Street Journal and a second life in the proliferating discussions about her in blogs like this one, a third life is coming. This month’s Atlantic Monthly contains not one, but two essays reviewing her book and the conversations that have swirled around it. Regular commentators Sandra Tsing Loh and Caitlin Flanagan parse through Chua’s text and the initial knee-jerk reactions to it to pick out some of the less obvious dynamics at work in the conversations these have created. The results make for interesting reading.
Make a second knot just below the lampwork glass bead.
Have you ever noticed a regular bag and a supersize bag of chips seem to have the same amount of chips? I think these are sold on the old concept of, “Size does matter” but the amount of chips does not, what do you think?
This week we want to see projects created with your own backgrounds, embossing, or just plain cardstock… NO designer paper.
OPI Save Me I won this beauty in Dawn's giveaway on her blog Inanity and the Girl. This is my first OPI polish and my first ever "high end" one and hopefully won't be my last. It's amazing, sad I haven't had more chance to wear it. Of course my love for Nicki Minaj helps, oh hello Star Ships were meant to fly, Hands up and touch the sky!
I leaned over and tried to remember the last time I pooped. Memory failing, I hoped that I smelled like skittles and roses down there. Dr. OverExploratory than probed into the dark side of the moon, supposedly with a rubber gloved single finger. All I could think of was Chevy Chase in Fletch asking if the Doc was using the whole fist and then singing Mooooooooon River.
For my first card I inked up a piece of ivory linen card, using 'scattered straw' and 'shabby shutters' distress inks, and 'bamboo' memento ink, then flicked drops of water on it from a paintbrush. The motorbike and sentiment are Stampin' Up and were both stamped in 'bamboo' memento. The scalloped border was cut with an MFT die and I added some scraps of card, a button and twine from my stash.
Gravity reading of 1.050
Mortlock is fast-paced and original. When I finished it, I wished I was the one who wrote it, despite my tendency to discard stories after page one hundred. The imagination that went into creating the ghuls (if they are created) and the zombie circus is amazing. I've never come across anything like it, even in the books my kook friend lent me. (There were some pretty obscure things in there. Do not trust my friends to choose books for you. Your sanity will probably deteriorate after page twenty. Of course I was in no danger of that happening, because I was driven insane at an early age, but I'm just warning you.)
That I wasn't
The Dark Side of Camelot, Seymour Hersh.
Yeesh, how many laws can we have on one subject? We get it, no cell phones, no texting, no emailing, no watching kitty cats on You Tube…and yet, now U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood is calling for a federal law that would make any cell phone use illegal while driving. Here’s the link to the whole article on MSNBC. http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/47197722/ns/us_news/#.T5qkcKtSTxc
Blog Post 4
So I stumbled into a new world hoping to hide yet made a big reveal of my identity on, what else but the first day, and it stuck with me since. I did not complain. I knew better. They ran off without me at recess and then after school, though I called behind them and told them I too would have loved to join in their rope jumping or ball tossing. I watched their brand new skirts fly as they leaped, filling the playground with songs and colors. I walked away in my too big green army pants (my brother) Lou had worn down to the last shreds two years ago but mom had patched up nonetheless for me to wear just another year.
He ordered those doing the work to build the walls and to encircle Mount Zion with square stones for its fortification, and they did so.
In 1870, a sailor 'under the influence of liquor' was tied up and dragged onto a boat. A Fort Hamilton soldier in 1882 was kidnapped and placed aboard a ship off Staten Island. While his message, thrown overboard in a bottle, was received, officials were unable to rescue him as the boat sailed for its destination: Hamburg, Germany.
- Juice of a Lime
They used grits, which I would personally use instead of flaked maize as the character is quite different. However you’ll have to cook them up first to use them. Its not that much effort really. Just treat them as you would when you are cooking up polenta (www.lmgtfy.com). Then add them to your mash. Take into account the temperature they bring over being hot or cold. The second bit is the use of caramel. Use it as you wish.
We live in a pretty unique and small house. So small in fact that we do not have a dining room, which is really not a big deal for us but it does kind of limit you on how many guest you can have over for supper. You can only sit so many people at a 4 person bar table, right? So some time last year around January, I decided to build an outside dining/ entertainment area. Nothing fancy, just a simple little “shed” that we could use on nice nights to grill and have friends over. I was able to salvage all of the lumber and posts needed from trees that were felled during the great Gravity Wave of 2009. And I did all of the sawing with my new chainsaw mill which I have featured in an earlier blog.
The ThunderCats brand has had tremendous global success, boosted by the new TV series which launched in 2011. ThunderCats first aired in the UK on Cartoon Network and the first episode was watched by 157,000 viewers. Channel 5 started airing the show on 18th December, netting 197,000 viewers.
My heart was breaking for all the while
So things stood for at least half a century. Then, in the 1990′s, a scientist at MIT made a startling discovery: the hand has two more fingers. Determined to expand the horizons of banjo picking, Dr. Greg Liszt began to experiment with what became know as— have you been paying attention?— the “four-finger” style. It is thought that it took an MIT student to figure out that he had all those extra fingers on his right hand because [REDACTED] and the lack of livestock near campus. Dr. Liszt has predicted, reasonably enough, that a five-finger style is bound to be forthcoming, but development of a six or seven-fingered style clearly must await further lab work.
It seemed that someone detonated the underground levels under the D High School (probably with a nuclear bomb(s) that were part of a self-destruct for the underground levels), they detonated a large bomb to destroy the school & the area near it, and the secondary explosions were to make the entire area sink underground; probably to help cover up evidence of the zombie-like beings & alien-like beings until they could clean up & cover up all the evidence, and the underground nuclear explosion would also give them an excuse to seal the area for many years as they clean up & cover up the evidence.
Aroma: The first impression is of soft, rounded grapefruit citric notes. The second visit reveals an undercurrent of spruce. A final nosedive brings on the spruce brigade!
I doubletimed it, okay, to soak a doughnut
French headlines, earnings (a whole lot this week), a full bank of economic data points, IMF and EBB announcements are on deck… it spells uncertainty and volatility, as in up one day, down the next. We probably will start back with morning gap up gap down behavior since the headline de jour will be the driver.
It was a pleasure to re-visit this worthwhile organisation and to learn of their achievements during the last year.
The shoes I found have classic styling through and through, but are made from 100% fair-trade certified organic cotton canvas, all natural and sustainable rubber and colored with safe dyes. I made sure that a certain rolly-polly man in a red suit delivered a pair to our Christmas tree this last year and while I was at it, I snagged an adorable playsuit for Camden. The tongue-in-cheek message “STOP THE WAILING” made me laugh out loud for a much-needed holidrama break and I knew it’d keep me giggling well into the new year.
* During the summer I work for a motorcycle safety course as a range assistant and when I started the job, I had no previous knowledge of how to ride a motorcycle. As I did all the miscellaneous jobs on the range, I heard the same safety tips over and over and saw hundreds of students practice. I learned where the controls were on the bikes and the best techniques for going around a curve safely or stopping quickly in an emergency. I heard the information over and over and could recite it, but I had no idea what it was like to actually drive a motorcycle. Last summer one of the coaches offered to teach me. It wasn’t until I actually started riding myself that I could begin to really understand what it was all about. I knew the little details but I didn’t have the whole picture, without practice and first-hand experience I couldn’t put it all together and actually control the bike. Until I reached relational understanding, there was no way I could succeed at riding.
The 10 day advance for agenda item requests is troubling as well, owing to the superintendent's and the school system's usual lack of public communication. As we've seen repeatedly over the past few years, school initiatives are often kept hidden from public view until the last breakneck moments before a vote. This proposed public participation bylaw change is just the latest example of what has become an all too common practice.
Crowe
I'm such a freak, I'm bobbing my head to teeny pop atm, ahaha I gotta say Selena Gomez does have a erm you know a large head compared to her body LOL. Who cares, I don't!
14. Atargatis - Selina
If using crescent rolls: Unroll dough; separate crosswise into 2 sections. Pat dough and firmly press perforations to seal, forming 2 squares
“I see the bars of your prison when you cry.”
5) argued by a good, but unknown provincial prosecutor,
It’s so easy to find myself to blame
He finished his talk as follows:
Yet it’s a city of scar tissue. Berlin doesn’t shy away from its hideous history for a minute. Memorials to the Holocaust and the Cold War are everywhere. It has literally embedded the directive “Never Forget” into its sidewalks. Brass cobblestones dot the city streets, naming the individuals who were arrested, deported, and murdered by the Nazis there.
It seems likely that your body language and facial expression would have changed noticeably over the course of this internal dialogue, even if you didn’t do anything silly like leap to your feet applauding wildly the moment the fifth tap landed. And it seems that horses like Clever Hans can pick up on that kind of thing, and react accordingly.
Finally, no Cote de Texas feature would be complete without also mentioning Joni’s generosity and incredible kindness. She may not remember but she was one of the very first commentators on my blog. I had just started Red Door Home and that one comment from Joni absolutely made my day and encouraged me to keep going.
In a nation where Congress has already determined how much water your toilet tank can hold and whether you can purchase a 100-watt incandescent light bulb, the assertion of federal power is now so great and so unbounded that a case concerning the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Obamacare), brought by 26 states will decide whether, in fact, there are any rights or powers left to the states.
Issa and many others on Capitol Hill have threatened for months that they’ll hold Holder in contempt without actually doing it. This 48-page contempt citation is the first official step in moving forward with contempt proceedings.
I had a blood test yesterday, and my 14 DPO beta was 173, which was normal. Now tricare wants more blood today, but they don't do quantitative labs. Bummer.
There are several enemies in Candice Millard's 'Destiny of the Republic', the terrific narrative history of the assassination of President James Garfield during the summer of 1881. The most obvious foe is the delusional Charles Guiteau, who believed himself the nation's savior when he shot President Garfield twice at a Washington DC train station on July 2, 1881. Then there were the microbial infections transmitted during improperly sanitized operations performed by Garfield's doctor at the White House, causing blood poisoning that worsened the president's suffering and ultimately killed him.
Then, we packed up the little machine and it was never to be heard of again. About 6 months ago, my cousin asked if she could borrow it for a while. No problem! I handed over the box from the garage and she was on her sewing way. BUT, BIG PROBLEM. When she opened the box to get started, the instruction manual, pedal, and power cord were missing. WHAT?? We must not have packed it back in the box those looooong 5 years ago. Boooooo. Now what? Well, my cousin ordered the manual on-line, and I went to a local sewing shop and bought a replacement pedal and cord. Grrrrrr. Definitely cheaper than buying a whole new machine, but still. Grrrr. Ok, now let's get sewing. Wait. I.don't.know. how.to.sew!! See, when we made Noah's crib bedding, my mom did most of the actual sewing and I "helped." Grrrrrrr.
It's Friday, at last; is it just me or is anyone else out there shattered? I don't think the weather helps - we have so much rain and yet we still have a hosepipe ban in our area and there is talk of drought and standpipes in streets next Winter! I am almost through with the French orals at school and it has been exhausting - some of the students spend so much energy saying they can't do it ............ I tell them:
Isaiah 56:1-3a, 6-8; John 5:33-36
I’m not cute or built to suit a fashion model’s size
All told, I was out the door for $3.50. Can you beat that? Can you?
1 gabriel
Why am I going to college?
Now I've met a lot of folks that seem to have political or social issues with Wally World, but unless I'm driving almost an hour or so, the only major retailers around here are Walmart and a Lowe's Home Improvement store.
The part from A sorta fairytale music video by tori amos where adrian brody whispers i love you in her ear and she whispers i love you too in return.
The Mother Tongue: English and How It Got That Way
For several years I've tried to keep to a theme for how I wrap Christmas gifts. Most years have involved brown paper and a variety of different ties - ripped Christmas fabric, gardening jute (in green! Of course!) or plain-old kitchen twine with a fancy vintage tag added.
Cruises
So, I closed my eyes and picked.
Whoever is engaged to dance the role of Clara in MCB’s upcoming production of The Nutcracker this year, she will be performing with the ballet company at the Alex Theatre; 216 North Brand Boulevard; Glendale, CA 91203 on Saturday, December 6, 2008 at both 2:00 p.m. and 7:00 p.m., and again on Sunday, December 7, 2008 at both 2:00 p.m. and 7:00 p.m.
Just last night, I took my daughter to see the musical, MAME, at the Goodspeed Opera House in East Haddam, CT. We went because it was my mum’s favorite play, her birthday is this coming week, and it seemed a fitting way celebrate her. My mum loved Mame’s quote, “Life is a banquet and most poor suckers are starving!” She pulled it out for all kinds of occasions.
3. Turtle beans fresh bath, alum mordanted bath, vinegar afterdip
When I began looking into the question I got most from leaders, of what women want from them, a whole new road opened up. I started to hear, from followers and leaders, common attributes applied to their favorite dance partners. I also started to hear a description pop up again and again.
The good news is that there are many resources available to locate authors, both on the Internet and elsewhere. As the Authors Guild blog demonstrated, crowdsourcing works to some extent, but even a thoughtful Google search can produce a remarkable number of leads and, in some cases, an email address or phone number.
Aftertaste (0-3): This beer is all about aftertaste. The caramel and chocolate flavors blend on the back of my tongue, with a bit of hop bitterness finishing last. 3 points
Today, take Brodsky’s words to heart. Leave a copy of a poem in an unexpected place. Donate some poetry books to your local coffee shop or leave them in your doctor’s waiting room. (All those magazines are probably out-of-date anyway, and poetry doesn’t expire.) Post a poem beside the want ads on your supermarket message board. You could even release one of your poetry books into the wild through BookCrossing and watch it travel around the world. Maybe someday you’ll be pleasantly surprised when you find a poem that someone else has left in an unexpected place.
Happy Friday, lovelies! And welcome to the weekend! So happy that it's finally upon us. I have a fun weekend in store. Looking forward to spending lots of time dreaming up ideas for our living room and dining room.
On that vein, if you've seen Signing Time (and, if you've been to our house, you have because it is the current FAVORITE of both kids), you know how addictive the songs can be. There's one that we find ourselves singing regularly, since it relates to food/eating times. It says something along the lines of "When you eat in the morning, that's breakfast: food in the morning. When you eat in the mddle of the day, that's lunch: food at noon. When you eat in the evening, that's dinner: food at night. And when you finish eating, ask to be excused. May I be excused?" The song is signed and the signs for the words 'breakfast', 'lunch', and 'dinner', are the combos of "food" and the time of day (morning, noon, night), hence the song. But, let's face it, when the kid songs get into your head, sometimes it drives you nuts. We may have been doing our booze tasting from above and, as it was post-dinner, may have had this particular song in our head. Which led to our remake. I'd love to have videoed it for your amusement, but that's something the Internet doesnt need! "When you drink in the morning, that's a problem: booze in the morning. When you drink in the mddle of the day, that's sad: booze at noon. When you drink in the evening, that's happy hour: booze with friends. And when you get kicked out of the bar you say: May I be excused?" I know... Really original. And no, we didnt sign it (okay, we signed part of it... neither of us knew how to sign getting kicked out of the bar).
(from Ally's letter)
My angel on earth was sent from above,
For the past 4 months I have had a constant headache. Some days are better than others but regardless of the intensity, the headache is always there. While laying in bed on Christmas Eve I randomly ran my fingers through my hair and noticed something odd. There was a very definitive lump on the top of my head. I woke my husband and had him feel for it, he looks at me and says "what is that?" GREAT question...WHAT is that???
Most of the time it's just the normal "Are you transporting any fruits, vegetables, tobacco, liquor or other substances? Cash in excess of $10,000? Firearms? Have a good day."
External examination and moderation are being explored currently – many questions have been raised across departments.
Looks like a burger, right?! It was pretty good, but I'm a fan of portobellos in general. This was a grilled portobello topped with a mixture of fat free mozzarella, garlic powder, and oregano. I put it on an Arnold's Sandwich Thin and topped with a drizzle of balsamic vinegar, some fresh basil from my garden, and tomatoes. This was crazy low in points and so satisfying! I would suggest NOT eating it on a bun though, unless you're into the whole wet bread thing. I am not a fan of any kind of soggy bread and between the mushroom juices, the balsamic, and the tomatoes this meal was just too wet to come anywhere near a slice of bread!
Calxeda Demo of ARM-Based Server Ups Ante in Intel Competition – Calxeda is cranking up the burgeoning competition between Intel and ARM Holdings with a demonstration this week of an ARM-based server running a Linux operating system.
Alarmingly, this is anything but fiction or a plot for an upcoming international sitcom. It is a brief summary of the latest development in the fraught relations between the United States and Pakistan, two countries locked into an uneasy embrace since September 12, 2001.
SEAN: Funny you should say that. When I start writing a book, I often pick out songs specifically to get the right mood for the book. For Dawn of Angels, it was definitely influenced by Florence and the Machine. I must have listened to Cosmic Love and Shake It Out a thousand times while writing the book.
Violence features a lot in my fiction and some of it does get very brutal but as with the harsh language I try not to over use it. I don’t like violence for violence sake, obviously in say a war story there can be a lot of fighting but I try to save the more severe violence for when I have a breaking point for one of my characters or to advance the story. For me violence as a general part of fiction is key to what I write because almost all of the things that I have written have some sort of violence in. It’s just generally the type of fiction that I do.
Before proceeding any further, it may help to recount the genesis of this particular decision.
Susan Hunsinger works at The Carter Center and has donated two books. Both books will be signed by author and former U. S. President, Jimmy Carter.
You to speak to me and show me how I should live.
But feeling good was easy, Lord, when he sang the blues,
So this week I got my first chapter back from the tutors, all marked and complete with editing suggestions. To cut to the chase – I got a 2:1. I’m quite happy with that, not sure what I was expecting really. In a way it’s a bit of an odd experience to have a piece of creative writing marked so forensicly, but that’s the nature of a course like this – there has to be some kind of benchmarking.
Add the remaining 2 tbsp of butter to the skillet. It will sizzle, melt and brown very quickly. Add the lemon juice and stir until all the butter is melted. Pour over the fish (through a strainer if you prefer) and serve.
In the beginning of the film, we get the classical noir treatment–Edward “Teddy” Daniels, a US Marshal, and his new partner, Chuck, are both sent to Shutter Island to investigate the disappearance of “patient” Rachel Solando from Ashecliffe “Hospital” for the criminally insane (let’s be real here, though, it’s really a prison). At first, Teddy comes across as the rogue cop–he’s irritated by the doctors’ methods, he cannot take the patients seriously, and he gets angry when denied access to files. We soon find that Chuck is not always on the same page as Teddy, so Teddy becomes the lone investigator as he begins the search for Andrew Laeddis, who burned down the apartment building where Teddy once lived, and his wife Dolores died in the fire. Once Teddy loses his partner for good (Chuck “disappeared”), then he really turns into the lone investigator. As the “real” Rachel Solando tells him in the cave scene, “Marshal, you have no friends.” Teddy spends the rest of the film as the lone rogue investigator, breaking down doors and fighting with staff members and ultimately breaking into the forbidden lighthouse–and that’s where his character type changes. Dr. Cawley tells Teddy that he’s been a patient at Ashecliffe for two years, that he killed his wife (Teddy shot Dolores after discovering that she drowned their kids), and that he (Teddy) is Andrew Laeddis–Andrew Laeddis is just an anagram for Edward Daniels. Suddenly, everything else makes sense–the insane seasickness, the weird nightmares, Teddy’s migraines and tremors and hallucinations, the scripted answers Teddy received as he interviewed people–all of this was because Cawley was using his therapy method–listening to the patient and not correcting their incorrect thinking–on Teddy. Teddy’s trauma after fighting in World War II caused him to become a violent man afterward (and a violent patient at Ashecliffe). Teddy is a psychopath.
If the workers making it
Until next time, thank you for chosing Costello’s Ace…the friendly, helpful, local place!
I Got a Gun
Of course, the funding too did arrive for the project within that time, from an unexpected place, and I could not have continued without that, anyway. So Eff did do his job, as requested, and did it to a Tee.
About two weeks ago I attended my first ever card swap at my local scrapbook store, Scrapbook Buddies. It was a fun afternoon filled with Christmas treats and socializing. All we had to do was bring two handmade Christmas cards.
TUESDAY January 4th I weighed 285. Today I weigh 282.
St. Paul in a very beautiful way condensed the benefit and use both of Christ’s sufferings and his resurrection in one short passage, as in a nutshell, when he says to the Romans: “Who was delivered up for our trespasses, and was raised for our justification.” Rom 4, 25. But on this theme enough has been said for the present; whoever desires may with profit meditate on it. . . . (“The Fruit and Power of Christ’s Resurrection”)
Skinny Jeans- Thrifted Savers
After watching this episode, I have a new respect for the people who let MTV into their lives and who share their stories with everyone, but I also have a respect for the producers of the show, because they really do have good intentions and they definitely go through a lot to be able to get the honest truth and “show it how it is no matter what.” I would 100% recommend this episode to everyone who has doubted the legitimacy of the content of the show or whoever thought the content wasn’t TV worthy. Yes a few of the episodes are still a little dumb, but this episode put the rest into a much better perspective.
The other night I was scrambling to find some activities for the types of matter. And no I don't usually wait until the last minute to plan. I am actually very organized and on top of things, but it just slipped my mind that I was starting a new science unit, not next week but tomorrow! So while I was searching I found some great experiments. I wanted them all to be in one nice little document so I copied and pasted them all here for you! This mini-unit is 10 pages and has 4 experiments, prior knowledge activity, essential knowledge/concept, and an observation booklet.
I was surfing around Facebook one day and got to talking to a wonderful lady about Scentsy! I have loved Scentsy since I won a warmer on a blog a year ago. Scentsy is wickless candles, WARMED not BURNED! There is no fire danger and they are safe for pets and kids.
In a lifetime, we come across many books, many movies, many songs, that influence us, inspire us, and instruct us. The problem is that over a lifetime and with the finiteness of human memory we forget many of their names and what they meant to us. But there are lessons to be learned that are worth remembering, and stories too. In the same way that we bookmark a website that we really like for future reference, we should do the same for older mediums as well.
* 1 medium carrot, cut into matchsticks
This got me interested in the history of the pottery and so I went hunting.
Like i said in previous entry there's something I wanna share with you guys huh.
“A police head office delegation evaluated Capt Alexander’s unit and performance and decided to transfer him,” she said.
o Harassment, stalking, or hate crimes
So what is Jesus saying at his trial? What is it that ultimately gets him crucified? It is his claim to be Son of Psalm 2 and 110 who is at the right hand of God and is to be worshipped; it is to be the divine man of Daniel 7 who is to be worshipped. The Jewish leaders again understand exactly what he is saying and call it blasphemy. So Jesus actually does say, “I am God worship me”; he just uses the language of the prophets to say it.
This story is a perfect example of the closed-circuitry that exists in the conservative media: If it's on the Internet, it's true. (Fyurthr highlighted by the fact that TigerHawk relied on allahpundit to debunk the story!)
The black history luncheon kicks off with a jazz mimosa hour at 11 a.m. followed by the program, hosted by Comedian Roy Wood Jr. (Last Comic Standing, BET’s Comic View). The FAMU SoCal Alumni Chapter recognizes outstanding leaders in the African American community with the Bernard and Shirley Kinsey Award during the event. This year’s honorees are Laphonza Butler, president of the Service Employees International Union – United Long Term Care Worker’s Union (SEIU-ULTCW) and Noel Massie, president of the UPS Central California District. Additionally, the 2012 FAMU Distinguished Alumni Awards will be presented to Rob Hardy, Will Packer and Juresha Maples.
Ivy Matsepe-Casaburri - Minister, South Africa,
In his sermon, Griffin predicted that because of the post-war culture, which was leading to "easy divorce, birth control, books and films that sneer at the sanctity of marriage", the day would soon come when the whole institution of wedlock would be under threat. One wonders whether he ever imagined how bad things would eventually turn out to be?
As I pointed out earlier, there is no hard data on the carbohydrate levels in sour beers (that I could find), theses observations are based on the known functions of the the yeast strains discussed.
And she is beautiful. Stunningly so. People--including strangers--comment on her looks all the time and always have. I rarely tell her she's cute or beautiful, choosing instead to focus on how smart and kind and funny she is. As a goofy looking kid, I didn't have people commenting on my looks very often. You know, if you don't have something nice to say, don't say anything at all. But to The Geej, she's already started to believe that her looks are one of the most important things about her. And how, as her mother, do I instill in her that they're not without bruising her confidence?
I whipped out the tape and stuck it in the VCR. of course I had to rewind it because we hadn't even done that much after filming.
The names of all the victims have not been released. This investigation is ongoing.
VALENCIA COUNTY, N.M. –
Spencer’s like me, he can’t see a girl cry.
Well we got a fairly nice day so far today and before coming in to see my dad we stopped at the cape for a bit of adventure. No puffins or whales but we did get to see a silver fox! Quite a surprise coz she was super tame and we could walk almost right up to her. She never moved from her nap, only enough to just give us a look before she went back to sleep.
Negotiations went on for hours with the groom’s brother and friends, and the sisters even stole the groom’s brother’s shoes, but a sum of 9000 rupees (a little over a hundred dollars) was eventually settled on towards the end of the day. Seriously, kudos to the sisters. The oldest was in ninth grade and quite tough against these late twenty something guys.
Reading it now, I realize that every word is as true today as it was three years ago. So in honor of Mother’s Day and the very special relationships women have with each other everywhere, I wanted to post it.
For the pizza, we turned to our favorite pizza dough recipe, stretched it into a 12" round, and parcooked it in a hot cast iron pan. We mixed fresh mozzarella, parmesan, salt and pepper in a small bowl, sprinkled the parcooked crust with the cheese mixture, topped with sauteed broccoli rabe and split oil cured olives and placed it under the broiler for about 5 minutes.
In Non-IF related stuff:
We are at sea today, much fog so catching up on reading and napping:)
When I was a lot younger and a lot less worldy, I believed there was a correlation between stamina and sexual prowess. Longer always meant better and there was no better accolade than to stay up all night in the heat of passion or even to outlast your current concubine.
Flying Fish Brewing Co Cherry Hill, NJ Bourbon Barrel Abbey Dubbel Belgian Style Dubbel Buzz beer. "produced for the OBF from a New Jersey Belgian specialist, the malty, bourbon barrel aging could provide the perfect je ne sais quoi to their already exemplary, fruity, malty dubbel. " Overpowering bourbon flavor, yuck.
“One of Icelander’s favorite hobbies is gossiping. If they can’t find anything, they’ll make it up.”
No. Of course not. Rich people get to change their minds in-flight. The rest of us do not.
2. Read Robert Niles (@robertniles)’ “The Changing relationship between reporters and sources” on the Online Journalism Review (@OJR). You may link to Mark Cuban’s original post, or you may link to anything else logical online, to answer this question: How will YOU work on diversifying your source list as a reporter? (Will social media play a part?)
García Márquez’s magical realism was intended to protest literary forms that had lost their political efficacy. He was well aware of how Soviet socialist realism had been discredited in Stalin’s time, how all those supposedly “authentic” representations of a seemingly utopian society were in fact official lies concealing the deaths of twenty million dissidents. García Márquez distrusted literary realism’s ability to affect political change:
Three days after our glorious leader David Cameron lit the fuse paper, after saying there was no petrol problem but that every individual should pop along to their local garage and fill up their tanks, I’ve just been out for a walk up to Asda and was quite disappointed to find that the petrol station had run out of queuing, and run out of panic, and there was just some buying going on. I had wanted bare-knuckled fighting on the forecourt as fraught motorists fought over the last jam jar full of diesel whilst society crumbled around them. All I found was bitter disappointment.
Thank you, Paul. You’re my diamond geezer.
After they left the hospital, Tim told me that Joe was cleared after a few tests and was given pain meds before being discharged.
Steph and Levi are hanging in there. Yesterday, Levi's ANC count finally went from 0 to 44. Today it rose even higher to 96. This was awesome news. His other counts continue to rise, and he continues to regain strength. He is taking laps around his crib while holding on to the rail, and today took a couple of steps for Steph. I think Steph was finally able to convice the phyical therapists to quit coming by, as Levi does more when playing with her than he does when they try to mess with him. He did have one fever yesterday, which the doctor wasn't thrilled to see, but I think today he was keeping the temp down. I know the doctor wants to see the fevers go away before he lets Levi come home, so please be in prayer that they stay away.
IN the days when kings were kings, Louis XIV made his modest remark, "L'Etat c'est moi." He was nearly right. But times have changed. The steam engine, the multiple press, and the public school, that trio of the industrial revolution, have taken the power away from kings and given it to the people. The people actually gained power which the king lost For economic power tends to draw after it political power; and the history of the industrial revolution shows how that power passed from the king and the aristocracy to the bourgeoisie. Universal suffrage and universal schooling reinforced this tendency, and at last even the bourgeoisie stood in fear of the common people. For the masses promised to become king. To-day, however, a reaction has set in. The minority has discovered a powerful help in influencing majorities. It has been found possible so to mold the mind of the masses that they will throw their newly gained strength in the desired direction. In the present structure of society, this practice is inevitable. Whatever of social importance is done to-day, whether in politics, finance, manufacture, agriculture, charity, education, or other fields, must be done with the help of propaganda. Propaganda is the executive arm of the invisible government Universal literacy was supposed to educate the common man to control his environment. Once he could read and write he would have a mind fit to rule. So ran the democratic doctrine. But instead of a mind, universal literacy has given him rubber stamps, rubber stamps inked with advertising slogans, with editorials, with published scientific data, with the trivialities of the tabloids and the platitudes of history, but quite innocent of original thought. Each man's rubber stamps are the duplicates of millions of others, so that when those millions are exposed to the same stimuli, all receive identical imprints. It may seem an exaggeration to say that the American public gets most of its ideas in this wholesale fashion. The mechanism by which ideas are disseminated on a large scale is propaganda, in the broad sense of an organized effort to spread a particular belief or doctrine. I am aware that the word "propaganda" carries to many minds an unpleasant connotation. Yet whether, in any instance, propaganda is good or bad depends upon the merit of the cause urged, and the correctness of the information published. In itself, the word "propaganda" has certain technical meanings which, like most things in this world, are "neither good nor bad but custom makes them so." I find the word defined in Funk and Wagnalls' Dictionary in four ways:
shirt - spun sugar, victorian velvet
Reader, admit it. I know you're on the edge of your seat, waiting and hoping that I'll present the full scintillating text of Reverend Stone's lesson, and believe me, I have no intention of letting you down. Read on!
Please keep it short. Here is an example: I’m Wolf Blitzer and I’m thrilled to be here on the campus of the University of North Florida in Jacksonville.
Category: 60 German-Style Sour Ale - 23 Entries
Everything I know I’ve been given
Midnight or Midnight PM $1/1 - expires 5/31/2011
Little boys like him have a strange place in our society. Are they really original thinkers or does their mind run away with them and miss the lessons they need to learn to get along with others and be a part of our society. What as a society are we missing trying to change and contain minds like Jeremiah's?
All the actors have grown up but Emma Watson seems to have really come into her own the past few years. I love her style and am very jealous that she's the Burberry girl!
The US House of Representatives voted 388-to-3 in favor of H.R. 347 late Monday, a bill which is being dubbed the Federal Restricted Buildings and Grounds Improvement Act of 2011. In the bill, Congress officially makes it illegal to trespass on the grounds of the White House, which, on the surface, seems not just harmless and necessary, but somewhat shocking that such a rule isn’t already on the books. The wording in the bill, however, extends to allow the government to go after much more than tourists that transverse the wrought iron White House fence.
in under an hour..
5. To gain opportunities. All my critique partners have been found through blogging. The last two anthologies I successfully sent stories to were found through blogging also. I recently picked up the arc of A Spy Like Me by Laura Pauling because of blogging. I've just started reading it and it's great. I also won a copy of the Australian novel, Ellenvale Gold by Amanda Deed via Michelle Dennis Evans. Thank you so much. Plus there are many more opportunities that crop up through blogging.
Hash Browns and Pan Fried Fresh Fish
Erika Taylor
I didn't take a picture yet this week, but hopefully I will get to it later on. The way I look today is not something I want to document haha :)
“The first quarter of this year has proven to be yet another successful period for Abu Dhabi International Airport,” said Harib Al Hameli, the vice president of operations for the airport. “The double-digit growth in the number of passengers reflects the level of attraction the emirate holds as a soaring business and tourism destination in the region, and the dynamic developments of Etihad and other airline partners.”
Granted selected quotes are not a scientific sampling, but they have to serve as a metaphoric ice core for a history that extends to well before proper instrumental records were kept.
Last Saturday night myself, Wipz, Kidda Beats and UGX and the Notts Most Wanted Crew had a little road trip to Leicester, Wipz had a slot at a showcase for an event called Words Not Weapons a government led initiative to help discourage teenagers from knife and gun crime
(Mekhla is a lawyer in the Tax Team, specialising in Indirect Taxation, at Amarchand Mangaldas Suresh A. Shroff & Co.)
We don't play the lottery much, but today's jackpot is $500 million so we practically HAD to buy a ticket. That's an unfathomable number to me. I think of how much my life would change if I won $1 million (no mortgage!)...but $500 million? If I win the jackpot, I'll give everyone that comments on this post a million bucks. That's a pretty good giveaway, right? ;)
I agree, this melodramatic opening is possibly a tad lowbrow - but if you drank a glass of wee it would be over quickly. Flying to Ireland takes 22 hours.
Misc: bling, glitter, distress inks;
Madame Tussaud’s story actually began in 18th century Paris. While most people know her from her famous museum in London, it was in France, on the humble Boulevard du Temple, where Marie first got her start as an apprentice in her uncle’s wax museum, the Salon de Cire. At the time, the Boulevard du Temple was crowded with exhibits of every kind. For just a few sous a passerby might attend the opera, watch a puppet show, or visit Henri Charles’ mystifying exhibition The Invisible Girl. The Boulevard was a difficult place to distinguish yourself as an artist, but as Marie’s talent grew for both sculpting and public relations, the Salon de Cire became one of the most popular attractions around. Suddenly, no one could compete with Marie or her uncle for ingenious publicity stunts, and when the royal family supposedly visited their museum, this only solidified what most showmen in Paris already knew — the Salon was an exhibition to watch out for.
Perhaps a crowd action scene wouldn’t be that difficult. Short sentences and pithy identifiers might make it seem as if a lot is going on. But the most compelling conflicts are usually between a protagonist and a single antagonist (human or nonhuman). Ever notice how in movies, whenever one hero is pitted against a multitude of bad guys, the bad guys take numbers and stand around waiting to be called? I always thought it was silly, but the reality doesn’t make for much of a story. Five against one. Whap. The hero is down. The end.
Check out my haul:
So let's review: The previous owners decided it would be a great idea to put a machine that uses water in front of real wood panelling and fabric wallpaper... they were just begging for some mold up all up in their grill.
If you’ve never read Daniel 1 before, that could be a really good idea. If you have, then you’ll remember the verse which has kick-started this controversy. Let’s check it out, it’s verse 8:
* “Walk” – Video
Ah yes, the Turkey Burger. For those of us approaching our middle age, it can be a painful reminder that the “party is over”. Whether it’s watching your fats, your cholesterol, or whatever the hell your doctor says is now wrong with you, the Turkey Burger has become something akin to the meat equivalent of Methadone for aging hamburger fiends now having to moderate their intake of whatever they can’t eat anymore. And of course, most of the storebought turkey burgers out there sorely lack the flavor of their beefy counterparts, so its an insult to injury having to eat them in the first place.
Once again, he was dictating the nature of their relationship. Of course, I could have caught him at an off-moment, but given his reluctance to marry my friend, I concluded that I don’t like him very much. Their relationship made me wonder how often relationsips are lopsided like that. I also had to wonder how happy my friend really is; I guess after living together for so long she wasn’t surprised by his behavior that day.
What Mr. Lao did may not have been the smartest thing to do and he may not have given the answers we wanted to hear, but seriously, that's just about it. It's a good thing that he didn't get himself and anyone else hurt.
The art is from Cicely Mary Barker, who painted the most amazing fairies, in the 1920's or 30's. I have been a fan of her art ever since I found this image in wall decals, for our nursery a few years ago.
A - A Raving Night
This is actually a hard question to answer because it really depends on several factors. Plus, as the example above suggests, many situations when fishing for carp could cause confusion simply through some coincidence. If carp do ever stop feeding during rain, it could be for another reason other than the rain itself; maybe they have become full or finished off all your free bait just as the rain had started. Maybe the air pressure has changed lately. It could just have simply become the feeding “switch off” time for the carp in that particular water. All lakes have different patterns for when the carp prefer to feed, so any drop in carp catch rates could simply be because it’s the wrong time!
But to really cement the history and my loyalty is the recollection of all the nights my family spent outside on humid summer evenings or chill autumn nights listening to baseball games on the car radio. I don't know how the tradition started. Maybe that was during the period when we had no TV, maybe Dad went to the radio to catch all the games not shown on TV, or perhaps he simply preferred the experience of sitting and listening beneath the open sky. Sports broadcasters, good ones at least, can make the game a carnival for the ears with their phrasing.
Broccoli (I eat this sparingly because it gives me gas)
survival and his father knew very well that Americans
may soon come in reality.
Don't mess with old men, they didn't get old by being stupid.
Pelican IPA
Posted in the Comments but thought it should be elevated as a Post Script:
It is June 23rd and we are still in school. Still trying to move children along, still trying to keep them busy and engaged. Still trying to keep the fun in learning while still trying to teach them to negotiate, share, be empathetic, kind and caring and generally teaching them how to be good people! It is not an easy task when the school year has gone on longer than it should.
“Sandbags?” I whispered. “Then… Andy won’t want to murder us for waking up his ghost and digging up his treasure?”
Make the martini:
London itself was uneventful as I boarded the train, which can be a virtue in itself. Uneventful means non-disasterous. Uneventful means unstressed and free. The rub is when we try and apply these things to an exciting life, only to have the pressure we’ve been avoiding tap us on the shoulder like an old friend come home from a long journey. Oh well. Time to sleep, if I can manage it.
For now I wanted to share with you my Amazon store. I do not sell anything in the Amazon store but I have just put together some of my favorite things at good prices. I am an Amazon Prime customer. I love Amazon Prime, I get 2 day free shipping on most things, and sometimes it comes just the next morning. Or I can pay $3.99 shipping and be guaranteed the next day. I have gotten so many deals, you can find Cricut, and many, many crafts and scrapbooking supplies.
Once the cake was baked and cooled, I made a batch of pastry cream, using the recipe from my boston cream pie inspired cake. After letting the pastry cream cool in the fridge, I piped a thick layer on top of a layer of banana cake, and returned it to the fridge to let it set. When I though enough time had passed, I placed the second layer of banana cake on top, and placed it back in the fridge while I prepared the whipped cream frosting.
Oh, so yeah. Angelina Jolie and her partner Brad Pitt are gonna tie the knot! Well, I think I’m really very happy for them because they have established a good relationship. However, there are fears that the marriage would no longer be worth their love. In societies nowadays, unmarried couples have stronger relationships than those who are married. Well, y’know the rest of d’ story right?
Reid: I worked with Bush! Ask anyone! I’m a
Wedding dinner of my nephew Kean Low and Annie Tay (both childhood sweethearts) @ The Royal Ballroom@ Palace of The Golden Horses, Seri Kembangan.
Forest City Ratner also contracted with Knickerbocker SKD, a media consultant, to produce two promotional mailings, each going to more than 300,000 households in Brooklyn. They oversaw publication of a newspaper-style brochure, dubbed The Brooklyn Standard. More recently, Forest City retained the Terrie Williams Agency, a prominent black-owned public relations firm, to represent those groups that signed the community-benefits agreement.
Thank you Elizabeth for joining us and sharing your fabulous card darling we look forward to seeing more from you in our mid-way post next weekend.
remembering you and me
We both enjoy the same things like kicking the soccer ball, going on the paddleboat, and eating a lot of food. You make me very happy with your smile and your great dance moves. You have so much energy and personality and are a great little brother to Keller. I am very blessed to have you in my life.
We’ve already looked at two of the best-known green cars, the 2004-2009 Toyota Prius and the 2006-2011 Honda Civic Hybrid. Now it’s the turn of a car known for its fuel, rather than its drivetrain–the Volkswagen Jetta TDI.
We worked very hard from 1st February to 31st October every year with hardly any time off. Running a pub is very hard work and all pubs have their advantages and disadvantages. On 31st October 2008, another season was over. The Laa'l Ratty was having its usual Halloween trains and our children were off to help Grandpa in one of the stations. They loved to dress up as ghosts and witches and jump out to scare the passengers as the train slowly siddled through the station. Not Dave however, he had other things on his mind. He heard about this thing called blogger. While the children were out, and the guests had all gone, there was beer to drink up and some partying to do and Dave had to write his HardknottDave's Blog.
As I saw her for the first time in her beautiful white dress looking every bit the beautiful bride and grown woman, I got a little misty-eyed. And just for a moment it seemed to me that she was my little 2-year-old buppy (my pet name for ALL my babies) playing dress up in adult clothes.
Sorry, 'bout the grainy pics. My camera had no juice so I used my handy dandy celly.
Another helpful tip is that when you’re cutting a softer cheese like mozzarella, put it in the freezer for about five-ten minutes. It makes it so much easier to cut, but make sure you don’t forget about it! I always put it in the freezer when I start the cutlets on the stove, and then take it out when the chicken is browned.
No financial journalist could have made this film: we were all far too close to the people and events depicted in it, which turn out to have really needed an outsider’s perspective. This is surely the first and last piece of financial journalism that Ferguson will ever make and it’s much more effective for it.
Casseroles...chicken casseroles, corn casserole, green bean casserole, potato casserole
That might sound counter-intuitive given the City's obvious vertical emphasis of late. Its new skyscrapers, adjoining or replacing Seifert or Gollins Melvin Ward's more sombre '70s efforts, are the result of Ken Livingstone's failed Faustian Pact in the early '2000s – skyscrapers for Section 106 agreements, a manifestly misguided attempt by a GLA without tax-raising powers to finance new social housing, resulting in a few 'affordable' studio flats slotted behind waterside yuppiedromes. The architectural results here too are often fair as these things go – American corporate modernism made more interesting by being slotted at random into the medieval street plan, creating strongly memorable accidental vistas. SOM's Bishopsgate Tower is ruined by its height restrictions, squat where it should be sweeping, but KPF's Heron Tower is less compromised. The Gherkin still feels barely corporeal up close, like a piece of GGI. And in typically, the new domestically-named towers under construction will entail both Vinoly's whimsical 'Walkie-Talkie' and Rogers' more rigorous 'Cheesegrater'. Seen from, say, the viewing area of Tate Modern, the new City skyscrapers compare well with Canary Wharf's axial beaux-arts boredom. But it's hard to ponder their architectural qualities in the face of the fact that, despite the bailouts, despite capsizing capitalism, the City is merrily going on as if nothing had happened. If you want to know why OccupyLSX is necessary, consider the fact that the public purse funds the City's new generation of financial phalli, while they squeal against a Tobin tax.
so be it
On Wednesday night, as I wrote in my last post, I was visiting friends in Tzur Hadassah and spent the end of Yom ha-Zikaron with them.
Me: “Ok, sure.”
presumption against application of section 112, paragraph 6 was overcome. . . .
we are the same
She turned the good brown soil
I cannot move
However, creating magic systems is like social studies in general: my weak area. In one of my other novels-in-progress, my husband created the magic system, so I just have to fit the powers and abilities into his framework. (It's a joint project.) Magic is tangled with the social structure in this world, so it's particularly tricky. Studying a couple of the other well developed magic systems (D&D and Darksword) has given me some ideas for how to shape it, but neither quite works for how I want magic to function in my world setting.
The list could go on indefinitely, and each of us could add to it. But what’s the point? Remembering the past only changes the present if we receive God’s forgiveness and focus on what He has promised us for the future.
2. A company is a community, not a machine.
What I liked about the girl in this book was that she herself was conscious of how she differed from her vain peers, yet she stood firm. It is one thing for parents to set rules about modesty, but do young girls understand the reasons, or are they simply being obedient? They hear "you're too young" all the time, but how often do they say "I'm too young to wear that" or "that movie is inappropriate for me to watch"? They must be taught discernment.
Just stunning isn't it? Thanks again everyone and we hope to see you join the fun on this month's challenge.
Wed. 5/23, 8pm @ 3105 Guadalupe (next to Wheatsville)
$0.70 off Kellogg's Corn Flakes Simply Cinnamon
22. Where is your mom's favorite place to go? "traveling places, unschooling conferences"
Punches: Butterfly & Trellis (Martha Stewart)
With purple grapes, green figs, and mulberries,
Next up, I need to figure out the car situation. It's amazing how much easier it is to move forward with decisions once you have one sorted out. I struggled over preschool so much, but now that we have a decision, I feel like it's freed me up to move forward on more complicated decisions.
Enough to win. I live with
The hardest part? Writing the damn Artist Statement. Me. The one who started out with an interest in writing. Who discovered a passion for taking photos along the way. Struggled to write the damn statement.
Burning my eyes today…
So, What happened in your 2011?
Writing has always been a great passion of mine and seeing my books published in the last few years, has certainly made my dreams come true.
So, a great salad with added veggies and fruit to start your dinner ... cuts down on the need to prepare lots of other side dishes if you don't have the time for that. I hope you give this salad a taste and I'd love to hear from you when you do.
For devices with high pixel density screen such as Galaxy Nexus, Galaxy S II, Droid Razr and others, Google Maps will provide now higher resolution map, which means you will get less cluttered map while navigating. The new style is also said to help maps react more quickly to panning, zooming, and twisting. Google also added the ability to prioritize a transit mode and route option in Google Maps 6.5 for Android.
An AFP correspondent said police descended on the venue to beat back the protesters and were in control of the square, while dozens of people were rounded up and held inside a police truck.
Arriving to Milan, Malpensa Airport. My exchange pair Lisa with her welcome sign!
specifically for the unique parameters the ledge
Arts Coordinator for the school district, Julianne Neal, notes that this activity is supported in part by two grants: the Arts in Basic Curriculum and Distinguished Arts Program grants.Many other activities are included in this rite of spring including a high school theatre performance; students’ photo documentation of old time music and its relevance to local history at Blackstock Bluegrass Music Station ( a site for jam sessions every other Friday night!); storytelling including tales from the Appalachian Mountains with harmonicas thrown in; and a major exhibit of the Smiothsonian traveling exhibit called New Harmonies: Celebrating American Roots Music–happening in May.
* Endangers the value that society places on life, specifically for those who are most vulnerable, those who are frail, elderly, and at the end of life.
Realizing that these moments won't last long.
2. I really love treehouses and secretly want to build one of my very own.
The reason for this change in genetic influence based on socioeconomic context? Well, the researchers reasoned that high socioeconomic status environments are enriching, and provide people with the intellectual stimulation necessary to unlock their genetic potential. Low socioeconomic status environments, in contrast, are impoverished, and lack the necessary stimuli to unlock a person's genetic potential. Just like Lewin predicted, the situation shifts how much influence a person's genes have on behavior!
PREPARATION TIME
Development Corporation has submitted the Atlantic Yards project to your office
* Rocky Road sentiments: Computer generated
“I guess.”
regain my cool.
Below is an extract from my formal complaint letter:
We went into DC for the Rally to Restore Sanity. It was a mess. Such a mess that we decided to pass on the mayhem and wander down the street a ways to Good Stuff Eatery, which we had heard very good stuff about. The line was pretty much what we expected and we did wait for a while before we got our food (at least we could watch the rally on TV). We each got cheeseburgers, fries, and marshmallow shakes. We agreed that the burgers were good, but not anything extraordinary. I'd rather have Five Guys or Abbey.
Surely not from Maria Duval, whom the ad describes as “holder of the highest honorary awards” with “more than 10,000 TV appearances,” the predictor of “hundreds of major events all around the world” who “has never failed to telepathically locate missing persons” and who has the “ability to predict the future confirmed in experiments by the greatest scientific authorities.”
It’s a pity they just walked through the actual brewing areas. The vast scale of the bottling and storage operations were more impressive. Nonetheless there are a few snippets worth commenting on.
CONCLUSION: It’s still a fantastical voyage, even if the story isn’t quite as fleshed out as it should be. There are some parallels between this and Legend (Speaking of Legend, the director’s cut is finally available), what with being trapped by the lord of darkness while he tries to make you marry him (a common fantasy trope).
The Snowman is well known, so I just could not resist a slightly twisted take on it. Delighted that M CivLib was interested in taking this piece.
One of those workouts was a private class with our school's Joshu, a young (20s), very skilled martial artist and a friend. We just worked on form for punches and kicks (again, being careful not to do anything that would torque my ACL-less right knee). I had developed a way of throwing round kicks that involved a lot of leaning and turning in order to avoid punches. He worked with me to move my hips independently of my shoulders, which should speed up the kick, allow me to focus more on the target, and I think put me at less risk of torque injuries to my remaining good leg. It will take time to undo prior habits.
I'm afraid it's worse than we even know. Consider if you will that the majority of our nations industries are Public institutions where ownership is traded on the worldwide exchanges. We send over 700 Billion a year to countries that hate us so we can fuel what remains of our economy. They, in turn, buy majority stakes in US based businesses either directly or though surrogates to control the continued flow of funds as economies shift. If we shift to alternatives they are influential enough to direct the path. Even domestic wealth is not immune from deception Consider T.Boone Pickens and his current "Green Initiatives. He states he's an oil Man but advocates wind power in the plains where he is a majority landowner using Windmill Technology his companies manufacture. In addition most of his current oil industry holdings are Natural Gas which he advocated for transportation use.
‎”Make sure that your number one goal is to have a relationship with Jesus Christ. It will change your life. It will give it meaning. It will give it a purpose and it will give you a pathway.” –Tim Tebow
… Games”) announced today that it has entered into an agreement with Trion Worlds, Inc. (“Trion Worlds”), a leading US-based game publisher and developer, for the exclusive license to operate its highly-anticipated 3D MMORPG “RIFT” in mainland China.
Helix
I look back at the early years we’ve met and I must say, I never thought that we would go such a long way together. those days we’ve spent apart when he pursued his studies in Australia were truly years of immense missing (torture) of the other party, and sometimes included bouts of insanity.
The Bleeding House takes a tried an true genre piece and makes it interesting again. It doesn’t turn the genre on its head, but reminds us why we fell in love with the serial killer subgenre to begin with. It moves slowly, but the attention to detail by first-time director Philip Gelatt is admirable. The Bleeding House should please any horror fan with a couple extra ounces of patience.
It’s Nora’s ONE WEEK birthday today!! She is such a part of our family, such a treasured little being. She is celebrating right now by sleeping on my chest all curled up in a little ball. We love the rice crispie treats and brownies that were made in her honor today!
Being an artist, of course, means having to endure the barbs of envious guttersnipes. I didn’t get too much of it in my circus career, possibly because my detractors were too scared to make rude remarks about a performer who could hang them upside down by their ankles if he felt inclined.
Has God given you a vision that is yet unfulfilled? If that vision is born of God, He will raise it up in His own way. Do not try to raise the vision in your own strength. Like Moses, who tried to fulfill the vision of freeing the Hebrews by killing the Egyptian, it will only fail. But wait on your heavenly Father to fulfill the vision. Then you will know that it was His vision when He fulfills it in the way only He can do.
From Jacob Sheinfeld I inherited a fine house, fine furnishings, empty canary cages, and drooping shoulders.
I used some Bella Blvd. Sophisticates and Family Dynamix papers that I got in my take-home kit from the Layout Workshop at Right at Home Scrapbooking. They were the perfect colors for my theme. And of course... my Whimsy birdie had to be included!
PROPOSAL
Little Absent Island Collect all 5 oil barrels on Absent Island
and crowns you with love and compassion,
and see what shimmers
- Bereaved parents who fall apart. Of course, some do. Losing a child is one of the hardest things to live with. But in teen fiction it is now so common to find a bereaved parent slumped in hopeless depression, going into a mental hospital, abandoning her family (I'm sorry, but I struggle to believe in the mother in Annabel Pitcher's Carnegie-shortlisted My Sister Lives on the Mantelpiece who responds to one daughter being killed by terrorists by leaving the other two), or becoming consumed with xenophobic hatred, that I long to read about those who have managed to become stronger, more loving and more compassionate as a result of losing their child. A notable exception is John Green's The Fault in Our Stars. The conversation between Hazel and her parents about their plans for when she dies is an important, cathartic and deeply moving scene, and it rings far truer than almost any other portrayal I've read of parents in this situation.
Why did it take a song with lyrics that flooded my heart…
Finally, the sheer distribution of income is against it: half of American workers earn less than $26,363.55 a year, which is why their income tax liability is zeroed out. The more conservatives try to push the income tax to the center of politics, the more public attention will focus on incomes – and that plays directly into the hands of OWS.
At an outdoor press conference in 1990, President George Bush told reporters, "I do not like broccoli and I haven't liked it since I was a little kid and my mother made me eat it and I'm President of the United States and I'm not going to eat any more broccoli."
And you really begin to notice the extra weight after holding the Acer Iconia Tab A200 for a while, particularly if you’re holding it one hand. We’d find it pretty difficult to recommend this tablet as an ebook reader, for example.
This recipe is from the Cookbook"Food and Wine".
Leinenkugel's - Fireside Nut Brown
Perhaps you can’t see it from your “vantage” point or the people who are tall enough to ride this ride can see it perfectly with its correct spelling or let the man who is of average height throw the first stone, you midget!!!
It seems that all week the nursery were prepping our children for the wedding. The whole week was focused on princesses and weddings and reminding them to watch it. He thought we were actually going to go in to see it - in fact many of the children thought the same.
1 clove garlic, finely chopped
You had to stay in the NICU for 4-5 hours for observation because you were so tiny and born at only 35 weeks. Mommy and Daddy were taken to a room and we tried to get some rest. Grammy & Grandpa went home and Mamaw & Papaw went to our house to get some things for mommy and to take care of your big brother. I tried to get some sleep, but I sat up straight in bed at 1:30 and called the nurse's station. I asked about you all. I wanted to see how you were doing and get an update to see if you were still in the NICU or in the nursery. I was beyond thrilled to hear that you had been cleared to leave the NICU and you were making your way to our room!!! I woke up your daddy and we waited for you to come through the door. Once you did we held you, kissed you, fed you and loved on you until they made us give you back. You had to stay in the nursery that night for more observations but we could not have been happier to learn that you were out of the NICU and if all things went according to plan you would be going home at the same time we would. We knew that was an amazing blessing.
So this week for example I’m:
Sat the Rajah giving Sita a time card to clock.
I know, I am becoming a horrible blogger! I have been busy and here are some places where you can see what I have been up to!
I am a teacher with very little to do at the moment as I am on my holidays. Your blog is one of the things that keeps me going. When are you going to post again? I mean its Saturday and you last posted on Wednesday!!! Do you have any idea how long that is when you have a boring life?
The movie opens with a back story that is not in the novel but a welcome addition. It shows, in explosive detail, how Long John Silver lost his leg. It also puts a face to the old pirate Captain Flint, who is dead in the book but whose malign presence haunts all who knew him. As Flint, Donald Sutherland is scary every second he’s on screen, squinting maliciously through cheeks so puffy that it looks like a Restylane bomb went off under them.
8. Wake Up Dreaming
My teen heroes were all in adult books when I was a teen myself but now that I read and review a lot of Young Adult (YA) Fiction and write it too, I have developed a sophisticated taste in hot young men all over again,
Afterwards she moved into a nearby council flat on her own. This further change sparked Dawn’s desire to track down her biological parents. She says: ‘I’d often wondered what my birth mother was like, and at 16 I was old enough to find out.’
I also need to request a couple of the albums I posted here: Rabbit McKay's Bug Cloth and Joe Clark & Tony George's One Man Bands. My recordings for both of these were lost when my hard drive crashed and I'd like to repost them. I recently heard from Tony George's daughter and am hoping to get some further information on that obscure release. I know plenty of people downloaded both of these, so here's your chance to contribute to the blog by either leaving a repost link in the comments or emailing me one. Thanks, BTW, for the person who reposted Rosemary Haddad.
Religion that God our Father accepts as pure and faultless is this: to look after orphans and widows in their distress and to keep oneself from being polluted by the world. James 1:27
Look at the artistry—there are a million layers of pastry. Mon dieu. It’s a good thing this place isn’t open on the weekends. I think I would give up everything and just exist on bread and pastries for awhile.
Absolutely: less is more. In fact I was so fascinated by the historical details of my research, I put far too much of it into the first draft. I had to go through the whole thing with a red pen. More often than not I do believe it’s better to have a single description of the texture of a fabric against skin, say, than a detailed description of clothing. I think you need to know the details in the back of your mind – to be able to see it all – but that’s where the details should mostly stay. Otherwise they can drown the story. Your character, after all, isn’t constantly thinking about the way his house is built or the way his food was cooked, and I like writing from inside a character’s head. I leave out anything that my character wouldn’t know or notice.
I found it a fast and interesting read and really had my "therapist-in-training" mind buzzing. Oh, Holden, you and your confused mind were irresistible to me. I do hope you are doing better these days.
Thanks to you I’m not the broken-hearted
Black 2012 Review
1. Shooting Star
But wait, there's more! There will have to be a new foundation under this kitchen which gives us another basement room. I'm thinking playroom for the girls. We'll also be able to capture space above the addition for a larger master bedroom closet. Other less glamorous, but important changes include fixing leaks in the basement, putting in a new sewer and sanitation line(the original line failing is simply a disaster waiting to happen), adding a drain in the yard (due to the recent monsoons we currently have a lake back there) and upgrading the heating and cooling system in the house. All the basement work will involve gutting the whole area that's my studio and putting up drywall and new lighting.
21. Express
Fates - Player may have the DM reroll one result and take the worst of the two results.
Many of these activities would have been inspired from the internet and we unfortunately do not have source references for them all as they were made by others. Please comment below if you've made these before and would like to direct others to your blog/website for instructions! We’re happy to add a link to our image.
Francis Turretin:
Clothes Iron (or craft iron if you have one);
“My lady! Your body is an exquisite temptation which causes my sturdy loins to surge with manly desire. Yet I cannot succumb, for I am betrothed to a woman who at this very moment clasps my portrait to her tender, yearning bosom!”
And my dear preacher friends you probably could Amen me on this. But let me say that we are part of the problem. Every time we get down from the pulpit and get praises for our eloquent sermons and simply do nothing to stir the death that exist in our church we allow the disease to grow. Maybe it is time to tell some of the little ole church ladies that they are wicked. Call them out by name. Let us approach weak-minded men who have no spiritual “balls” to repent of their unwillingness to lead their families. Let us call the sin that really exist. And as we call out the sin to the dead let us check our own hearts. For many of us are dead. But now is the time to wake up. Now is the time to repent and allow the Lord Jesus Christ to move mightily in our lives.
2 nations
1. What was the last thing you put in your mouth? Some water, but if your talking food wise it would be some white chili soup...mmm
As I sat pondering these questions, I was reminded of story after story, we were meant to be in relationship with God, we were meant to be in deep fellowship with each other. So go on, what are you waiting for? Tell God what’s on your heart and truly ask your friend, “How are you?”
I had a friend in college, another writer, who could match me stride for stride on most of that, though she had a real predilection for the most ridiculous pumps. Starting in college, and continuing for about twenty-five years, she maintained an affair with a man we both knew. He was tremendously ambitious and in time, tremendously successful. Eventually, her husband -working in the same field- found out, and was understandably furious. In turn, he took up with a woman he’d just met at a fundraiser, and eventually left my friend and married the woman he’d turned to. What happened next ended our nearly 30 year friendship: this beautiful, intelligent woman chose to wear a scarlet letter– not the “A,” you might expect, but “V,” for Victim. It’s invisible of course, but it colours her every action and decision. I couldn’t believe she’d grown up to be such a hypocrite.
I guess by staying, I am letting myself be a victim. I am being a martyr. I am letting him continue to be emotionally abusive to me. Being nibbled to death by a duck. One senseless little zinger at a time.
“Gasland” is a copious catalogue of problems with hydraulic fracturing but at no time does it deal with radiation, radium or radon. Nevertheless, “Affirming Gasland” has some points relevant to the question of what reaches the surface. Says Energy-in-Depth the industry’s PR firm as it quibbles with Gasland:
In other environmental issues, police and people clash over roads and social amenities. Maybe if these people were all women of a certain age with a sister called Vidwatie Newton their special needs would be addressed.
-Organic Cotton
What are the more random pairings however. Recently ive become more and more fond of the whisky list at the Rutland arms(no picture sorry, if you want to know go there and find out). And with this ill usually have a relitively weak beer to drink as a palate cleanser. Now before you say ''that's nothing new!! I/my dad/my grandad does that too. However how many of them pay attention to the whisky or even beer for that matter.
Kitty's Back 19:20
2) Offer them $2 to draw two RPG-related pictures.
Ponder: Well, I left my dildo upstairs in my locker, so...
"Dan Dunn's Happy Hour" will be heard from 7 to 8 p.m. (Eastern Time) on SiriusXM Stars Too (channel 104) every Thursday, then rebroadcast on Friday at 10 p.m. and Saturday at 5.
I think I've been a little too proud that we only needed two implements to get the job done. I guess I'll chalk up our move from tiny paddle drawer to giant implement shelf to our one year anniversary and my stubborn head!
I love these glitters! Some of them are finer glitter - like Peridot and Tanzanite - while others are micro hex glitter - like Fashionista and Sneaking Out. They're all pretty, and this is the type of product that I want to own in all the shades!
By now, if this isn’t your first time reading this blog, you know that there are times when I reference past relationships when discussing relationshipal topics (yep, just made that word up). Heck, sometimes I may just devote an entire post to someone, like this or this or this… you get the point. But most of these people have had a pretty short shelf life (on the blog and in real life), except for two names that regularly come up on the blog and in real life. Jake and Cosby. Yeah, you know ‘em well lol.
It was as if all the clouds and breezes
Speaking of these things, I'm supposed to be having my room organized and decluttered in time for these events (and LIBRARY OF MEMORIES). Since they're quickly approaching, I thought I'd update you!
The best month.
2070.E-XII/1/1998. On sportsmanship and professional sports. Hickory Daily Record, Hickory, North Carolina, December 1, 1998, p. A-4; Chicago Tribune, December 3, 1998, sec. 1, p. 28. (Incorporated in Item C-1988(12), above, pp. 860-61.)
Then I opened the one from Cedar Fort, and the very first, tiny little spark of a writing future ignited in my heart when I read the letter. Lee Nelson, their acquisitions editor, said he'd taken the manuscript home to his eleven-year-old son, who proceeded to read it in one sitting and loved it. I spoke with Chad Daybell, their Managing Editor, on the phone, and he expressed interest as well. I was elated, ecstatic, bombasticallydiscombombulatedly slap-happy cheeky thrilled.
Among the sites that were hacked are the National News Agency, the Presidency and the Energy, Water, Justice and Foreign Ministries.
tip: roll chilled dough into walnut-sized balls, refrigerate or freeze to bake up fresh warm cookies anytime!
of everything worth having, that all good things come from You.
Hello all!!
She was stunning.
The rail company gave him supplies twice a week. The following morning, the supply was delivered by a new coolie. This guy was Indian, perhaps from Bihar it seemed to Shankar. He was giving Shankar a strange glance. But before Shankar could say anything, he left.
Now, I know. We really shouldn't have included her. Yet it seems only fair as she performed the song during the In Memorium segment. Celine Dingdong wore this Armani Privé dress. We don't like her one bit, and while the dress isn't too bad, we can't help but focus on Celine in the dress. The freakish face, combined with the poor fabric choice. This is not a match made in heaven, but it is better than when she arrived in a backwards tuxedo.
I said, "Not to minimize, at all, what you are going through, but: if your relationship was always easy, you wouldn't like it. Nobody would. The difficult part is what makes it interesting, and worthwhile."
Equally dangerous — in many respects far more dangerous — is the pernicious effect of so-called popular opinion. That which everybody is expected to think. And if they don’t think it — then at least what they are expected to say if they want to be regarded as part of the civilized, cultured and politically correct consensus.
About 19 million students attend U.S. higher education institutions. Institutions with a for-profit tax status educate 2 million of these students. Since the election of President Barack Obama in November 2008, media portrayals of for-profits have seen violent swings among neutral, positive, and even intensely negative views. Two sets of forces have been at work behind the scenes. First is the U.S. government, including the U.S. Senate, the U.S. Department of Education, and the U.S. Government Accountability Office. Second are the for-profit institutions themselves. This case study explores how these forces drove dramatic media coverage shifts in the first two years of the Obama administration.
MC: Rolls her eyes.
Welcome to my stop on the HOP everyone! I'm so very excited to show you a really fun card I made using these NEW Studio Calico Stamps! I've used 3 of the fabulous background Clings and one Clear set. I just LOVE them ALL!!!
A bit like Arsenal last season, the Carling Cup Final has been a milestone, after which an intensity has been totally lost from the team. OK, Arsenal lost last year, and Liverpool won, but, the manner in which Liverpool won was almost an embarrassment, and they were heavily criticised for it. Fortunately, continual progress in the FA Cup have kept the season alive, though, frankly, I think we all wish it would finish after Saturday.
Order to forcibly medicate killer is debated
(Yes, it's a silly title. I was feeling playful when I was planning the class. Also, I realized I could do it now or not do it at all as the joke would be passé by the time I taught the class and, ta da, I was right.)
Here are the offerings for this month...
Once the connection has been setup, media flows between the two endpoints. Media flow is controlled using protocols different from SIP e.g. SDP, RTP etc.
After a few deep breaths and a little Christmas music therapy, I started on the dough. I was scared. Nervous. And unarmed. Seems I forgot to put a dough blender on my registry. So instead, I was forced to use two knives to cut the butter and shortening into the flour. But I was getting nowhere. In the end, it took alternating between cutting with knives and smashing with a fork for much longer than I expected, but I finished victoriously.
Ink the Impressabilites with Pigment Ink (for this technique I did NOT spritz the CS with water first, since the ink gives the CS definition), and then send it through the Cuttlebug (ink side up, so that the ink is smooshed into the CS). This is called Letterpress technique.
When will we know for sure that transitional kindergarten will be offered?
