Shopping Center One:
They can check for the vehicles safety and reliability.
Tel: (66)0-2622-2312
The Darkness has awakened. And it is hungry.
Training athletes is nothing short of awesome and it my opinion, training anyone is fun. I learn quite a bit from each individual, experience above all things. Any athletes first day of training, which has been quite a few in the past week, is accompanied by an assessment. This is typically the FMS or joint range of motion, but whatever the case, they get assessed. So far, the week has been a learning one again. Note: when you have athletes training or warming up while new ones are getting assessed your mind has to be on “GO” otherwise it could get ugly real fast. It is multi-tasking at sonic boom speed. What are we really doing when we assess or when we demonstrate the warm-up/correctives? I’d say their weaknesses. We work to improve their strengths and bring up their weaknesses. The assessment helps with this and so does the warm-up. It is a great way to learn and create the program. What is one of the craziest things that I have seen with people in general and their weaknesses in training? They do everything to avoid them. Is this why you will see guys with guns of all show and yet never set foot in the vicinity of where you could do some lower body work? I did this. Or using way too much weight where it looks absolutely painful? I did this too. It is also why I am convinced that what we do is extraordinary. When you bring up your weaknesses a funny thing happens. The others ”things” improve. When we are not good at something we typically avoid it at all costs. If it hurts? Do you know why? Is there a proper warm-up, do you foam roll, eat healthy most of the time (unprocessed garbage), or get enough sleep for recovery? Typically, one or more of these is a weakness. Staying on the topic of training, know your weakness and do them often. It does not mean you do 10 sets every day. Maybe it’s 1 x 10 as a warm up of goblet squats or stiff-legged deadlifts. Most likely it is some type of joint mobility warm-ups for the ankles, hips, and t-spine. I prefer these for each warm-up
~St. Francis of Assisi
And let its body rot like meat
“I have dreams all the time.”
Our sponsor this week is Creative Craft World who will be supplying three Promarkers.
That night, my legs were sore and my back ached. I was sneezing and coughing. My ass itched and so did my pollen-saturated eyes. I took a delightfully tranquilizing allergy pill.
~Pascal in Pensees, translated in 1904 by W.F. Trotter and offered, abridged, in The European Philosophers from Descartes to Nietzsche (2002) by the Modern Library, NY: p. 121
She had caught me off guard.
What I actually hate is the shame. I’ve never admitted to anyone that I am bulimic and I never will. If my friends knew that I don’t spend my time studying, that I actually just hide in my room and binge and puke down the sink for hours on end every single day, they wouldn’t stick around. I call them friends, but really there’s only one – the others are just flatmates, because I’ve spent most of this year in my room puking. Friends, flatmates of casual acquaintances I happen to live with, they’d think I’m insane and they’d probably be right, but I can’t stand the thought of anyone knowing my dirty disgusting guilty little secret.
Nothing, asshole. But seriously, my pregnancy was perfect. No complications. No issues. No diabetes. No blood pressure...well, I had normal blood pressure. I went to all prenatal appointments. I didn't drink. I didn't do drugs. I didn't fall. I didn't get injured. I didn't do anything. Testing on me after he died showed nothing abnormal, I was healthy as a horse with no issues. He just died. And sadly, that happens. It happens alot more than you think. How much? Try one in EVERY 160 pregnancies. Seriously. Any death at 20 weeks or after is considered a stillbirth. Or as the medical professionals call it "fetal demise." And I had none of the "risk factors" of stillbirth. It can happen to anyone. How do I know? Because it happened to me & I never thought it would.
Brian: petite filet of steak, grilled asparagus in oil olive with spinach salad
Atticus O'Sullivan, last of the Druids, doesn't care much for witches. Still, he’s about to make nice with the local coven by signing a mutually beneficial nonaggression treaty when suddenly the witch population in modern-day Tempe, Arizona, quadruples overnight. And the new girls are not just bad, they're badasses with a dark history on the German side of World War II.
CINCINNATI, Mar 05, 2012 (BUSINESS WIRE) — Great American Insurance Group announces the availability of a new program that helps profit and non-profit organizations identify their volunteers and employees whose job-related driving habits pose a risk of becoming involved in a collision. Great American’s Specialty Human Services Division and SafetyFirst(TM) Systems have teamed up to provide a program that gives organizations timely, credible information about employees or volunteers who are taking aggressive risks or are distracted behind the wheel. This “early warning system” provides details about the incident and materials to help managers coach employees or volunteers on proper driving procedures. A monthly training program is included in the Program, covering topics such as road rage, drowsy driving, avoiding pedestrian collisions, and coping with poor visibility. Benefits to the policyholder include a positive public image and greater driver awareness due to feedback and coaching.
I learned alot about myself during this experience. I am stronger than I thought I was. I didn't do a whole lot of crying and there were a lot of times where I thought I should have been scared but I wasn't. Also, I am a little more feisty than I knew. The way I talked to the cop that arrested me, and the fact that I butted heads with several of the guards showed me that. But I also know when to cut it off. Can't let my mouth get me into extra trouble. I know better.
So whether you are child-less, expecting or already have some precious bundles of joy yourself check out my 'top 5' baby must haves...
So I bet your wondering what the heck a historic vignette is well for our purpose its a short film (3-5 minutes long) and each member of my class (there is only four of us) were assigned a historic place or district. Lucky me I was the only one that had no previous experience and got the district so instead of just having one thing to focus on I had two churches, a park, post office and federal courthouse! Yup and this was pretty much all we did the entire semester so this is our grade…no pressure right? Well not only that we have to present these in a working session of the city hall meeting so if you mess up public humiliation galore! Oh and he is taping this to put on our local government channel PikeTV! Yup I’m excited…..
We are filling up the pool right now as we speak...hopefully she can do some kicking in there. Oh, and our insurance was not wanting to pay the hospital bills. They didn't have a form stating what kind of accident it was. We got a bill for 12,000 just for the hospital!!! YIKES!! Hopfully we have it all figured out and the insurance will start paying a bit.
c) link to them
Green Ride 14 years and above 15 km
Inform emergency responders and 911 operators that your heat plan has been activated and that they should expect an increase in the number of calls from citizens about heat related issues. Take this opportunity to remind first responders to take care of themselves so that they can effectively take care of others too.
ancestral voices prophesying war!
For hours the Fairy Queen lay fighting for life.
I was like this is my life what am i doing!!!!
This week, Maxim magazine published a list of their five “hottest” female TV chefs, and lo and behold, Paula Deen beat out Giada and Padma. The four runners up are featured in mostly flattering photos with a little blurb about their contention with our Lady, Paula Deen. But scroll to the bottom. There is no photo of Paula Deen. There’s a photo of a stick of butter.
I keep my anger bottled up, and sometimes I explode.
Parents complained that they had tried to get DOE to remove an incompetent principal for four years, but DOE let her run the school into the ground -- and accumulate $180,000 in debt -- before finally getting rid of her in 2008. After one bad school report card, DOE decided to close the century-old school and replace it with a charter school and a new public school.
...from getting any worse (thats' the same golden glitter glue - on my hardwood floors).
than I would if I had a homeroom.
This is kinda fun. I’ll do a few more when time permits.
Last night all my dreams came true. I just didn't know they were my dreams. Dreams feel real and reality is a dream. What is it? A dream within a dream. I feel like I walked inside of a mystery. There is something mystical about Ojai. I can't wait to go back. Every time I am there something unexpected finds me.
Even with its flaws, California is probably the greatest state in the union, at least in terms of beauty. However, every state has its asshole, and California's is the biggest: L.A. How and why people continue to move and exist there is beyond me. The metro area is huge, overcrowded, and ugly. The people are pretentious to an absurd point. The traffic is probably the worst in the world. The real estate is so out-of-bounds that it makes the Bay Area and NYC look like bargains. Even the "beautiful people" have the help of silicone and surgeons.
All digital images must be original work. Participants retain ownership rights to their photos. By submitting your photograph you grant PAWS and unlimited, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, nonexclusive right and license to use, reproduce, publish, modify, perform and display the image on any of PAWS webpages or any replacement or successor to such web page, and in any marketing or advertising of any kind related thereto, in any medium now known or later developed. PAWS will not pay you any compensation for your photograph or any use we may make of it. By submitting your photograph you agree and represent to PAWS that you are the sole copyright owner of the photograph.
The tale of Venus girdles and Transformation Island was one of Marston’s last, published a year after his death. As the first widely popular comic book superheroine, Wonder Woman defined the character type. Soon the Phantom Lady and other scantily costumed heroines were getting themselves tied up too.
2. What’s the best thing about being a writer?
Sometime last year I got the chance to explore a derelict hospital within the local area. It was a small hospital which focused mainly on rehab for elderly patients but had some other outpatient departments too. It’s a beautiful place, whilst it houses your typical ‘hut’ type buildings that are quick to fall down and decay – in the middle of the grounds is the most amazing Victorian Mansion with a beautiful tower. There’s no online documentation of when it actually closed – but it wasn’t that long ago. Despite this however, it fell rapidly into a state of decay and was soon trashed by local youths.
Soft vision. By the fifth day, you see yourself, and others, with more gentleness. You realize everyone is searching for the same thing. You watch yourself heading back down the long driveway at Kripalu. You take a breath. You watch yourself wondering “What now?” You feel yourself at a crossroads. You remember the stop sign with GO written on it. You see very clearly how, in life, you always hold yourself back a little. And how it may be time to let go of the reins. Yes. Let go.
Colour! Brights! The slightly whacky intersection of Charlie Chaplin and circus clowns. Gail Sorronda's presentation on day 1 of MBFWA was all this and so much more. Utilising Sorronda's canon of staple shapes - the voluminous tops, the trapeze, tent-like dresses, the ruffle embelishments - this collection seemed lighter somehow. For Spring/Summer it will work well, all those colours play off the brightness of Australian heat, and the oversized, overblown shapes won't go astray when it starts to get warmer.
Like I mentioned earlier, this is the year of event participation for me, especially since I can't venture out too much nowadays - all I can think of our healthy and fun things to bake and eat and send out to all the special people out there who have helped me while I was under the weather.
True success is staying on God’s path by following His Word and giving Him praise instead of craving it for ourselves. —David McCasland
~Mindi
Also, I'm still looking for opinions on my blog name change. Chime in. Let me know what you want to see. Let me know what you think of the new (and hopefully improved) vision for my blog.
A Garden Full of Hens
What about you guys? What do you do when you switch from revision to drafting? Do you have any tricks to pass along?
I sure didn’t want to have to start him every morning.
Flores could communicate with the Mashco-Piro because he spoke two related dialects, said Cortijo, who added that Flores had previously provided clan members with machetes and cooking pots.
“Education is the answer” serves the colleges and universities who want the tuition payments. It serves the companies who make student loans. It helps the offshoring corporations disguise that they are the main cause of unemployment.
NOW AVAILABLE – SANCHIN VIDEO SERIES designed specifically for the NON-MARTIAL ARTIST who desires to learn & unlock the secret treasure of Sanchin. Here is a link to a FREE promotional video on You-Tube: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-pC-tPUrYE
fresh mint, chopped
There’s no one I can really talk to about it, no one that can understand what I’m going through, no one that can comprehend the pain I feel.
Panic set in. How can I do this? What mom leaves their children? They need me. I can't go. I physically cannot go.
We are not telling anyone what to write. But we do believe that whatever is written should be fair and objective. That requirement is not some partisan agenda. It is the principle by which the media itself operates. Presumably, when it is violated, the media itself would speak out against it.
“To those who would say legalisation would make prostitution safer: I think the same thing any former prostitute I’ve ever spoken to thinks, which is that you may as well legalise rape and battery to try to make them safer. You cannot legislate away the dehumanising, degrading trauma of prostitution, and if you try to, you are accepting a separate class of women should exist who have no access to the human rights everyone else takes for granted.”
Velcro Watch Bands – Why Velcro Watch Bands Are the Easiest, Cheapest, And Best
Anyway, this memoir is about Deborah, growing up in the Satmar district in Brooklyn, NY. Her father is mentally disabled and her mother left her father when Deborah was young, leaving the community completely and leaving Deborah to be raised by her grandparents. Her aunt doesn’t live with her, but makes the parental decisions for Deborah without providing any emotional support. Deborah doesn’t like her very much. Basically the family has quite a few issues as does Deborah. She is guilt ridden, is emotionally stunted and is very self-conscious. She also really wants to find a place to fit in.
The longest verse in the Bible is Esther 8:9 with 90 words. The shortest verse is John 11:35 with only 2 words, “Jesus wept.”
I ordered the selection of sandwiches and sweets with a pot of tea. They included (counterclockwise from bottom-right): Chicken Salad Sandwich; Mint Cucumber Sandwich; Pumpkin Bread Sandwich; Maple-Walnut Scone; Profiterole; Eclair topped with Mexican Wedding Cake; and Spinach Brownie. The extensive menu also offers countless other desserts, soups, salads, and entrees. Rebecca ordered the two-scone basket in the first photo, and Rachel got a grilled cheddar sandwich.
Thank you to all of our friends and family and dear blog followers for all of your kind words! Some of you are so emotionally attached and it warms our hearts to know that you support us and encourage our decision to extend our family in this unique way! We look forward to the day that Jacob has the chance to meet you! Some of you have become special just recently, and we welcome the new friendships!
It turned out that dad's boss hid him. Perhaps, in a way, the American felt like a father, protective of his son and his welfare. He too, wished that both of them will survive. After a long time, when the war was nearing its end, and it was safe enough to come outside, my dad had to say the inevitable. He told his boss, that he need to go back to Lubao. The American, was hesitant to let him leave. He told my dad that he may not find his family anymore, that they may have not survived. He even offered him to have a life in the US, adopt him as his son, so he can have a better life. He was so touched, not only by my dad's sense of professionlism but his love for his family as well.
On a different note, guess who is the first to read a book on my Nook?
Finally, the last dress is the Annette Bening dress. The one I really couldn't wrap my head around. A dress by Naeem Khan (remember, Marky Marks poor mans Molly Sims wore a dress by the same designer) that looks like something out of the movie Tron Legacy
1. This position is primarily to work on enhancements for the Client’s critical application.
"A syndrome initiated by a viral infection commonly described as a respiratory/gastro intestinal illness but a gradual or more dramatic onset following neurological, cardiac or endocrine disability is recognised.
We got some worms, two old fishing poles that belonged to John's Dad, and an inexpensive "family" fishing set of two poles, one short and one long and both completely nonfunctional, and set out for adventure one evening. Ally had hardly thrown her baited hook into the water when she got the first strike, a bluegill about 6" long. The "family" fishing rods didn't work at all and we had trouble operating one of John's Dad's rods, but that didn't stop us from catching a whole bunch of bluegill. I think Ally caught three by herself! We threw all of them back because they looked too small and later learned that bluegill only get about 6-8" big.
S:whoa! ten years? painting a football plate fro dad (he said this after emmy answered)
I had a lot of comments about looking like a superhero - all I needed was a red cape!
Marie has two children and lives with her son and four guitars in the town of Eastwood, Nottinghamshire, which is in England. She divides her time between writing novels and scripts, making things, teaching and being a mum. Her vice is fabric and she creates bags, corsets and clothes in the vintage and retro style.
In most cases, the first several dates between two people are thoughtfully planned out. They may not be extremely intricate, but they’re usually agreed to by both parties at least 2 to 3 days in advance and typically involve some sort of formalities. You might go to dinner or to a museum or even ride bumper cars, but it’s a specific event for a set time. But a good way to know you’re entering the dating stage is when you can just call the other person up and say – Hey, let’s go get some ice cream. – or – Hey, I’m going to the park today. You want to come? – and no one feels slighted because it just seems natural that you two want to spend time together.
Angela Roselli, surviving with nerve damage in her back.
We speculate that a good many of these pieces were made by grandma's own hands - - -
2 sessions
B4 A Secret Life 2:30
Fresh herbs and patience make this soup. The ingredient list is short so it’s worth investing in both.
It's extraordinary that no one in the media asks conservatives who demand that jobless benefits be offset by cuts elsewhere why they have no trouble voting for crazy boondoggles (Star Wars, for example, 19 years after the collapse of the USSR) and outright gifts to the super-wealthy (killing the estate tax, for example).
So, Jimmy is glad to be leaving us. We are glad he is leaving. It is a win-win situation for all involved… except maybe his grandmother, who may be getting more than she bargained for. Then again, maybe it is a win for her, too. She will get to handle a lot of her baggage about Jimmy’s mother’s death.
He showed me how to get up on the seat and how to pedal. He pushed the bike while I sat on it. It was almost like I was riding it by myself! I began to feel fairly confident that I was going to be the best bike-rider in the world.
So now it’s time to apply it to a more substantial dish. Summer is here and summer vegetables are abounding at every market and begging to be eaten. Eggplant, bell peppers, broccoli, summer squash and tomatoes are all incredibly good for you, require little preparation (if any at all, I usually just stand at the counter and eat the entire carton of baby tomatoes) and make a great one dish meal, especially with the addition of a little protein. And here is where the magical peanut butter comes in. When dealing with kids, and even many adults (who are we kidding here), a dish composed entirely of vegetables is not often the most appealing dinner meal. Eureka moment alert: pour a peanut butter based dressing over said vegetables and suddenly it’s a rush for seconds at the dinner table. Another great quality about this dish is that you can easily swap out ingredients for whatever you prefer. I love it with blanched asparagus when the season is right.
As for my experiences in the nation of Germany, what can I say? In business terms it was another partial success, to paraphrase Viz comic. I got some work, but not enough to escape the shackles of wage slavery and working for the man. There is a recession on don’t ya know? Age of Austerity and all that. Ought to be grateful I’ve got a job. Whatever. On the positive side, when I wasn’t attempting to prostitute myself I got pissed up on some pretty decent stuff in some nice places with some nice people. You can’t argue with that. The Weiss remained my favourite, the Eisbock made me want to heave. I could start being poncy and mention the aroma of banana with the aforementioned bananarary aftertaste but frankly I barely managed to neck the bottle of 12% sugary muck. I necked it, I’d paid for it, and it was booze, but I cannot say I liked it nor wanted to practice till I liked it. A Maß of Helles was by and far the easiest way of getting skulled. The Dunkel was too much like Newcy Brown. About 90% of what I necked was either Helles or Weiss, and had I known better the other 10% would have been too. When I found myself necking a halb for brekkie I realised that I could live off grog here. It was good enough to live off and relatively hangover free. I say relatively, you have to neck a real skinful.
Here are a few words from Sarah's heart---
Being a parent, you never expect that YOUR child could be suffering from something like this, but it is definitely possible...Pay attention, see if your child needs help...you don't want them to be the kid at school that never pays attention, gets bad grades, or is always in trouble...help them.
Unfortunately, I will never be able to meet Pramod again. The doctors’ warning came true. After nearly 32 years of having a ‘good’ life, my friend decided it was time to take off!!
It's a miracle I haven't been in the hospital with any major heart related illness... he keeps me on my toes daily, that is for sure! He is lucky he is so stinkin' adorable, he definitely has his mama's heart!
My novel will be done. It will likely be confusing, erratic, boring, imagery-poor, grammatically pathetic… It will likely be of interest to only me. But it will be done.
“Art Galleries refer to me as a photographer, but photographers refer to me as an Artist!” J.N.C
Next, melt the chocolate chips and the peanut butter. I got so excited about how good it was going to taste that I forgot to take a picture---but you know what peanut butter and chocolate chips look like. :) It only took 1 min. in our microwave.
Now onto our challenge for this fortnight and the theme is
Internet security is a branch of computer security specifically related to the Internet. Its objective is to establish rules and measures to use against attacks over the Internet. The Internet represents an insecure channel for exchanging information leading to a high risk of intrusion or fraud.
Barrel Aged Wild Commercial Suicide Dark Mild (Gravity Kegs & Draught)
Sessions usually last from 30 minutes to up to 2 hours. Sometimes it takes a little while for children to warm up to a strange person with a camera (although as a mother, I promise that I'm NOT scary or intimidating!), and so I like to plan for some time to get aquainted.
All images are from the Official Cricut Blog. Make sure you go check it out! The Shirt box on TBBM2 is so cute! And I'm told (thanks Scrapalette) that the Cracker actually pops!
With one finger he lifts her gaze, locking his lips to her’s, forceful and wanting. Knowing it’s time, they let go. She pulls down on her jacket, runs her fingers through her hair, and wipes the black smudges from her face. Woefully she walks to the door. She pauses for just a moment with her hand on the doorknob. She knows she has to go. If she hesitates any longer, she will stay. She must make it to the colony before it closes.
NNO March 2 at 8:58am
Watching forever...
The long answer is here.
“To further ridicule this policy, I have to mention that the ruling African National Congress' party 's Dept. of Education has also adopted the policy of “inclusive learning” years ago.
Noah’s Ark holds a number of events throughout the year and our Easter celebration will take place on Saturday, April 7. Your family can take part in an Easter Egg Trail with prizes and Easter eggs on offer, an Easter Craft session and a fun egg and spoon race.
I apologize to my readers if this information seems at all repetitive or you were hoping for a blog on another topic. I have been receiving so many e-mails and calls for information and complaints from Aboriginal people all over the country saying that they don't know what is happening and their local organization or community has not provided any information.
In short, Fred Fest kicked my ass. I never made it to the Lupe Fiasco concert on campus and then again I never intended to. Fred Fest is whatever you make of it. I decided to celebrate by getting obliterated. I spent time with good friends and nice beverages and I couldn’t be happier. That weekend will go down in history.
For verily I say unto you, That whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass; he shall have whatsoever he saith.
4) On Sunday, January 29, 2012 from 4pm-7pm, China Blossom, located in North Andover, and the Andover Chinese Cultural Exchange (ACCE) will celebrate the Chinese New Year with a festival sponsored by Yang’s Martial Arts. The Chinese New Year is a time to bring family together for feasting and celebration, and China Blossom will highlight this with authentic cuisine as well as various Asian traditions.
Both the stock market and the publishing industry react to new information. Neither system cares about old news. When doing your research, ensure that you're minimizing assumptions about what information hasn't yet been incorporated into the market. Chances are, you're not as ahead of the game as you might at first think. If you are ahead, however, you've got to be prepared to run with it.
I teach an Art For Healing workshop that has allowed me to create many process that I share with my students. One of my favorite is to start painting in almost total darkness. This allows us to use paints and tools that maybe we would not choose were we able to see them. Being right handed, I use my left hand to find the edges of the watercolor paper,as not to waste too much time and paint painting the table.
I did not grow up with lots of caring and comfort from my parents, especially when I was sick. Having a sick kid was considered a major inconvenience to them and I/we were constantly reminded of such when we were ill. No one "babied" me/us or took the extra time to make sure I/we were as comfortable as possible. It was pretty much "you can stay home from school but you're on your own". To be fair, I'm sure (or I hope) part of that was due to important things like "someone has to go to work to make the money or we won't eat"....but, I digress.
I did see a nice posting on the Survivalist Board telling people about my reviews. It is nice to see people finding my reviews useful. Based on a few e-mails comments, the authors occasionally get a little annoyed with me. But most of the time I try and avoid getting too personal about it. I am fully aware that there are books out there that people just love, that I am half-hearted about at best. When I say that I didn't like a book, I am not trying to say (most of the time) that no one should like the book. That is the primary reason that I have the "Reality" and "Readability" criteria. To try and signal the books style without getting into many subjective preferences. Granted, I have found Readability to have a bit of an Achilles heel in that a low score (challenging reading) winds up applying to great, but challenging, literature (Joyce) and also books that are just a plain mess. I haven't figured out a way to correct that without adding too many complications.
As for that astronaut who made such an impression on a young girl sitting in her fifth grade classroom? Corley recently connected with him last summer when he returned as an alumna to the Naval Postgraduate School campus where she is currently a student. It seems even when it comes to outer space, it’s a small world.
But now, we’re ready!!
And although life goes on an no actual lives are lost, I feel grieved at the loss.
I let her do what she wanted. Which was obviously the slightly scary, but somehow thrilling act of touching a dead cat.
Our message to our country men and women is that they must be strong hearted and determined to take back our country. If our people realize what N3 trillion can do in the life of a nation, it would not be difficult to understand why we must kill corruption lest it kill us all as it is systematically doing already. We have nothing to lose but our chains as we embark on this patriotic and just resistance against the destroyers of our nation. All we must be ready to do is to assert our collective dignity and let our “leaders” know that we are better than their animals.
In a small bowl, whisk together the sugar and cinnamon. Turn the cinnamon sugar out onto a dinner plate, or another pie plate.
Parmigiano Reggiano
A recreational variation of front crawl involves only one arm moving at any one time, while the other arm rests and is stretched out at the front. This style is called a “catch up” stroke and requires more strength for swimming. This is because the hand is beginning the pull from a stationary position rather than a dynamic one. This style is slower than the regular front crawl and is rarely used competitively: however, it is often used for training purposes by swimmers, as it increases the body’s awareness of being streamlined in the water. Total Immersion is a similar technique.
My go to wood source for projects around the house is the cheap craft wood aisle at Lowe's, the lower grade, with slight warps and knot holes, works fine for my projects. It's cheap, even though sometimes you have to sort through the stack to find the best pieces, but again, cheap, and that's just how we have to roll around here. As many times as I have made trips to Lowe's for wood over the years, I've never ventured into the "man lumber" section. Well, wouldn't ya know, on a trip with hubby there the other today for deck lumber, I discovered 2 x 8's that were not treated, thick and in my price range! Duh. I thought that section only contained green, treated lumber. Well, that has opened up all kinds of possibilities. And these were going to be perfect for a new tabletop. I bought 5 of them (each 8 feet long) to make a 6 foot long x 3 foot deep table top. They were 4.75 each......total cost was 31.00 bucks.
Not until you’re alone in the woods, after dark – and a twig snaps…
At Versailles yesterday, our friend Phillippe took this photo of us at the park of Versailles. We were standing next to the beautiful lake where we watched the various crew teams practicing. Please note the beautifully manicured rows of trees behind us. Left to right are my husband, myself, my daughter, my son, my son's girlfriend and my son-in-law.
When I banked into the cave opening, he jumped up carefully, but quickly. His thoughts rushed through my mind as he spoke. “Cyrthia, you’re back! What did you bring me, sister? Something different for once, I hope!” I sighed and shook my massive head. “Oh, brother. You should be thankful you’re even being fed.” His eyes shone as he waited for me to present him his breakfast. “I’m so hungry, sister! Please, I am ever so thankful! Just hand it over!”
Here are a few things to consider in developing a “marketing experience” for your business:
The AG first noted that one reading of the Directive is that ‘sui generis’ protection is regarded as a second-level protection, which can only apply to a database that does not possess the necessary originality to be protected by the copyright. If that were the case the fact that, in its judgments of November 2004, the ECJ ruled out the possibility of ‘sui generis’ protection (the ‘lesser’ protection) for football fixtures would mean that protection under the copyright (the ‘greater’ protection) was therefore automatically excluded. However, the AG said that careful examination of the Directive shows that such an interpretation is not correct and that the two types of protection must be regarded as mutually independent in all respects, a fact which all the parties who submitted observations in Football Dataco, including the Commission, appeared to accept.
Master then gets my large toy...the one I always say is too big. He starts to tease me with it, touching my clit, pulling back, slowly and gently going in and out, til I can't stand it...and finally get a needed permission. I end with several body tremors which Master always seems to delight in. AS I am catching by breath, Master says He hopes that gets me back quickly...He knows how to entice a gal!
Not too bad eh?:D
In 2010, as the new “deadline” approached, the Japanese government removed the Statute of Limitations on charges of “Murder” completely.
in fact, the bite was the worst part.
I wake up in a sweat and make a mental note. "Must have life outside of kids." I tell S. "Our lives revolve around the kids." I must visit the Saraiki Belt now. If your aunt is dying in Karachi, you can not help her from Boston no matter how many laps you swim. I felt most at peace after I spent the whole night at the hospital, fell asleep on a folding chair by her bedside, and woke up with my head in the lap of a Baluch woman who was running her fingers through my hair maternally. I pulled away, embarrassed. (I have yelled slogans on Frat Row, and she thinks I am a child.) The woman on the bed across who shrieked in pain all day was grinning madly. My aunt sat in her wheelchair, picking at her hair. She was tiny and a mess. The priest did his rounds, and she sat up like a little girl in a confessional. God bless you my child, he said. Padre. She talked to him like someone who has faith in miracles. Later, we transferred her to Liaqaut. I was bouncing along in the back of an Edhi ambulance holding her dry feet trying to fill the treacherous air with optimism while her pale face peered at me through the coffin like sheets so clean. We are at this signal, I inform her; although, she never asked.
The trail ends at the Atlantic & Yadkin Greenway. Hikers can return by the Nat Greene Trail for some good lake views and a total mileage of 7.1 miles. Mountain bikers making the return trip on the Wild Turkey Trail can enjoy some steep downhill stretches as they travel the trail in the west-to-east direction.
Instead of our tradition of having
What do you think? Have you ever had an experience with sleep apnea?
...is a reflection of me.
Take a look at the person next to you – your co-worker. Are they your friend? Your enemy? Your lover? (naughty!) Whatever relationship you have, the fact that you work together effectively reveals your ability to ‘teamwork’. Being able to ignore their screechy laugh and humour them when they show you the umpteenth picture of their cat means you will be able to work toward a team goal without irritating each other. Well done you tolerant lot.
May favourite title though has to be a
95:4 The manifest is the body. The Rishis seek thy unmanifest self within the body, in their own hearts. Kshetra is buddhi or intelligence. The Supreme Being is called Kshetrajna because he knows every mind. Intelligence or mind is one of his forms.
maybe even my dream rectangle dining table.
3. The police will be plunged into constant cyclical change when what we need for law & order is consistency.
722110 Full-service restaurants
Two merino tops
I’d like to turn it into cash
This is fantastic, particularly for the E-author who is usually excluded from hard-copy reviews and the bigger book review sites by literary snobbery. All you have to do is research the sites that like the kind of book you write and lob it off into cyber-space, hoping that your enquiry email will win the heart of whoever is choosing the books. The next step in the promotional process is to marshal a support network of friends, fans and relatives to ‘like’ and even possibly review your book on as many sites as possible, then Tweet/Facebook the results and watch the readers start buying.
The plastic ono man was then cut down
Obviously high income earners would not qualify for the grant. “BIG” would simply be implemented to stabilize the quality of living as an intern solution within our current system until a Final Solution is Established.
Ashley Tisdale and Lucas Grabeel were spotted getting lunch together today, January 15 in Vancouver, Canada!
I don't know why I was so stupid as to post that I'd do "at lest weekly" blogs at the beginning of the year. I have failed miserably at that announcement. I won't do that again.
A few seasons ago a crowd favorite, Chris Daughtry, was stuck with fourth place. So disappointing. That actually may have been the last time I watched Idol. Taylor Hicks went on to win it… and then he faded into the background. Meanwhile, Daughtry has had continued music success. As we learned tonight, Hicks will be playing in Vegas this summer – I’ll let you determine if that’s “success” because I think it’s pretty clear what my opinion is on that.
-Huntsman polls at only 2% even though he served as Governor in the state next door and even though the state has a decent sized Mormon population. This guy isn't getting any traction anywhere.
Then there was the smoke that went up through the ventilation shaft. We knew that the breathers might see this and possibly find them. So from the moment that smoke went out, we’re in a deep state of anticipation as we hope against all hope that they’re not going to show up. That's storytelling. You manipulate the plot in such a way where the reader *has* to read on because they *have* to find out what happens next.
Put 2 table spoons of vegetable oil in a hot non-stick wok. Stir fry egg and bean curd strips. Put in the cabbage. Add in the soya sauce. Put the bihun in the wok and fry until it is cooked. Add tomato sauce, chilli sauce and salt to taste. Add a litte water and bring to a boil. The tomato bihun is ready. Garnish with fried shallots before serving.
(Cercas nods.)
One of the things I missed most was chocolate and I was so glad to have some, since I got nauseous when I ate it.
INVITATORY AND PSALTER
Check out this dual autograph below. It comes from Panini’s 2011 Americana brand. This rare dual autograph, which is numbered to just 8 copies, recently sold on eBay for $99 dollars. I find that price somewhat surprising. For starters, while both Coreys have signed a lot of stickers over the years, this is the first time they have been placed on the same card.
One of the best examples of the vile extreme left-wing anti-Semitism came in 2006, when the best-selling Norwegian author Jostein Gaarder wrote an opinion piece called “God’s chosen people’ in the Norwegian newspaper Aftenposten. In this op-ed he stated that the world community could no longer recognize the state of Israel’s right to exist. This was Mr Gaarder’s response to Israel’s justified invasion of Lebanon the same year.
Aahh...talk about food, this time Mak isah will be cooking my own 'Curry Chicken' served with white rice. Also will be making my own ' Umai Ikan' . Other food will be very light, some local kuih like 'Kuih Kosoi' and 'Curry Puffs' which Mak isah asked some friends to make. But Mak isah will be making my own 'Tapai' :) Imagine eating 'Tapai' at an engagement ceremony time? *eyes rolling up*
For the passed couple of nights I have been dreaming of fighting with someone, as in a physical *bam* fight. I don't think I've ever hit anyone in my life before...
Welcome Caller, This is Chloe by Shelley Coriell tells the story of Chloe Camden, a girl who's queen of her own universe and has a big heart. Chloe's highs suddenly become her lows when her best friend shreds her reputation at school. Finding herself without her friends, Chloe also learns that her school counselor has decided that her previously completed junior independent study project fails to meet their requirements. With no where else to go, Chloe joins her schools struggling radio station. Working for the radio station, Chloe meets a group of students who bring her back to earth. Among struggling with her new project and the loss of her friends, her grandmother takes a turn for the worse.
In Afghanistan, the Government make promises of publishing works of Kateb each year on his anniversary, but so far nothing has been done. Nobody knows about the promises of reconstruction of mausoleum of Faiz Kateb, establishment of a palace, building or an organization on his name by the Government and publishing and translation of his work in other languages.
Every person has a story. No matter how old or young, no matter how insignificant or significant they think it is it’s a story nonetheless. The problem with many large establishments (including the church) is that they will pump out propaganda to conform the masses and almost completely overlook the individual. I have been guilty of overlooking people’s stories and even overlooking my own. I want to change that.
I’m thinking of starting a mail-order veggie business. Anyone want in? (I’m kidding. I think.)
Toast………. and Jam
Amanda Wood and Helen Boyle from Templar were fuelling up in Garfunkels like me and my travelling companion, self-described "Fair virgin" Lucy Coats. I even bumped into my own editor, Emma Matthewson (Bloomsbury) before getting on the plane.
I love great hand made items and always scouring the Internet for perfect and unique gifts for either myself or a loved one, and had recently came across Cinnamon Moose Crafts.
Skin: Jazmin Skin – PurpleNJ – Envyme (kawaii fair)
Inside the case is a three-sided digipack with 2 discs on each side. The front cover uses the original key visual and continues into episode and bonus feature listings on the discs. Underneath the discs are images of Saki, Nodoka, and Yuuki wearing swimsuits. I had no inclination of taking a picture for that.
Carter Roberts – Huffington Post, 12/21/20
Yep, guys and gals...
I realized I am a terrible teacher
WASHINGTON, DC – The White House Visitors Office requires that an unborn child—still residing in utero—must be counted as a full human being when its parents register for a White House tour, according to documents obtained by the Washington Free Beacon.
The Kids Are Alright (read my review below) – Out on DVD
So I say, rather bluntly and sharply, “Pardon me, I’m just here to get a spork.”
If I must eat something from a shop I will check the label (if possible). Many brands of plain chips or pretzels, for example, are relatively low in sugar; a good option if you’re going to see a movie perhaps?
My childhood dreams were to own horses and travel the world. To work by choice and not necessity.
Women showing the highest methylation levels affecting the ATM gene were twice as likely to develop breast cancer compared with those with the lowest levels. In some cases the changes were evident up to 11 years before a breast tumour was diagnosed.
After the castle, lunch and a siesta were in order. Guidebook in hand, we sought out a little hole-in-the-wall restaurant that the book recommended and proceeded a series of words, gestures, laughter, and pointing to get our food sorted. We chose to go with the little three course meal that the restaurant offered. It was lovely from soup to dessert.
In a heavy saucepan, whisk together the egg yolks, sugar, lemon juice, cream, and butter and cook over moderately low heat, whisking constantly, 5 to 7 minutes, or until mixture just reaches a boil. Strain the curd into a bowl and stir in the zest. Cover the surface of the curd with plastic wrap and chill at least 4 hours and up to 2 days.
Boba Organic Baby Carrier
One of those running back that particular night was a priest. I always watched for people coming into my range so that I could buff as soon as everyone was there (I actually remembered to buff when I was a healer…). I saw the priest light up on my Grid. Then I saw him gallop past me.
Combine water, vinegar, pickling salt and dill seeds, bring to a boil. Reduce heat and keep hot until ready to ladle into jars. Place 2 crushed cloves of garlic and 2 chili peppers into each jar. Pack jars with raw okra, ladle hot liquid over okra to within 1/2 inch of top of jar. Seal jars and boil for 15 minutes in boiling water canner.
4) [NOT YET POSSIBLE] It would be nice to find a way to find out everytime somebody hotlinks an image without actually linking to one of your sites. Google does not seem to support searching for these. Best substitute is to include a link to your blog in every caption of every photo you post. Most people who repost photos will repost your caption, and the link to your blog (in the caption) will show up in your reader due to step #1. The true main reason I pick up the splogs that use my images because they also copy my image captions, which always include a link back to my blog. The technique would only otherwise work when the sploggers actually linked to my blog (which they sometimes do [!!!], but not always). There is currently know known [to me] method for RSS alerts on new hotlinked images. So fun situations like this one wont come up as often until we figure out how to find out about them. (Yes, I know I could analyze my logfiles, but I’m looking for a computer-independent, centralized, good-for-life measure.)
I ran out of base coat recently too, and I got Essie Grow Stronger Fortifying Treatment Base Coat. It claims to strengthen nails in 5 days. It might be the combination of continuous vitamin supplement and a strengthening base coat, but my nails are not peeling further. I’m waiting for the broken parts to grow out, but I think after months and months I’ll finally have decent nails again.
I live in a town where the local school’s squad has high expectations for the season to come, as preseason prognosticators have it contending for league and national honors. Anticipation is mixed with some anxiety. There is a lot riding on the upcoming campaign.
But who will believe a peasant like him? For a poor man like Maitre Hauchecome (of the story) reputation and honor was more important. Perhaps, more important than sparkling stones and metals.
She said the girl had told him three times during the sexual assault that she didn't want to go ahead with it but he continued.
Tom (Jason Segel) has been with Violet (Emily Blunt) for a year when he proposes. He’s a chef and she’s an academic psychologist. What I thought was his brother, Alex (Chris Pratt) is a bit a dufus and so is Violets (actual) sister, Suzie (Alison Brie). They’re all in the Bay Area and Violet’s dream job is at Berkley. That doesn’t happen, but she does get a post-doc position at U Michigan under Prof. Winton Childs (Rhys Ifans). Well, they’re in a good place and it’ll only take two years, so they go to Michigan. Ann Arbor, apparently, is not a good place for chefs for some reason. He goes a little feral. Well, two years turns into more than that and the relationship starts going down hill. What will happen next?
There are also details of how Gandolfini handed out $33,000 to all the regular cast members when he got a raise. Steve Schirripa, far right, was overwhelmed and said it was ‘like buying everybody and SUV’
I have a dream to one day build the Edmund Rice Secondary School in Deleco!
It is stated that these evil short measure pots were used for eight matches before alert staff noticed the difference. That would be the same staff that don’t know the difference between Bourbon & Cola and Bundy & Coke? The same staff who can’t seem to get all the beer you have paid for across the bar to you in one receptacle?
I stepped into the elevator around 8:10am on a Tuesday. Inside was one lonely rider to travel to the “P2” parking garage with. He was an Indian man with a head full of thick jet black hair, a bright gold chain around his neck with a medallion I couldn't see, tucked beneath the collar of his button up. But those weren't the first things I noticed about him. The first thing I noticed was his extremely slight stature. He couldn't have been more than 5-foot-three-inches and with the heels I’d chosen to wear that day, I towered over him.
What these young people really “need” to purchase is a moral compass, half a brain and a lick of self-restraint. It’s a shame they don’t sell those particular items at Abercrombie and Fitch or every young person on the planet would be clamoring to get their hands on some. And let me tell you – there’s certainly a god damned need.
Levenger generally describes their various papers quite similarly in these regards, and while they all feel great and are indeed sturdy — I love how thick their papers are — they have proven to be incredibly inconsistent in performance and even appearance.
When it penetrated the brain of Gumby on the third floor balcony exactly what was happening to the new car he had so painstakingly washed and polished only 10 minutes or so earlier, that there were kids down there rubbing his car, he wanted to know why. But first, to make certain, he inquired politely, “Hey you damn kids, what are you doing?
What on earth am I thinking??
Concentration has been defined as "the ability to direct one's thinking in whatever direction one would intend". I think that’s a little simplistic. I can direct my thinking towards Dave’s poem well enough. It’s getting the poem to register that I’m having a problem with; we’re talking degrees of attention.
Did I mention I’m in the library? Yeah. In here not being productive like a mofo.
Have a safe and Happy Easter break.
Hears our weeping any more?
And as the plant energy causes a change in consciousness, mind feels this absolute terror.
I liked the owner's philosophical attitude. As far as he was concerned, as long as Bob got the job done, that was all that mattered. It was such a contrast to the modern workplace, where HR departments rigorously do everything they can to observe employment law and equal opportunities legislation, but often end up with an environment that doesn't accommodate people's eccentricities.
To merely define it with a four letter word
housebroken: Yes
Remove from water, allow to cool, and remove from pan. Chill and cut into 10 to 12 servings.
Before making the card I went to their challenge blog to see ideas and also see what challenges were on.. well, I was able to make my card to enter both challenges, monthly and fortnigjtly!! YAY!!
2) Pinch a bit of the dough and make into a small ball. (rub palms with flour to avoid the dough sticking to palm)
edit: this would be a great stash buster quilt-definitely use what you have-I know I am. :) The one thing that I will be doing, (but you don't have to) is use the same background fabric for each block. You can make this as scrappy as you want. The accent fabric will use little pieces. For instance, I had a fat eighth of the red, and I still had some scraps leftover. This of course will vary with each block. Any further questions I will answer in the comments. (yay, I'm excited that you are joining in!)
Paper: Poppy Parade, Very Vanilla, Everyday Enchantment DP, Mocha Morning DP
Newcastle change: More misery for Ba as he’s withdrawn and replaced by Shola Ameobi.
I’m never going to be in Cinerator again; it was much too hot for me.
"You know, she's still our little girl. She's just like any other kid. She's going to take her first steps, say her first words and learn to ride a bike."
CD
I tried using them to hang scarves....but that didn't work.....
The paint was only $1.79 each. I got gloss enamel paint that is safe for glass. Once I let it dry for 24 hours I was able to bake it in the oven on 300* for 20 minutes (put the glass in when the oven is cool, not preheated).
'I Hate..." on top in biro, but he must have liked them
But here is the thing. Last year I used to dump brown sugar all over my cereal (I would have a pound of the stuff in a week) until a very scary doctor's physical made me start to rethink my eating habits. From that moment on I haven't touched brown sugar. I probably never will again.
This system is one of Drive Shaft Shop’s most popular drag systems but is also completely street able for those of you who think a 600HP street car is normal. This system has our exclusive racing outer CV made with a proprietary material able to handle HP upwards of 1000HP. This system is made mostly of a material called 300M that in short, is about the strongest material to be used in axle technology today. This system comes with both axles hubs that have the standard offset so all the standard brakes, bearings, and wheels will fit properly. This system is recommended for all applications up to about 1000HP gas powered.
I know that I’m not going mad, and that this is just a phase, stage or whatever, but I really do think sometimes that somebody else is placing words in me head?
As we prepare to select a tenth temporary titular leader for the local one-stop oligarch's enfluffment shop (April 27-May 3), let's look first at this account of a recent posturing seminar staged by One Southern Indiana:
I don't have a picture of my weekend, but I do have some great Easter images to share. Will that do?
“We care because international travel is a key growth area for U.S. airlines,” Mr. Lott said. “You may have a great flight from Europe, but when you arrive at a U.S. airport and end up standing in line for an hour and a half, it leaves a bad taste in your mouth for the whole travel experience.”
The theory of those who are of the opinion that the President may determine “whether the emergency which on December 16, 1941, prompted the approval of Commonwealth Act No. 671 delegating extraordinary powers to the President, still existed at the time the Chief Executive exercised those powers,” is predicated upon the erroneous assumption that said Commonwealth Act No. 671 contemplated any other emergency not expressly mentioned in said Commonwealth Act. This assumption or premise is obviously wrong. Section 1 of said Act No. 671 expressly states that “the existence of the war between the United States and other countries of Europe and Asia which involves the Philippines makes it necessary to invest the President with extraordinary power in order to meet the resulting emergency.” That is the war emergency. Ant it is evident, and therefore no evidence is requires to prove, that the existence of the war which involved the Philippines had already ceased before the promulgation of the executive orders in question, or at least, if the last war has not yet technically terminated in so far as the United States is concerned, it did no longer involve the Republic of the Philippines since the inauguration of our Republic or independence from the sovereignty of the United States.
As you can see from the above example the royalty you receive is 22.8% of the retail price of the paperback book and 12.77% of the hardback book. However, the retail prices (especially the paperback book) are quite a bit higher than you would find for the average book."
We met TONS of Americans on our trip to Peru. Tons. And they were all there for 2 weeks tops, just like us. Here’s the thing. We also met lots of Argentinians, Aussies, and French people, all of whom were traveling through South America for months on end.
Unfortunately you can’t use this approach as an adult (though it would make meeting women much more interesting), so making friends is a lot more difficult when you're older. It always helps if you have something in common, which is most definitely what I did have with the new addition to our team (a really funny bloke with the dryest sense of humour going), that thing in common being playing childish practical jokes on one of the long suffering girls who we work with (who, I hasten to add, has taken it all in very good spirit and has only threatened to mutilate our genitals only once).
Last year, I embraced truth and it took me to some new places, literally and within myself. This year, I am going to be open, to take opportunities that present themselves, to learn something new, to try things I have been hesitant about in the past. I want to move past my initial negative reaction that seems to be my default setting for so many things and try to understand what I might be missing.
My sweet husband stayed home with our other babies and made them some mahi while trying to prepare our house for new furniture. This is what happens when your dining room ends up as the catch-all room.
I went to the Etude House event at Mall Taman Anggrek last week. They were re-launching their boutique, it was crowded but all the girls looked excited. Too bad I forgot to bring my camera, I can’t show you how pretty the interior was. All I can say, everything is very girly, white and pink, with a beautiful shiny crystal chandelier hanging in the middle of the
The reason for the mad dash is that in most, but not all cases, the samples come in nice logo glassware and the main activity engaged in by most attendees is a frantic progression from table to table, to accumulate as many free glasses as possible, as quickly as possible. In many cases they don't even drink the whiskey, they throw it out.
The odds of Casey taking a lethal snooze are about equal to the odds she’ll celebrate with milk and cookies if exonerated.
Hi everyone: Thank you so very much for your messages of love and support. Many of you are emailing, calling, coming by, and maintaining your lovely connections. Thanks for the touching comments on this blog. You are easing my pain for sure and I am so grateful for your kind acts.
Pro: Free! Sometimes even paid! Sadly, I have no experience with the latter. The only time someone offered to pay me to ride a horse, I ended up doing a flip over the horse's head, banging my own head on a round pen, and landing in poop. Which brings us to the Con...and I'm not talking about Tegan and Sara here.
give to the Lord glory and praise,
I’m so excited! Bring on Autumn!
“You don’t have a name right? Then I shall call you a DOG!”
It all began on Tuesday morning, when the great challenge of setting up began. I, of course, was still running around Melbourne like a mad chook, organising patterns to be printed, buying furniture for the stall, and folding and ironing fabric.
Saturday night and I’m back to feeling the way I used to when I was what I usually refer to as ‘more unwell’.
This past Sunday, I returned from my first ever mission trip! I went to Joplin, Missouri with Sojourn Collegiate Ministry to help rebuild two houses that were destroyed by the tornado last summer.
Key Players: Garrett Stutz (13.5 ppg, 8 rpg), Joe Ragland (13.4 ppg), Toure’ Murry (12.2 ppg), Ben Smith (9.9 ppg), David Kyles (8.5 ppg), Carl Hall (8.3 ppg)
A while back, some good friends of ours, Kimberly and Ryan, asked me and some other friends to help them plan a gender reveal party. Baby number three is on the way, and they wanted to do something new and different. Kimberly knew she wanted the gender of their baby to be revealed to everyone, including her and Ryan, at the party in the form of a cupcake.
“We will tackle stereotypes and prejudices and ignorance and change the daily ‘news journalism’ to portray every-day life of ordinary people, which can create identification and fascination — and intercultural understanding. We will tackle our stereotypic images of people from foreign cultures and make new experiments with pictures in public places, in the media and advertising.
Thank you to everyone who pitched in and brought us not only to our $3000 minimum, but to our $4200 total printing bill! I’ve been in touch with the printers and am scheduling the print run now; we will be able to produce more than 3000 full-color copies of the book to distribute to at-risk kids. I’ve launched http://thepowerwithin.org with a link to submit your info for your local youth organizations that would like to get copies of the book. There will be more news as we determine the date that the book will be available. Backers will be the first to see it!
Still retaining the soul of an art studio…just all grown up.
This year's winner, the very modest Chris Beckett, read alongside last year's winner, Claire Keegan, last Sunday at the Bluecoat. Claire always has some interesting things to say about the short story, especially what she calls the 'reluctant voice'. She says Irish writers are good at short stories because the Irish talk a lot without saying anything.
Last night while putting Rilo to bed, I came with my final ideas for Rilo's first birthday party theme. As the date gets closer, I'm sure I'll share more. In addition to the milk straws, I was also thinking about getting some of these biodegradable straws. I haven't quite figured out the color scheme just yet, but I think the red might be a good fit.
Oh, before I go, does anyone out there know how to get the signature working in blogger after installing IE9? I can't get my signature (the pretty one with the butterflies and all) to work. ALL I get is a big red X. If you know how to get it back with IE9 installed, please e-mail me.....THANK YOU!!
I was waiting to cross the road that leads to GDM auditorium where Shehna’s marriage was scheduled to begin at 12.30. I was wearing the new pink shirt that my mother gave me during my visit to Nagpur for Atul’s marriage. The shirt got torn at the arm while I was dragged on the road. I will have to stitch it as it is precious to me.
Since I missed the 100 mark,
20. Beyond Belief: Brad Steiger
Assess and drive the effective deployment of governance frameworks, such as COBIT and ITIL, to model and monitor IT processes and assets, ensuring appropriate policies and controls are in place. Critical relationships with business functions and the various components of service delivery, whether in-house, in-sourced or out-sourced, are effective and enable informed decision-making, management of risk and optimisation of value. This also works to minimize any misalignment of business and IT perspectives, the inefficiencies of short-term tactical IT deployments or unproductive use of resources and assets, and importantly the potential risks to data security and regulatory compliances.
NUFF SAID.
Chill and crumble in robot coupe.
We learned all about yeast. The freeze dried yeast you get in the store is quite amazing - pretty indestructible stuff. You should keep it in the freezer, by the way. We learned about making your own starter with organic grapes, water, flour and time (read the La Brea Bakery cookbook for a good explanation and technique)...I won't ever be doing that, but learning about making your own starter from your regional yeast spores in the air is very interesting.
during a scan.
I think the next version of notes on the iPhone should allow photos and links…
But... guess what? You need a 195 in all ARCHX runs to earn the title!
Isn't Place de Furstemberg looking lovely today?
02-Motherless Child
These email tips will help you make a great first impression every time you write by showing your audience you know what you’re doing and will not… waste their time. These steps will also help you keep your first impression.
But I can promise you this: the peace that comes from living in the Word, and living your relationship with Jesus Christ to the fullest transcends all understanding, and will quickly make you forget any of the hardships or “sacrifices” that come along with being Christian. There are so many times we feel like we’re not ready to go all in, or we’re not ready to make all these changes in our lives yet. We know it’s selfish, but it’s natural for us to have these thoughts. But let’s not be fence sitters anymore! God says Himself that we will spit those that are lukewarm out of His mouth! Enough with all this big talk about what we wanna do or should do, or how we wanna be all in for Christ, and wanna one day tell the world, etc. Quit talking and do it! Take the next step in your walk with God! The second you start living your life for Him and not for yourself, it changes everything. This does not mean there won’t be hard times (because wouldn’t you know it that the second you get serious in your walk with God, the devil with do anything to find that chink in the armor to knock you back down) but with God you can get through them all.
Make a personal call
The petition submitted by the SFC and others argues that the blackout rule is perverse, “anti-consumer and anti-fan.” The group argues that in a time of persistently high unemployment, sluggish economic growth and consumer uncertainty,”even one blackout is too much.”
In 2006, I got pregnant with our last child, another beautiful son. I was much more careful about my weight gain (though still indulged in sugar quite often). After he was born later that same year, I was actually TEN POUNDS LESS than when I got pregnant. I was so proud that I didn’t overdue the weight gain. Twelve days later, my husband suffered a heart attack. He was 31 years old, I was 29 years old. So, now the diabetic diet was reinforced with cardiac patient stuff put in. We went back to the very labor intensive activity of planning and measuring every ioda of food. Counting calories, fat grams, carbs, sugars, checking against glycemic index… with both of us working it was extremely difficult to do.
A further provision is usually included requiring the licensee to maintain records that permit a licensor or his representatives to determine that all payments made and due are accurate. These records should be open to inspection by the licensor or to a third party accounting firm acceptable to both parties on reasonable notice. If an audit becomes necessary, the agreement should provide for the handling of the cost.
The annual League of Arizona Cities and Towns Convention opened its general session on Friday, September 23rd at the Mesa Convention Center with nearly one thousand registrants representing most of the state’s 89 cities and towns and for the first time, ever, five of Arizona’s 22 Indian Nations.
sometimes i think i love her so much i could literally eat her face off.
Cast your bread upon the waters, for after many days you will find it again. Ecclesiastes 11:1 (NIV)
They set the stage for one of the biggest days of their lives.
The album is laid out by a group who clearly understand live dynamics, building the tension of the first half of the LP with the tight riffs of 'Togetherness', the mix of west-coast organ and plaintive horns of '2 Days Before 2012' and 'Gallowstreet 34', which could easily soundtrack the 70's edition of GTA Addis Ababa. Mid-way through the album also points to an interesting path, the drum-less ambience of 'Night Fight', a duel of thumb pianos and slide guitar, awash with delays and reverbs, evoking fireflies and glow worms amid the nocturnal jungle creatures.
I just finished reading Sarah's Key. Today. While Kaden was napping. When I should have been doing laundry. Don't judge me
The smell of time fused with the scent of wild, crawling heather.
each month they heavily promote a country race meeting
For October - I incorporated a CHAllenge to use a journal card -- I always have journaling on P12 but a lot of the time I use a strip of a striped paper rather than a journal card. More Silhouette fun here:
Hackles had been raised in every quarter. All sorts of unexpected antagonisms and surprising loyalties were bubbling menacingly to the surface of the apparently calm and uneventful waters of village life. There was nothing for it. An impromptu public meeting needed to be called.
Please note that this article contains a story on cannibalism and may be found as a little disturbing.
When the kiss ended, he rested his forehead against mine, and I knew that he was right. This couldn’t be goodbye—it couldn’t end like this. I hadn’t come to Braythel looking for love, but here he was, and I wasn’t ready to let him go. I closed my eyes, already wishing for tomorrow. Until then, I would think of our time under the trees.
I love the unknown connections just as much as the known. When I stop for lunch on Saturday’s at the Waterfront Restaurant, I always sit at the bar and savor the most delicious food. Ryan is an expert bartender and knows exactly what I like. I have met the most interesting people sitting there. Including a very old man who insisted on telling me about a secret bar in town that has leprechaun strippers. Okay, so maybe I didn’t *love* this connection. But I was quite fascinated by what the man had to say.
The normal threshold for El Ni¤o or La Ni¤a, as applied by the Climate Prediction Center, is for five consecutive months of at least 0.5 C above or below normal in a key region of the tropical Pacific. For working with annual data, I decided to call an annual average above 0.5 C an El Ni¤o and an annual average below -0.5 C a La Ni¤a. Then I plotted it up, color-coding each year for whether it was El Ni¤o, La Ni¤a, or neither (neutral).
Besides, I have promises to keep.”
Some of you have made it very clear that the suspense is killing you, so for that reason, I finally took some photos. The photos had much more to do with getting to put my fall decor out & that I just cleaned house but that's beside the point!
Three wise men seeking the truth they traveled from afar
The chances of any of these schools making it this year are not particularly good. Northwestern, William and Mary, and Army all got off to good starts, but have faded down the stretch (the Tribe’s 16-point loss to Iona in a Bracketbusters game probably eliminating W&M from at-large consideration). To get a bid, it’s likely that only a league tournament title (and the automatic bid that goes with it) will do.
His widow Dorothy – or Doll, as the vicar called her – and the family invited everybody to Cotesbach Village Hall for the wake.
Toe to toe
Simon Kamagantsev/Jake Leibas (6-0) (6-0)
Apparently getting lime juice on your skin and then sitting out in the sun is a no-no. It causes something called phytophotodermatitis, or Margarita Dermatitis. Totally safe, and it will go away on its own, but no fun and definitely not cute when you are trying to show off your tan to all your pale friends.
I think that is terrific idea. But do I want to have another store to manage?
We were talking about our relationship and about his pending guideline list for me. He had shown me parts of it earlier..and I did NOT laugh at it..but I kind of wanted too. For some reason, my husband who is not formal in ANY way, wrote up a list that sounded like he was going to present it to the Supreme Court. Seriously. I hardly understood any of it. He used words like "the first party" and the "second party" and "digressions." I thought it would say stuff like "number one....no using the "f" bomb in our home." I think he's making this more complicated then it is...I just want to know what makes him tick, better ways to serve him....how to make myself better for him. I guess from a man's point of view that is a lot of pressure to say "I want this from you."
I am ready to zoom into Peru on horribly long bus rides, but Mika prefers to break up the trip so we make one last stop in Bolivia at Copacabana on Lake Titicaca. Which in itself is not so bad because Copacabana also happens to be the name of one of my top karaoke songs though I doubt that this town is the inspiration for the Barry Manilow hit.
September: Bobby Graham, Mary Travers
A couple of points I'd like to raise. Overheads in a popular tourist town are likely to be higher than a small village pub with a lower turnover. More importantly I'm a big believer in value for money over cost. I believe a pint of ale in my pub is worth £3 a pint. The amount I sell suggests that customers also think this is value for money. I'd rather (and have done) throw away a few pints of ale than sell them at a reduced price - this devalues the brand. Sorry for the marketing talk - it's the only way I know to describe this theory.
Those of you who have been regulars around here know that I make a habit of visiting my local hospital once a year. You'll be happy to know that my bones remained intact throughout 2010.
To fill the hungry eyes of those that curiously behold
I have to say that fond memories and nostalgia certainly color my opinion of the film. It's not great - it's actually really cheesy for the most part. Watching it now, you can see the overacting in virtually every facet. The film has pacing issues at times... it feels a bit long at almost 2 hours, but I do feel like it is well written and has an interesting story of the gods really toying with humans to serve their own ends. The story was very serious at times, but still felt light and definitely authentic to me for whatever reason. (The story certainly deviates from the original greek myth FYI... read up on the history of Perseus if you are interested. No Kraken for him!)
I begin to see that out of my bitter circumstances something new can take root and bloom.
The guy building a business is the person who actually pays for all the progressive wet dreams people like Ms. Warren love so much..not only by dealing with all the fees, regulations and taxes the government levies on anyone in business but by employing others who likewise pay into the system. Thus the Evil factory owner pays a much larger chunk for the government services she mentions than say, a college professor or a government functionary.
More recent studies described evidence on pain relief and sedation for surgical and medical purposes traced in literary medical treatises from the Roman and Byzantine times (2nd century BC to 7th AD). Roman and Byzantine scientists, such as Dioscorides Pedanios, Gaius Plinius Secundus, Galen, Orivasios from Pergamum, Themistios, Aetios of Amida, Ioannes Damascenos and others, referred to Mandragora officinarum, Hyoscyamos niger and Atropa belladonna as the most important herbs, besides the opium poppy, to be used for producing pain relief and sedation.
that kind of blog.
Boots - Aldo
palms are all i have left
Here are a few quotes on solitude from Gift from the Sea by Anne Morrow Lindbergh:
January O'Neil: Yes. We go into the schools and talk to students who need help. We help them with their literary skills, and at the same time we broaden our connection to the literary community.
This unique Scrabble wedding cake was made for a bride and groom who played Scrabble together over the internet while he was stationed in Iraq. K, worth five points, was at the top because both the bride and groom have names starting with K. I love this cake from the PinkCakeBox Blog.
Sometimes I just have to sit back and realize that it's all going to be just fine. I have to go to that happy place. The happy place changes from day to day and season to season. Right now, it's the excitement of the coming gardening year.
Twice blessed, I have been,
Did you know that a black cat is far less likely to be adopted from a shelter or pound? Sad, but oh so true... and if a black cat also is a tea drinker, well! The deck is stacked so far against this feline that we can barely bear to think about it.
I talked to a few more people and then had another look at the autograph line. It was about half the size it had been, but it was still a line. And that was just the line to get into the room. You had to stand in line again for each autograph.
I made a few phone calls. The only way that I could talk while on the phone was to bounce on Sazz’s fit ball. I spoke to my other doula, Michelle and my midwife Brenda and suggested that yes, maybe she should keep her bag by the front door. I had a good talk to Michelle. I said I didn’t know what was happening but I said I could feel the baby dancing on my cervix, I remembered Sazz talking about Harriet “break dancing” on her cervix, spinning round and round on her head. The contractions were close together but still really short, I was telling Michlle “I’m just not sure what’s going on. I’m going to go to bed”.
Immersion schools, or even worse, study abroad programs, have for some unverifiable reason become rather popular for students with less than two years of foreign language experience at the college level. “Theories of second language acquisition posit that a critical ingredient for the development of L2 speaking skills is the opportunity to participate in meaningful interaction” (Pellettieri 285). However, being immersed in an unknown language will only create fear and increase xenophobia, thus discounting everything that learning a language and its cultural context stand for. The Immersion Method spends the time that is needed to drill on grammar where it is not of any benefit to the beginning foreign language students; namely, humiliating them by speaking a language they do not already understand.
forces beasts from behind bars,
Your child will be next.It is hearing your child’s cry of distress as the nurses
Roses – My dad has always loved growing roses, so our house has been surrounded by bushes of every variety and color for as long as I can remember. They’re a gorgeous flower that is difficult to grow in a rough Montana climate, but my dad patiently coaxed hundreds of them back to life after a long, brutal winter.
You probably didn’t know about J.A.R. Elliot Co., manufacturer of earplugs. Elliott patented a protective earplug at the end of his very successful career as a champion shooter of live birds. He was the “Tiger Woods of sharp-shooting” said Golia, and a spokesman for Winchester rifles. But he developed hearing problems (go figure), so he went into the earplug business here in Brooklyn at the turn of the 20th century. (His earplugs were actually made out of wood, and then he wisely moved on to more malleable materials.)
This is essentially a fun and challenging game where users are set up against some near impossible basketball shots with hoops in weird spots, covered by boxes, clouds and planes in the way, and anything else you can think of. It reminds me of a mix between Angry Birds and Paper Toss only you are playing Basketball, and it’s loads of fun. Make your own trick shots today and check out the video preview.
This sequestering of Genesis from human origins gives us “NOMA” by other means. NOMA is a famous acronym coined by evolutionary theorist Stephen Jay Gould, who claimed that science and faith were “non-overlapping magisteria”—two different authorities with different jurisdictions or domains. Science, for Gould, dealt with facts; while religion dealt with values. As long as we kept that straight, then the two would never conflict because there would be no “overlapping” jurisdiction. The problem, of course, is that Christian faith does make factual, historical claims and is not just a nice collection of “moral teachings” (and science is also loaded with values). So Gould’s NOMA model has been roundly rejected.
We all shall meet among the blest
Well, unfortunately I have been diagnosed with a terrible illness. Really? No, but what I am about to discuss seemed like an absolute absurdity at first, but the deeper I dug the more I found. The article to which I am referring was published in the Journal of Clinical Psychiatry Volume 11, series 3, pages 4-5, as “A clinical analysis of anti-government phobia”. Spread on multiple alternative sites, it was not picked up by the “experts” on the “real” news; so those individuals who only believe the “experts” can stop reading now.
These are the only two steps left for me to consider my gender transition complete. Chest reconstruction surgery is expensive and not usually covered by insurance, so this is also dependent on getting the house sold. Changing my name is much cheaper and easier but I want to get all the legal headaches of selling the house out of the way before I do it. The tricky part is I don't want to be recovering from major surgery in an RV so I'll have to do that in between selling the house and setting out on my travels.
Before I leave you all I have a sneak peek of something that I have been working on and will be able to share with you all here tomorrow...
Wild turkeys...No I didn't take this photo, but we have turkeys this size that roam in flocks throughout the backyard. It is always a sight to see large groups of these birds running through your yard and trees!
We heard back from our facilitator.
Cohasset, Massachusetts (population 7,542): Wednesday night Cohasset Selectmen unanimously adopted a resolution to remove Town Manager Michael Coughlin effective immediately, according to WATD. Coughlin has the right to a public hearing which could reverse the decision. Attorneys for the town and Coughlin have agreed to hold the hearing March 13th at 7 p.m. The town will continue to pay Coughlin his salary until the hearing and final resolution. Coughlin began the job last August 1. When they hired him, selectmen lauded his “consensus-building style.” In his first week on the job, he asked all department heads for their goals and objectives. Many department heads attended the brief Selectmen’s meeting and subsequent informal question and answer session with Chairman of Selectmen Ted Carr. A former JAG Army Captain and youth sports coach, Coughlin frequently communicates in sports analogies, calling himself coach and town employees the team. He says he spoke and emailed Carr daily. Carr said the became friends. Selectmen voted to remove him without cause, referring only to “communications with the board.” Coughlin formerly served as Town Administrator in three other towns, leaving each after three years. Selectman Diane Kennedy read a statement during the meeting. No other selectman spoke. She stressed the board’s action was not the result of a pending bid by the town’s water commissioners. Coughlin said the bid, or RFP (request for proposals), lay at the heart of the dispute. The town manages 90 percent of its water system. A private water company, Aquarion, manages the system in the north section of town. Aquarion also manages the water systems of neighboring Hingham and Hull. Hingham has discussed terminating its relationship with Aquarion because of annual rate increases. Chairman of Cohasset’s Water Commissioners Peter DeCaprio has proposed the town ask for bids from private water companies to manage the entire water system. DeCaprio is managing director of the Crow Point Partners hedge fund of Scituate and New York City. The fund received a $15 million investment from Aquarion’s parent company, an Australian holding company. Coughlin has publicly objected to the water commissioners’ bid, saying only he, as the town’s procurement officer, can manage the provision of goods and services to the town. Selectmen will meet Friday, Feb. 17, at 4 p.m. to plan for interim management of town government.
1 turning
To give a related example: my five-year-old nephew is very interested in bus (and subway) schedules for many of the reasons that Lubiano identified. Perhaps he should apply for a position as a tenured position in Duke’s Literature program?
Thursday: was all about Beer Color, Maturation/Storage Principles, Cleaning & Sanitation, and Brewery CIP. Interesting stuff. Later that night I got the best early birthday present ever. Friends back home pitched in to surprise Jen and fly her out to Chicago for an extended weekend. She got to our apartment right as we were finishing one of our bi-weekly study groups and got to meet some of the crew here.
Anyway, as some of you know I lost the jalousie section of the passenger side bedroom window on our trip to Florida, when we got to Florida it was gone, never heard or saw anything. Paul was gracious enough to help fabricate a wood patch, and Donna caulked it and put a coat of white primer and then white top coat of paint, and it doesn’t look bad. Plus it has had a ton of rain fall on it and is leak free. I found a place that stocks parts for HEHR windows, The catch was the tag that has the all important part number for my window is located on the inside of the window frame, so I had to remove the entire window frame and all from the fiver and then reinstall it. While I had it out I photographed the tag to attach to the e-mail going to the Parts company. Also it is still leak free after putting it back in. Anyway here is the break down of costs.
Dates: Select Nights September–October 2012
Transport drivers who began a protest on Sunday blocked to road from Nouadhibou to Nouakchott today, some threatening to burn their vehicles unless licence applications were processed efficiently and without prejudice, and others saying they would begin a hunger strike. By this afternoon there was a 200-vehicle tailback.
Next in a large skillet I started to melt the butter, while this was melting I cut up the pineapple and banana. After the butter was melted I added the pineapple and the sugar, salt, and vanilla extract. When the sugar was melted I added the banana and cooked until the sugar was boiling lightly. Then I removed the fruit from the heat and sat aside.
But at the total emptiness for ever,
And I have run with my dog. Who loves to run, and waits at the door whenever I go out. Whines at the door while I am out on my long runs. And gets a few laps when I get back.
Another example of sloppy legal language lies in the statement that
Yes I experienced some communication problems, and some inconvenience, but let's not forget the outcome at the end was pretty reasonable. I received the black and white dress (there hadn't been any problems with this in the first place), and although I didn't receive my green chiffon dress as they had indicated but the yellow version - at least they gave me a refund as well as allowing me to keep the dress so I avoided shipping charges to send this back to them, as well.
And then there is Bay Girl, who had been unloved and unhandled for probably most of her life. Are we sensing a theme here? Horribly misunderstood animals who only needed a little bit of time and love to turn around, but were never given that chance?
Chelsea Enright never expected to inherit her grandmother's lakeside cottage deep in the Adirondacks—a serene getaway that had been mysteriously closed up decades ago. This is no simple bequest, however, because when Chelsea finds her grandmother's WWII diaries, she's stunned to discover that they hold secrets she never suspected . . . and they have the power to turn her own life upside down.
ND - No, I think on the SPL board, we’ve obviously got four clubs, we’ve got myself and the Chairman, Ralph Topping, and it’s important that on that board you recognise that there may be conflicts between your own position as a club and as a board acting on behalf of the SPL and you manage those conflicts. You wear your hat. You have a fiduciary duty for the whole of the league and you come up with the right…
“I think about the families” of workers losing their jobs, McCormick said. “For the economy, for our town, this is devastating. They (Patriot) are a good corporate citizen.”
He tried to forget about what Katie had said, but it kept replaying in his head, distracting him during his next class. Thanks, Katie. Now Bennett would get a bad report, right after they’d agreed that he’d get back to serious work. At least this time he would be able to explain why. He’d eat lunch with Bennett so they could talk about it, let him know that it wasn’t his fault this time. When Don and Katie waved and beckoned him over to their table where a fairly large group had gathered, he shook his head.
This one does a little better, but it still manages to get in its own way. Not only does it misidentify which character is bad and which is ugly, but it manages to make the movie sound like a Civil War epic but tacking on “the blue, the gray” to “the good, the bad, the ugly.” Look, when you’ve got a Morricone score and Leone visuals to play with, you don’t have to write much. In fact, your goal should be to write the absolute minimum possible. (And if you can’t see that saying “the gold” when the gold coins spill out of the bag is a unnecessary, then I can’t help you. No one can.)
Now you has -- jazz jazz jazz...!
Pruett sought a reduction in bond. Not surprisingly, Colbert Judge Jackie Hatcher refused. A reader has informed us that Pruett has undergone a transformation of sorts since her arrest; but with no family in the Shoals, she is considered a flight risk.
We had great food and lots of it cus I cook like my Mother, and the attraction of the day was the tennis courts - I should have brought more rackets. Thank goodness my mother never threw any of our old ones out - they saved the day. It was a hot summer day and the kids didn't seem to mind it at all. It was so fun to see all my cousin's kids out playing together like they've always known each other - when in reality we see one another once a year anymore.
trend - high waisted belts
Hamprecht K, Maschmann J, Vochem M, Dietz K, Speer CP, Jahn G. Epidemiology of transmission of cytomegalovirus from mother to preterm infant by breastfeeding. Lancet 2001; 357: 513-518 + Lancet. 2001; 357: 1799-1800 + Lancet. 2001; 357: 1800.
SO, let me know if you are joining in on this summer adventure! Right now I have 19 friends on FB joining in. I think this is going to give our summer some purpose and be tons of fun!
Then it was the turn of the Ecclesiastical Procession. Virgers, the Crossbearer, the Taperers, The Choristers--on and on they went in a rustling, starched flood of snowy white surplice, red robe, and finally the gold and purple of high church office. Diana's mother Frances arrived next--looking elegant if a little lonely in floaty powder-blue chiffon--very different from the relaxed woman in sun-faded jeans and cotton shirts I remembered so well from one long, hot Scottish summer.
of a teenage girl. There is no clip,
To Make a Man
*drops mic* I’m Out!
March: *is writing a short*
It began in the room at the end. At first it was the nasty scraping sound made by shovels. Then the snow fell down over the windows and grey light came in everywhere. Somebody tramped past outside and came to the next window and let in more light. It was awful.
I winged out my liner on the lower lash line.
Half an hour of heart stopping grab attempts later I descended with many puncture wounds and a growly kitten, who only discovered he is afraid of heights after he shot up a huge tree and discovered that he couldn't do the trip in reverse.
they make their way to my front porch
The latest round of proposed budget cuts has provoked violence on a massive scale. In the video below protesters and police clash in Thessaloniki the second largest city in Greece.
This was a good read, and I expect to pick up the next trade paperback when it comes out.
become sheets too far from home.
Before Worship
Last week, youth league leaders stripped the league’s Mpumalanga secretary John Mkhatshwa of his powers after he snubbed Malema’s call to work towards unseating Premier David Mabuza.
Two other beers are worth mentioning. The have a very nice apricot wheat, which is a nice dry American wheat beer with just a hint of apricot which is a study in restraint and very satisfying. And then there is the El Guapo:
The outsize flower looks quite surreal
Include some funny videos, the phone number for the school, a text message that says something like "You Rock Because You Can Read This" and an SMS pretending to be from someone like Justin Beiber.
Published by: British Broadcasting Corporation
But some netizens have pointed out that one of her tweets to be fishy. It says “I wish I have an iPhone”, but she is currently the endorser to Samsung Anycall phones. Hence it has been said that that account is not authentic.
Land and Sea Soba Salad:
Each of us from the DT decided it would be fun to remember Suzanne today in "typical Suzanne" style! Our creations will either help remember a "funny travel moment" with Suzanne or... share a secret about Suzanne. Ha!!! Bet she didn't see this coming!!! LOL
I had a talk with one of the pastors who oversees my work. We shared our struggles about the ‘wrong’ things we see in the office. However, i don’t think we are talking about the same things & i fear we are reinforcing each other the wrongly.
Oh, for the life on the rolling sea!
dark and stormy first and ending with whimsy!
-jade
First I want to say a very special thank-you to all who helped to make it possible for me to accept the position of emerging artist in the American Craft Expo and secure my booth through your purchase of art during my Celebration Sale last month! Being at the show in August will be even more meaningful knowing that you supported me!
Basically the same old problems, just a different playground.
We had so many GORGEOUS entries
"So you're no longer together?"
Stickles (Diamond) and Glamour Dust glitter
one-hand lengthening footrest
And for some of you, real damned soon truth be told."
We are signed up for a Battlefield guided tour tomorrow via climate controlled bus. We have some light showers this evening and more predicted for tomorrow, so I selected the enclosed air conditioned bus instead of the open double decker with audio phones. I will be able to question the park ranger who will guide our tour instead of just having to listen to audio. We find that it is a good practice to take these tours when available for a first time overview of the entire place. Looking forward to tomorrow's morning departure. The tour will pick us up by van here at the RV park tomorrow and take us into Gettysburg to catch the bus. We have two hours around the battleground and then are transported back here although the desk staff said, the tour company will allow us time in town if we wish and return us later. That may be very handy if we get more liquid sunshine.
But you'll be happy to hear that my girls are totally down with the whole hazelnut-cocoa experience.
Wink is really good at remembering places. We went back to the main road and I'd have had no idea whether to turn right or left, but she had her bearings. Above the salon was a coffee shop so we went in for a drink first (air con, bliss) and then I noticed, over the road ... a place that did massages, facials, manicures and so on. That we hadn't noticed yesterday - although, to be fair, its closing day was Tuesday.
For starters,
Anyway back to the real world - I spent hours printing out stuff for my workshop - naturally every colour ran out and in the middle I inadvertently kicked the plug out and that wasted a bit more time. All done now. Onto the next thing.
Chiweshe and his people went to the field of Mbari wearing the clothes of war with their spears, bows and arrows in their hands. They started reaping the rapoko and they filled their containers and put the rapoko on a rock. They reaped again for the second time and filled their containers with rapoko. Mhembere told Chiweshe, Hwata and their people that they should take this rapoko to their homes because Mbari was not giving them food to eat nor did he pay them for the work which they were doing. Chiweshe and his people agreed to what Mhembere had said. They went to their home wilth rapoko in their containers. At the same time there came people shouting that the people of Chiweshe had taken the rapoko to their homes. Then Mbari called his people and told them to follow the people of Chiweshe because they had taken the rapoko. The people of Chiweshe ran quickly to their hill called Barapate. The people of Mbari met the people of Chiweshe at the bottom of the hill and Mhembere told the people of Chiweshe to wait and fight the people of Mbari. There they fought with all their strength and the people of Mbari were defeated. Mbari was captured and killed by Chiweshe himself. All the people of Mbari ran away from their country and went to the country of Chief Dombo. The people of Chiweshe went to the home of Mbari and took all the cattle, goats and sheep. Both Chiweshe and Hwata left their home at Barapate and went to the home of Mbari now called Harare. Then Chiweshe thanked Mhembere and gave him his daughter to be his wife. From that time Chiweshe was the chief of Harare.
Alright. Thank you for letting me get all of that off my chest.
Next, we ask that you find – or make – an image that will serve the purpose of representing the energy of Old Man Winter. Put this on the altar. We ask that you get a single star (easy to find during the Christmas season) and put this alongside the statue of Old Man Winter. This is a Star of Guidance that will guide you (when you ask for it) just as the Star of Bethlehem guided the Magi to the birthing place of a very special child. When you feel the need for guidance, go to the altar and ask…that is all….simply ask for guidance. Then, be brave and confident enough to listen to the guidance that is given, whether it comes in the form of a work of art, the lyrics of a song, a poem, a writing, or however it comes. And it will come.
However, that will not matter, as newco will have emerged claiming to own the history. In a sale of assets to a newco, Craig Whyte, as 85% owner, cannot block the sale.
I shot this in my little kitchen where the walls have their original gloss cream paint, which I expect has faded from its original white!
This weeks challenge is called "Shaping Up for May Flowers" so what I'd love to see you do, is to create a shaped card, (something that is not square) and make sure to add flowers. Whether it be flowers in the image you use, or a flower shaped card, or flowers to embellish your card.... Let your imagination run wild....
I am finally back in the swing of things, after my trip to St. Louis. I have to say a big "THANKS!" to the folks at Dick Blick and at The Ink Spot, for taking such good care of me and making me so welcome.
END epic mini series,the follow up to THE PILLARS OF THE EARTH. HOLLYWOOD SPY has asked Simon about his impressions from the sets of these two projects, and he gave us his answers, being extremely kind and nice.
Here, I sat for awhile.
But ours is a country where Police Chiefs and Judges toy with the law. Ours is a country where senior public officials denigrate their office by refusing to resign until they are proven guilty. Ours is a country where big men are more than big laws.
The approach you choose depends on your app design and personal preferences. The first option (single activity) requires that you dynamically add each fragment to the activity at runtime---rather than declare the fragments in your activity’s layout file — because you cannot remove a fragment from an activity if it’s been declared in the XML layout. You might also need to update the action bar each time the fragments change, depending on what actions or navigation modes are provided for the fragment. In some cases, these factors might not matter to your app, so using one activity and swapping fragments will work well. Other times, however, using just one activity and dynamically swapping fragments can make your code more complicated, because you must manage all the fragment combinations in the activity’s code rather than leveraging alternative layout files.
No one asked Tejada to take the place of one of the most popular players in Mets history. No one made the early report mandatory. Is it really going to kill the team if Tejada, who is supposed to report Saturday, misses a few days? I can tell you, they are pretty much conditioning and doing exercises. He plays a grueling 162-game sport. Trust me, he’s in shape. (Well, he should be…he’s never had a problem with that before).
Note: the pictures below aren't the same scale as the recipes provided. I actually split the cake recipe between 3 6-inch cake pans, and the cake I made is using one of those 6-inch cakes cut into 3 layers. The recipe calls for 2 8-inch pans. You can really do whatever you want here, just adjust baking times accordingly, and cut into as many layers as you can handle! I also used a half recipe for both buttercreams but provided the full recipe.
Psalms 5:8
The main problem with workshops at a con, of course, is that audience and panelists are all over the place in regards to experience and knowledge. Many in the audience at each workshop were only to the point of just thinking about the possibility of self-publishing while I’m chomping at the bit for marketing data with validating results. Some of the panelists aren't really savvy about how to actually publish and market in the digital world. But then I don’t have the access to marketing promotions that folk a step above have and are using (Nook First, early entry into Amazon programs, etc.). In all, my expectations were set too high; therefore, I was disappointed.
We were talking about that. Both of us wondered why she doesn't try being honest with her mother. Chamille said that it wasn't going to change anything, that she wouldn't get her life back, and she still wouldn't be able to see her, even IF her mom let her come back home from the "bad kid" reform ranch/school. The lack of honest communication is part of what caused all this stuff in the first place.
Good surprise but definitely not what the crowd wanted… they wanted a killing here by Kharma. Layla’s been working on her shit, that’s for sure.
Why can I never seem to pick one of you guys that is good? I never get a ripe one, I follow all the rules, and still when I open you, you are usually bad. What gives?!
we only have the possibility to screen dvd at the London screening but welcome submissions in other formats as well (for the archive, but also, if you are happy for us to do it, to copy to dvd if we are able to, for the programme). If your work is on 16 mm or super 8 we probably can’t copy it immediately but would love to discuss with you screening it in the future, and of course for archive purposes we’d love to have it.
Be an animal friend! Especially in this hot weather, where I see countless animals chained outside with no water or shelter, or locked in hot cars That's like putting your pet in a microwave. You better believe I will bash in your window if I see a dog or cat or CHILD locked in there. People don't realize that the temperature rises severely in cars and can and DOES lead to death. I adopted a kitten the same day (I saw these horses) because it was being given away outside a store. The poor thing was panting. Kittens don't pant unless they are having heat stroke. Come'on people, it's well over 100 degrees out right now.
Living life is risky.
large: 3.5" x 12" x 8"
and touches our lips,
Books were scarce. There was nothing you could call a public library, we were a hundred miles away from a department store’s books section, so we children began to circulate reading material among ourselves until each child had read another’s entire stock. There were long dry spells broken by the new Christmas books, which started the rounds again….
What moves you, Colorado? Have any personal favorites of your own? Share them below with a link and brief description.
has come to my attention that there are no offensive words consisting of 1 or 2
Anyway, Clara is babysitting for a family, when a guy named Billy rides up on a motorcycle, looking to make out. He's supposed to be a rebellious, bad boy type of guy, but he's played by Ted Raimi, so I'm guessing no one in the casting department has ever heard of Rebel Without A Cause(Hint: Ted Raimi ain't it.)
Why do teenage girls or rather my girls as teens already have a stigma attached?
Baekhyun clenched his fists and smack it into the table. “Ah, Xiu Min – aah!! Allow me to become a slut, be free!”
Coriander Seed -
59. The Blind Side (Sandra Bullock)
16Then the eleven disciples went to Galilee, to the mountain where Jesus had told them to go. 17When they saw him, they worshiped him; but some doubted. 18Then Jesus came to them and said, “All authority in heaven and on earth has been given to me.19Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, 20and teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you. And surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age.” (Matt 28:16-20)
Please remember these are not recommendations for you to trade these are my views and I have my risk management tools and risk parameters that you do not have access to. Thus, this blog is for information only and does not constitute advice. Neither Greg McKenna nor Lighthouse Securities has taken your personal circumstances, objectives or financial situation into account. Because of this you should, before acting on this information, consider its appropriateness, having regard to your objectives, financial situation or needs.
I just about died laughing. Firecrotch bitch was so quick to gloat about having Jered on her arm, and how much they love each other, but he CHEATED ON HER IN A HOT TUB. He never cheated on me, and said he would never cheat on anyone. Guess she's the exception.
Deadline to visit & comment is Sunday, April 1st.
* Before getting an agent and achieving publication did you have to deal with rejection along the way? How did it feel to finally secure the agent and publishing deal?
For several years now, the Fed has been making money available to the financial sector at near-zero interest rates. Big banks and hedge funds, among others, have taken this cheap money and invested it in securities with high yields. This type of profit-making, called the “carry trade,” has been enormously profitable for them.
Not sure what to waterproof the windows with (can I get enough eco wax? How much would be needed? What about any oils or such?)
So let's see .... what else is new??? Hmmmmm .....
9. Dear Friend
FINAL VERDICT: “Wrath of the Titans feels even more hollow and lifeless than its predecessor in terms of drama and whimsy, but its action scenes are mostly decent, and the surprisingly solid 3D job is much improved over its predecessor. It may be a bit of a flaccid, wooden film, but it looks good and it hits hard, so if you want an undemanding action movie to start scratching your blockbuster itch early before Summer, this is good enough to justify a ticket, especially in 3D.”
I wish them luck as they attempt to use their considerable influence to improve the elite level of the sport in this country.
Large handful coriander (cilantro) roughly chopped
– Putting Cops Back on Street Cited In Raleigh Crime Drop
How deeply Jewish is Hollywood? When the studio chiefs took out a full-page ad in the Los Angeles Times a few weeks ago to demand that the Screen Actors Guild settle its contract, the open letter was signed by: News Corp. President Peter Chernin (Jewish), Paramount Pictures Chairman Brad Grey (Jewish), Walt Disney Co. Chief Executive Robert Iger (Jewish), Sony Pictures Chairman Michael Lynton (surprise, Dutch Jew), Warner Bros. Chairman Barry Meyer (Jewish), CBS Corp. Chief Executive Leslie Moonves (so Jewish his great uncle was the first prime minister of Israel), MGM Chairman Harry Sloan (Jewish) and NBC Universal Chief Executive Jeff Zucker (mega-Jewish). If either of the Weinstein brothers had signed, this group would have not only the power to shut down all film production but to form a minyan with enough Fiji water on hand to fill a mikvah.
It was thought that it was the sum of memory that determined personality and by keeping all of their memories in sync, when combined with their identical genomes, the hope was that they would develop into identical adults. This was referred to as Sharing.
High Lord. Pie Maven. Out.
My verdict on this accessory is that it is essential if you own a Garmin E800 and cycle in the rain. But what irks is that you shouldn’t have to hand over more cash to Garmin to resolve their own design flaw.
The reason that he said this is because prophecy works directly to the building up of the Body of Christ and that was a more urgent objective to him, at that time, than the building up of the individual. However, in our modern culture today, If we neglect the spiritual growth of the individual, the community will also suffer because that neglected individual will not be able to contribute to the community if his or her spiritual growth and thus, the maturity of their gifts, is not at the stage where they can contribute meaningfully to the growth of the community. In fact they may become a drag on the community because they may require more personal ministry than those who have matured and are better able to minister to others.
As a woman, Maas was often assigned work on flapper comedies and light dramas. Her first big success, The Plastic Age (1925), was a smash hit for Clara Bow, the “It girl.” Maas' screenwriting and story efforts – sometimes credited, sometimes not – include other Bow films like Dance Madness (1926), Hula (1927), and Red Hair (1928), two films featuring her friend Norma Shearer, His Secretary (1925) and The Waning Sex (1926), the Garbo movie Flesh and the Devil (1926), and the now lost Brooks film Rolled Stockings (1927).
It was starting out to be a normal Thursday night with my Hot Tub Timemachine crew; that consists of Filmgoer, Sigma and Sita, Sigmas girlfriend. We had just picked Sita and Sigma from the Ferry and we're doing our usual food races since everyone was hungry and talking about what movies we should watch for the night. I had realized that the Play Station Network was down and since we use Netflix on my PS3 (And psn is required to access it) we decided to stop at Films to pick up a few DvDs. He ran in and it was just the Three of us waiting for a bit. I don't really remember what we talked about for those five minutes. It could have been about games or movies or Sigmas looming ship off date for his six year navy tour. All I can remember is taking a sip from the free Pepsi we got at White Castle a half hour before, chuckling at some joke when Kat interjected with tone that you would use when talking about the weather. "So Yeah....I'm Pregnant.....".
Tuesday, May 22, 2012 (registration by May 11th)
As of today she is 7 weeks and 4 days old and done so much in her little life. She is a complete social butterfly, I guess it all started the day after we got home from hospital with our first outing to BDM and Medicare in Wollongong, lunch at a Cafe and then out to Nanna's house and ended up going to a restaurant for dinner.
My expectations for Rowenna are thus:
By day I teach in a way that I haven't taught in years. I can't coast. How will I do this? I ask D. It's like riding a bike, he tells me. I want to believe him.
Which means that it is the Electoral College is almost all that matters now. I say almost because turnout is also an important factor in swing states, and national polls can effect turnout. They can also help influence fundraising (You don’t put up money for a complete loser if there is no hope whatsoever). But the reality is that this is more or less all up to the Electoral College.
But here's one part of sloth life that I did not know about: They only poop like once a week. And when they do, they slowly descend from their tree where they are hanging out, and hold on to the base of the tree trunk and, you know, do their business. In the rescue facility, they have to teach the babies the behavior, so once every few days, the handlers take the sloths and set them at the bottom of a tree and let them just sit there until they poop. As one of the ladies who works at the facility said, "When you see their little hips begin to move back and forth, you know something's about to happen." And you guys: the blissed out looks on these animals' faces while they're dropping their deuces? Fucking HILARIOUS. I mean, I was about to pee my pants just watching them happily crapping while hugging their respective tree trunks. However, since this was a classy show, they didn't actually show any of the sloth leavings, or "scat" as my wildlife biologist husband might say. And I know that you sick bastards are wondering the same thing I'm wondering, right? "Hmmm...what kind of poop could elicit such a look of pure joy on the face of such a creature?" Well, thanks to the power of the interwebs, you and I need wonder no more.
Submission Deadline
Then for a side dish, I sauteed red cabbage and collard greens in onions, garlic and crushed red pepper. It was incredible - the deep flavor of the greens mixed with the sweet notes of the cabbage.
“That doesn’t sound like a terrible plan,” said Hornmel thinking it over. “But still, we should try get the teacher’s help, just in case that plan doesn’t work. I can make it to Bear Claw in two week’s time, and be back in Yellow Clay in another two weeks, probably. That should give you enough time to get to Hobbington, make the poison, and meet me in Yellow Clay before the bandits return… with a month to spare, if all goes well.”
Maybe you started out with version 1.0 that was based in scanning and coding data for Boolean based search and review technology. Now there is predictive coding (whatever that is defined as), social media discovery, and a host of enterprise and collaborative technologies waiting to be the bane of every litigation support professional’s nightmare. Some people/lit sup groups are still getting a good handle on dealing with electronically stored information, internally and externally.
This year we shipped one box less than last year. Not for any reasons pertaining to the recession, but because Stevie is starting to resist allowing new things into this apartment given our potential return to the UK in just under 5 months time. Still, very little can dent the joy of enthusiastic parcel receivers like Orla, Hamish, and myself, and we were more than satisfied.
Hollywood shrimp:
And God did not give us Noah. Noah came to us by chance. We were next in
The eruption of super-volcanoes dwarfs the eruptions of recent volcanoes and can trigger planetary climate change by inducing Ice Ages and other impacts.
To summarize, that was the best School Kakumei episode I’ve seen in a while. With the exception of the live stage, it ended on the strongest part of the show. Don’t be deterred by the beginning. If you don’t understand Japanese, fast forward through the first eighteen minutes and enjoy.
Second thing. I'm joining a gym. It's about 15 minutes from work, so it's a little farther away from the office than I'd like (it's going to make lunch time workouts a little harder to do, but still doable). It's also on my way home, so I will still be able to go, even if I end up working late. I really need to run/exercise or I get VERY squirrely, and it's really hard for me to get out and run during the winter. So gym it is!
Love has left me
Jerry said: No. It's OK. I tell you about my problems all the time. You should be able to tell me yours.
3. I am most definitely going to get lost trying to get to these people's houses
It's Sunday & the "cold victims" are on the rise....
Will be interested to see what you guys think and what games you would recommend to get people started?
1) Are traditional ways of reporting now out of date?
8. The Legends - Over and over (2:50)
11. One Of These Days 9:02
Peel and cut the carrots into one inch pieces and place in a sauce pan with enough juice from the pineapple to cover the carrots. Add the sugar and crystallized ginger and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to a simmer and let the carrots cook until soft, about 20 minutes.
But I read about you and forget to get out of the house and live my life.
It may be at the bottom of the pile in the photo above but this graphic novel is right at the top of my books of the year. If you want to read a graphic novel that truly uses pictures to tell a story that words wouldn't have been able to then this book is perfect. The story of a boy using swimming to help treat curvature of the spine is all about body-language, gesture and movement. There's hardly any text and yet volumes are spoken in Vives' exquisitely drawn panels, with the underwater environment particularly well presented, you can almost smell the chlorine. Like reading a perfect short story it is enigmatic, moving and left me with a warm glow in my heart.
This evening I went to see the Frost School of Music’s production of Le nozze di Figaro (The Marriage of Figaro). I went to support a friend who was in the production but I knew I wanted to go months ago when I found out they were going to do the opera and before I knew he would be in it. I was impressed by the sheer talent that we have here at UM. I thoroughly enjoyed it. I am a fan of Mozart and love all of the music in this show. The performers in both the pit and on stage were excellent.
Fictional energy is a 6th dimensional energy source, which is directly related to probability and creativity. Fictional energy is not fully understood even at Tech Level 10, except perhaps by creatures such as the Guardians of Time and the Trickster. All storytelling and imagination utilize fictional energy, but massive uses of fictional energy to create psychic effects usually require very powerful psychics (and can create ionic discharges).
It was these words that resonated with me the most...
The brochure said the program was to help students who are blind make the transition from high school to work or futher education. Experience would be provided in how to obtain and keep employment, how to navigate the world as a blind person, and provide opportunities for socialization and group interaction. Sounds great, eh?
Same holds true the other way round. Satisfaction is gained from reaching new stages or from mastering the current stage. Stages further down are taken for granted and cannot really make you happy anymore.
* What made you think ‘I want to write for young adults?’ Is it a genre you enjoy reading?
The first verse of Philippians 3 says, “Finally my brethren rejoice in the Lord…” A person cannot rejoice until he first has experienced joy at least once. It is the repeated performance of Joy. And we “rejoice in the Lord,” not people, organizations, good grades, or anything else because we will always be let down otherwise.
Shining pure and perfect love
However, some private citizens and organizations remain skeptical. Some even believe that there is a government conspiracy because the recognition of a breeding population in the East would require the government to take additional protection measures that might conflict with the interests of economic development.
1 sample
“The teller’s exaggerating. Hippies didn’t fight; they were lovers,” replied Russell.
5. Bluest Eyes
On the inside you can decorate it in many ways.... I choose to make a pouch for a tag.... on the top I stamped and embossed in White with a Whiff of Joy background.
If you need further reassurance, it helps to see who else has used so reviled a phrase. Different to appears in E. M. Forster’s A Room With A View. MWDEU quotes Thurber, as above, using different than, alongside Thackeray and Joseph Heller among others. Michael Quinion informs us that the OED finds different than in Defoe, Coleridge, De Quincey, Goldsmith, Carlyle et al. Yes: than is more colloquial. But there’s nothing inherently wrong with it.
Mitsui Aika is still recovering from her ankle injury and Michishige Sayumi will not participate due to schedule conflicts.
The ceremony.
Then last night I got the urge to bake and went looking through the pantry and decided to make brownies. Not just any brownies though. I followed the recipe on the box and mixed it together(adding walnuts and chocolate chips). Then i scooped out a layer into my pan, with another layer left in the bowl. Then i got out my nutella and add a few spoon fulls to the middle of the mixture and topped it with the rest of the brownie mix. I baked as normal, actually a little longer and when i took the brownies out I added miniature Hershey bars, square by square to the middle of the brownies for an added gooey-ness!! YUM!
There was once a boy. The Boy had books at home, torn and tattered books but they were good books. He wasn’t looking specifically for a book when he stumbled on the library, he’s always liked the library, and he loved to just hang out there. In fact, he loved the library so much he often asked his sister to come to the library with him. The Sister was popular with all the other books, they liked her because she could give them enough attention, whether or not she understood the story. The Boy didn’t mind. He enjoyed the library and the books, it was always a nice place to be, a place to rest.
They enter the structure and quickly discover it is a makeshift home. Chekov discovers abely with the words Botany Bay and suddenly realizes where he is. The two beat a hasty retreat, but are captured by Khan and hismen.
Anyway, after downloading drivers from Epson, I did eventually get my scanner to hook up to my laptop and the printer connected without any problems. Until I go on a spending spree at the Apple Store, this will have to do. And Kevin, my IT guy, did at least manage to get the data from the hard drive before gave my old PC the last rites. I know it was only a boring PC, but I wrote all my recent books on it. I won't miss it exactly, but it was a faithful old workhorse. RIP.
Keeping the battery clean extends the life of your battery.
Your Name:
After I made these I looked through the challenges going on and do you know not one challenge is after anything like this...............wonder why..................lol
Explaining a better way to fight corruption, the former minister, who is a chieftain of the Congress for Progressive Change (CPC) said the country must reduce cash transactions “in addition to the unsuccessful ‘arrest-and-charge’ approach that we tended to focus on.” He added: “If all transactions are electronic, it will be harder for untraceable, illicit payments to be made. If Sanusi Lamido Sanusi’s efforts in cashless banking are complemented with a national ID system that can identify, monitor and audit every resident, and his or her financial transactions when a court order is obtained, it will be harder to take bribes and launder the money.”
Smith, L.W. Link, A. Cords, M. 2008. Cheek Pouch Use, Predation Risk, and Feeding Competition in Blue Monkeys (Cercopithecus mitis stuhlmanni). American Journal of Physical Anthropology 137(3): 334-341. DOI: 10.1002/ajpa.20879.
If there’s one thing I’ve learnt though, it’s that all the images you see in the media are ridiculous. You know the type; the celebrities that have had a baby two weeks previously and are back in the gym, or in a bikini on the beach being idolised for returning to a size zero so quickly. It’s dangerous, damaging, and completely unnatural.
Food aversions: Meats
All I could do was stare at her, with my jaw on the floor, and want to cry.
Musical direction by Lindolfo Gaya
Readers have you ever felt the need to apologize to your garden, home or family because you have limitations that feels like weighted chains holding you down?
What is Christ’s way with His Body-Bride apart from His grace? And are we not somehow able to point to that? And what is Christ’s way with His Body-Bride apart from His longsuffering? And are we not somehow pointing to that?
Throughout the month of May, each of us will be posting a blog giving our personal tips for and experiences with blogging, as well as publicizing and encouraging new bloggers as you start to get your feet wet.
Those founding sisters came from different circumstances—three of them were in their late teens, some were raising families, and others were single. Then and now, as women of all ages, marital statuses, and cultures, we consecrate ourselves to the cause of Christ through our service."
(TMI alert...be forewarned...)
Here's the pattern:
And millions of people like me.
The hardest part was figuring out how to steam buns without a bamboo steamer. Ultimately, I used a vegetable steamer insert in a large stock pot removing the lid as quickly as possible when steaming finished and drying it before replacing it over the next batch. This minimized condensation droplets hitting the buns and prevented unsightly blemishes. It also made me feel a bit like a magician!
It’s no secret that our members either do not read; or if they can read, they probably are not great readers. However, as they are continually getting better cell phones, it would be wonderful if they could access this application and use it on a daily basis. I personally believe that hearing God’s word builds faith. (Didn’t I read that somewhere?) I am really excited about the possibilites for these folks who have been shut out of the blessings of learning God’s Word for most of their lives.
And so it was with this Mexican food baggage that I arrived at Paparico’s, admittedly skeptical, but hungry and hoping only for something adequate. Unfortunately, adequate turned out to be the nicest word I could use to describe our experience.
A Shortage of Passengers
Jakob Magnússon and Guðmundur joined Bubbi Morthens to play in Das Kapital until 1985, then Jakob followed up with Bubbi & MX-21, and worked as a session player for several artists. In 2003 he released his first solo album, Bassajól. After playing in Das Kapital, Guðmundur withdrew from the music scene.After leaving the band, Eyþór Arnalds studied cello and continued with the band Todmobile and later joined singer Móa Julíusdóttir to form a band called Bong which achieved relative success in Iceland and England. He has released a few solo albums and then collaborated with Móa’s debut album Universal in 1998 and has worked in the Icelandic music industry as sound engineer. More recently, he got involved in politics running for mayor in the town of Árborg.Eyjólfur Jóhannsson continued playing with bands like Dá, The Wunderfoolzs, and in 2002 joined S.S.Sól. Oddur joined a heavy metal band called Foringjarnir, and he became an electrician. More recently he followed up with another band called Santiago releasing an album in 2002.
Mayall: Penis drip catchers! With knocker holders (laughs).
So I hit Google. I still haven't found that particular picture, but I found dozens of others along the way, and finally uncovered why I'm so attracted to doors and stairways. It's their potential.
The implication of this is that if the NNPC has been meticulous with the management of the 445,000 barrels of oil per day, there would not have been any need to import oil. This is because the corporation would have produced 5 million litres of oil in excess of the 35 million litres of PMS consumed daily.
The promise amidst the peril is that everyday Egyptians are invested in seeking a new vision for their nation; that, confused, they unite to resist the weight of the past; and that a handful of watchful, newly-elected political leaders are ready to stand their ground on behalf of under-represented Egyptians.
Odell Brewing Company India Barley Wine
The number that connects everything.
"Military Base 102 is a key point, Russia's outpost in the South Caucasus," a Russian military source told the newspaper. "It occupies a very important geopolitical position, but the Kremlin fears lest it should lose this situation."
Before the end of today, what would you wish to happen?
11. Ace Pear Cider - Sweet and Yummy. Grade 3 Burps.
When I downloaded the totally dark shots I lighted them with the automatic equalizer
Soon I was playing the piano for children and youth gatherings at church, and while I was convinced the guys who played guitar in the praise band were much sexier, somehow I still got all the ladies, so I decided to stick with piano.
The trailer reveals some snippets of gameplay and it is clear that players will be able to control robotic aerial drones, go horseback riding and control fighter planes.
So, I mentioned that I lost 10 lbs. since January 2. Being in my early-ish forties, I find the weight piles on faster when I'm not careful and can be downright stubborn to get rid of once its found a cozy parking spot. But I've found a recipe for shrinking safely and since I've had a few questions as to HOW I'm doing it, I thought I'd quickly summarize the 10 easy things I've been doing and not doing to shake off a bit of my holiday boom-boom.
There were several cans of food hiding in the dark recesses of this cabinet that I tossed; they were one and two years past their expiration dates. If they are only a couple of months past I'll put them to the front and use them right up, but too long over and they just don't have a good texture and taste. They won't kill you if you eat them, but they won't taste that good.
Later at night, Hang Ah got herself a date. She’d be meeting an old friend. At the train station, Hang Ah had a flashback where Ki Yoon gave her make-up and happily recalls the moment. When she finally arrived at the meeting place, everyone started to sing as she came in. Ki Yoon knelt down suddenly asking to make their relationship official. As Hang Ah was about to accept the flowers, Ki Yoon quickly stood up. As it turns out, he was just practicing for the real proposal. WHAT THE!!! Hang Ah’s eyes started to tear up as things dawn at her and decided to immediately leave. Who can possibly stand that celebration?? Poor heart..
It was a lot more time consuming that I had thought (so many little pieces!), but I am so glad we got them made and mailed on time for her party this Saturday. Even though we can’t be with her on that day, I hope we helped to make it special for such a sweet girl. Happy third birthday, Finny! We love you!
. . . We agree with the PTO’s current position. Section 303’s language and legislative history, as well as the differences between the two proceedings, lead us to conclude that Congress did not intend a prior court judgment upholding the validity of a claim to prevent the PTO from finding a substantial new question of validity regarding an issue that has never been considered by the PTO. To hold otherwise would allow a civil litigant’s failure to overcome the statutory presumption of validity to thwart Congress’ purpose of allowing for a reexamination procedure to correct examiner errors, without which the presumption of validity never would have arisen. See Patlex, 758 F.2d at 604 ("A defectively examined and therefore erroneously granted patent must yield to the reasonable Congressional purpose of facilitating the correction of governmental mistakes."). . . .
CR:The death of a parent, in whatever circumstances, is very traumatic. My father died when I was twelve. He died very suddenly and the shock was so great, and my mother’s grief so profound, that no-one would talk about his death. He just disappeared from our lives. This obviously had a deep and profound affect on me and his death was from natural causes. I can only speculate about how deeply affecting a parent’s death by suicide would be.
Y’all, is Kelly Rippa okay? Because I had the most realistic dream last night that she took a flying cell phone to the noggin and bought the farm right there. Regis was taking it really hard at the press conference. So sad. I could swear it was true, but the night before last, I had a dream in which three different mermaids (three!) told me I was pregnant, so, grain of salt and all that.
According to the latest Pulse Asia survey, Vice President Binay is the most trusted among top government officials. Eighty-six percent of Filipinos trust him. The remaining 14 percent were not able to receive his text blasts.
STRIVE TO STIR UP A CONVERSATION, NOT ANSWER A QUESTION. My favorite Rob Bell quote was from years ago, but he touched on it again this week. It is this: "The problem with most preaching today is that when it's done, it's done." In other words, if your sermon ties up all kinds of loose ends and gives people 4 steps to do, you end up with not much movement. But if you leave people saying, "Wait a second. What about.... ? and If this is true, then what does this mean for....?" Then you've done your job well and it will change the conversation at lunch and likely a life on Monday.
This seems like a great way to help the Concord PD, as well as ourselves, by eliminating the need to use the PD's resources that could well be used to protect us from more pressing crimes. I myself plan to use this the next time rather than call in with the information, AND you get a printed report for your files.
Cheating God!
These are what you must empty, before you can get to the good ‘Redemption’ stuff!
I have a small collection of card blanks with patterns printed on them. Until now, I haven’t really figured out what to do with them, but the other day, I needed to make some quick thank-you cards and having the pre-printed backgrounds really saved me some time.
The papers are Heidi Grace, doily from Poppy's Cabin, lush white satin ribbon is from a little craft shop in Stonehaven, buttons from my stash and the pretty crotchet flowers and embroidered butterfly are from Little Snippets.
First off, this is the best pancake recipe ever...it's Daddy's. Secondly, pancakes really ended up being a good toddler sous chef dish...until it came time to cook them on the hot griddle...had a few squeals until Miss Sous Chef was distracted enough not to care!
Bill Ball
Micha, my Micha, and everything hurt so much
“You know the kid with Downs?”
“…An average of seventy-four species become extinct every day, which was one good reason but not the only one to hold someone’s hand.”
MOM: It’s gonna come back up.
A spokesman for Mr Johnson said yesterday: ‘This is yet another example of Ken Livingstone’s hypocrisy. ‘Now we learn that while campaigning as a defender of the NHS he uses private healthcare.’
06. Davey Crockett meets the Mars Man (2:28)
The party will hold a series of debates over the coming weeks to discuss the matter. Members will then vote at a meeting that will require a two-thirds majority to rewrite the constitution.
With this new age, I realized that there’s a lot of things that I didn’t do, or had promised to, but never did.
Now, we took very aggressive steps when I first came into office to yank the economy out of a potential Great Depression and stabilize it. And we were largely successful in stabilizing it. But we stabilized it at a level where unemployment is still too high and the economy is not growing fast enough to make up for all the jobs that were lost before I took office and the few months after I took office.
One of the worst sights to see in an evening's dancing? That expression on a woman's face when she realises she's committed herself to ten minutes of pain / drudgery / terror / despair. The expression, over the shoulder of someone who is doubtless oblivious to it, a cry for help that's unlikely to come.
The lord of time and space is dead. His cracked skull of solid gold with ruby eyes and square cut diamond teeth lies in the dust. Picking up the skull, it is heavier than it should be. The invisible weight of immortal malevolence drapes the skull like a shroud. It is pocketed it for its value.
Steak (top round), boiled new potatoes (with parsley and butter), green beans
AC ... applicable armors/clothing to achieve that AC
We get there and I get Ashlin into the stroller, then get Teagan out. And she was pretty good. She didn’t run too far ahead while I pushed Ashlin, she dropped the garbage that she picked up and wanted to throw out.
Still, if anyone can think of anything brilliant about my impending move back to the UK, that I have missed please let me know. I could use a few more things on that list. Everyone else I know has returned mentions the Peak District. God help me, I never set foot in it before, it's not really my bag, but if that's all there is then I guess I'll need to get me some walking boots & get out there. By the sounds of it the place must be jumping with sad repatriates, so maybe that's a good way to meet like-minded people!
This is not a “diet” recipe, nor would it be sanctioned by Julia Child. But we go back to it again and again because it’s just so good and it’s so easy for me to make on those afternoons when a 3pm naptime provides me a half hour of prep and then nothing more. The advantages of short, early prep and a long simmer time make it great for uncertain dinner hours. The freezing capability makes it worth doing a double recipe and keeping it for the crazy nights when nobody has time for food prep.
under the hooves of the white buffalo.
6 kiwis, sliced
I think I've found that perfect mix in these bar cookies. They melt in your mouth, but they're heavy on butterscotch, nuts, and coconut. Restaurants normally don't try to kill you with white chocolate. But, if they did, they'd do it with this dessert.
remember This Sessions goes right through January st 1 2012!
“Some students come from nothing or trouble parts of the world, they feel that they need to be strong and they don’t seek out help,” said Trivedi.
Plot: girl gets put into a deep sleep so that impotent old men can look at her naked in bed.
and I gentle being that I have been want to take him and cut him into little pieces.
I know as soon as I post this I'm going to remember someone I forgot. So if you're thinking "why am I not on this list?!" it's because I'm a ditz and I lost my first draft of this but you're still appreciated!
North Hollywood, California 91601-2919
instead, he handed himself over to the one who judges justly.
During the first quarter of 2012 my world was ripped asunder by four major temblors followed by too-many-to-count aftershocks. Emotionally I was numb yet pained. I didn’t want to hear any more bad news or problems. I was tired of death and disasters. I wanted to lick my wounds privately and turn my back on everyday social intercourse. And so I did. I stopped checking all messages, emails, twitters, texts, and calls.
None of us can help everyone. But each one of us can help someone. Who can you help today? Instead of driving down 1st Avenue and turning your head, look in the direction of the needy. See what they may be needing. See them through Jesus' eyes. You know, He loves them just as much as He loves you and me. Which neighbor can you lend a hand to? Does a co-worker need some encouragement? We could always use some help at Mission of Hope.
As part of this initiative, EasyJet Holidays want me to nominate 5 people to write their own travel inspirations. I’m going to nominate my girlfriend, Katrina, as this might make her start the blog she keeps saying she will do. I’m also going to nominate a friend, Hazell, who’s been writing this blog over the past year or so.
- 10″ x 11″,25.3 x 28 cm
How many times a day a fresh face cleans up the mirrors so they stay spotless not staining the reflecting image..I hadn’t realized I was not paying attention to any mirrors,just passing by them quickly looking usually the other way.I hadn’t realized how many years had gone by until a unsuspected moment of the day I discovered a couple of old photos.Me smiling,me with friends,me careless,me with more flesh and life in me than what I have right now…………………………………………………………………….. blabla blaaaaaaa
what is good, is how, they suck on me.
I have to say that when I first saw all those subway art printables a while back, I thought it was just boring and not cute enough to even put in a frame...I'm a convert now. I can't get enough of any of them, the more colors, the happier I am! It seriously borders on a neurosis, I have to get them all! So, below is a list of some of the V-day ones.
Dye ink:Spun Sugar, Antique linen, Tea dye-Ranger, Rich Cocoa-Tsukineko
Would you have bought that?
When I first started reading, the physical body was nowhere near in the light field it is today. The emotional body was often heavy with issues and worries. The redirects from a person’s spiritual team came often and daily.
Many years ago when I left the military and was at Texas Tech studying advertising and business, the drinking age had recently jumped up from eighteen to nineteen, with the promise of jumping up to twenty-one in a year or so.
They spent the winter making notes, prepping for the trip back east, and losing their ever-loving minds. Why? Let's take a journal sample from our spelling champ, Clark:
Cash requirements, make an online purchase.
Nana Grizol - Ruth (orange twin)
I play Archie, the vegan schoolteacher. He’s a naïve, smart, good-hearted guy who makes one bad decision – to kill people to fuel his car – and his life spirals out of control as a result. Archie lives in a rather sheltered world, much like the kids he teaches, and when he’s thrust into the limelight because of his Blood Car, he’s not really prepared to deal with it. Of course, by the end of the film, Archie and his students all come of age, some tragically.
Every single day is a brand new day. One day can be horrible and rotten and the next full of hope and promise.
Today was a very busy day at work, but it was impossible after having seen the news breaking at lunchtime not to keep the headphones in and Sky News quietly keeping me up to date with the goings on of a rather eventful day in politics.
"We've all been crying about this," she said. "Nobody should be left alone like that."
Me: It is fine.
Jesus answered, “Amen, amen, I say to you, no one can enter the kingdom of God without being born of water and Spirit. What is born of flesh is flesh and what is born of spirit is spirit.
Teaching/Learning System
I have my own caseworker now.
The music is highly percussive, often sacrificing melody in favor of CHUG, with a dual low growl/high shriek vocal attack and blasting drumming. At times, the music is gorgeous, thanks to some smooth, eerie synth pads and a few melodic guitar solos here and there. This can best be noticed on tracks like The Glass Side, with its brooding background atmospherics, and Numerical Scheme, which features one of the most beautiful intros I've ever heard before collapsing into spastic, brutal riffing and chaotic vocal delivery. Other songs, like Punisher or Winter Is Coming Soon, are straight-up bone breakers and should do a decent job of crushing your spine under a fuckton of metal.
We need to maintain a balance of both of these attributes in our lives. Din without chesed can turn into cruelty. Chesed without din can be distorted. Chassidut teaches that this is the connection between right and left, water and fire. Water is chesed, fire is din. Water gives life, fire destroys. Yet the world needs both to exist. Right is chesed, left is din. The right side is stronger than the left. We need more chesed than din.
The shadows start to play.
Executions without trial were common place, Franco had the support of the aristocracy,the army, the landlords, the bankers, and the Church hierararchy and a clique of corrupt politicians went over to the conspirators the rest backed the Republic.The left wing of the popular front was determined to resist the Generals and resolved to distribute arms and weapons to newly formed militias. By the morning of 19th July truckloads of rifles from the Ministry of War were on their way to the headquarters of the Socialist and Anarchist trade unions for distribution to their members. A few weeks later a government emerged more than capable of defending the Republic against the Generals. It was the first Republican Government to have full Socialist, Communist and Anarchist support. However Franco had both Italian and German fascist support, with their finance and intervention. The fascists defended a common view of the past, while the republican coalition though, had widely different visions of the future.
the Mets 13-4 on the back of John Paciorek amazing debut maybe the best
Here're some pictures of the hotel I stayed, which was awesome. The bathroom was huge for one really, and I had a sofa area which was beautiful.
Since announcing his return to coach Hart at US Nationals, Wariner has been M.I.A., apparently getting back to basics with his old coach in an attempt to regain his throne - a throne that Merritt clearly has no intent on giving up without a fight! They have yet to meet head to head this year so Berlin will be their "OK Corral"!
Before you plan it, decorate it, use it, operate in it, buy it, get measured for it, sketch it, rent the space, enlist the help, create the flyer, open the social media accounts, expand it, restrict it, share it…make sure you embrace and make room for wisdom.
Your thumb can’t control your little finger but they have the identity of the hand. You can’t control other beings but you are all that One Being.
Saturday night I went to the Temple St. night market again. I wanted to go again because this time around I felt more prepared to actually bargain with the sellers. Well kind of… It was fun and it was quite the learning experience. I think I did come away with a few good deals, but there were a few that I think I should have bargained harder for. One thing I learned though, is that I really should have walked through the entire market before I bought anything. Many of the stalls were selling the same things, so I probably could have gotten some better prices if I’d shopped around a bit more.
Sallmén M, Baird DD, Hoppin JA, Blair A, Sandler DP. Fertility and exposure to solvents among families in the Agricultural Health Study. Occup Environ Med 2006 ; 63 : 469-475.
Inge was designated for reassignment last year, remember? When he came back, he surprisingly contributed significantly to the Tigers in September and during the postseason.
Sometimes for the better, most for the worse it seems.
That we have any comic shops remaining at all is a blessing, far as I’m concerned. As I understand it, more than a few major American cities (not just small towns) are now without benefit of brick-’n'-mortar service. Despite what some six-year-old Google results claim to the contrary, such shops are nearing endangered-species status. I’m sure the Internet reaches those lost, diehard souls just fine and the digital revolution has brought comfort and supplies, but I’m not convinced it replaces the physical community, or the leisure and surprises to be found in shelf-browsing.
Need some fun ideas for wrapping your presents this Christmas? Grab a gift and a friend and come to Pickwick House on December 7th for a Chic Gift Wrapping Party. Arrive at 6 p.m. for cocktails and conversation and stay till 7:30, leaving with a perfectly wrapped gift to place under your tree. Cost is $15. Wrapping paper, ribbons, sequins, and glitter will be provided!!
He asks the Italian, "Why didn't you sweep any of it?"
I have supply lists today:
In the afternoon, we're getting together with a gaming group made up of folks from church. How cool is this: the other day I emailed my former advisor from school, who is also a good friend and goes to my church, and asked if she wanted to go out for a cocktail after work. She couldn't because her daughter had a friend over, but invited me over there and I went. It was great to catch up with her and her husband, and they mentioned they were in this gaming group. I got an invite, and they do something most Sundays, so we're heading over there for a couple of hours in the afternoon. I've wanted to socialize more with people from church, but the family stuff seems to be couply stuff, so I haven't done much there. This will be a little different setting and I'm really looking forward to it.
Merrell: This is a stupid conversation.
At this time add more of the salt and the crushed, black pepper.
My life is dedicated to communicating this truth, and I run into all sorts of roadblocks and excuses. Japanese are most likely to fail to understand the need for salvation in the first place, and Americans are most likely to think that if they say the right words, it doesn’t matter how they live. Neither attitude leads to life, as today’s verse makes very clear. I cannot force this truth into anyone’s heart and mind, but I can be available to the Holy Spirit to speak that truth in love so that people may be brought to repentance and true faith. I am not to give up on anyone, though I am tempted at times! I am to remember God’s incredible patience toward me, and exercise that same patience toward others. However, that doesn’t mean I should fail to speak the truth to them, to make the necessity of salvation through Christ very clear. Such failure would certainly not be love! I must be willing to risk their rejecting me for the chance that they might stop rejecting Christ.
And this one will NOT be in Latin!
His summary shows that the ANC-government ties its voters to its apron-strings with a constantly-expanding, bloated network of welfare grants, free healthcare, free housing, free water, free electricity and free food handouts– and no-one has to do a day’s work for it : indeed its electorate is living in such a constant state of ‘entitlement’ that they even refuse to pay their utility bills.
Ha, all my outfits have been pretty lame lately. Haven't been feeling too fab, and there's really no point fancying-up for three hours of oil painting every other day, right? So, here's my first attempt at a "feature"...or at least a fill-in. :'D
Rogue public house
Jesus wanted disciples not people who were “event” driven. Jesus wanted people to understand the cost of following Him. At the peak of His popularity Jesus isolated Himself with a polarizing declaration that He was the Bread of Life and no one could come to God but through Him. These people had come to Jesus because they had eaten some great bread and had a wonderful experience but they were not ready to follow Him into the hardship of discipleship. Many of them left Him that day.
I know there was one. “When do I start?” Then the bell rang.
Eric’s father was in the stands with his camera and captured the amazing reaction.
I try to learn from these poor choices and mistakes
Next subject is Gamification by Gabe Zichermann on Innovation and the future. His story starts with “The new normal” where he speaks about 12 years old kids who are able to land a plane.Fluid intelligence (gF) is the term for this. Gf is the ability to problem solving in situations we don’t know.
And no, you don’t get any reward for it. Not even XP.
caressing the soft pillow cases and sheets
Broccoli, red pepper, roasted asparagus, onion, mushroom, quinoa, radishes, peanuts, raisins, and cilantro. A kiss of olive oil and a soupçon of soy sauce. (Soy sauce! I would never have thought of that.)
Playing with the new camera, still have a long way to go! But while I was out, I got some good pictures of our place, blooming wild from the late winter rains. (Praying for some late spring rains now, so we don't have a summer like last year!)
Liberty Old Glory
“So why is Tigerli with you?”
The crisp coating outside with tender and juicy meat inside, ummmmm.... For some reason I was craving this Tonkatsu the other night. Don't you just hate that the thought of food coming to your mind when you are ready to go to bed?... Of course, when the sun rise on the east next morning I drove to my handy-dandy Korean market to get the supplies. :p
But I like to keep you on your toes.
Upcoming singer Izzy Rahman has unveiled the cover for his debut single Away on his Twitter page this evening.
Marah – Doors open at 8:00 p.m. - The Mohawk Place
An insect
Let’s take a look at the Packers 2012 draft class:
According to a news report, a certain private school in Washington D.C. was recently faced with a unique problem.
 All the race mixing and dilution via non-White immigration will dramatically reduce the White population percentage to that of just another minority. And that steadily progressing genocide of our people will get rid of their greatest perceived threat – a unified, racially aware, and proud White majority.
Police spokesperson Jan Sepato did not want to release the name of the man, as all of his next of kin had not yet been informed.
From the Founder's web site:
"Whoa," she said. "Of all the places in all the world..."
Has anyone else noticed this? Or is it just me?
The janitor asks if Natalie is okay, and offers her his jacket. When she turns around to fetch it, she sees that it's the same style of jacket that the killer wears. Geez, this is the 3rd or 4th character in this thing that wears that jacket! Was there a sale or something at Burlington Coat Factory???
Glory be to the Father, and to the Son : and to the Holy Ghost; As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be : world without end. Amen.
And speaking of consuming words — I took the total number of comments people left for my Blogmania giveaway, went to random.org and had them pick a number. The winner was the person who left the 177th comment — Wanda Hughes. Lucky Wanda will be consuming a great number of words — there are about 88,000 in Daughter Am I, though I did put it on a diet and got rid of at least 5,000 superfluous words during the final editing. Happy consumption, Wanda!
A month ago you were brighter, but already retelling your story every time I passed you in your vase.
Once again, therefore, the hang-up is this pitiful sum, which says that there is no serious intent to solve Greece's problems. This piece of meat is being hurled off the sledge to the wolves.
“Mourinho says Cristiano Ronaldo should win the Ballon d’Or this year rather than Messi? There will be a day that Messi won’t win it, but he’s been brilliant this season.”
I’ve been making honest attempts at finding true love for a few years now. I guess that is what happens when you notice your once bony,protruding hip-bones slowly melting away into an ever-growing muffin top. I’m growing older and rounder, getting trashed on more acceptable alcoholic beverages, and paying more to complete all of these tasks. I’d hate to back track here from good old Jop, seeing how he is the most recent skid mark in my past, but I’d be doing a disservice by depriving the blog world of a few rare gems I was unlucky enough find.
The man singled out Helen Zille as among those who should be killed.
I imagine how we who hold a certain degree of admiration for Nietzsche’s usually sharp analytic mind are by now feeling a clear sense of embarrassment for the philosopher’s strenuous desire to convince us of this simplistic and one-dimensional portrait he is drawing of female psychology. Some Nietzscheans might try to soften the impression by pointing to the quasi-preface Nietzsche himself provides before stating his case against the feminine sex; where he seems to claim that his musings on womanhood are to be primarily understood as just his subjective opinion on the matter:
Stretching
It really was so easy to make and makes a perfect gift for tea lovers or even someone who is sick I think im either going to give mine to my Mam for Mother's Day or my Nana as she loves her tea :) I unfortunately don't like tea or coffee my weakness is Diet Coke I live on the stuff I know im so naughty lol.
in 2010 i am grateful for....
“Love you to Dad, I’ll call you”.
Here are some samples of their works:
Some are hard to convince. In verse 39,
I never bought snow clothes for the girls this year, but we had some old ones in our cabin that used to be my nieces, so my girls are rocking snow outfits circa the late 90's.
In the universe of "Pleasantville", a black-and-white Fifties sitcom, life is... pleasant. The high school basketball team never misses a shot, nothing ever catches on fire (consequently, the firemen only rescue cats stuck in trees), husband and wives sleep in separate beds, high school sweethearts go no further than holding hands and getting 'pinned', and everything is in varying shades of gray!!!!
I was fortunate to have a Mother who taught me valuable lessons that have stayed with me throughout my life. She taught me that love and respect above all meant more to her than all the riches offered. She appreciated the little clay bear and ashtray I made in school more than the most expensive gifts that others gave on such occasions. For Mom, she could feel the love that went into the molding and sculpting of that little bear. She felt my thinking of her as I applied the colors to that lumpy ashtray.
Dear Sirs and Madames:
QUESTIONS have been raised over a massive loan made by the Land Bank to fund a BEE purchase with lofty political connections at a time when rural community projects were battling to get access to funds.
In today's global village, national coffers are more interconnected than ever before. And as the current economic crisis has proven, a downturn in one country can travel in a wave across the globe, like a financial tsunami. Now, researchers from Tel Aviv University, in collaboration with the Kiel Institute of World Economy in Germany, have developed a market "seismograph" — a new methodology that measures the interconnections between stock markets across the globe. It has the potential to serve as an early warning system and provide measures to manage and mitigate the spread of financial crisis.
My answer would be yes though this book is hard going at times. If you have read Tom Wolfe then you will be familiar with the territory, layers of satire, loosely veiled characters in caricature scenarios but also some real people giving a voice to a world that is disappearing under the landslide of agnostic consumerism.
From this recent full moon to the next, on June 4, there is an inter-dimensional gateway open and energizing the power of our intentions exponentially. But just like all portals, this power is neutral. It is our conscious use of this power that molds our miracles into form. For this reason, we are being called to fully utilize this Now-moment awareness to create heaven on earth.
All went well until we got to Brecon bus station. Seeing us looking bemused (there was no sign of the 60-60 bus) another passenger pointed us in the direction of the T4, which I'd never heard of. He was on his way to Merthyr, and recommended it - and when we looked at the timetable with another passenger it looked as if there would be plenty of time for us to get back for the last bus home....
This recipe lacks the traditional sweet and sour mix. Instead, the sweet and sour is a blend of fresh squeezed lemon and lime juices, with simple syrup.
Last scent of fresh rain.
Last night I got to celebrate the 1 year anniversary of meeting the man of my dreams ... then meeting his beautiful husband (that's my shout out to Alanis who has a new album coming out!). Sadly my darling bartender had the night off, so I had to drink my water alone in his honor. Oh the gossip - the gossip was dished, and crazy enough that is what helped me get this big weight off my shoulders! (Dirty little secret no more!) And best of all - I wasn't even there to participate in it. I was down the bar talking to a charming fellow instead. Yep. So things are turning around! I shed not a single tear today. I smiled all day instead! Halle-freaking-lujah!!
The Design Team have made some wonderful cards for your inspiration this week and Ann has even made two for you.
Table 1: German Exchange Rate EUR-US$ (Annual Average), 2006–2011
The Wiltern
What was the last book you've read and been recommending to everyone? Hunger Games—both the book and movie were great.
There is a lot more in the Silver piece if you really want to read a good critique of faulty methodology, but you get the point.
Which brings me in a roundabout way to my point, the ‘others’ , those that ‘hear no music’. It is often said a distinguishing feature of sociopaths is their lack of empathy. They lack empathy because they do not feel the way we do, they don't take pleasure in a good cup of coffee or the sound of children playing and so on and so on.
Corey Burris, St. Petersburg/Gibbs Campus, is a December 2011 graduate and former Marine combat veteran.
"Hello Michael and Katie.
As I research, I take extensive notes and begin to formulate the book’s structure. I’m looking for that child-friendly angle and developing a narrative thread for my story. If it’s a book for which I’ll be providing images, I’m doing illustration research at the same time.
Ladies and gentlemen! I present to you the talented Daniela Romo, singing her hit song “Yo no te pido la luna”.
The menu features many varieties of fare and does change weekly thanks to the Grill using many different types of foods based on season. A signature menu item that certainly gets your meal off on the right foot is the delicious flatbreads, which I highly recommend. A variety of sushi offerings also begins the menu. First and main courses vary, but expect an innovative mix of American-infused combinations as well as a twist on your traditional soups and salads, chicken, fish and beef.
- The dog who keeps watch.
It isn't an exact replica, and has a slight eggy aftertaste - but for me the good points definitely outweigh the bad. The bread has a good consistency, and is very moist & yummy. Not to mention it's a quick & easy way to make a single serving. I will make this again for sure!
and the life you ought to be
Learned: I need to be a creative with the camera on Etsy to be noticed.
Walker, face of shaving cream, got in the shower with him, and washed him off as well as he could.
My final choice is a British musician, Andy Sheppared. One of the shops in Edinburgh where I bought various jazz CDs was an ECM supplier. After my weekly browse one week the guy at the desk recommended
Let’s take that further. Imagine I describe someone’s lips as “fire engine red”. What do you think of when you think of fire engines? They are red, big, noisy, and represent danger, glamour, bravery. So, if we say “her lips were fireengine red”, we’re adding those meanings to the reader’s mind, hinting that she may also be loud, dangerous or glamorous. But supposing I say that her lips were not fire-engine red but “strawberry red”. Strawberries are small, sweet, strawberry-shaped, and so those are suddenly the things the reader will attach to that woman’s character. Try the same with “letter-box red”.
The nose smells of currants and caramelised sugar - molasses some coffee and roasted malt.
The properties of a thing are effects on other "things": if one removes other "things," then a thing has no properties, i.e., there is no thing without other things, i.e., there is no "thing-in-itself."
Punch butterflies. Add sparkle with Smooch Glitz and attach to layout. Add small butterfly stickers.
So I will believe. For this is the “work of God”, is it not? To believe. ( John 6:29 ) And just think... as I sit and type, He is actively caring for my sleeping ones here in our home and their little sister on the other side of the world. All at the same time. Let the strivings of Supermom cease. There is someone far more capable.
The main task of the HRA is to incorporate the European Convention on Human Rights into UK law. This is a condition of accession to the EU - all new member states must sign up for it. The HRA can be used against any public body, and section 3 provides that all legislation of the UK must be drafted and interpreted with the HRA in mind to make sure it complies - the UK can face sanctions from the ECtHR if it fails to re-do legislation that it has been advised does not comply - see prisoner voting.
Brows - Peggy Sage eye shadow
I have to say, this is the first time I have seen James Murdoch giving ‘evidence’ without using the phrase ‘zero tolerance policy’, so perhaps things are looking up. But I am still unable to grasp why the British policing and legal system hasn’t yet decided to feel Murdoch the Younger’s Brooks Brothers collar. Much as I admire Tom Watson’s thoroughness, the fact that he had to resort to using words like ‘mafia’ to get a reaction out of Lewis Murdoch is really a reflection of the fact that we’re watching a panel of amateurs trying to catch a grinning snake. The frustration is beginning to show through: young Jimbo is taking the piss, and it’s time the proper forces of law and order took over.
Before long I am chugging out of the grimy greyness of London into the lush green grasses of the countryside. I give up the book I am reading to watch the cows and sheep flash past - it's been a while since I ventured this far out of the city!
But then, I come from a family who brought me up to think of others, to help people who needed help. My grandparents did supported lodgings for all kinds of people, I'm not sure exactly who they were, or where they were from, but mostly there was a string of men they supported, drinkers, addicts mostly I think. It was just normal for me growing up, something I never questioned.
Throughout the twentieth century, investment in scientific research proved to be a winning bet on the grand scale; it won wars, made fortunes, and laid the groundwork for today’s high-tech world. It’s a common belief these days that more of the same will yield more of the same—that more scentific research will make it possible to fix the world’s energy problems and, just maybe, its other problems as well. Popular as that view is, there’s good reason to doubt it.
Chief Minister Taib Mahmud’s type of politics and money thrives very well in Sarawak, where he has willing ‘partners’ – the ignorant rural poor who are in dire need for hard cash, his bumiputera-party politicians and cronies and national-level Umno top brass who are mega spenders.
Yours, in shorts and t-shirt,
could they look more bored?
This is now the second pumpkin recipe I've posted and I'm sure it won't be the last. I've pinned quite a few pumpkin recipes. = ) Here's the link to my Pumpkin Spice Cake. It's really tasty too and got rave reviews.
After I get some stuff put away I can't wait to show you some new fall and Halloween projects.
I am trying to stop multi-tasking when interacting with my children. No more surfing the web while half-watching them play a game, no more watching TV while they're trying to talk to me. One child (or two, or three, or whatever), one adult, one focus, one connection. I owe them that and so much more.
So I was approached via email by Jennifer from Eshakti and asked if I would like to review their products. If you haven't heard of Eshakti you're missing out. They are a clothing company that allows you to customize their clothing to fit your style, standards and sizes! Being 5'9" busty and thin (aside from this mongrel growing in my tummy) and holding certain modesty standards I was beyond excited when I first found their site!
fresh mozzarella
(Pause, pause, pause. Here is the internal struggle with answering this email. Men are idiots. Did this guy accidentally contact me because he didn't recognize my new picture, or because he's offering an olive branch, or because him standing me up didn't even make a blip on his radar? Hmmmm...)
After doing the pockets, which can be found in a previous post, I had some round bars of Italian milled soap and decided to create a pocket for those as well.
So, I'm gettin' nuttin' for Christmas
Feeling troubled and wanting to give myself more of a kickstart on the job front, Nate and I decided to go buy me some “australia” clothing. Fashion here is so incredibly different that im at a total loss as to how i can even fit in let alone be a step ahead. everyone here tends to dress like they walked off some catwalk in europe. This just led to even more shock and dissapointment to discover that here in Australia my petite 120lb frame is a size 10. talk about a blow to the ego when all the clothing here for my agegroup is made for anorexic women with big knockers. after spending hours trying on clothing and feeling like a semi deflated pear (round bottom and shirts tailored for D cups+) we finally gave up at the nice fashion places and headed into the underground mall.
18 George Garanian with the Melodiya Jazz Ensemble - The Big Search
Today we are bringing you School Pinkette Chloe
“You don’t have to pull him out of work,” I inserted because I knew Dad had used all his vacation time for the year.
Needless to say, I emailed Karin (aka niraky) with suggestions for what I was thinking would work on the first Broken cover, and got a quote. Now I have to save up the money required for her talented work, and get the first book POD ready.
The Instant Trainer Leash comes in two sizes, for dogs under 30 lbs (5 foot long) , and for dogs over 30 lbs (6foot long).
DJ Dlux proudly presents the ‘WE PLAY MUSIC live’ radio show, a new and original concept in Urban Radio Culture. Showcasing a handpicked selection of artists and bands from the UK, with each performance being BROADCASTED LIVE from the venue and streamed via Deja Vu fm & VUTV. The WPM Live Radio Show is a pioneering & powerful new way to experience live music & radio. After the successful launch, WPM Live now takes place the last SUNDAY of every month from QUEEN OF HOXTON.
Other goodies include: an Environmental Technology Zone, with the resulting growth in business rate income going to the Local Enterprise Partnership (LEP) and five Mayoral Development Zones; a Mayoral Investment Board to oversee the city’s economic and housing strategy; and a Secondary School Investment Plan to build 12 new secondary schools.
still better to be on top of the situation instead of
When lost in life's tenuous maze,
As Simone Russell strokes a dark curl from her daughter’s brow, she also remembers the infidelity of a young man locked in a reluctant marriage; the fights, the tears. What was a wonderful beginning, soon soured with post-natal depression and post-coital suspicion. She barely shed a tear when he was killed, taking a corner too fast on a motorcycle too powerful. Besides, she had Jasmine, the product of a once delicious embrace gone sour. But even she, is a handful lately. Being a single parent is not all it’s
Potential Insights: Showcases the perceived individual change and improvement in various fields like character, athletics and relationships to other people (professional, socially etc.).
Plus, baseball is finding it’s groove around this time (too bad Albert Pujols hasn’t). By the way, Matt Kemp is a monster. If he even remotely produces like this for the rest of the season, he’ll be a frontrunner for the MVP race.
Kazel Kinouchi
We thus arrive at a conception of the relation of science to religion very different from the usual one. When one views the matter historically, one is inclined to look upon science and religion as irreconcilable antagonists, and for a very obvious reason. The man who is thoroughly convinced of the universal operation of the law of causation cannot for a moment entertain the idea of a being who interferes in the course of events – provided, of course, that he takes the hypothesis of causality really seriously.
Unfortunately, there is no simple answer to this question, and I’m going to use “running” as an example of high-impact exercise in this article.
I started the process with the iBookstore in early November. It is now almost March and I've gotten nowhere. It took months to get it "approved" for publication. Now I am in a tangled web of insanity with their amazingly unhelpful "iBookstore Team" to get it uploaded.
Barbara Thornton, an education specialist and consultant on Timor-Leste’s mother-tongue project on behalf of the World Bank, said current language policies carry the risk of “entrenching class differences”.
In addition to performing her popular hits “Can’t Cry Anymore” and “Everyday is a Winding Road,” as well as singles from her latest release Detours; “Out of Our Heads,” “Gasoline,” and “Motivation,” Sheryl will sit down with host Lynn Hoffman for an in-depth interview on how she got her start writing jingles for McDonalds and singing back up for Michael Jackson, and ended up as nine-time Grammy Award-winning musician. This exciting on-location episode will also shed some light on how she has used her free-spirited music as a platform for the environmental, political and social causes she advocates.
I don’t think I have written about this type of music before, but I’d like to share this song that
Through the wild cathedral evening the rain unraveled tales
Madeline Mora-Summonte at The Shellshank Redemption is having a Motivational Month of April during the A to Z Challenge. Be sure to stop by. As I write this she's almost at 100 followers--maybe we can break through that number today.
The flavors, aromas and texture are especially beautiful and unique. It is highly perishable and must be consumed the same day so plan accordingly!
I stitched my TAST for the week and posted it, plus I've worked in bits and pieces on my Embroider, Embellish and Create piece. I really want to clean out my craft/computer room but I guess it will wait until next week. And I need to prepare a bobbin lace project! Hmmmm...maybe I've got too much going on?
Phase 5) Win all the contracts
A) Choose a (any) religion freely
I am sure my brothers were working hard on the brewery building the whole time I was doing research (eating rich boudin and drinking way too much beer) for this blog post. It's looking like they are nearly halfway done. I'll repay them with some ice cold beer and hot boudin eggrolls this coming weekend.
Oh, no, I thought. Dear God please do not tell us we have to go to a graveyard. I will absolutely not go to a graveyard to purloin dirt. No. Nothing doing. No way.
I would complain some more about how much I hate this whole “Ichigo gets his ass kicked and then suddenly goes Super-Saiyan” trope that is quickly becoming the heart of the fighting scenes of this series (seriously, he’s like Vegeta. He gets the hell knocked out of him until he just explodes on everyone. Well, Vegeta meets Goku), but that whole moment where he tapped into his power again led to him getting completely annihilated so I’ll let it slide. Bleach is great about doing this one thing very well. Ichigo became uber-powerful and destroyed the Menos Grande (well injured it and made it retreat anyways). So, when he started to “no sell” Renji’s attacks and just obliterate Renji’s defenses, you just assumed that’s how that scene was going to end. He was going to fight off these shinigami for now. And then Byakuya stepped in and it wasn’t even a fight. I’ve got to give it to Tite Kubo to have Ichigo just completely “job” a fight like that (sorry for all of the pro wrestling terminology here) to Byakuya. It wasn’t even a fight. Byakuya just destroyed Ichigo. In Dragon Ball Z, there were fights where the lower-level Z fighters would just eviscerated, but it almost never happened where the the Saiyans didn’t even at least put up a fight before losing. So, I like that I know there will be plenty of fights where Ichigo just doesn’t stand a chance.
The best resource we found is The Unofficial Guide to Disneyland. The book details every aspect of the park and even has plans outlining which attractions you should visit in what order and when to get fast passes for the more popular rides. There are one- and two-day plans that direct you against the flow of traffic and guarantee to have you waiting in line 2.6 hours less than people who just wander. However, because we visited in April, we found that wandering worked out just fine. We rode almost everything twice without waiting more than ten minutes in any line.
I should have tried one with a bit more colour in – to me, this photo is missing some reds – but I like the shallow depth of field. Once out in the open again, it was hard to ignore the blue skies (which looked better now we’d changed direction) and the various burgeoning signs of spring.
Today there was another fight. The BF wanted to get us out of the house because LW was mad at him for eating her (only) bread for today. He didn’t ask, he didn’t think, he just took it. It’s not the first time that when he is mad he yells that he will throw us out. Well actually, I couldn’t care less… but it’s LW who is hurt so much by this. They bought the house together but he does not want to buy her out. We will see he said. That’s so unfair… why should she leave and get nothing while he keeps all the stuff and the house… Not that I want the house… it’s cold and all the things he changed in the house for their “benefits” which he NEVER finished… it’s just a house but well, I think it’s more a project than a house. an unfinished one. For example: we didn’t have hot water for ages because he knows something to get hot water cheaper. We had to boil water to do the dishes. Well we have a dishwasher but first you have to wash the dishes before you put it in the dishwasher. Do you understand? Because I don’t.
have no further care.
In Denmark, as in all European countries, intelligence services had been monitoring the activists of Islamists for many years. However, an alarming spike in Islamist infiltration and activity was clearly visible during the Seven Month Calm.
The premises in this book really opened my eyes to some things. Some of the insights were good, and there were others that I’m still giving thought to. For example, I’m not sure I agree with the author’s stance on forgiveness. Sure, what he says makes a bit of sense, but I’m not sure it’s biblical, so I have some digging to do.
Soon enough the primetime news started airing. News about banning women OFWs in the Middle East have raised debates and eyebrows among women all over the world. I remembered a column I once read in Philippine Daily Inquirer written by my friend JAMILA MILLAR where she described how surreal the lives of women OFWs in the Middle East are especially since she had been there for a few years with her mother. This issue was also featured in Kapuso Mo, Jessica Soho where, as I recall, IRISH DOTILLOS works as a production assistant.
The archetype I did after Animus is the trickster. The trickster in literature is often cast as a good-for-nothing-deceiver. Think Brer Rabbit, or Rumpelstiltskin. Sometimes they are seen as clownish; and represent the humor and ridiculousness of life. For many cultures the trickster was represented as an human/animal hybrid. Interestingly, Wile-E-Coyote, a modern trickster, was influenced by the native American trickster Coyote. Although, Wile-E is a great deal more humorous, since all his tricks backfired on him.
Straight as a ramrod, Morarji struck me as a picture of poise and dignity. His moralistic fervour attracted a horde of critics but the courage of his convictions compelled admiration. His transparent honesty didn’t appear to be a ploy to earn cheap popularity points.
Allergy shots, and also Sara Steinberg.
"Well I know because I know The Lord."
a single dumb light switch could have done that job. What's the point in being a "statesman" or delegate of the people to the world's greatest deliberative body? As Mark Anderson put it: "This is the opposite of informed, rational decision-making. If that's all they are going to do, why not save a few billion dollars and just put hats in their empty seats, and let them stay home? In other words, Newt's party discipline has poisoned American politics.
is the Editor of Romantic Homes;
Pakatan Rakyat has three members on the PSC, including PKR deputy president and Gombak MP Azmin Ali.
Here's my projects...
First of all, I will say for the record that I like this protest. I don't necessary agree with everything being said (I agree with most of it), but I like the fact that Democrats are finally standing up and letting their voice be heard, instead of simply standing by and waiting for the president react to their complaining. Now, for the record, I'm still a fan of Obama. I think that he's done his best in a terrible situation, and I think that once he's re-elected we'll see a whole different president in term two. But, I also think that Obama's "best" has been reactionary to an obstinate congress, who because they are divided, can basically get nothing of substance passed. The Republicans in congress have made clear that their main goal is to "make Obama a one-term president". So with that as your focus, it seems like getting any real governing done would be impossible, because those ideas are antithetical to one another. If Republicans allow the president and Democrats to pass some bills with a sprinkle of Republicans ideas and a sprinkle of Democratic ideas, the Republicans still lose being the president will be shown to be getting things done. And god forbid the bills actually do what they're intended to the do; the economy could actually improve, and then Republicans would really be screwed.
In addition to playing those games, I am running a Conan Barbarians of Lemuria play by post game, that will probably wrap up in the next month or so because of lack of posting, and players dropping away. I also run my Darves Hill Labyrinth Lord game at GASP, that is coming up this Saturday (so I need to do a little prep work for that).
The roasted sea week is the item I was both most scared, and most interested to try. Lauren warned me in her letter that they were an acquired taste, but I was determined to try them! They’re really not bad. I finally understand what contributes that flavor to sushi, as I never really attributed it to the sea weed before for some reason. Definitely not a snack I can eat a ton of at once, but it definitely is a nice alternative for a salty snack.
to love you even half as much as you love me
Next up is Southern Colorado, where Christo is getting closer to approval to Over The River, where he’ll suspend almost six miles of giant panels above a 42-mile stretch of the Arkansas River.
Our world has become a much smaller place. Great and quick connections let us hop from continent to continent. Nothing can stop us from owning Real- Estate in dream destinations. The current Real Estate market here in Fairfield County Connecticut makes it particularly interesting for International Buyers to purchase Real- Estate. The Euro maintaining a strong value in comparison to the Dollar makes an investment in Connecticut very affordable.
My boss Bill is a “Wielder of Words.”
Mom - Good, now give me my Mother's day present.
Summer time isn’t just around the corner anymore ‘coz somehow I feel like it’s sitting on me. It’s almost hellish to go outside and walk under the raging sun so I just stay indoors most of the time. Good thing I already had a one week vacation getaway last March which makes it easier for me to just stay indoors during the length of the summer season.
Like Hester, she is made from paper mache clay, with a touch of paper clay. She holds her hand-made broom in her left hand, and has a Jack-o-Lantern at her feet.
I think I was doing ok with the struggles this time around until Dougal and Glenna were sent to America. I suppose it just didn't seem hopeless until then. At least they still had each other. I wasn't really a fan of the struggles they were still enduring by the end of the book though. I guess I thought they had been through enough and just wanted to read about more of their happiness together.
Don’t put in my groups of people who all demand my attention at the same time, or all want to touch me (prayer groups). When you’re depressed, the effort to be socially normal in a large group of people is far, far too much.
Part Spelt Crust:
I have to write a poem to justify way that I dress
The simplest, best way to fill your files is just by noticing things on your topics that you read, and adding them to your file. Here is a list of places I came up with to get content from:
My observation on the front: David has a Groucho Marx look that struck me right away when I saw this card for the first time.
For the lectures he gave my students on Vedic India, he had read the available literature from the original sources. He had no need of secondary ones.
We will call this
Second Time Around: Quilts Re-made by Joan White
Let me start with a definition, of course:
and spiritual side for real intimacy to take place.
4 T light soy sauce
From the international terminal, complimentary shuttles are available to both the domestic terminal which includes MARTA, as well as to the rental car center.
531310 Real estate property managers
Wherever you are, hope you have bright sunshine instead!
Handsome male friend: (nods head) Once I’m there, I’ll have my pick of the litter!
This past week has been busy. I made some resolutions to boost my confidence in my ability to take care of myself and others, such as learning to cook properly so that I can host people at my home, and spending time every day enriching my supportive relationships. I have been too introverted for my own good. I need a bigger dose of quality human contact in my life.
11For he has made loose the cord of my bow, and put me to shame; he has sent down my flag to the earth before me.
I'm also sure that I never mentioned, in spite of my vast amount of movies, I do not have any of Wood's latter-day self-penned and self-starring hardcore pornographic works.
Okay Y'all Where has the time gone! Can you believe its almost Thanksgiving!! I feel like Halloween was just yesterday. I guess I have been busy with everything here at the house that time just flew by! I haven't even made anything! oh wait I take that back I have made one thign ... I made a card for the PKS sketch challenge but I didn't post it. I don't know what in the world is going on with me but I better get my butt into gear! So to start me off again! I have made a card for Emma's throw back Thursday challenge. This challenge is a special one because she will be giving away her newest stamps set to one lucky winner and with my luck IM SURE TO WIN! lol.(that was me being sarcastic lol) . This release is so far SUPER cute and a must have just like ALL her other stamps. For this challenge she asked us to use a kid friendly cartridge and I chose New arrival. The theme also had to be kid friendly so I decided to make my neighbors son a birthday card for his first b-day coming up on Thanksgiving day. He's a TURKEY baby :)
Here's a close-up of my journaling:
Unfortunately, mercury is also found in other products: vaccines and high-fructose corn syrup.
8. “You Make the Sun Fry” by Ty Segall
1/2 teaspoon fresh lime juice (a quick squeeze of a cut lime)
more to come soon.
You should do the same.
Cricket
All we had to do was create Station Accounts and grab the client. Three of us were already there, so only Mike and Earl had to get on board.
Hungover in a hotel room in Plymouth, Example – the rapper/singer with the “big facial features” (his words) and even bigger self-belief – is issuing some characteristically bold claims.
True story.
“In the United States, the British experience is being held up by Democrats and mainstream economists as an object lesson in the risks inherent in aggressive short-term budget cutting amid signs that the recovery could be losing traction again.
After stumbling out of the bar around 3am, the boys had this to say:
Nate's preschool
Soaps show young females as objects to arouse male desire and break down inhibitions to grooming young girls. I recently heard a man who has an 11 year-old daughter lustingly commenting on Sophie Webster! Those who promote this are not innocent television producers and writers but know what they are doing. In East Enders Jim Branning’s daughter Lauren (born 29th March 1994), usually wore a very short dress; Lucy Beale (born 9 December 1993), looked as though she was wore a push-up bra. On Coronation Street Kevin Webster’s daughter Sophie's breasts push out of her top and she was about 14. Contemporary art and entertainment is creating a climate where our young women are only worth sex. Parents who watch these programmes should start to realise what is being done to their children.
The growth of online business directories have led to the subsequent growth of export and import business in India. The import export trade leads have proved to be advantageous as it is one of the most economical advertising processes. There are a number of online business portals that provide free opportunities to post trade leads. This has proved to be a tremendous opportunity to the small scale industries to gain maximum exposure in the international markets. The Indian handicraft sectors and various cottage industries have gained global exposure with the help of online business portals.
7. To remove scuff marks or grease spills from the floor, sprinkle with baking soda and then wipe with a warm, damp cloth. This is even safe for no-wax floors!
It is often the result of lack of preparation and the inability to simply respond appropriately and naturally. The impact is that this salesperson will often lose control of the selling process because when the thinking begins, the salesperson stops listening to the prospect and begins listening to him/herself and misses completely what the prospect is saying.
*Message from Host* We're participating in the A to Z Challenge this month, which is a wonderful blog hop. I'm meeting some new bloggers, making connections, and seeing some great content. Networking is one of the biggest goals of The Masquerade Crew. What better way to help self-publishers than to all join together and support one another. With that in mind, I've created an InLinkz list for Book Bloggers.
“Even in a formal dining room you don't want to be ponderous or gloomy. Eating is really one of your indoor sports. You play three times a day, and it's well worthwhile to make the game as pleasant as possible.”
Of course I realize that I should not be judging. If I had cameras pointed at me every second of every waking moment of every day, I would humiliate myself verbally to no end. Just last night, Sage exclaimed over her ravioli, "I cutted mines all by myself!"
*Panko is a type of flaky Japanese bread crumb that gives an extra-cruchy result. Appropriately enough, my mother-in-law, Simone, introduced me to Panko and it works a treat every time. It's found in the Asian section of most grocery stores and bares no resemblance to other commercially prepared breadcrumbs, which look and taste like sawdust.
However, sometimes steamrolling happens. And tumbling as in the ocean's surf. Too much in my brain; clutter, seemingly impossible-to-solve problems. My limbic system is overloaded. Fear, panic, confusion, distress, anger.
Conducting peace camps, preventing gun violence and ending the use of children as soldiers are just some of the reasons this Offering is so important. Share the impact with your audiences.
Allen, Paula Gunn. “Something Sacred Going On out There: Myth and Vision in American Indian Literature.” The Woman That I Am: The Literature and Culture of Contemporary Women of Color. Ed. D. Soyini Madison. New York: St. Martin’s Press, 1994. 547-560. Print.
It's amazing at what an appetite you work up out on the lake, and
“Leadership?” I blurted. It came out as if I had a bad taste in my mouth—which I did. I couldn’t imagine a more boring topic to write about. What is there to say about leadership anyway? When you’re in charge, you just get things done, right? Who wants to talk about that?
That's what this spring is so far. Crazy pants.
Somewhere between placing them lovingly on the conveyor belt at the checkout to my house, they met their untimely demise. And what did I do when I found the mutilated lot of them? I acted like any other sane, rational person and hurled them across the kitchen so that they crashed against the sliding glass door. And then I cried.
I’m very proud of my cake and it turned out just like the pictures(attached) Anita and I drew when we were designing what we wanted. We started with a Garden with lots of grass (piped with corner cut out of zip lock bag and extra green food colouring added to original green icing) and flowers(Bought at Supermarket) and a bit of Bling (Silver Balls).If you are wondering were on earth I got the cake pan for the Garden layer it’s actually my oven roaster pan that I normally cook a baked Chicken in. The Butterfly top layer is essentially a cake baked in a circle pan and cut up. My oven cooks unevenly so one side of the circle cake was higher than the other and I used this to my advantage so that the top of the butterfly cake was higher and on one of the photos you can see that the butterfly is slightly over the edge, I did this so it looked like it was just about the fly away!
12. Sand and oil butcher block on island (FREE)
A friend of mine commented about my inclination to match – I am, if nothing else, color coordinated!
The distinguishing characteristic of depersonalization disorder is the feeling that one is going through the motions of life, or that one’s body or self is disconnected or unreal. Mind or body may be perceived as unattached, seen from a distance, existing in a dream, or mechanical. Such experiences are persistent and recurrent, and lead to distress and dysfunction. Chronic depersonalization is commonly accompanied by “derealization,” the feeling that features of the environment are illusory. It should be noted that characteristics attributed to depersonalization disorder must be independent of any kind of substance abuse. It should also be noted that depersonalization as an isolated symptom may appear within the context of a wide variety of major psychiatric disorders. For example, mild episodes of depersonalization in otherwise normally functioning individuals have been reported following alcohol use, sensory deprivation, mild social or emotional stress or sleep deprivation, and as a side effect to medications. However, severe depersonalization is considered to be present only if the sense of detachment associated with the disorder is recurrent and
This is why I had that foot cut off. This. Very. Reason. So I could squish back to a locker room and feel good about my fitness progress. So I could sit on that bench and wipe out that sweat, and emerge a few minutes later, able to walk tall and strong, back to my car. So I can be just like everyone else at that gym, and be the best that I can be.
I do not bake macarons (there is an element of fear, I admit it, but there is also only so much foot talk I can stand - unless you are Dr. Seuss ).
He was already racing toward the exit as he called out, “Sorry lady, ask the librarian. I’m in a hurry.”
Here in the UK, and in most other parts of the world, we are familiar with the art of storytelling: a minimum of two parties are required and their roles are implied by their titles; one is there to tell the tale, the other or others to listen. Not so in Jemaa el Fna, a square and market place in Marrakesh's medina quarter.
John begins by describing Jesus as God right from the beginning. In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. (v 1) “Word” is “logos,” and, in this case, refers to Christ. This is evidenced by verse 14, And the Word became flesh and dwelt among us, and we have seen his glory, glory as of the only Son from the Father, full of grace and truth. John packs a lot of information in a short amount of writing. By the end of chapter one, Jesus has already called four disciples. Oddly, though, almost the entire second half of John’s gospel is taken up by the last week of Jesus’s life.
What I found particularly interesting sitting and watching the first two Friday movies in immediate succession was, among other things (sex = punishment!), was that the surprise, the shock, the horror (if you will) is supposed to come from the kill itself. There isn't much emphasis put on the lurking killer, the mutilation of the bodies, the disposal or discovery of corpses, and all the trappings that I (and I suspect other viewers) have become accustomed to watching more recent films. The killer kills -- and that's it. If you're lucky (or unlucky) you get a shot of a corpse with a hatchet in her head or his throat slit (physiologically inaccurate, if anyone cares) and that's about it. If that doesn't scare you -- too fucking bad!
R - Why do you think that?
One year ago today our adoption was official! Jacob legally became our son and we weren't just his legal guardians as we were for the one day! Many of our travel families posted pictures and videos and share their memories yesterday and it was a beautiful time reminiscing and seeing their experiences... some so very much the same as ours and some different! The expansion of our little family will ALWAYS be looked upon with fondness! Our experience from our very first signature on the adoption papers to this very moment has been incredible! We're so thankful for the agencies that facilitated such a smooth operation!
Some people dread the Holidays for vast reasons, but I think it's fun. It usually means I get to put my creativity to the test and create some lovely creations for the ones I love. I am excited to give my gifts that came directly from my heart.
Years ago, I used to make very intricate and complicated jewelry using glass seed beeds. Someday I'll find some photos to share with you. I didn't start out wanting to make jewelry or even thinking of having a business.
But he should be moving into his finished office really soon! I need to do some caulking & painting and then he is a go!
24. Matched Ally Condie
If you’re in Gadsden, there is an all ages show at Andy’s Music featuring Hail the Titans, Beachside Property, Ugly Pompous Grin, Russian Love Machine, Eleanor Lane and Electric Buffalo Groove. Starts at 6 p.m. $6 cover. Check out the flier (designed by Chris K. Smith):
This little project was something I saw on the blog Busy Kids = Happy Mom. I loved the idea. I have a little one learning to read. She also really loves food, so this was a perfect project for us.
So the heir assembled some other friends, and painstakingly taught them how to play the songs. They didn't know how to play -- or even own -- their own instruments. Eventually they had a gig at the recreation center in a neighboring town. They did great, drew a little crowd, made a little money, and were noticed, and so were offered a chance to play in the the high school gym for a charity event. The Heir sang all the songs, and supplied all the equipment, such as it it. They were in all the local papers again. They were offered a job at the big fireworks show downtown on July 4th.
One of the most important steps in this “makeover” process is to check the expiration dates on all your food products. Some of those canned goods you stocked up on during a big sale or before the threat of bad weather may be expired. If the dates have expired, toss the food. (Please check the dates before you donate your extras, since expired food is no good for anyone!) Also, consider cleaning out your fridge during this process; checking on expiration dates on the food items in there. It’s amazing how long salad dressing seems to linger in the back corners of refrigerators! Many food items don’t come with expiration or use by dates, so you’re wondering how to tell if those items are still OK? A great resource is the website StillTasty.com. Simply enter the food item to see how long it will stay safe and good tasting.
BLITZER: Let’s take another question from the audience. Go ahead. Please stand up and give us your name?
De Wet tried in vain to wake two of her children, Cornelia, 11, and Joey, 2, who were sleeping on the double bed with her.
I also have to find the right box to put them in. I know it sounds stupid, but I want something nice. Something I can treasure. It’s my history after all. Ideally it would have a lock on it so I’m going to have to go looking for something that fits everything and can be locked. It’s probably going to be a pain to find, but I’m going to start the hunt. I also want to put all the hard copies of things in there as well. The hard copies are all in a binder so it needs to be big enough to accommodate the binder as well as the books. Should be an interesting challenge. Once I have the box squared away (hehe!), I’ll post pictures. The more I look around online though the more I’m realizing that I’m probably not going to end up with a locked box. Oh well. If that’s the case, it’s just going to have to go pretty high up in my closet. We’ll see.
Use numbers (but not too large)
“Well, we all must get over the past, right Gord? Anyone else?”
The raid was based on intelligence reporting that Sadeq and a number of anti-coalition fighters would be attending a meeting that night in Azizabad. The meeting, it turns out, was being held at the home ofMr. White II. The raid met with intense resistance and one U.S. soldier was injured in the battle. The number of Afghan casualties was significant and included anti-Coalition militia and many civilians. A post-raid U.S. Army investigation found that some of the anti-Coalition militia “may have been security contractors or subcontractors for ArmorGroup.”
According to the official Wine Experience website, chef Sean Clark and brewer Ken Martin will lead participants through food and beer pairings that go well beyond burgers and pizza. The seminar costs $30 per person.
I firmly believe that the Holy Spirit who we (plural) talk to, tape recorded, is the true Holy Spirit and is the spirit of Jesus Christ.
All of our media bins and remote basket are conveniently located on a shelf sitting inbetween the playroom and the family room:
right out the batter’s box
However, we did change a few things this time, the main being the use of potty's.
I hope you will visit Celebrate the Occasion and see the beautiful Easel Cards DT2 have made to inspire you. Remember there is a chance to be entered into our August drawing for a $25 Paper Trey Ink gift certificate.
You know what parents always say, “I just looked away for a minute.” Well, it was definitely a minute. Or less. One second she was standing at the fence behind me with a little friend, and the next she was gone. After calmly scanning the field and checking all the standard hiding places (e.g., the bathroom), there was absolutely no sign of her. I started trolling the school’s campus, calling for her and wondering where that little girl had gotten to. But as the minutes ticked by and every new spot turned up empty. I started to get hysterical. This could not be happening. Not. On. My. Watch.
--that time I overheard Hudson "reading" a favorite book in his room.
His lawsuit was filed in the Los Angeles Superior Court, where he described what he called various “logistical nightmares” and “technical failures” that occurred throughout his time at Current TV.
I was told many years ago that an equipment operator is only as good as the equipment he or she runs. This is true, not only in design, but also in their ability to deal with outside the design circumstance.
Enable their own body or someone else’s body to heal.
About a month ago my reflective daughter remarked that the only perfect thing in the world is that everything is imperfect. It seems like it's taken a month, a thousand mile trip, skirting the unforgiving cliffs of California's Route 1 and some very bad news for her statment to cure to full flavor, because recently life became saturated with the exquisite magnanimousness of hopelessness. We're all in it together. No one wins. We're all beset by insanity, short sightedness and absurdity, futility. We chronically undermine our best interests. But that doesn't mean there's no one to love. It means the opposite.
We were playing a keep ball three-a-side game within the confines of the eighteen yard box. Sam replaced Chris Pye, who having not been able to kick a ball for two months because of a hernia, was spent. Each player contributes £3 per training session, which goes towards the running costs of the pitch and the floodlights. Hamble College invoice us in arrears each month, with each session costing £40. Martyn Barnett arrived to make it eight, which meant we had raised £24, £16 short of breaking even.
Until I can spill the beans, take a gander at this:
I've always associated Steely Dan's debut album, Can't Buy a Thrill, with my college years -- the album was released in the fall of 1972, shortly after I began my junior year, and I remember hearing this album playing in the dorms all the time that year.
Bible prophecy also shows that the United States will shortly repudiate every principle of its Constitution and will become one of history's worst persecuting powers.
The Dyslexic Advantage: Unlocking the Hidden Potential of the Dyslexic Brain by Brock L. Eide and Fernette F. Eide – This book describes, in detail, four strong areas of reasoning (referred to as M.I.N.D. – material, inter-connective, narrative, dynamic) in which dyslexics are proven to succeed as well as the advantages and “trade-offs” of each area. The Eides describe the differences between the dyslexic and non-dyslexic brain and give examples of traits, frustrations, and successes experienced by their patients. Stories of famous and successful dyslexics are shared, including Anne Rice, Vince Flynn, and Richard Branson. Recommended by Lisa M.
The band proper would have only one more Top 40 hit in the ’70s — “Good Timin’,” which slipped in at No. 40 in the spring of 1979. And from there on out, the band would pretty much build its entire brand on nostalgia.
“It’s all relative” is accurate insofar as we acknowledge that there are objective truths to which relativity may be measured. Considering the previous example: Objectively, killing someone is wrong, and this rule has been put into place as foundational to our very existence. Christians know its origin, and the world obviously has “natural revelation” working towards its benefit, in place so that it serves as God’s instrument to practice and enforce it. No matter how the truth is known, it is there and it is an all-encompassing, unalterable truth no matter what anyone believes otherwise. But is killing someone always wrong, say, when it comes to self defense? The rule remains, but the subjective rears and shows its relation to the objective. In that sense, it is relative, especially if someone has every intention of killing you and you fight back resulting in the attacker’s death. Killing is wrong, but in this case, perhaps justified and necessary for preserving the ultimate objective truth which says that killing is wrong.
For years I have struggled with a sense of futility in the face of the rot that seemed to run through globally involved organisations, overt and covert (such as the ‘alphabet agencies’ – FBI/CIA/MI5/FEMA/etc). From the outside looking in I could only imagine widespread collusion, complicity and/or denial in most if not all individuals. How else could ‘the black hats’ have been getting away with all their Machiavellian deeds for so long?
All in all, today wasn’t a total crap-tastic day. I did poop in the cage they had me in, though, and they said it was still a little loose. But I think that was stress, because at home, I’ve been pretty regular. Ah well, that was probably too much information for you!
I don’t think I’ll make it, sir.
I cannot begin to describe what a fantastic experience i had at the Urban Sketching Symposium in Lisbon. I had the opportunity to meet so many amazing people from all over the globe. All of us sharing the same passion for capturing the world around us.
Well, what is my point?
Lewis’ lifelong desires had been pointing him to something greater – his love of myth and storytelling had primed his heart for the truth that he was discovering.
6B. Blonde Ale
olive oil - 1 tsp
But don’t be deluded in thinking that money is abundance. It all begins within. Why do you think people like Donald trump who was millions in debt in the 90’s, turned it around to become the billionaire he is now?
Term:
I truly felt present and happy today. Not rushed or anxious but peaceful and grateful for this day with my daughter.
The only Whitney Houston in my record collection these days is her contribution (which I avoid listening to) to the first A Very Special Christmas compilation, and the sampled bits of “I Wanna Dance With Somebody” that appear on the Justified Ancients of Mu Mu (a/k/a The KLF) track “Whitney Joins The JAMS”.
I'd model less about the love of power,
Now I do jump rope. Ideally, I do 50 everyday, but sometimes when I get home, I’m so tired already.
What follows is the long-awaited return of my one-time regular series known as My 10 Favourite Things. I suppose it was once a favourite among those who matter. The last one I did was nearly ten months ago, so it's about time, huh? Yes it is. Anyway, here are my ten favourite things about a movie I once hated - imagine that. I have numbered things just to keep a general semblance of decorum, but really these are in no particular order, save for maybe the last one needing to be at the end, so do not take them as such. And as always, there may very well be spoilers ahead, so for those who care about such things, ye have been warned. Oh, and one more thing - if you are interested in even more PTA-related stuff, check out the piece I did over at Anomalous Material, titled, appropriately enough, The 10 Best Paul Thomas Anderson Characters. Now on with the show.
Is there anything you still dream of doing? Traveling to Spain and Portugal and perhaps one day owning a dog (don’t tell my cat!). – Paula Ewin, January 26
All this very British weather we are having at the moment (as strange as it may seem) is starting to take a toll on my waistline - if I'm totally being honest with myself.
Flash avant-garde to today...
Eight Years later he is still not broken.
“Can you see time?” I asked
– This delicious all-natural dental care treat lets your dog clean his teeth while he eats. Brushing your dog's teeth can be a real battle, so it's no wonder people (and dogs!) love this product. It freshens your dog's breath and helps discourage plaque and tartar from forming without wrestling with a doggy toothbrush.
Based on these perceptions, groups aspiring to self-determination formed delegations, selected representatives, formulated demands, launched campaigns, and mobilized publics behind them. They composed and circulated a flood of declarations, petitions, and memoranda directed at the world leaders assembled in Paris and directed at public opinion across the world. Many of the petitioners adopted Wilson’s rhetoric of self-determination and the equality of nations to formulate their demands and justify their aspirations, both because they found his language appealing and, more importantly, because they believed it would be effective in advancing their cause. They quoted at length from the president’s Fourteen Points address and his other wartime speeches, praised his plan for a League of Nations, and aimed to attract his support for their struggles to attain self-determination.
Peter BERNSTEIN (Guitar)
fabric at the waistband and hem. I can’t remember if I’ve mentioned
Hyouka ep. 1
As if life couldn't have gotten anymore unpredictable. We left the bus station at 6:30am to walk to a place where we were going to try to hitch from. We walked so far. Probably a few miles, with all out stuff. Not fun after a horrible 48hrs of transportation. We decided to stop at a guesthouse that was mentioned in lonely planet for often having rides to the safari place. The man working said were were in luck, there was a group of 3 leaving in an hour (finally , good news!). A girl walked out and she and I stopped dead in our tracks. It was Rosanah, a friend from grad school! She and Josanna, another girl from MIIS were traveling around Africa after finishing their internships. We knew this, but also knew it would be nearly impossible to try to meet up. Josanna walked out of the bathroom and said, "You have got to be kidding me!" It was amazing, great, and so awesome. How in the world we could randomly meet up at a guesthouse in Africa is beyond me. We paid a pretty penny and rode in a nice van with them to the safari park. They'd had their own plans, so upon arrival we said our goodbyes. Note: The road to the park was among one of the worst worst worst. I swear with each dip and bump, I flew a foot out of my seat.
I love these marbled-effect buttons with shimmering silver, gold and blue colouring against a black background. These pretty new buttons are available for 15p each from Love Buttons HQ.
I hope he will forgive me for my mistakes and we will be again the old friends we used to be.
In 1856, the government of Texas, which was by now a state, gave that building to the City to use as a City Hall and Market House. It was not until 1858, however, that the old Capitol was renovated, reconditioned, and recycled (yes, it was a “green” city even then) into this new configuration. City business was transacted on the second floor of this new building, while the Market House, which was probably some sort of store or exchange, occupied the ground floor.
It's sunny about 362 out of 365 days a year. Yes, sometimes that sun is blisteringly hot, but it's still sunshine. And the air quality is decent. Not perfect, but pretty good. Some people complain about it; I don't notice a problem most days. Yes, the pollutants from the desalination plants are visible, but, really, it doesn't even compare to a lot of super polluted cities worldwide.
-Heart decals with our name & date and spelling our "cards" on our card box
I met him in 1992 and he signed my copy of his new novel, Mostly Harmless. An abridged version of his unfinished Doctor Who story Shada has just come out on video that week and I asked him about it. He said he “didn’t think it was any good” and had decided to donate all profits from it to charity. I told him I’d enjoyed it and he seemed genuinely surprised.
Coming up next, AJ Styles Vs Kurt Angle.
The challenge this week is your sentiment can ONLY HAVE 2 WORDS! That's it! Easy!
the shadows of your throat with my charcoal
I am getting there.
All the efforts seem to fall
As much as it was tiring to drive the 3.5 hours from Tahoe to the Bay Area again this weekend (after doing it last weekend!) it was totally worth it! (And Cam was the one who drove...between moving our stuff, spending hours on the road, and being really sweet and supportive this weekend, I am once again reminded how thankful I am for him!) This was one of those rare weekends where so much of my extended family came together, and I'm just so glad that I was able to be there and be a part of it. Family is so important and I'm really thankful for mine!
Brooke did a mix and match that I happen to LOVE, LOVE, LOVE! Vintage leather paired up with her grandmother's silver leafed chairs and slipcovered parsons from their store: Giannetti Home, just wonderful!
4 – 7 p.m. New Belgium Brewing, Sampling in the Beer Department
Wendy: But Thumper, don’t you think that letting fear stop you is a bad thing? I mean if I let fear rule me then wouldn’t that stop me from moving forward in my life? Wouldn’t I miss out on lots of fun and exciting opportunities?
This week, I return to work. Charlie is no longer my full-time job. I've been through this before, and I find myself going through a grieving period again. I will loose significant time with Charlie. He will be spending most of his waking hours with someone else. He will no doubt achieve milestones when I'm not around to see them for the first time. I say goodbye to my late-morning naps with him, and will no longer have as much time to just gaze at him. He will seem to grow exponentially from when I drop him off at daycare to when I get home to distractedly make dinner. I am sad.
The most common form of surrogacy is where a couple arrange for a surrogate to undertake artificial insemination using the semen of the male partner. This is called “partial surrogacy”.
Photo Credits: MGM, Aston Martin, Pixar
The epic Soul Drinkers series concludes in this action-packed novel from the acclaimed author of Galaxy in Flames. Phalanx first appeared as a serialised novel in Hammer & Bolter issues 1 to 12.
Whereas the lady in Komarom had been patient and helpful, the station agent in Almasneszmely was an unhelfpful as he could be. He would hardly talk to us so we were on our own. We pedaled back to Almasfuzito as fast as we could only to learn that the next train to Ezstergom would get us there very late, too late for comfort. So we changed direction again, it was still relatively early, pedaled back to Almasneszmely and looked for a room, exactly the situation we thought we would avoid by taking the train. At least this village had not been bypassed by a new road and whatever there was of the village was right there. A room for rent sign soon appeared and we followed its directional arrow up a little dirt road and found the house.
Mehandipur Balaji Temple in Rajasthan is located in Dausa of North India. The temple is dedicated to Lord Hanuman, worshipped by Hindus.
Learning is something that we as humans do constantly and as photographers even more so. To learn and then horde that knowledge is selfish and unfair for other photographers who could benefit from the knowledge that you posses. Are you ready to start this journey?
Fun Fact: I believe it was this weekend last year when I stumbled upon teacher blogs. !!! Now I can't live without them! It is a constant in my life. Thank you blog friends! I have a freebie for you at the end of this post!
it felt like this. only people weren’t taking pictures. they were trying to walk both directions at one time. and there were children present. these children had i would say about a 30% chance of being trampled in the mash mob. they had another 50% chance of being crushed. they had a 100% chance of being scarred from this event.
Besides a computer called Deep Blue defeated Garry Kasparov, the reigning World Chess Champion at the computer science graduate program rankings is common for graduate degrees to be specific though in the computer science graduate program rankings off to the computer science graduate program rankings. To conclude, we can say that the computer science graduate program rankings. The study of methods, principles and concepts based on which the computer science graduate program rankings and database design.
C: You saw them LAST Christmas! And you're going up for Thanksgiving!
But, for all their warts, Red Tory and “big society” are reminders that politics and elections can be about ideas, even big ideas about citizens taking back their democracy and taking on the future.
Joseph Smith Translation of the Bible: A remarkable restoration of ancient truths, which Joseph Smith accomplished by adding words in place of the italicized words in the King James Bible.
Firstly, here are the guidelines,
What a great way to kickoff the weekend! All my plans are up in the air so who knows what the next few days will hold. I'm going to throw on the wall and see what sticks! Do you all have any cool plans?
Let’s be honest here, even the title gives itself away; it’s not called The Thing Begins or Before the Thing or Again with the Thing. It’s The Thing. It’s as though The Thing took John Carpenter’s The Thing and assimilated it like the characters it’s about, but there’s just something intrinsically Not Right about it. To put it in the parlance of the film, it’s imitating and it can’t help it when a big mouth bursts through its chest when the viewer starts to think: “Hey, wait a minute...”
Katie, The Imperfect Housewife (hardly) is up to her old tricks again with another amazing activity for young children with a DIY Find-it Bag. Thank you Katie for another great tip! You just keep those ideas coming through.
"The rapidly deteriorating biophysical situation is more than bad enough, but it is barely recognized by a global society infected by the irrational belief that physical economies can grow forever and disregarding the facts that the rich in developed and developing countries get richer and the poor are left behind.
and i will try to do new orleans today or tomorrow!!
know - especially an alien spy, like Jackson. Giving Jackson the
The path home traverses through a graveyard and a woodland before emerging at my home village. It would be a dark route to follow, especially on a night like tonight. As a miner, I always have a torch so finding my way wouldn't be too hard. The graveyard was super spooky and scary. I saw at least twelve ghosts. They were playing poker until they saw me, at which point they made a half-hearted boo before returning to their game. A quick glance suggested one of the ghosts had a full house. Looks like he might win.
I originally had 8 miles on my schedule but with the temps hovering near 90 and the dew point hovering near 70 I figured I'd do what I could. I recently read this Runners World forum post where they discuss how much humidity and dew point affects running. Basically it boils down to if you add the temperature and the dew point together and it's above 150 then you should just be glad you survived your run.
MJ spent yesterday afternoon shopping with Grandma and GG. After, they went to Madison's school's holiday concert with Maddie's family. And then MJ went to spend the night with cousin Chelsea, taking advantage of the school district's already announced delayed start due to ice all over the freaking place.
As I said, I don’t want to criticise him unfairly without having all of his comments together for analysis, but, frankly, that comment, which he did repeat, is, to quote many leading theologians, “a load of fetid dingo’s kidneys”!
The thing to remember is that it highly unlikely you will make any significant money from your book. Literally hundreds of books are spewing into existence every month to try to find space on the same limited shelves. It is like playing the Edinburgh Fringe. You are unlikely to get noticed and it is like standing in a cold shower tearing up £50 notes. In the case of writing a book, these are the £50 notes you could have earned by stacking shelves in a supermarket rather than starving in a small room earning no money while you toil away at your creative keyboard.
there are 3 tiers to our yard -
My personal opinion is that in this day and age there is something quite innocent about this dancing. It is for chaps and ladies, after all. It seems to teach about relationship and bonding. There has to be 'connection' for it to work. It is stylish and quite sexy (when done by those who can do it well).
…sings all of his ABCs.
It may help if you can keep the guiding hand on a side to guide you around.
We shall prosper and build up Zion upon the earth; for this is our mission, and the work of your mothers and daughters of Zion—the mothers now, and by and by the daughters, who will, in turn, be mothers in Israel. Great responsibility rests upon you. Upon you depend the training and the direction of the thoughts and the inspiration of the hearts of your children, for they drink into the spirit of their mothers, and the influence of the mother over the children is the most enduring impression that can be made. There is nothing so imperishable as the influence of the mother; that is when she is good and has the spirit of the Gospel in her heart, and she has brought up her children in the way they should go.
Totally Tots has a complete collection of both upper and lower case alphabet crafts. This is one of my favorite as I think it turned out adorable. It is an Egg for the lowercase letter e.
We popped into this bar, located on Polk St in Russian Hill, for a quick half – Sierra Nevada - and to pick up a T-shirt for my brother in law as he wanted a new one; he and my sister got very drunk in that bar last time they were in San Francisco. It’s a pleasant locals bar, a dark interior with a pool table and run by a young friendly couple.
You feel miserable and I feel so sorry for you. You want to scratch it so bad and it takes all my effort to keep you distracted enough to leave it alone. This goes on all day long which is frustrating and tiring for both of us.
Report cards will be sent home this week, and I feel confident that your child is learning a great deal. Please do not be alarmed if there are areas that might need improvement, as it is only the first term, and they have only just begun. I am confident that they are all well on their way to a successful school year!
Doctor Who can sometimes scare the shit out of children.
So yeah - bless the Farmers Weekly who reported 40% of Dairy herds have about a sixth of the cows producing gallons of pus
Beth Humphrey, who is white, and Terence McKay, who is black, were eventually married by a justice of the peace in a neighbouring town.
37. Man strength deh ah he hand, woman strength deh a she mouth. It is assumed that a woman talks very much, but a man talks less and quickly resorts to violence.
Getting up on stage can be tricky. I've done it a lot as a dancer, and when I'm teaching, so I'm observant at what seems to work and what doesn't. As a person who gets to see a lot of models both for still photography and like this, on stage, this is my top 10 ways to boost your pin up star rating...
However, as the Opposition in Malaysia (not sure about other places), they must see loopholes here and there. At least in Malaysia, the Politics does not allow you to admit the good side of your opponent, regardless you are the government or opposition. That is politics in our beloved country. Therefore, on Saturday and the following days after the presentations, many comments were made via blogs and their medias on how bad the budget is. The Malaysian Insider reported “Bajet Pilihanraya” & Malaysiakini said “Bajet Gagal Zahirkan MEB, ETP“
It’s as if the world has woken up from a trippy REM state and discovered it had been Tangoed. I’m all for shedding the funeral black come spring (no, actually that’s a lie) but the catwalk’s recent catarrh of colour is giving me a headache. Call me a fashion heretic (or worse yet, Celine) but I like my palette low-fi. Granted I make up for it in bringing five kilogrammes of jewellery with me on summer holidays but that’s another rant.
- Laudy
I read one book about the Titanic this weekend. Never got to the rest of the books I showed you last week. Watched a few too many hours of Titanic specials commemorating the 100th anniversary of the sinking, but I was crocheting! I'm not sure why I am interested in this ship, but I am fascinated by it.
One other observation. While I do like one-off beers, I actually like beers that stay around even more. I like to get to know a beer over time, and I still mix up new beers with old standbys in my rotation. When I try new beers, there's something satisfying in knowing that it won't be the last time I get to drink it. One-offs have their place, but ephemera begs to be considered dispensable, and I succumb to that impulse.
We would love to get your feedback and other tips you’d like to pass along as well. Our goal is to provide an information packed site worthy of your return… you will make that happen by being active in the journey.
So now my lesson is yours. I get such a kick out of personally learning something that I can pass on to you.
A few nights before that we heard coyotes from somewhere nearby; the neighborhood dogs were going crazy, and Buster got very excited. I was already hoping that I could teach him to howl; I had found a record in our 1974 World Book Encyclopedia Science Annual called “The Music of the Canids” and had been playing the wolf chorus over and over for Buster.
Many PDP chieftains from the far North (North-West and North-East) were said to be behind the move to remove the NSA. They considered Azazi’s comment an indictment on the North
I know that last week I said that I was going to go somewhere other than around here this weekend, but I didn’t. For one thing, I had forgotten that it was Easter weekend this weekend. For another, I thought that it was about time to do my taxes. Yet another reason was the weather forecast, it was supposed to cloud over yesterday afternoon, with some rain overnight, lasting into this morning. That didn’t happen, we received a few sprinkles late last night, and when I got up this morning, I was greeted by bright blue cloudless skies. I woke up fairly late as well, so nothing went as planned.
On 12 July 1875 Lemington Station opened on the Scotswood, Newburn & Wylam Railway. On 15 September 1958 the station closed to passengers and on 4 January 1960 the station was closed to goods, but the lines weren't lifted until 1992, when the Ever Ready battery factory in Newburn closed.
From the religious vigil of All Hallows’ Eve to murder:
It's been another busy day for me with clothes shopping the order of the day. We are preparing for our road trip in June, not long to go now, so the EM dragged me of to the shops to buy holiday clothes. Unfortunately, I consider shopping, especially for clothes, a complete waste of precious time ... time I could spend doing something, anything, much more interesting :( However, I discovered that M&S are having a sale so I hit the racks and found a few nice tops ... I'm happy and the EM is delighted ... result!
Moon sped out towards the tide!
A Very Pink Christmas ... ABC Family ... 6 PM
I feel bad because, it didn't have a price tag and when I asked the sales people about it, they have NO freaking IDEA and the manager just made a "hunch" on how much it would cost. He gave it a $25 rating!!!!!!!!! ARGH... WHY SO EXPENSIVE MR MANAGER MAN????
Please also let this be a reminder that Limited Edition truly means LIMITED. Many other canvases of mine are starting to run low now and will soon be sold out. You can order Limited Edition canvas prints of mine at my Strangeling.com website at any time, so if you've been eyeballing your favourite, you might want to jump on it soon!
god knows the number of times that the jolly old fibonacci got restarted you would think that i would get the hang of it but it was like something new each time this due to the generous intervention of the non-anaesthetic chemical sedation several hours previously one one two three five eight et cetera
All that is required is a set of circumstances and a population with a propensity to act. There may be no organisation, there may be no strategy but only a fool doubts that, at the very least, a dream of Uhuru lurks in the shadowy hearts of many black South Africans. That dream was planted many years ago by malevolent men, and its flames have been stoked over the decades since once by Slovo and Tambo by Mandela and his gore stained ex-wife, then by the likes of Zuma, Julius Malema and so many others, including many, many, thousands of white liberals.
Let these imminently crushable, swoon-worthy guys show you what romance looks like – in his eyes.
Returning to reviews (almost all utterly glowing) of 'Londoners' I worry that I am missing something. Why am I not moved by this book? Why, as a Londoner, does it not resonate with me or make me feel more of a part of the city? Maybe it resonates too well, with a part of me that recognises that I do not want to be here forever. Maybe I find the book unremarkable because so many of the themes are so familiar to me, so tacitly obvious that to record them here is nothing ground-breaking or imaginative. Yes, life in a big, busy city is expensive, and unglamourous, and frustrating. What's new? But it also allows one so much, in terms of freedom of expression, knowledge and information, entertainment, new acquaintances and relationships, and it makes me sad that this more positive aspect of city-life was not as evenly represented throughout Taylor's book as the more melancholy tales.
In what area of your life do you need God's guidance today? Are you seeking Jesus for clarity in your circumstances, or have you been turning to another source? Have you obeyed the instruction he has given in His Word, or are you defiantly demanding to know your destination before you make the first step? Is there a passage of the Bible that you are ignoring because you don't like the steps that obedience to God would require of you? How will you make the first step toward obedience today?
I stamped my flower image and colored it using my so saffron and certainly celery Stampin' Up! markers. I decided to add my ribbon just left of my stamped image on the same panel. I tied some twine through the center of my button and then I placed that button in the center of my ribbon.
I was in Advertently once, but I went there by mistake.
- an attempt, effectively, to abolish habeas corpus, which guarantees an individual the right to a trial. It is believed to date back to the Magna Carta. The government wanted to hold 'terror' suspects for up to 90 days without trial. (Independent)
When Jesus invites his followers to take up a cross, he is inviting each one to come and die. The believer should bear the identity of the Cross—that is—to live by faith, in complete submission and obedience to the Father. It’s tough, but we are called to “put to death” or to “crucify” the old life and allow God to transform us from within (Colossians 3:9-10, Romans 6:6). This attitude should mark every believer. Peter finally understood this and later wrote, “Therefore, since Christ suffered in his body, arm yourselves also with the same attitude, because he who has suffered in his body is done with sin. As a result, he does not live the rest of his earthly life for evil human desires, but rather for the will of God” (1 Peter 4:1-2 NIV).
Consider my unpublished letter to the Editor of the New York Times in response to its front page article of April 16, 2010 (“At MoMA Show, Some Forget You Should Not Touch the Art”):
“There is a time for everything, and a season for every activity under heaven:” (Eccl. 3:1 NIV)
Not to toot my own horn, but I just love that bird. I doodled her on a scrap piece of paper and loved her so much I had to keep her!
I looked at him oddly and said, "Oook. Go ahead." Oddball :P He doesn't need my permission to go! But he barrels out of the living room as I say hi to my mother in law. Suddenly he is back holding a tiny ball of fluff with a red ribbon.
I had the good fortune this weekend to be surrounded by passionate educators at varying stages in their careers. We spent several hours talking about what motivates, frustrates, and inspires us about the profession. I’m so glad I got the chance to share best practices with people who are enthusiastic about teaching – this does not happen often enough in my professional routine.
The truth is that Brien Jones provided me with the original list of approximately 500authors and their email addresses claiming these were “angry authors” who felt they were screwed by Airleaf. That’s how I started contacting authors in the beginning—with Brien’s list. I’ll be able to produce that for court when he someday takes me there as he keeps promising. Now it may be true that Airleaf had 3,000 clients—but I didn’t have access to the rest of that list like Brien had when he stole the data base from Airleaf to open his new company. And yes, I can prove that too because now I have the list. It’s with another list of his Jones Harvest clients with little notes he writes about each person next to their name so he doesn’t forget the stories he’s making up along the way along with some derogatory notes about some of his authors. That list was given to me courtesy of several of his ex-employees who felt that by giving it to me, it would be in good hands. I’ll be showing those in court as evidence as well. And also one more lie that Brien keeps stating over and over—Airleaf closed on December 21, 2007, not 2008. Brien had been out of there just about a year.
I hope we'll be able to see these interviews and the filmed Betty MacDonald interview at the next Betty MacDonald Fan Club meeting.
This was another thought of mine and my view on this. Let me know how you think about this. Do you agree with me? And do you think the problem lies with parents too? Do not hesitate to tell me your view on this, even if you don't agree. I'm a very open minded person. I'd love it if you shared your thoughts! :)
- New York Times' Arthur Sulzberger, Jr., May 21 graduation address at the State University of New York, May 27, 2006.
I love to plan parties and entertain family and friends though. Love it! And I LOVE having a clean house. I hope I can maintain it this way till Nik's Birthday party, or else I'll be doing this all over again. I get so giddy having a clean house.
Two silky eyeshadows enclosed in a mini 360° swivel compact with a brush applicator.
This is an easy accompaniment to chicken, pork, burgers ... even turkey!
Back in February I went to see a band I was really looking forward to hearing, granted on the strength of a couple of singles but nevertheless I expected them to be very good. Turned out the two tracks I liked were their two best tunes the rest being a bit, well innocuous or as Colin or Ctel would say, a bit meh.
The Lord put it this way in Matthew 16:26. “For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? Or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?”
3. What’s the strongest factor that makes me a good friend?
3/4 cups pecans
Each time I think... that's it, there's only so much you can do with flowers... and yet again and again, I'll see something new.
Many of my ideas come from my overactive imagination. I have a tendency, a very rude one I guess, to watch people and imagine what there life is like outside of the moments I see them. I ask myself questions like, what if he is a vampire and is on his way home to find his father dead, slain by a werewolf? Or what if that girl is an undercover agent trying to find who killed her partner ten years ago?
This month’s programme includes a very rare early short called “March of the Movies”, made by Pathe about the birth and development of cinema and Health Education awareness films including the psychedelic “Drugs and the Nervous System”, where you can learn the effects of drugs in your system – or rather how it was portrayed in the 60s by government health awareness films.
Ross, Millie, and Colleen are three of the children of Bill and Mary (Wanner) Andra. Norwood Jonas is the husband of Colleen and Sandy is their daughter (my mother).
“That's you Gary,” I replied.
Great name, huh? I really like it.
watercolor (22" x 30")
I had been asked by one of my good friends to machine quilt a piece for her. This friend is primarily a hand quilter, although she will stitch in the ditch from time to time on a small wallhanging. She knows that I had been toying with the idea of quilting for others and as life has added a few years, as it tends to do, hand quilting just isn't as enjoyable for her as it used to be. Especially when the piece measures 92" x 81"... hey not small by my standards either :-).
Wednesday: A stylish Steelers ticket giveaway.
And then Tuesday came around. And I was still doing just fine... until about 4:30 in the afternoon. That's when I started feeling sick to my stomach. I was nauseous, could barely eat my very healthy dinner, and spent the rest of the evening in bed. Needless to say, I'm feeling just fine today, after using the restroom about 5 times this morning. Food poisoning? Or gluten poisoning? I guess I can't be 100% sure that this had anything to do with what I ate 24 hours earlier... but it sure seems like it could be the case.
Aren't we in the mood for Christmas to hurry up and come along?!
hysteria akin perhaps to the witch craze of the Middle Ages. How, they
I’m not sure how to expand on that, other than to say that you know when a system doesn’t work well at the table.
”Survival of the fittest,” said The Cardinal and touched his clock. His speeches became more and more pompous, he was an emperor talking to his troops and he was frightening. ”Do you know,” M´s voice ghosted over R´s ear, ”that no one has ever been able to construct an exact watch. There´s no such thing as measuring time precisely.” She said it casually, but it sounded like a religion, like faith and salvation.
10th June – Sommar! (gamla Trädgården) Stockholm
I struggled to hold my smile. Ah well...I suppose she could still be a spanko....
Cinque Terre means ‘The Five Lands’ and consists of five villages (Monterosso al Mare, Vernazza, Corniglia, Manarola and Riomaggiore) located on the Italian Riviera and is a UNESCO world heritage site.
It’s easy to give someone a second chance. It seems hard, but it really is much easier than the alternative. Just giving up on someone, accepting them for what they are (and what they are not) is one of the hardest things you’ll ever have to do. It’s much easier to believe in the fairytale that this person might somehow change, like your friend’s brother’s roommate’s uncle. (And seriously, why have I never heard one of these transformational stories about someone’s brother, best friend, mother or husband? Why is it like playing Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon to find someone who has changed?)
I drew the design onto some Shrinky Dink clear plastic. I cut it out.
There’s your set up as well as a pretty good handle on the film. There’s more, lots more. There’s plenty for Gianni to look at and admire.
8. Math Question! You may use your cell or a classroom computer (not your laptop) as a calculator. Read both questions, and pick one (you may do both, but I’ll only count one, and the test has three more portions, so, you know, make a good decision).
So the Blonde (called Dorothy) went away and gave those three questions some considerable thought (I expect you to do the same).
Spiritual limbo to me is knowing what I will never return to, but am unable, or find it relatively difficult, to find anything to replace it.
It could be argued that I lack social intelligence, but I don’t think this is really the case. I’m almost always aware of my lapses, so it’s not that I’m oblivious or incapable of being more polite. But I have started to do things unintentionally. Someone introduced themselves to me the other day and only later did I realize that I never told them my name. I hadn’t done it because I didn’t care if they knew my name, but even for me that was a bit much. I can bother to tell people my name. It doesn’t mean I have to go to their kid’s bat mitzvah.
for I-435 eastbound ramp closure from Quivira Road
I had so much fun with yesterday's post that I've decided to challenge myself with a theme for the next few posts: each of the seven dwarfs.
Saturday: Chronis Pou Vasiliou and Matthew Beasley playing Greek Music.
But then I remember that on the other side, I am strong. I am competent, thoughtful, and strong. And there are those who are stronger than I am but can't even see their own strength, or have had it beat out of them. I want to reintroduce them. There are those who were never taught the basics, whether that is how to read or how to properly bathe yourself or what love should look like. I want to teach them. There are those who are just bad, bad people hurting other people and themselves. I want to stop them.
Andrew Clucas, Microgaming Poker Channel Lead commented: “Microgaming is pleased to announce the adoption of the Weighted Contribution method of rake calculation to the Microgaming Poker Network (MPN) which will change the way in which rake is allocated. We believe that this will result in a fairer method of rake distribution and improve the game experience overall for the greater majority of poker players.”
‘We placed your black wand in your hand,
And Acorns are brown
Well, maybe not a problem, but my friend has–in the eighteen years she has been running the initiative–never dipped into social media. I know; you think that’s funny. But that is seriously the position where she now finds herself.
Also, shortly after CofCC.org wrote about this crime, the Orlando Sentinel removed the suspects’ mug shots from their online article. They eventual re-posted the mug shots probably because so many CofCC.org readers posted angry comments on their website. The Orlando Sentinel censored the race of the perpetrators in a previous article, even though they were still at large when it was published.
What a blessing!
08.Unnecassary War 04:14
If you live in New York, BrooklynVegan is presenting a FREE advanced screening of the film at the Knitting Factory in Brooklyn on Thursday, 4/12, at 7pm (first come, first served). Seats are put out in the main/back room of the club where a screen comes down over the stage, and the sound booms out of their concert-ready system. See you there!
Beat the butter, oil and sugar together. Add eggs one at a time and beat further till the mixture becomes mousse like. Add the vanilla bean.
She decided to play on her bed frame because her 8 months pregnant mother forgot that she took the mattress off thus exposing all of that metal and the rusted screws. Mia sliced her forehead on one of the protruding screws.
I’ve been in a growing number of pubs recently where I’ve been charged over £3 for cask beers of ordinary strength, around 4% ABV. That included one occasion when the price was a ludicrous £3.01. After the duty rise in the Budget, the £3 pint will become much more common.
So what's been going on? Well, the biggest thing going this month is that Fry is signed up to start school in the Fall! That was a very surreal moment. Obviously it's not Kindergarten but State-supported pre-school called Maternelle. I'm really excited for him to go, I know he's going to do amazingly well and he's going to get to play with loads of other kids, which is something he desperately needs, he's not a kid that does well on his own for long periods of time. As for his language skills (which continue to improve everyday but he's still a bit behind for his age), I was very much relieved to get positive feedback from the school's director about my speaking English at home and she assured me that it wouldn't be a problem. I have heard some horror stories from other bilingual families so now that we've got that out of the way, I'm totally ready to let him get out in the world a little bit!
Fish Soup with Fresh Fish of the Day, Celery,
Some old friends are probably laughing at me for this because I once (many times) swore I would never succumb to blogging again because I feel it is too often a solipsistic mode of expression based in notions of self-importance. However, I honestly need a jump-start for writing and an archive for things not fit for the big project I am trying to complete (like a goddamn idiot).
There are a couple of reasons I’m here.
Ever since I was a little girl, books have been some of my best friends. If you could see my bedroom you would see that I am constantly surrounded by many, many friends. I even take them places with me (which is why I carry such large bags). Each one hold special memories for me and each has impacted me in a different and equally special way.
