What exactly is Kindles for Kids?
I just had to go.
Changito is colored with pencils and accented with a black gel pen and a touch of glitter. I used my corner rounder to add a bit of interest to the panels...I really need to remember to do this more often. I finished the card with some white brads. Only after I'd finished did I realize that I put the rain drop panel on upside down! Ack! A little "card surgery" and all is well! LOL
Oh, I wanted to briefly note an interesting development re: the Emperor. When I went on maternity leave, we cut back on his preschool hours-- first dropping him down to 2 days, then back up to 3 for a while, and now down just to one (Wednesdays). I had noticed that on days he didn't go to school, he tended to be more open to trying stuff I made for dinner even if it wasn't his favorite. This week? I think he tried dinner every night, despite the fact that I made a lot of (to him) weird stuff. Tonight he tried EVERYTHING in his dinner-- noodles, bean sprouts, tofu, broccoli, peanuts-- and ate a ton.
I woke GTO up and said “Get up and get ready. We need to go to the hospital.”
The client whose cat died (discussed in the previous post) requested a necropsy (called an autopsy in human medicine) a day after the cat passed, which I performed.
Oh Mother of the Word Incarnate, despise not my petition, but in they mercy, hear and answer me. Amen.
Reports of chemtrails, jet plumes emitted from planes that hang in the air for hours and do not dissipate, often blanketing the sky in criss-cross patterns, have increased dramatically over the last 10 years. Many have speculated that they are part of a government program to alter climate, inoculate humans against certain pathogens, or even to toxify humans as part of a population reduction agenda.
I was crazy excited when I got the tracking number and saw the arrival date. My mailman was not quiet as excited to see me as I was to see him. One time I was stalking around my house practicing dry fire and he came to the door, ever since then he pretty much just tosses my packages in the vicinity of the porch. However on that day I met him at the mailbox and snatched the box from his hands. I was smiling and all "Oh, hi, is that for me?" "I am so happy to see you." and he was all "Yeah", and had a look on his face like, please for the love of God woman just go back into your house. I guess a hyper active housewife with an enthusiastic look in her eyes and gun makes some people uncomfortable.
She then joins up with a magical (possibly imaginary) cowboy (Nicholas Saputra) who teaches this naïve and entirely passive spirit about magic. She becomes her assistant until, one day, he disappears from her life just as suddenly as he entered it and Lana (nonplussed as ever) embarks on a new phase of her life as a prostitute in a gentleman's sauna. Wearing the number "33" and viewed from behind one-way glass by the establishment's clientele, Lana is evidently now living out her life in much the same way as the giraffe she recites facts about endlessly.
Publisher: Piraeus Books LLC
This time, I began my regimented method by choosing several paint cards and placing them in my cart, but, in my hurry to escape the cold night air, the cards never made it into my car. When painting day arrived, I was eager to begin and rushed to the big box, gave the cards a cursory glance, and chose two colors that seemed to be a warm gold. After the paint was mixed, I was given the routine preview, and the paint seemed rather orange, but I figured the store lighting was just off.
Our friend Maranda of Persnickety Vintage was helping another vendor at the show but she'll be selling on her own at the next Randolph Street Market.
Once I did find the right combination, my tolerance for alcohol was so much lower than it had been that I couldn't have drunk the way I used to if I wanted to.
The Roman empire popularised Christianity and the first Latin translation of the bible was called the Vulgate. This is believed to be around 400 AD and contains 80 books. (39 old testament + 14 apocrypha + 27 new testament).
When squash and beetroot are done, remove from oven and set aside to cool slightly.
4. Beating the Heat, Tickled Pink style, Volume 1. Ohmy. Are we in the dog days of summer or what? This evening found husband shirtless , myself in tanktop and short shorts 8 years old and only relegated to the house(classy, redneck! Thanks for your applause) drinking beer/cool white wine and eating sorbet on the back porch. One must have a Tervis Tumbler to go and cool drink this time of year.
PRESIDENT OBAMA: Good evening from Bagram Air Base. This outpost is more than 7,000 miles from home, but for over a decade it’s been close to our hearts. Because here, in Afghanistan, more than half a million of our sons and daughters have sacrificed to protect our country.
“You did well Agatha… Your Father would surely be proud” he says with a smile.
Real change happens through these relationships, and no one can deny that relationships are difficult. Though the journey is arduous, the rewards are much greater and longer-lasting than the temporary feel-good high we gain when we participate in slacktivism. PAIR changes the lives of both refugee and college students for the better, and I am forever grateful for my time with PAIR these past four years.
I am quite sad that it is my last day here with you on the Peachy Keen Blog, but I have had so much fun this week. I thank you all for supporting me and coming back every day to see my projects.
Nita Hanson told CNN's T.J. Holmes that she was "confused" by her conversation with Schlessinger, and claimed that she wasn't saying that it was o.k. for blacks to use the word, but not for whites. So that there is no ambiguity, and my readers don't fall for Hanson's current story, let's review the central passage of the radio dialogue.
3. Are human rights left wing twaddle? and
“She was the girl talking on the phone and she had been looking for me since she was able. Despite her brain damage and crippled body she had survived, grown up, married and had children. She wanted to say “thanks” and to tell me how she had got on… about her home, her children and husband.
Why is it that 80% of the world suffers job dissatisfaction? Why is that apparently the biggest cause of death by heart attack in the US, above all else, above poor diet, above bad relationships, is job dissatisfaction?
That same day I was meeting a friend of mine for some thrift store shopping. On the way an old abandoned, shady looking hotel/bar that sits right on the edge of the Colorado River caught my eye. I have passed this particular place many times before and have always found it intriguing but this particular day I took the time to seek out the name of it so I could do a little research on it.
Lets get out there and start changing the world.
This information is incorrect.
I love the cute bright pink packaging and price (£5.49) but I’ve found the actual product a little harder to get along with. I’ve found it difficult to do a very good eyeliner line with this pen. I’ve found it works well when I hold the pen vertically against my eye for a thin line along the lashes, but when I try to do a thick winged line its a lot more challenging. Thats not to say it isn’t possible – blogger LionLovingTiger is clearly an expert at it! – but its apparent from the mixed reviews that this isn’t the easy eyeliner wonderproduct I was hoping for. For beginners non-eyeliner pros, gel eyeliner applied with a brush is still definitely the easiest route to winged eyeliner perfection.
The book explores various issues: what makes up a family? What is Unc’s true story, and why did he take the fall for his evil older brother? There are many more tangents and twists, and while I wouldn’t say this was one of my all-time favorite books, it was an enjoyable read.
Oscar de la Renta
This step is totally optional and depends on your preference.
Inside this darkened castle
While attending a chic banquet being thrown by Alfredo and Laura, Emanuelle witnesses an orgy that transpires, funny enough, after an elderly senator finds a golden peanut wedged in his slice of cake. You see, whoever finds the golden peanut wins the entire cake. I know, it doesn't sound like much of a prize. I mean, really, who needs that much cake? But underneath all that flour and frosting awaits a surprise, a sexy, naked surprise. Sitting cross-legged and wearing nothing but creamy layer of icing, the senator grabs his prize by the hand (a young woman whose face practically screamed undignified bemusement), and proceeds to lick her body with a reckless form of abandon. As you would expect, the man's aggressive tongue work on the cake lady seems to send the crowd into a bit of a frenzy, as they all start tearing their clothes off.
As the last sausage sizzles itself into silence, it is now possible to examine the merits, if any, of the ORFU rescue extravaganza. As soon as the ORFU started extending its own life just over two weeks ago, it was pretty easy to see that there was about as much chance of the ORFU actually falling off the back of the gravy train as there was of Kate Winslet falling off the back of the Titanic only thirty minutes into the film.
Here's one of the cards she recently made for us which you can see instore and view on the online gallery.
“Well, I’m glad you’re feeling braced,” I said.
Flawed and irritating characters belong in fiction. But characters who are poorly written or who are repulsive to most readers deserve to be shunned. Yet, keep in mind that some characters, no matter how abhorrent, can make compelling stories.
Directions: Place a group of different animal cards on the chalk tray. Have the students name what animals that they see. Students hide their eyes while the teacher removes one animal card. Then the students look and guess which animal is missing. Who ever guesses right gets to remove an animal and have everyone guess "Who's Missing".
So I stuffed the bottom of the flowerpot with old newspaper to make it stable and to reduce its depth.
I start cussing under my breath.
She was spotted wearing the ring, pictured below, as she left Universal Studios in LA today. The ring doesn’t look like engagement ring so perhaps it was a publicity thing, or they are just being unconventional? Who knows. However, I know that Jen should not be jumping into such a serious commitment so soon!
Instead, I’ve been looking forward to the trip itseld. My decided to drive me out there with my stuff. We are going to pick up my two sisters along the way. All five of us haven’t been together since Thanksgiving. That may not seem that long but Noel was very distant from our family for years so the few chances when we get together are especially significant. Our vacation out to see her last summer was the first time since high school that we all really connected again.
Ohh, this is me… I shouted having a glance at my snap in today’s newspaper. But what the HELL is it doing in the death column?? ……..Strange !…
Kopple did include a great deal of information to contextualize the strikers' situation, in the form of historical footage recovered from the collections of local filmmakers and news outlets, as well as from the National Archives and elsewhere. This material includes 16mm footage shot of violent miner protests in the 1930s, and more recent footage concerning the activism and subsequent murder of UMW presidential candidate Joseph Yabloski in 1969. Seeing these clips edited into the film roughly chronologically, interspersed with footage from the strike, informs us of the blood-soaked history of the labor movement in coal country in general, and Harlan County in particular. She also interviews old-timers who remember the battles of the thirties and can put their direct experience into words on the soundtrack. The historical context is vitally important to the success of certain sections of the film, as when the April, 1974 conviction of Yablonski's murderer seems to increase the morale of the strikers, who by then had been picketing for months on end. Without an understanding of the basic structure of events, this moment would have far less impact.
2 accomplished
These are only two of many recipes that can be re-arranged, re-developed or invented from scratch that work great for lunch. If you have a day off, treat yourself to a warm lunch, or if your work has a microwave, even better. The tuna and broccoli noodles are quickly becoming a favourite dish of mine, and the couscous salad is easy to transport, superquick and supereasy to make. But whatever you want to take with you, do invest in a good lunch box. Don’t do it like me, you’ll have tuna leaking all over your bag and you’ll be smelling it for weeks! Although I must say, I do enjoy the company of the cats I’m attracting.
boots-Junya Watanabe Comme des Garcons
Report: Interview with Josefina Vidal,
One of the most important things, in my opinion, for a parent of a child with SPD is to find other parents of children with SPD. It helps to be able to exchange ideas and lend/receive support from one another. It truly is exhausting. When B was a toddler, I found some Yahoo groups of other SPD parents. Being a part of those networks was critical for me at that time. My days were very lonely and frustrating, working with my daughter and wondering if there was something wrong with her or me because life was so different than it was when A was that same age. It's important to accept this difference as your own "normal." Wanting your child to be like non-SPD kids is only going to set you and your child, both, up for failure. God made them who they are and He doesn't make mistakes. You are a strong person and He trusts you to trust Him to help your child learn to live with SPD.
A heartfelt thank you goes out to Wendy Sue Anderson for joining us in the Tea Room last week as our distinguished Guest Designer :)
Would you feel safe if one would tell you that he had been in a trance and received a special message from God? I don’t think so. You might think they had a mental disorder and for good reason. I am safe in saying this for God is not adding to His Word today.
5. Jingle Bells
1/2 cup - 1 sliced bananas (optional)
A lovely day in Muscat:-)
And I don't mind dying, but for the love of you.
Remember those drops of blood on His forehead in Gethsemane? Those revealed the depth of His pain as He prayed for us in the garden. Even as a child, I understood it and whenever I considered my own pain, I remembered that bloody sweat on His brow. I understood that His sorrow was even greater than mine, and it gave me solace. I knew that His love towards me was beyond the grasp of my understanding.
The villain: Edward Barrett Moulton Barrett, 50’s. Every story, particularly has to have a villain (think of Billy Zane in Titanic) or a third person in the love triangle. In this film, it is Elizabeth’s father who vowed to disinherit his children if they married. I leave it up to the screenwriter to fill-in the psychological reasons for wanting to keep his children single forever. The original film suggested that Barrett liked Elizabeth a little too much. I don’t know about that but the Victorians were a strange bunch. My top choices for this role would be Alan Rickman or Jeremy Irons.
You have to kiss a few frogs along the way but, it shouldn’t take more than six or seven clicks before you discover a nice picture of the album you have in mind and, below that, not just a track-listing but more often than not, a pretty good précis on album X or Y together with… a download link, generally powered by either RapidShare or MegaUpload.
Here is a screen shot of the final map – 2 points with a popup.
Backing and batting: cut to match your finished top I think mine was 8.25 x 8.5 but you should measure yours first
The "projects" section contains 51 simple knitting projects including dishcloths, fingerless gloves, mug cosies, cushions, and scarves. Some of the projects are more detailed & complex, but most look like very accessible patterns that would be relatively quick to knit.
pretty
I now rise at 5 most mornings
I figured I could do it without too much instruction, but I followed Papi's orders and relayed the next step.
As someone must have said somewhere… it takes a big man to apologise. Being direct… and applying a mix of Oscar Wilde (above) and ‘Dirty Harry’… I end with this..“Are you feeling apologetic, Punk?…Are you?”
I simply adored this challenge the colours are so user friendly and immediately thoughts of summer and the seaside sprung to mind. I have used this theme to produce two pieces; firstly a double page in my altered book and secondly a set of 3 ATC's. The large flower I have used in my book is available here and comes in a set of two, the other flower in this set is orange, other colours are available.
man at the drive thru. Adkins and the unidentified man had an angry exchange, which led the 22-year-old black man to shoot Adkins, killing him, according to Fox News. ... The man who killed Adkins claimed self-defence and has not yet been arrested. (Oh, I'm sure Eric Holder, Al Sharp0tn and Jesse Jackson will be demanding "Justice." ~Bob.)
Starters is a unique dystopia that I simply couldn't put down. The concept of someone being able to take over bodies and puppet them around is so disturbing and creepy by itself. The very idea makes my skin crawl. But it doesn't stop there. Bringing in a malicious person who bypasses the safeguards to try to commit murder and implicate the innocent person is even worse. Then placing this situation in a world where teens are essentially abandoned and have no means of survival unless they have a living grandparent is insane. I would have thought it would be too convoluted and weird, but Lissa Price handles it with ease. Her writing and world building really drew me in. The world is vividly painted, especially the contrast between the lives of the penniless, fugitive Starters and the ridiculously rich, decadent Enders. The only thing I would have liked to see is a more detailed history of the Spore Wars, but this may be in the next book.
So, we contacted a nursery back East and spoke with them about the possibility of tenting them with a frost or freeze blanket, and were assured they would make it - and as you can see - they have. They are too large now to move in and out of the garage, so their home is in the sheltered courtyard by our front door. This summer they will be moved to the back yard, then planted a couple of months later, and before late winter rolls around, a tenting system will be in place - except the lime tree. That is going to our son's new home in Hanford.
The Winter Rye we planted as a cover crop in the vegetable garden, on the other hand, is quite healthy and ready to be tilled under so we can plant our lettuce, broccoli, and the like.
# Walking into a glass door (ok many have done it… but this is different) and kissing a guy who was apparently on the other side of the door.
I am going to take advantage of not having too much to do after next week and will be taking a mini-vacation to my dad’s cabin up in Kingston. It’s out kind of in the middle of nowhere, right by the river. It’s secluded and cozy and should be a nice little break for me. I won’t have access to any internet or phone service, so that will be interesting, unplugging from the world for a couple days. I am actually looking forward to it but I am a little concerned with how bored I might get. I am learning how to be able to do nothing, or not stay busy, but I tend to not be very good with that. I can “do nothing” by sitting on the couch and wasting a few hours watching tv, but even then, I feel lazy and like I wasted time. Every so often that feels good, and that’s only for a few hours. If I have more than one day off from work or school, I almost don’t know what to do with myself. I was sick a while back, and after one day of laying around doing nothing, I had to help my brother rearrange the furniture. Even that felt normal. And that isn’t normal. So I am going to take a couple books with me, my iPod and my laptop to charge it and edit playlists, but other than that, I think that is all I am going to take. I was going to take some stuff to set up a lesson plan or camp plans, but I think I will leave that at home, to keep from having too much to do. I want enough to keep me from getting bored, but I also want to be limited to what I can do. I want to shut off, relax and just BE. I think it will be good for me.
It was Flora. She was behind me and to my left. I turned just in time to see the bench roar to life as it was dragged without help across the porch. It swept me into the air and onto the ground beyond the steps easily as if I were one solitary bowling pin. The bench rolled and I felt my back scream as I went over the back of it and struck my head. I caught the blur of Patricia as she danced out of the way in the nick of time, unharmed. When I rolled to a stop, Flora was standing above me. She said
The breakdown of three different music videos molded together into one was a great throwback to my childhood. The updated infamous red pleather jumpsuit was a great touch. The Glee rendition starts by clearly emphasizing Heather Morris’s great body in the traditional Slave 4 U outfit accompanied by the yellow boa and dually setting the scene with John Stamos and the nude/rhinestone costume (if you can call it that) leaving little of Heather Morris to the imagination.
Lubanga may be an abhorent man, and his manipulation of children is indefensible. However, it is hypocritical for the ICC to focus so much time and energy on prosecuting him, whilst completely ignoring the attrocities of the Zionist Internationale. Even the public murder in cold blood of Moammar Qadaffi did not raise a glance from the ICC.
If you haven't already done so, please check out the giveaway I have going on right now. Be sure to enter soon! It ends on Saturday and the winner will be announced on Monday.
The Great Eastern Shipping Sells Jag Lakshya Tanker 14
Me: Do you mean commode? As in another word for toilet?
How do you really feel?
Nico and her parents left to take a trip to Alaska the morning of the murders. Their flight left at six-
Why was he doing this?
I gave my baby daughter, a little ‘tea set’ as a gift and it was one of her favorite toys.
there’s a hole in the base. he’s not growing. he looks alive, but he is dead. he still doesn’t know it – we didn’t know it. to look at him, he looks fine. the years have gone by. he stands. looking alive. looking fresh. never growing beyond this point, but never really dying either.
You can give comments about this post. Actually, I need it to review my own abilities at writing.
the right of Muslims to practice Islam, and thus sharia law, in non-Muslim states and societies.
“Arsenal won’t finish anywhere near the top four.”
Stamp Ink: VersaMark, Ranger clear ep, Tim Holtz Distress Ink aged mahogany
Seminar title: How to use an interactive whiteboard effectively in your classroom.
Got some looks on the bus again for that. And again today.
The party started at 9:30 on Saturday morning and continued until the game began at noon. There was absolutely no food served during the gaiety (much to my surprise) but we did have lots of fun and so I decided that I would share some pictures with our readers.
The Special Investigations Unit said in a Tuesday release it will take a fresh look at the case of Adam Nobody, 27, whose nose and cheekbone were broken during a June 26 protest at Queen’s Park.
and set me free
Ringo Starr – “Photograph” (Apple)
If you can’t make the Kloster Andechs, you can try their beers at the Andescher am Dom in Munich. However, try to avoid it during football times as Bayern fans leave little room for anyone else. The Augustiner am Dom next door is an interesting place with one half being modern with TVs playing and the other half being traditional with a lovely upstairs snug.
While I don’t like the way the top of my head looks right now, I am optimistic. Every cloud has a silver lining. And I feel cautiously confident that it will grow in nicely and look much better in a week or so when it gets a bit longer. For the meantime, it’s time to break out the Yankee cap.
“We are now running out of time, and the question now is not what is happening to the climate, but how bad will it be before the world starts doing enough?” ~ Jonathon Porritt
#9 Major banks in the U.S., in Japan and in Europe have a tremendous amount of exposure to Greek debt. If they are forced to take major losses on Greek debt, quite a few major banks that are very highly leveraged could suddenly be in danger of being wiped out.
My daring words
As we advanced through the savannah, Ewoudt, the primary ranger, motioned us to stop and be still. Our eyes scanned the bushveld. Somewhere, lurking amidst the khaki and the gold was something large and grey. An elephant? No – the beast that lumbered into view was the archetypal armoured tank, a white rhino. Huge beast. Short-sighted and not at all keen on humans. We crept forward as the beast hulked between the bushes. We were downwind of him so he could smell us, if not see us. His twitchy little ears waggled back and forth and he looked increasingly unsettled. Then with a mighty snort he was off, moving with remarkable grace for one so huge (males weigh between 2040 – 2260 kgs) and disappeared down a hill.
A = vi
had wings others didn’t. We don’t know exactly what angels look like in heaven.
Firstly my lovely Squigglette Teamy Deb, has randomly chosen the three winners of our 'Thanks' Challenge and the lucky ladies are .......
Honestly, though, I’ve enjoyed gardening since I first started at 15. My uncle Bob gave me two little strawberry plants and I fell in love then and haven’t looked back. My strawberry plants led me into planting flowers, and then tomatoes and green peppers, and maybe some herbs this year. Not a very large or ornate garden, I know, but when you have a multitude of children and teenagers careening around your backyard, you make do with the space you have. My little garden is not much compared to some, but I treat it with the care and tenderness of a true farmer. I even defy my hatred of worms and slugs to attend my garden properly. UGH I hate worms and slugs. UGH ugh ugh. (That is the sentence of someone who just shuddered involuntarily.)
The weakest shilling Ale (60/- according to Horst) only 1030º.? No it wasn't. The Table Beer brewed in Scotland was stronger than that. These are William Younger's shilling Ales from 1868:
Didn’t I handle that soooooo well? Parent of the Year! I thought Evelyn had learned her lesson very effectively.
He said that given the average of 20,000 deaths and the third Q3 2011 roll showing an unusual spike in police and armed forces enrolment to 9,000, this could add another 30,000 to 50,000 dubious names.
But I had seen too many impoverished people who depended on taxis as their only means of transportation.
February 2012
These nine projects will build the impetus for propelling Mid-Michigan into a thriving and sustainable metropolitan region that is inclusive and beneficial to all socio-economic and demographic populations within the Greater Lansing community. It is a very exciting prospect to consider and long-range planning project to participate in. I will pass along updates on the program from time to time throughout the three-year timeframe.
And if possible, try to sell it to me like a used car salesman. I would think would be fun as well.
Our governments are the appointed puppets, and if they do not produce the required results in a prescribed time, they will be GIVEN the power to get real nasty. Pay your taxes and obey their stupid laws as far as possible. But whatever you do, don’t follow their wicked ways, don’t surrender your firearms, and don’t rely on their support for your spiritual growth or your survival. Be your own entrepreneur!
Modern liberals like imported beer (with lime added), but most prefer white wine or imported bottled water. They eat raw fish but like their beef well done. Sushi, tofu, and French food are standard Liberal fare. Another interesting evolutionary side note: most liberal women have higher testosterone levels than their men. Most social workers, personal injury attorneys, dreamers in Hollywood and group therapists are liberals.
Although Samsung Electronics is constantly exploring new technologies for our mobile devices, we have no immediate plan to include displays featuring 3D technology in our upcoming smartphones.
Shortbread Witch Finger Cookies
Anyways. We were showing a movie in the gymnastics hall (that’s where we had our cinema, with a pull down screen) and people and kids were fluttering everywhere. We were dressed in black and looking cool and as badass as can be. When the movie was over it was my task to make sure all people left the building. I was almost the last to leave, I saw the back of my security team as they walked down the stairs towards the exit and then it happened. I saw one of my colleagues sneaking inside. Doing something dodgy.
Wire brush rollers. Also easy to roll and secure, but can get entangled a bit and resulting styles not as smooth. A little itchy so if that bothers you may not be the rollers to use. Easily available.
23Though cold like you, unmov'd, and silent grown,
Sometimes it really pays off to go hunting through blogs and checking out older posts. Recently I went to the 25 Motif Challenge blog...there I saw something made by Tatting Goddess that I liked so I went to her blog. I had some time on my hands at that moment so I went checking through the older posts and came across a design that just called out to me so much I had to put aside other things I was making to work on it. I'd not seen this design anywhere before and I'm sooo glad I found it!
He was smiling, laughing, just only four days after he left in the dark
The first thought in my mind was, Holy shit, I took a piss in a transgender club.
- – - I’ll come back to this when it isn’t 12:50 am – - -
Afterthoughts - wood - hostess Level 1 Stamp set
But whatever you take us for. Broken.. Beautifully cracked… Human… I stand by you.
the worst bit is I have no one to comment on ......boo hoo...
handsets.Very soon, the items
- The theme is May Flowers (or Anything Goes if you use a Little Miss Muffet Stamps image)
The coolest reaction: vitamin C (acetic acid) turns iodine from brown to completely clear.
Yes. Maybe we do.
Tanaka Tomoyuki is the producer of “Like A Virgin”. He was DJing live at the “2NE1′s Party” event at WOMB, Shibuya.
Look, I’ll give you a real example of how you can dislike someone without having Fat Jealous Loser Syndrome…
Also don’t panic about government plans to ban below cost selling. A myth put about by people with beards is that supermarkets give their products away below cost. No business does this to any great degree and when it does it is usually on lines that are not moving out of the door. That stock is shunted out at whatever price it goes for and not replaced.
Today, I felt the reactions of the CF mothers whose children will be helped with this drug. So many of them lit up their Facebook pages with comments like, "What do you do when the FDA approves a drug designed to treat the underlying cause of your child's rare genetic illness? You scream and cry and laugh!" and "I'm shaking, crying and jumping for joy. Glasses raised for my child getting the chance to live a NORMAL life!"
Summer is here. I don't quite remember when it came, but at some point it finally did. My boyfriend is hot, I'm starting to get my shit together, learning more about love and life and how not to be a confused, selfish bitch, and meeting new people. I've got a couple of goals for the next couple of months; working on design work and my novel (the same one! I've kept to it... ).
I slip on my sunglasses and head for my car, thankful for the friendship and few minutes of peace that the bank has provided for me today, as unusual a location as it may be for such things.
The zombie is a great monster for a lot of different reasons. It shows what we are when the rules of society and civilization break down, and they show us what we’ll be sooner or later- we’ll be dead.
I just officially wrapped up my life as a college student last Saturday when I graduated from Pitt-Johnstown with a degree in marketing. My four years in college were some of the best so far and I took away a lot of lessons and experiences to apply in the “Real World.” I typed a lot of papers and worked with a lot of groups but the largest project I worked on was also my favorite by far.
But romantic fiction is just beyond my limit. I would not do it well.
Situated in Korea’s busiest subway stations, the QR code supermarkets – essentially wall panels with photos mimicking grocery shelves – let you scan the codes of the items you want with their smartphones – you’ll then have your chosen items delivered straight to your home.
So... I have made it a point to put a smile on my face while I am out shopping even when I may not feel like it.
Here are the masterpieces:
2. Place cucumber slices on several layers of paper towels; cover with additional paper towels. Let stand 5 minutes, pressing down occasionally.
Throughout it all a seizure never cracked
Baking with gluten-free flours is an art that requires an open, beginner’s mind and a sense of humor. I’ve made many a brick door stop, and winged more than my share of inedible hockey pucks into the trash bin. Gluten-free flours do not behave in the same manner as wheat flour, and the old rules do not apply. For instance, gluten-free bread dough is never kneaded. It is simply beaten like muffin batter and scooped into a pan. I’m still not used to it.
Cell 773 458 3150
* Photograph your projects. Post photographs and product recipes to your blog, to Splitcoaststampers, and any other galleries of your choice.
Attended the Music in the Schools showcase last night at Backspace, one of the few all-ages venue in Portland, worthy of support for that reason alone. Extra kudos for being a coffee shop that has a pool table, (it has a lot of spin to it, watch out), and there tends to be interesting art on the walls to gaze at and ponder.
Now from the sixth hour there was darkness over all the land until the ninth hour. And about the ninth hour Jesus cried out with a loud voice, saying, “Eli, Eli, lema sabachthani?” that is, “My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?” And some of the bystanders, hearing it, said, “This man is calling Elijah.” And one of them at once ran and took a sponge, filled it with sour wine, and put it on a reed and gave it to him to drink. But the others said, “Wait, let us see whether Elijah will come to save him.” And Jesus cried out again with a loud voice and yielded up his spirit.
Terms & Conditions
In the end, I realized that despite all the problems and issues I have with my life, I AM STILL BLESSED. Yes I have counted friends, but such is not a weakness. They are in fact a source of my strength.
Last night and then again tonight and tomorrow morning we are forecast to get another one of those "OOPs just kidding" Killing frosts like the one that ruined my apples last year. Fortunately the frost this morning did not really materialize even though I had covered all the seedlings with black plastic last night.
Those of us born after 1980 are the first generation that has grown up with the internet, allowing us to not only learn about remote regions of the world, but to communicate with those regions in real-time. And then, in a matter of seconds, we can just as easily purchase a plane ticket for a visit .
FOR THE “MEATBALLS”
The large scale and dramatic increase in nuclear power over the next several decades envisioned by the Govt appears to have been planned without broad consultation and serious consideration of recent developments in other energy sources. The Koodankulam imbroglio, together with the Fukushima disaster, provides an opportunity to pause and initiate a greater public debate on energy needs and possible means of satisfying these needs in as benign a manner as possible, so that citizens can participate meaningfully in the process, without feeling alienation caused by policies being rammed down on their lives.
if there wasnt any u wud compile reason to find it..
Worse still, dailies ignore exigent kids. Their existence is denied by
The kitchen had blown too.
there will be no treats tonight,
I appreciate your time
So I hope everyone takes a little time out of your day today, to teach your children something about our history and to talk to them about Martin Luther King Jr.
-We have a lot of new ways to connect to the department–check out our social media!
The Maya termed the new era the Nine Bolomtikus, or nine Hells of 52 years each. As the nine cycles unfolded, land and freedom were taken from the native people. Disease and disrespect dominated. What began with the arrival of Cortez, lasted until August 16, 1987 – a date many people recall as Harmonic Convergence.
"Cheers Elvis".
Reaching out to your Sun in worship’s enthrall.
Birgitte Can it get any worse!
It all started when a legal assistant at the Toronto law firm representing the supposed seller noticed irregularities in the real estate transaction. She inquired with Sutton Group All Pro Realty, the brokerage that supposedly represented the seller. But Gail Fulton and Doug Lytle, staff members of the brokerage, were shocked to find that they had no record of such a deal.
See you tmw at 8am EST with our next challenge!!
5) Roulette Dares (The Haunt Of) – The Mars Volta – from “De-Loused in the Comatorium”
I was blind.
but not generational support, and I do mind giving money for wasteful spending—of which there is much. We need to elect leaders today who will have the courage to refuse to incur even one more dollar in debt. We need to stop the spending. We are robbing our children and grandchildren of the blessing of liberty in order to fund the reckless spending of government today.
VERDICT: Texture-wise, these delivered as I had hoped. They were fluffy, light and these babies soaked up the syrup like nobody's business. Flavor-wise-- you can clearly taste all the notes of eggnog. Vanilla-custard, slight background of nutmeg and a bit sweet. The truth is, my husband didn't like them. He still doesn't like eggnog. My son ate them, but remains undecided if he likes eggnog. Me? I'm the one who doesn't love pancakes as much as they do. I loved them. Every single bite. It took me back to that Christmas Eve, when my family sipped my homemade eggnog and went back for more.
“Eat!” he announces, and so all of the very nervous party, then begins to eat… Save Hemmingbyrd, who is too busy listening to their conversation to bother with food, and Morr, who prefers blood.
All in all, the big corporations are fucking it up yet again for the little people, whether that's you, me or Satnam Singh.
Because only my team knew that I was pregnant I was getting funny looks parking in the MD’s spot. People wanted to ask me but didn’t dare which was really funny and I quite liked the gossip. Of course when they found out I was pregnant it all clicked into place!
♥ Easy to clean.
The gospel says we are utterly incapable of achieving righteousness: offensive!
A Chinese restaurant, Leon Ha specializes in Tun Foo (I got this right Ivan?) kind of like tofu. As usual I let Ivan order.
Thermacare 2ct $1/1
Move past broccoli, broccoli and more broccoli or carrots, carrots and more carrots. Quick, name five vegetables cooked in the last month. Can you? Most of us eat the same couple of vegetables cooked in the same ways again and again. To eat more vegetables, first get out of the rut of your own version of same-old same-old broccoli or same-old same-old baby carrots. Start by identifying just one new vegetable to try. To start online, for an eye-opener about all the many vegetables are easily available, see the Alphabet of Vegetables. But for real inspiration, visit the produce department in the grocery store and pick one whose color or shape appeals. Vegetables are quite beautiful, aren't they?! Then come back to the Alphabet of Vegetables, or search Food Blog Search for a recipe that appeals.
Isn't he cute? I love that he's mostly made with heart punches - the Full Heart & Heart to Heart punches. I popped up the layers with dimensionals too, to make him stand out more. Mr Bunny is a case of one by the very clever Carol Dunstan, who showed a cute Easter card featuring him, on an SU Demo forum. Thanks so much, Carol! He's adorable.
Ah… well, that’s the conundrum of social media. Your personal life is public. In fact, we choose to make it public. Very much so.
Happy Monday friends!
Gupta of Booz adds that since Domino’s Pizza is increasing market share, “some chains are probably, in a small way, trying to counter their success.”
Geary's calls their Summer Ale a kolsch-style. Kolsch (there should be two dots over the "o" there) is an ancient German style of brewing. In fact, only beer of this style brewed in Cologne, Germany is allowed to be called Kolsch (the name of the town is actually Koln, again with the two dots over the "o" - Cologne is the Anglicized way of saying it). I'd never really heard of this style before. It's made with all barley (no wheat), and is very light in color and flavor. Unlike the ubiquitous lagers, there should be a subtle fruity or tangy aftertaste. The German Beer Institute website has an excellent entry on Kolsch, and Carolyn Smagalski at Bella Online has a great article, "The Seductive Style of Kolsch" that includes a list of American kolsch-style beers, including Geary's Summer Ale.
I’m not a leftist trying to smuggle in my evil message by the nefarious means of fantasy novels. I’m a science fiction and fantasy geek. I love this stuff. And when I write my novels, I’m not writing them to make political points. I’m writing them because I passionately love monsters and the weird and horror stories and strange situations and surrealism, and what I want to do is communicate that. But, because I come at this with a political perspective, the world that I’m creating is embedded with many of the concerns that I have… I’m trying to say I’ve invented this world that I think is really cool and I have these really big stories to tell in it and one of the ways that I find to make that interesting is to think about it politically. If you want to do that too, that’s fantastic. But if not, isn’t this a cool monster? [Wikipedia]
N.D. Ill. - 46.2%
Presently,news filtered back to the kitchen that Hercule Poirot and his missus were holding the offending trifles up to the light,brows furrowed in puzzlement at the lack of a promised (and greatly anticipated) chocolatey saucey indulgent layer.
The premier also refused to be drawn regarding the previous speculation that it was CHEC which had been earmarked to develop the airport as a result of comments made by the premier.
first up is a playhouse.
But, what impressed me the most was the way that each of these art objects told a story without words and using the humblest of materials. Yes, I know a picture is worth a thousand words and all that stuff, but when is a word worth a thousand pictures? When is it impossible for a story to be told in any medium but words?
with us, as the changes are seconds away.
Sort of neat. I hope to be able to find Change 1, January 40, 1939 and Circular 136, 207, and 248 (1941) to complete this discussion.
There just happened to be some cool hot rods outside Kincaid’s, so we took a pic in front of their favorite…nice work boys and no I can’t take you for a ride. Wish I could. You guys ever heard of a Wagoneer?
I drive up Sunset Boulevard. It feels surreal. I see the names of some streets that I recognise, mainly from the movies. And I see road signs pointing the way towards Beverly Hills.
There is one city in particular. I went there only a couple of weeks ago and I’m ten thousand words into the first draft now. But I have a strict rule never to talk about work in progress. It always seems a bit presumptuous and possibly bad luck. What I can say is I have my eyes on a new story, set in a different European
Gov. Kasich, a Republican, confided to the press pool that he spent much of the first half of the game lobbying the President on shale gas development in Ohio. Kasich was touting the glories of fracking, a kind of drilling that has become highly controversial, but he was attempting to assure the President that it can be done safely. No tap water will be igniting in Ohio, if all goes as Kasich plans.
"There were those who told me that you can't defy the data," King said. "Black boys are killed. Black boys drop out of high school. Black boys go to jail. Black boys don't go to college. Black boys don't graduate from college.
So .... about my job. HHG told me that they were very sorry, that they had no idea this was coming down the pike, but their client had told them to reduce costs on their contract. My position was more or less a luxury position, so it meant that my position, and me along with it, had to go. (I say luxury, because my role as a technical writer was to make the company look and sound good — I didn't do any product development or fill a role that was a requirement of the contract.)
In May 2006, NME reported that Albarn was working with Danger Mouse on his first solo album, tentatively titled The Good, the Bad and the Queen. However, in July 2006, NME reported that those plans had been switched to the formation of a new band titled The Good, the Bad and the Queen. This proved to be inaccurate, as Albarn and other members of the group have indicated that The Good, the Bad and the Queen is the name of the album and not the band itself (which will remain unnamed). The group's line-up is composed of Albarn, former Clash bassist Paul Simonon, Verve/Blur/Gorillaz guitarist Simon Tong, and drummer Tony Allen of Fela Kuti's band, Africa 70.
A federal court in California has ordered seven technology companies in the state including Apple, Intel, Adobe and Google to face a private antitrust suit from five former employees, who alleged that the companies conspired to eliminate competition between them for skilled labor to suppress compensation and mobility of employees.
If it's ultra-success you're after, skip the reading and take my friend Brian Tracy up on his free offer now: Download your free chapter now.
A woman's right - to speak more than men, and male responsibility - to do more than a woman.
They're queueing up in various countries. Bloomberg's report suggests the reasons are principally for tax evasion and avoidance but numerous readers' comments make it clear that what is objectionable au fond is the attitude of their fellow-Americans to those who prefer elsewhere: that they are tax cheats; that they are rich and disloyal; that they need to be made to pay.....
Although the max 60KW (~80hp) output can be reduced from the steering wheel, its normal for the driver to use the full 80hp boost each time they engage the KERS boost. With a reliable KERS, the driver will use the full 6s boost on every lap. Media reports suggest Red Bulls iteration of the Renault KERS does not use this full 60kw. Instead something like 44kw, providing less of a boost, but allowing smaller batteries to be used. The loss in boost being offset by the overall benefit in car packaging.
It follows that nothing has been “accepted” either.
Wake me into the
SATURDAY, APRIL 10
- My Wife says: Hoarders is the greatest.
Yeah, yeah- I know. That one day a year people either love or hate. Yet another commercial day to "celebrate" with loads of candy, card-sending, and unnecessary money spent on (sometimes extravagant) gifts.
"There is an alarming misconception about fertility among women," said Dr. Pasquale Patrizio, professor in the Department of Obstetrics & Gynecology at Yale School of Medicine and director of the Yale Fertility Center. "We also found a lack of knowledge about steps women can take early in their reproductive years to preserve the possibility of conception later in life."
So many things have changed, and yet so many things remain the same. I listen to the giggles and shouts of the two little boys who live next door. Asking daddy a million questions; crying for mommy when one of them falls.
Eventually my sickness will waver and illness will pass
The mother talks and talks and talks on her cell phone to someone who’s not present at Eilers Park.
Subject: 2012 GLA Elections
Hello and welcome to our next challenge here at Craft Your Days Away.
An article in the New York Daily News discusses street harassment (i.e., various forms of sexual harassment in public spaces such as catcalling, groping, flashing, etc.). The article says that according to a Cornell University study of 223 reports, “nearly two-thirds of street harassment was verbal; 29 percent included physical touching, and 4 percent included ‘nonverbal actions’ like staring or taking pictures.”
It is true that the Christian Bible frowns upon homosexuality. However, the EPPC says one of its main missions is to “forge alliances within their communities, and work together to promote a shared understanding of the common good.” Santorum seems to have found quite the crisis between mission and action. Likening a homosexual man’s bedroom activity to bestiality, incest, and bigamy is not the way to forge an alliance with the community – or in Santorum’s case, the voter base.
Keystone Resistant Giant Bell Pepper - 72
Anyhow...I'm sure most of y'all have similar memories. I mean, who among us hasn't, at one point in our life, operated an old-fashioned lemonade/Kool-Aid stand. I hope your memories of those days are as sweet as mine. I hope, also, that you might be similarly inspired to seek out a once-dear friend and renew your acquaintance with her. Doing that will undoubtedly be even sweeter than the lemonade ever was!
The performances were impeccable. Streep, particularly, portrayed Thatcher's airs and graces brilliantly, and she nailed the unmistakeable voice of such a globally recognised person with aplomb, the fact she is native to a country which usually struggles with British accents makes her expertise even more impressive. Jim Broadbent also captured Denis's unvarnished character and down-to-earth wit extremely well, whilst Tony Head reined himself in nicely to mirror Geoffrey 'dead sheep' Howe's self-effacing nature.
Although he never confirmed or denied the connection, the story was thought to be autobiographical, built on an incident that happened to Brautigan at age thirteen.
Work on your instrument as well as your writing and your ability to translate your experience and express it in a way that is authentic to you. There is so much music out there these days – it’s so easy to get lost in sound and imitation. What really sets amazing musicians apart is their very subtle, intangible ability to weave authentic stories into music.
We have also had some more film interest in Uncle Montague's Tales of Terror. I was sent a link to the website of the director who is interested in the idea and his showreel was really nice and he would be a very good match for my writing I think. I should be having a meeting about that in the not too distant future and I'll let you know anything concrete.
Leader's narrative was the chilling voice of religious extremism, "ambiguous" depictions of pedophilia, and cult violence, while Tamotsu's narrative was an intimate voice describing his relationship with his family and the peace he was seeking along with peaceful members of the commune. One was ideology, the other utopia. The voice of one person and one principle, really, but currently split and becoming more and more eerie as they increasingly imitated each other and finally merged into one principle and entity.
1992 – Roja
Self-Pity
Caligula wakes up. His mind must be foggy from all the wine but he can still comprehend what is happening enough to call out to The Praetorian Guard outside. The rest of our crew flee for their lives but Young Master just holds on tight to me even when I plead for him to let go. The last thing I see is Young Master’s brave smile as he shelters me from harm and danger.
40 THERE are 67,000 people employed in the lobbying industry in Washington DC - 125 for each member of Congress.
Ralph S. O’Connor
We wish Shannon, Dan, Julie and LK all the best. They've got their work cut out now!
We have filmed interviews with the family members of these and other children who have suffered at the hands of these criminals and we are going to put an expose of this affair on BNPTV.
"OK. What project do you want to do? Build a toy/game/model? Create art? Make a book?", I indulged hoping to get to the specifics he had in mind, not realizing that he wanted to do it right then.
Pictured: Left: Jesmyn Ward, right: Lemon Andersen.
DevHook will allow users to run ISO images of games from the memory stick. This has the huge advantage of being able to conserve battery life significantly, since the mechanical drive with all its moving parts is a bit of a power-hog. More recent games require a bit of jumping through hoops, however. It doesn't need a UMD in the drive tho, for those that have dead drives...
James Emanuel, "Sonnet For A Writer"
John Lennon is often credited with the quote, “Life is what happens while you’re busy making other plans.” Oh, how insightful! Every time the gear touches down in a foreign country that I’ve dreamt of or read about, I know I’ve found my happiness–and I almost still can’t believe I’m here.
Here's an excerpt:
In a relationship when both parties become emotionally unstable the relationship collapses and what remains is struggle and strife. It is also possible for one party to trigger the other into emotional instability while not losing the present adult state of mind but can lose the other party if not careful by using the tools mentioned.
So there are 50 million Weixin users with the majority being between 22-30. It helps if you know Chinese but many of the users are non-Chinese and/or know English. But that may also be because I’m using it in China. How about you guys try it in the states and tell me who you find?
A copper strongbox was placed inside the cornerstone. Inside the box were Confederate, American, and Mexican currency, a copy of the police payroll, a roster of City employees, a ticket to the “New Theatorium” at 111 West Sixth (presented “with the compliments of Morgan Moving Pictures”), calling cards, union cards, various trinkets, and a note that read, “I’m for the dam and against local option.”
This is an American speed limit sign.
If there is a patron saint of blogs it should be William Saroyan (unless, of course, it is Sei Shonagon)
The Book of Kells is one of the most well-known and most sumptuous illuminated manuscripts from medieval times. It contains the first four Gospels of the New Testament (Matthew, Mark, Luke and John), The Canon Tables, Breves Causae, Argumenta, and glosses. Because of its variety of influential styles during this historic time, there is dispute over an accurate dating, but many believe the book was written during the 8th century. The artistic style is called “insular” while the type is called “insular majuscule.” The scrolling lines, minute detail, image within image, and abstracted letters are part of what makes this book so enchanting to observe. Images of people and zooamorphic figures intended to be both serious and humorous interact with the type and interlacing designs. With its intensely detailed pages, the book’s purpose was to be read only for very special occasions by the monks, and it was kept at the altar of the Kells Church in Ireland. When this manuscript was stolen in 1007 A.D., the Colum Cille, as it was called prior to 1621, was described as “the most precious object in the western world.”
After the battles were finally done, I thought everything had been settled ... I thought ... until tonight, when I received five notifications, dating back to the first month I was on my new plan. A federal insurance plan audit had revealed that two companies and one doctor that provided medical care over the past two years, had billed the wrong (federal) plan. And they had been overpaid ... paid by the wrong plan ... the federal plan of course.
Can you not see the logic of this for man was created in the image of God? So he will do all he can using his arsenal of weaponry to destroy the work of the God. This would be especially true were one the apostle of the Gentiles. For that reason Paul could envisage what he said in Acts 27:10. “Sirs, I perceive that this voyage will be with hurt and much damage, not only of the lading and ship, but also of our lives.”
I'd like to award BOTH awards to the following bloggers whose blogs I really enjoy reading!
When it was first published in an expensive hardcover edition, I sold HOUSE OF ZEOR on a money-back guarantee to over 60 Spock Fans because the book was written specifically to prove my thesis in STAR TREK LIVES! about the reason that people love Star Trek, but especially about why they love SPOCK. I never had anyone return a copy for their money back. I nailed it. I captured the “liminal” effect that “Spock” creates for a very small, very well defined sub-set of the Star Trek viewers.
Remind everyone of your threat to move to Canada if the political Zeitgeist doesn't shape up. Divide yourselves equally between people who will flee to Canada because it's full of pacifist diversity-minded hippies, or because you're going to get a job in the 1890s style oil boom economy where people go to the saloon after work with a six shooter on their belt. Never leave your cubicle or your couch, though.
After thinking of just those ideas, I realized The Rite Aid Cleveland 5K is Saturday morning and the Kids' Run is a couple hours later. The 5K starts by Browns' Stadium and actually ends INSIDE the stadium and it says "on the field"! For a life long Browns' fan like Jeff (please don't hold that against him, he's from the Cleveland area), it was too good to be true. He immediately said yes when I asked him if he wanted to run it. Signing Zachary up for the kids' run is also a no-brainer. He LOVES racing! And he will be even more excited that he will get his very own medal.
Or it's like an alternate plot for Ghostbusters: instead of finding out that Sigourney Weaver's New York high-rise is literally an antenna for the supernatural, they realize that it's some strange form of architectural clock, with a massive pendulum inside – a great damper – its cables hidden behind closet walls and elevator shafts covered in dust; but, at three minutes to midnight on the final Halloween of the millennium, a deep and terrifying bell inside the building starts to toll.
Hey there, everyone! It has been awhile since I've posted!! We were in Big Sky for a week with Josh's parents, and then last week I was just busy getting back on schedule and all that. It was nice to have a couple weeks off from deadlines and such.
golden brioche, celeriac cream and king brown mushrooms
However, as much as I love avocados, in this instance I felt like that was a little much. (Though you might disagree). The aioli was good too, but I thought the only thing better would be some lemon & garlic-spiked goat cheese!
There is one other moment that I always think of in Portland.
And so it was that one New Year's Eve night, in the middle of a harsh winter, as the old woman shuffled about the stove preparing her meager tea as an offering to her ancestors, there came a knocking at the door.
It is apparent that band images from ‘real’ blots may have been digitally reassembled into new blot images pretending to be derived from distinct experimental settings. Since ‘reconfigured blots’ have been densimetrically scanned and the results illustrated in tables and figures, we are presumably confronted with a case of severe data fabrication.
So why don’t I just leave my husband you might be asking? I stay because of my children. I stay because they are so normal and smart and well adjusted. I don’t want to do anything to hurt that. I would rather stay in a dead relationship than risk changing them. I am trying to live my life right now emotionally invested in their day to day activities. If you were to be in my house while they are here you would think we are the perfect family and in many ways we are. My lover is a secret side of me…..not them.
“Giving Rhythm a Rhythm” is a typographic installation where the word “rhythm” isn’t just a word to describe an act but more to express it.
FreeIrishWoman
"Therefore confess your sins to each other and pray for each other so that you may be healed. The prayer of a righteous person is powerful and effective."
I have been home for at least two hours and I’m still in a pissy mood.
The first year passed quickly. 12 months on I still had no idea what I wanted to do and although I hated being poor, I realised that I loved my job. The books were interesting, my colleagues were bright, funny people and I felt that I was quite good at what I did.
One of the most common mistakes a novice makes is being pessimistic even before things start. Of course things are always rough at the beginning because of certain adjustments that one has to make. Even so, as a beginner you shouldn’t be bothered by a negativistic attitude. You have to think positively and prove to yourself that things can go as planned. You have to think that the property you have can bring you money.
Solution: Swap the chocolate for spinach, nuts and seeds and soy beans. (Try graze!!) If you must have chocolate have dark chocolate instead as it apparently contains triple the magnesium of milk chocolate, so you’ll need less to feel full (less FAT/Calories too!).
If Ronald Reagan were alive today he would walk up to Obama after his incredibly slanderous and dishonest words, slap him right in the face, and say, “How DARE you?” But genuine and profound coward that he is, Obama goes after the legacy of a dead man rather than all the men Reagan named who are still alive to defend the record.
sun felt soooooo good!!
I received this as a review copy – there is obviously a ‘remarketing’ push on this as it appears to have originally been published in 1994, although I had never heard of it. I thought that I had never even heard of Hjortsberg, but after just a coupel of seconds of research, I have learned that he wrote the screenplay for one of my favourite 80s films (Legend) and he wrote Falling Angel, which was eventually adapted to become Angel Heart starring Robert De Niro.
Back to work tomorrow. That oughta spice things up.
We get to the new building that houses the pool. (My university is in a massive rebuilding phase right now.) I want to take them in there, even though it looks crowded, because this pool is supposed to be amazing. When we go in, I notice that my mom's nursing home is there on some kind of a field trip, and she is sitting in an armchair in the corner!
It is however a difficult and horrible subject. We have Mahler's Kindertotenlieder, what Toby Litt renamed as Deadkidsongs - infant mortality was common enough in the nineteenth and early twentieth century - but it's too much, too overwhelmingly much heartbreak. I can hardly bear to listen to the Mahler and I haven't yet opened up my copy of the Litt. Even here I prefer to illustrate this with a life-giving Picasso (life-giving is Picasso's great gift) rather than with a number of available Victorian deathbed scenes because Picasso always sees bigger and beyond to ever greater energy and restlessness.
Tuesday, I did not feel like putting that on Facebook so I ignored it and that was that. No big deal and I went on with the rest of my day. Later that afternoon Bruce and I went grocery shopping as our cupboards were bare. When we go shopping, he carries the bags into the house while I start putting everything away. It's done and over with quickly that way. This day though, Bruce had to go to the bathroom, so he went right straight into the house. I decided that I would bring in the groceries (which I haven't done in ages) and opened up the hatch. What I saw made me just stop in my tracks and say "Oh My God". Here's what I saw laying in the back of my SUV.
After doing what I came to do, Polly began sharing some stories like older people tend to do. She was making me laugh out loud repeatedly. Out loud! One of my favorite stories she told was about when her now-grown granddaughter was 5-years-old. Polly shared this story after talking about the church she loved, her faith and "those greedy preachers on TV." She and her hard-of-hearing husband were babysitting their granddaughter one day after school. When the little girl came in through the front door after getting off the bus, she strutted into the kitchen to where Polly and her husband were sitting, hiked up her leg, pointed in between them and arrogantly said, "That's my bagina" in a very, very matter-of-fact, straight-faced way and then went on about her afternoon.
A wash of red dye highlights the blush points on his face as his eyes narrow with anger, “She has not left me! How dare you even say that? Your own daughter-“
I've been kicking this question around in my mind in part after film critic Vadim Rizov posted this evisceration of the criterion of "personal" and "impersonal" in assessing Martin Scorsese's Shutter Island over at IFC's Independent Eye blog a few weeks ago on the eve of that film's release. In responding to some of the early reviews of the film that accused the film of being "impersonal," Rizov notes:
I am indeed preparing myself 'as if' a VBAC is a sure thing, to be
then using them to trace the shapes of letters.
Most memorable moment at Active?
Then we have the case of the RM142 million RazakSAT satellite malfunctioning barely a year after being commissioned.
"Give me some pre-packed cheese slices," said Tom craftily.
Well we actually had our Launch Day yesterday and it went very well! We took lots of class bookings and everybody loved our new studio, in fact one of the classes is already full booked! So I am feeling very positive about this new venture and maybe it will have been worth all the hard work (though not sure you can call sewing and crocheting hard work!).
Now just one more item of business before we go on to the Feb challenge.
I'm now at NYLON Magazine as the Director of Music Marketing, and I couldn't be happier about the legacy I've left behind! Please take a look at the commercial. Post it! Spread the love! Thank you!
Still, Gatta noted, that there are other, longer-term factors at work. For example, women have been graduating from college at higher rates than men for years and workers with a college degree generally have higher earnings potential than those without one.
so we focus on the good.
I guess the trick is in these darn “should” thoughts in my mind. They have been around since almost the beginning – and I know that I am no different in this regards from most people on this planet – and they make this life of mine much less enjoyable than it could have been. The inner judge that evaluates each second of life, matches it with some idealistic images and then comes up with a verdict: this is what I should do. I should be smart. I should be cool. I should be nice. I should be inspiring. I should be fit. I should lose weight, get educated, be a great father, be full of understanding and empathy for my friends and my mother and my wife, grow spiritually, shut up, speak smart, do this, stop doing that, be this way and stop being that way… And, of course, do not forget the past, because I shouldn’t have done that and I should have been the other way… And it also gets very tricky, you see: I should be happy. I should have a fulfilling life. Now this is some heavy stuff, because it seems to be helping and supporting, but in fact it is suffocating life in me.
Hi Everybody or Anybody who happens upon this today. Its been a year - a long ass muthafuckin year!
My dumber and dumbest stuff will go to and remain on the Tumblies unless I get so fed up with the social justice bloggers that I say Auf Wiedersehen and move myself over to Twitter (wouldn’t that be a sight to see), but I’ll cross-post on occasion, like when I write a post addressed to the people of Tumblr or what have you.
Coming on the clouds with fire
Glue (I use Herma removable)
3) Gradually make the children responsible for more and more of their own expenses. "By degrees pocket-money should include the cost of gloves, handkerchiefs, etc., until, finally, the girl who is well on in her teens should be fit to be trusted with her own allowance for dress and personal expenses." For my little ones, the cost of batteries is the first expense they must undertake to supply from their own money. I sell the batteries to them at about my cost. When they tire of buying them, I suggest they ask for rechargeable batteries as a gift (or save up for them). My oldest is about to take on the expense of buying her own toiletries, or at least some of them. For items that are necessary (like toiletries), I increase the allowance when I add the responsibility of covering the expense. For items that are discretionary (like batteries), I do not.
Deep inside I have these horrible thoughts of "what if"
Most people view the world of social networking as the ultimate time suck. While this may be true for some (I am, admittedly, a Twitter addict), social networking can also prove to be useful in forging friendships and comrades-in-writing-arms that can help to make even the most difficult parts of the writing journey shine.
1 teaspoon Cream of Tartar
9:33 - Eat breakfast: one whole wheat toast with butter, one granola bar (flax almond honey), two cups of water
I also found out yesterday that my former colleague (who had wanted to get out of the office for a long time – and she finally got her wish fulfilled, that’s why I’m training my other colleague) had taken three months (working in the week) before she was confident enough to be in the office alone.
Part of that enjoying the ride?
First, I used Snapseed to add a little drama and I used the new center focus to direct the viewer’s eye =D. Then I used a filter in Tadaa to add the tone and increase the vignette around the edges. I also used a little clarity to sharpen the image.
The trimmings are less this year - I do not have a tree in every single room and the herd of lighted deer and large trees wrapped in lights are conspicuously missing out in the front yard. I have not done one single Christmas craft. I have not staged and photographed every angle of my house to post here. (There is plenty of that already out there and I seriously doubt anyone will miss seeing a home tour post on Janie's Porch this year.)
Then the Europeans arrived and laughed at our people who had no education and thought our way of life was savagery. We had to fight them with spears to survive and ultimately lost the battle. They took our land and made us their slaves. They sold us to America and we became a trading commodity.
Another favourite is Wonderfile, where it all immediately goes black and white. Oh no, a big pile of papers all over your desk? I think your head might explode. How are you going to manage this? So try Wonderfile where everything is neat and tidy. Where you have to er, well, um… solve the problem yourself, prior to using the product. Yes your new wonder file will work wonders with your files, if you spend the time neatly tidying and putting them into some kind of order, beforehand. Otherwise you’ll still be looking through seemingly random piles of paper, only now placed in a file. Or you could just tidy up the piles of paper on your desk anyway, and save yourself some cash.
O' Chicken Man, O' Chicken Man,
8 large egg whites
Best UK draught :
That is the difference (or at least should be) between the world’s rebuke and a Christian’s rebuke. The world rebukes in order to slander, destroy, and bring pain. The Christian rebukes to bring humility and restoration. Whenever delivering a hard truth to someone, make sure that that is always your goal – not revenge.
Cardstock from CTMH
Popped into the offices of advocat Stein & Stein Inc. today to see if I could set up a meeting. Got a business card and was told to give a call to the attorney on it.
2) Because Brown was arguing against the ordinance doesn’t mean this is a discrimination issue for him. He’s saying homosexuality is a sin and shouldn’t be promoted as an acceptable lifestyle. Here’s another way to put this. In the Bible, the book Brown believes to be “the inspired Word of God, without error in the original writings,” it says this:
From the opening scene of Adrian Brody's character returning to consciousness while free-falling through sky, to the moment when the closing credits start to roll, this is a movie that never slows down. It's armed human killing machines versus aliens every bit as skilled in the art of killing as they are, but who have the advantage of superior tech and knowledge of the terrain. Unlike the original film and most of the three movie sequels and I-have-no-idea how many Dark Horse comic books (where the Predator aliens even fought Batman at one point), the hunt here takes place on the home-ground of the aliens, so the humans need every bit of skill they can muster.
Have you seen their stamps??? They are so funny. I really chuckled going through their site. I ended up choosing to work with this adorable giraffe and coordinating Above & Beyond sentiment. My oldest daughter has a thing for giraffes and just loved this fella!
5. Police NEVER firing tear gas and water cannons into Tung Shin Hospital
Oh hi - please bring me a chair - this tower I built out of chairs isn't tall enough to scare these demonstrators!
Banana Oat Cake
Give each “yes” response one point and count up your score.
The heavens that are ever expanding and infinite and the Earth which in comparison is a spec of dust. Overkill! Too much effort God and just bad planning. What were you doing?
Then the tidal wave comes when I realize Neely is feeling all the emotions above.
The best part about this blog has been exactly what I intended for it to be: to serve as a visual diary for myself and to motivate myself to look nice everyday.
The main points to remember when promoting a Clickbank affiliate product using PPC is to choose a highly converting product that pays high commissions. Then be original and try to view the product from a different angle than most marketers are using. Track your campaigns meticulously and keep on tweaking them until you see results. Start off with Google Adwords and when that is profitable then move on to the other PPC networks. By following these suggestions you should be able to build up a good solid business by promoting affiliate products using Pay Per Click.
Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency(JAXA)
That “I don’t care” would be his last words for good-bye.
Shout! You're Automatic starts with vocals over a funky drumbeat. The bass and guitar eventually appear, and the song evolves into a white-boy funk rocker complete with wailing vocals and saxophone. Daze in Daze Out is a new wave/disco hybrid. Good Time Girl is late 70's Stones influenced, laid back, subtle funky in verses, driving rock in chorus, and featuring another great soundscape guitar solo.
Thank you to all of my family and friends for being an amazing support group throughout this entire process - I couldn't have gotten this far without you!
Rights, as Ayn Rand said, are, “conditions of existence required by man’s nature for his proper survival. If man is to live on earth, it is right for him to use his mind, it is right to act on his own free judgment, it is right to work for his values and to keep the product of his work.”
Towns that had previously benefited from what Jeffries termed the "school-to-prison pipeline" will likely be more hard-up for revenue. I don't know if there will be town crises in New York like the one described in Maryland. But if there are, they may be the inevitable symptoms of withdrawal, however slow, from an unjustifiable system of criminal justice.
”The following video examines the nature and scope of anti-Jewish bigotry at the University of California. It was presented to President Yudof and the UC Regents last January, but no serious action was taken. Since then, the AMCHA Initiative has been working to bring this issue to light and effect change in University policy.” via http://amchainitiative.org/
It all began at a track meet in Eugene, Oregon. Despite suffering from a debilitatingly itchy, full-body rash brought on by a Flintstones vitamins overdose, I had the race of my life and qualified for the NCAA Midwest Regional meet in Austin, Texas.
It’s where I got the name from in the first place. In the case of the hexagram, it is comprised of two identical trigrams, which represent the element water.
I’ve never really been scared in my house before. (Key word: house. The first apartment I rented in New York had a basement level that was separated from the building’s storage area by a loose door with a lock you could break by breathing on it. I got scared all the time when I heard weird noises on the other side of the wall. Chances are, they were just the cockroaches coming out to play, but I could never be certain.)
What do you consider your most important rule/ guideline in blogging?
Say…..I am where I am!
Being so prepared doesn't go so well with living in an RV.
Things feel very different here at the moment. Molly is now at school two mornings a week and both her and Alfie are with the Childminder for two days as well. The house is very quiet without them which makes me feel sad. I guess I should enjoy the time to myself and get on with loads of work whilst I have the peace and quiet, but this week I have struggled to concentrate on anything. I feel like they are growing up too fast. I never thought I would say it, but roll on the summer holidays!
Now, so connection has been on my mind, so time spent well that is the ocean
Pakistan still hosts at least 16 active terror groups and, despite al-Qa’ida’s violent legacy, “public support remains high in countries such as Nigeria and Egypt, though it has steadily declined in others”.
Next, plant the bulb, leaving a third of it above the soil level. Water it once, really well, and then let it dry out between waterings. Set it in a sunny place and cross your fingers.
Discussion of question the need to any nuclear power plant will start in this summer at the Diet in Japan.
The elegant Shayla is a 1 ½” small-ribbed organza baby bow on a mini pinch clip. This baby hair clip is best worn with sophisticated little girl dresses. The Shayla is available in black, citron, cream, lavender, pink, shocking pink and white.
Make a short list of keywords for yourself based on your interests, strengths and skills. Now ask some people in your network for the words they associate with your name. If there are a lot of matches, then you’ve done a good job conveying your personal brand to others.
1 promises
Dýrðin
Please check out these amazing sights. I have a much longer list of sights I read regularly but I could only choose seven of them. Believe me it was a tough choice.
sloppy and lazy - there's a theory that people who use non-standard English in their speech are somehow not working hard enough. It's applying the theory of protestant industriousness and propriety to speech. So, first the new middle classes invented a proper and correct way of speaking English and married it to their belief that working hard booked you a ticket to heaven. So combine the two so that when someone says, 'I ain't got none', that proves that they're lazy and not going to heaven. Sorted.
Somewhere around the globe someone is talking about typewriters, writing about typewriters… And their apparitions in cinema are getting more frequent.
so sick of everyone complaining about the heat, i think it's wonderful and i never want it to end
In folk medicine, squawvine continued to be a remedy for women’s disorders. In addition to conditions related to childbirth, the herb was used to treat postpartum depression, irregular menstruation, and bleeding.
Paper Towns by John Green
Suppose you’ve spent the first couple of decades (or so) of your life in a happy monolingual state, and you then learned a new language in which you as happily came to reach reasonable (or so) proficiency. Before I go on, I must apologise for the hedges (or so): the thing is that nobody has any idea whether it
The President and Mr. Cameron departed the arena at 9:12 PM, as "Western Kentucky had just mounted a furious comeback and was trailing by one point," pool noted.
4 yolks
I can speak for thousands of believers that I know personally when I say that I reject both “secular” rock and Christian rock for one reason only, and that is because of the Spirit-led application of Scriptures such as the following:
But I do prefer a closed in shoe to an open toed sandal,
They lose the color when they shed
Finally, I forced myself to finish it and will now try to get Piers Dudgeon's general arguments in a nutshell. This will not be easy because his book swings back and forth like a pendulum, between the DuMaurier family -- particularly Daphne DuMaurier, author of Rebecca and The Birds among many other things, and her grandfather George DuMaurier, creator of Svengali -- and Barrie himself. (Daphne's aunt Sylvia DuMaurier was the mother of the five Llewellyn-Davies brothers.)
During the Big Question show the significance of the EDL was discussed – well to my mind they have raised the public conciousness about the serious threats and damage islam has done to this country, europe and the world – but please do not take my word for this, I would like nothing better than for liberal / open minded people to investigate the things I have said, argue with me, or possibly see that people like me have a point, and then we can do something to tackle this.
Episode 4 aka The Final Installment will be coming up next. Don’t say I didn’t warn you that there would be a lot of pictures and posts! We had a blast so there is just a lot to say and a ton of pictures!
Therefore be at peace with God,
So, what is all this about?
She started her career in 2001 from Hindi movie “Rehna Hai Tere Dil Mein”. She appeared in about 25 movies which were enough to m
2. Immediate wants: We’d buy a house, and buy Adam a new car (his truck is on its last legs to say the least), and buy my family a house here in the AZ. That wouldn’t entirely wipe out the other half of the first million.
KinderBach supplied my family with an online membership for a few months. During this time we were able to try out the KinderBach system. Our membership included access to all the web lessons (of which there are more than 240) and all the accompanying pdf downloads. A year’s membership of this sort would cost $7.95/month if billed in a 1-time annual payment of $95.88. Or one could choose a monthly membership for $19.99/month. Obviously, the 1-time payment is a much better deal – a 60% discount!
at the upcoming TNNA show.
Divide the batter into tins, filling each about 3/4 full. Using a large ice cream scoop makes this easy peasy. Bake for 22 minutes, until a cake tester comes out clean. After about 5 minutes remove to a wire rack to cool.
the little blonde haired boy
Hufflepuffs are “just”, “loyal” and “patient”. The students in Hufflepuff are nice, but not very interesting. I like to think of it as the House for witches and wizards who are happy, if a bit dim-witted. Hufflepuff is sort of the House for anyone who’s left over and doesn’t really fit into another House. Some days, I am definitely a Hufflepuff. I’m happy, but then I don’t get a joke or I say something really stupid or silly.
Krewe of Cleopatra: Founded during my college years in 1972, the first all-female Krewe in the Westbank.
See bread and dairy AREN'T BAD FOODS... but if severely limiting them or doing without them altogether results in lost weight, and better digestive health, and lower blood sugars, etc... then THEY AREN'T VITAL FOR YOUR LIFE...and you can enjoy the OTHER multitudes of foods to feed your body.
Walked around Yale in downtown New Haven. She told me Rudy's was a staple and I had to get their fries...which come with your 1 choice of dozens of sauces for dipping. I got a small, with one sauce the bartender recommended...Pesto Mayo (even though I told her I wasn't a mayo fan...she said it was great), and one I chose myself for .50 extra: the curry ketchup.
12. Rusty Cage
7) Once you make it up top, you'll be in a village full of bratty ass elves that hate you. Screw them and go talk to the queen (picture 2). She'll first send you away, but then have a change of heart and say go into her secret chambers (picture 3) for a Leaf of the World item. It can revive a party-mate outside of battle. When you use it up, you can get another one here, but only one can be held per person. Great for travel!
So I did so – 8 months ago. I wrote my first post and then apparently decided “oh well, that’s enough for now.”
3/4 cup flour
The noodles are served with pickled green papaya and carrots. Hot mustard is perfect for dipping the duck into. To make the pickled green papaya and carrots use this recipe, replace the daikon with thinly sliced green papaya.
So to avoid that age-old question of 'What do I do now?' from those early finishers... I put together my own version of 'The Bored Jar'. I call it 'MRS RUBIE'S MONSTER BOX OF WHAT CAN I DO NOW? ACTIVITIES!', which of course then allowed me to coordinate it with my favourite Monster clip art by JIllustrations, which I purchased from Lettering Delights.
I was BESIDE myself wanting to try these, but at $10 for 6 plus $7.99 for shipping and handling, I decided to wait until they came out in the stores.
It's hard to let go, to relinquish the care of a loved one. I felt terrible guilt that the person who was able to make Boo all better wasn't me (although he was a very nice PA who has a 3 year old himself, and admitted to keeping a suture kit at home because these things happen). I lost sight of the fact that making sure she was OK was the important part--we made sure she was OK. We got her into the hands of the right people in an incredibly short amount of time. Mr Incredible (who totally lived up to that moniker) and I were a team, and we each played our role to the best of our abilities. And when we were calm (at least on the surface in the ER), she was calm. There was such relief in that realization.
Since baking is my passion I wanted to share an easy recipe that I've been tweaking, which offers a variety of customizations for your family's needs and personalities. They're a portable riff on granola, but without the grains and tons of sugar.
As a teacher, I believe I come with a background that can help guide the learning of my students. I have years of experience that helps me create lessons that seem to work with the majority of people. However, I occasionally have a class or individual that needs something different. I try to listen and be open to their needs. I encourage them to figure out what works for them. My rheumatologist also has a background that is important in guiding my joint health. She has years of experience that guides her in what she believes is best. What I feel is missing with her and the majority of doctors along with a lot of teachers is they don't take the next step. They don't let down their guard as the "experts" and accept that perhaps the patient or student just might know a little about what does and doesn't work for them.
6. Of Scabs And Boils
Shout free free free freedom
The New Year is here, along with all the Resolutions to get into shape and have a healthier lifestyle. Along with losing pounds, this is the time of year when people think about what better choices they can make in their diet. It’s not an easy task.
He is also starting to string together two-word phrases like "bye bye mama," "dada's milk," "Bubba's shoes," and "blue star."
Here’s to hoping that things get better.
I've had very little time for painting so far this month, having been away for a week already. As I was away I was contemplating Flashbang, and when I got back I found I wasn't so keen to keep painting Normans. Since I still have a fair amount of furniture to paint, and I want to get some games going at the club, I've returned to the office furniture I started work on way back in 2011.
4. Broken Dreams
He was tormented that you might live in freedom.
Sure, we’d love to live in a fantasy land where nobody has to work, nobody has to shower, and unicorns farting rainbows are galloping down Broadway. Unfortunately, this is the real world — and when you start advocating laziness and killing cops, you tend to lose a little credibility.
Now, I don’t want to go spiraling away from the subject of this post. If you are counting on hunting private land, search and find a lease (read my post about that here). The ones I’ve been on were ultimately enjoyable, and I’ve met some great hunters along the way. And that networking has opened doors for me.
Once we were done exploring the utopia that is the outer perimeter, we ventured into the inner aisles, for a satisfactory, but less impressive experience with the exception of these highlights:
On the last day Rob and I were walking around, looking for a game to play and bumped into a complete stranger. We asked him if he was looking for a game and he said he was. We asked him if he had any idea of what he wanted to play as Rob and I were easy to please. He asked if we heard of a game called Belfort..! That was pretty cool! So, since Rob hadn’t played the game yet, we set it up and found a fourth player interested in playing and played a game of Belfort – without the expansion as they were all first-timers. Everyone seemed to enjoy it and Rob even squeaked out a win in a close game!
I feel weak. I feel like something inside of me said it was okay to continue to have a physical relationship with him even though we weren't together together.
So for this giveaway you will have to do the following: Each One gives your more chances!!
So there you have it, my picks under $20 that are super amazing products and have recieved amazing beauty reviews from real users, like moi!
Later over burgers and bloody marys, Grey asked why I didn’t keep the shirt. Why on earth would I keep the shirt? He shrugged again. It was a nice shirt and the guy sought you out of the crowd. Clearly he noticed you and wanted you to have it.
Fight naked. -Anonymous (hahah)
Now these things happened to them as an example, and they were written for our instruction, upon whom the ends of the ages have come.
Not Chocolate
Okay, his painting was maybe better than that (it had an extra arch, for one thing: it's been washing away for years), but the winter light around here is quite different than the Really Blue Sky gives you in the summertime. Both are wonderful, but somehow this is more subtle.
I definitely think that there are some books that everyone should read, though, don’t get me wrong. I think that the novels that really changed what people think about and believe are necessary pieces to everyone’s personal library. I won’t give specific examples because those can be found on Books Everyone Should Read lists (the one I was looking at was the Telegraph’s 110 “best books: the perfect library” which is a pretty condescending title, if you ask me).
After breakfast, we did some shopping and snacking at the West Side Market before returning home to crash. I was still tired from the previous night’s run and waking up earlier than usual on a Saturday.
1. Babylon Sisters
But, then one little thing can steady you and set you right....
It’s been awhile since the opportunity to write has presented itself. This is a shame, as there have been quite a few memorable moments to comment upon. It’s pointless to try and catch up with the past. It’s scary at times how quickly today’s news becomes so yesterday. Luckily, this year’s upcoming presidential election provides plenty of current fodder to comment upon.
They had survived earthquakes and fires, standing tall among the humble atap homes of their parishioners, a stern and forbidding symbol of Catholicism’s might, not to mention the power of the Spanish monarchs.
If you like you can go to Youtube and search and you will find a very wonderful interview with Welty where she talks about "A Worn Path" and also dramatizations of these stories.
And never moved she from before my face,
In considering the questions referred, the ECJ considered that although it was clear that an SCP such as Winters operates in the course of trade when it fills cans under an order from another party, it does not follow, however, that the SCP itself ‘uses’ the signs displayed on the cans as prohibited under Article 5 of the Directive. In particular, the Court held that an SCP which merely fills, under an order from and on the instructions of another party, cans already bearing signs similar to trade marks and therefore merely executes a technical part of the production process of the final product without having any interest in the external presentation of those cans and the signs, does not itself ‘use’ those signs within the meaning of Article 5. Moreover, the Court noted that an SCP in Winters’ situation does not, on any view, use those signs ‘for goods or services’ which are identical with, or similar to, those for which the RED BULL trade mark was registered. In this regard, the Court noted that the service provided by Winters consisted of the filling of cans and that this service does not have any similarity with the product for which Red Bull's trade marks were registered.
madre de mi corazon,
The lens - the lens she uses goes down to 2.8. The camera opens up at a lower f-stop and lets in the most light possible. Some of them are also one good photo and 50 bad ones. She also shoots at a high ISO - start at the lowest ISO and keep bumping it up during the day as you need it. At night, you're at 1600 or 3200. The ISO changes with the light you're dealing with, and adjust everything else to accommodate that. That said, you will start to get grain in the photograph when it's low light. Anything 1600 or above will start to show grain. She sometimes also will edit afterwards to hide some of that and add the color saturation.
Parental abuse has taught you that your life has no value. You’ve learned that unconsciously and you’ll continue to feel unvalued until you reparent yourself. (Not an easy task.)
In all that is unknown
"The interlocking leadership between the trustees at RAND, and the Ford, Rockefeller, and Carnegie foundations", writes Estulin, "is a classic case of Bilderberg modus operandi. The Ford foundation gave one million dollars to RAND in 1952, at a time when the president of the Ford Foundation was simultaneously the chairman of RAND."
When Gabby is really concentrating she sticks her tongue out to the side. It is noticeable in several pictures. So cute!!!
I used to paint myself green and dance as an Orion slave girl at Star Trek conventions. True story.
Here's the conversation that went on in my brain (might of even said some of these words out loud). Yes, fellow Target shopper, I'm the crazy woman talking to herself at the end of the aisle! "Ummm, that's the perfect color and I'm lovin' the price. Shame that's not a bedskirt. But wait...could I make it work?"
I was loath to remove the mug and spoon from the card.
Finally President Kimball counsels: “I beg of you, you who could and should be bearing and rearing a family: Wives, come home from the typewriter, the laundry, the nursing, come home from the factory, the cafe. No career approaches in importance that of wife, homemaker, mother–cooking meals, washing dishes, making beds for one’s precious husband and children. Come home, wives, to your husbands. Make home a heaven for them. Come home, wives, to your children, born and unborn. Wrap the motherly cloak about you and, unembarrassed, help in a major role to create the bodies for the immortal souls who anxiously await.
Off to the big city with Mom today for another eye-injection for her macular degeneration. I pray that this never strikes me, because I honestly don't think I could cope with someone sticking a needle directly into my eye. She is a brave soul. They do make them feisty in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia!
Sugar. It's one of those things isn't it? We know it's bad for us but we love it. The headaches lately have been a bit of a nuisance so a sugar free spell was started yesterday.
“The police questions were ridiculous. They were asking the pastors if they raised their right or left hand, but they simply replied ‘any’. They also asked how high were the hands raised,” said Ooi,.
without real names.
-Decrease use of electricity, propane or natural gas!
I didn't get a good shot looking up at the falls but here is the river about the falls
To begin, write down all the writing skills you presently have. Are you good at coming up with ideas? Do you have a well-trained ability to do research? Does your imagination give you vivid, detailed pictures? Are you good at finding wonderful words?
I used Spellbinders™ M-Bossabilities™ EL-006 Mystic embossing folder (side B) with my black cardstock. Notice the paper is larger than the embossing folder - no problem! After I embossed the first time, I slid the paper to matched up the grooves from the last embossed row and continued to emboss the rest.
as we look in the mirror
2 The Belldog 6:16
The most surprising thing to come out of tasting was that we found there were noticeable differences in the taste between the 5 glasses that was dependant on the order in which they were poured. The glasses that were poured first had significantly more sweetness to them then the ones poured last, which had a more rounded flavour to them, which wasn't a bad thing, it just made it even more interesting to pass them round to get a sample of them all. The other noticeable thing was just how fast the oxidation of the beer affected the taste, it certainly needed to be drunk there and then because I think that being left open for even just 30 minutes would of spoiled the beer...and I think I would of beaten someone with the bottle if that happened.
(Above: 12-13-28, Click each for bigger!)
So, I know as of today Google Friend Connect is no more for non-Blogger bloggers. I do use Blogger, so people can still follow me through that.
by Daughtry
You pick up the jeans you see on the floor where you are certain you left them last night and put them on, and while you are attempting the zip-up, you say in your head a kind-of-whisper-thing:
"The Red Shoes" also sees Bush resume her periodic
Before Mom and I even had a chance to take a bite, Dad had eaten half of his sandwich! I guess he liked it. His sandwich was the roasted turkey with smoked bacon, provolone cheese, and house made thousand island dressing.
R - Time is of the essence, Howard.
Stevenson chose to use men as the ugly stepsisters, giving the ballet a more rough-and-tumble, slapstick quality that always has the children in the audience roaring with laughter. He shortened the piece from earlier versions by cutting the Prince’s world-wide search for the owner of the glass slipper and the divertissements of the faraway lands. His highly theatrical style perfectly complemented the fairy tale, without robbing it of the importance of its moral center.
When will he settle down ? was a repetitive, fervent prayer. It was like having your first child all over again – you don’t know anything, you make mistakes (or rather you are convinced everything you do is not quite right or by the book), you fret over emotional insecurities (disregarding what the Dog Whisperer says) … is the food enough – perhaps he needs more nourishment, is he lonely – does he need company ?
“That’s what I think. That’s why I’m writing-”
Faith is the complete reliance on the power and goodness of Spirit and the firm belief that you are always connected to this goodness. Always affirm your faith and not your doubt. When you affirm that things might not work out, that your troubles continue to mount, that your problems are insoluble, that God has not been listening, or that you are powerless in the face of so many struggles, you are affirming doubt rather than faith. The ability to know faith and affirm it allows it to manifest in your life.
I had a job interview recently. It's been many years since I last interviewed, so it was strange for me. It was also on the National Tornado Alert Day, so in the middle of my interview, we walked down into the parking garage and stood there for a moment. Yep, now I know what to do if I worked there.
you have convinced me
OMG what stunning entries for our Romance/Valentines challenge, thank you so much for joining us.
Simply right click on the links below and save the file to your computer.
and as long as your seeking my face
Keetsy n Ayedeen = Keats and Aidan
But did you
Jatt: My image? What’s wrong with my image?
“But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain, but I laboured more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me.”
Jenkinson, part of the team that drew up the Stroke Strategy, acknowledges these failings. “The reason we have not made so much progress in the post-acute parts of the pathway is because the evidence base is less robust, and the care is provided by lots of different agencies. That has been and continues to be more of a challenge, although we have got plans and schemes that continue to run to address this.”
I could give so many scenarios where the Lord has poured out compassion over this head and into the cup of my soul. He has poured out compassion with good measure. Not cheaply, but with great cost. He has poured it out like fine oil that runs over and spills out so lavishly from the throne of mercy.
Keep me removed, but we both know my atmosphere will haunt you.
. large packaging sticker
I was reading this and I have heard snippets if this during the 08 elections. Funny when you find out more about President Obungler AFTER he is elected then before. Funny how this "vetting" process worked. As soon as Palin was announced as the VEEP for RINO McCain, the media climbed up her with a microscope trying to pick her apart, but they gave Senator Hope and Change a pass, funny how that worked. Now we find out more about Obunger like he ate Rover while in Indonesia after his hippie mom found another non-American to shack up with so she can continue to " find herself". More and more things are coming out about him, stuff that should have come out in 08 if the Media had dome its job and properly " vetted" him, but since they are in the tank for Obungler and support him, it is hard to be "rough on your own guy". The Press has forgotten one of the basics of Journalism" who,what,how,when,where and why" Their job is to be impartial and report the news, they are supposed to be the guardians of a free society but have sadly failed since they have become " activist" in stead of being purveyors of fact not opinion to support a certain point of view. The lamestream media is viewed as biased and a mouthpiece for the democratic party by 60% of the population and they wonder why so many people get their news elsewhere to get it unfiltered or unspun.
Have a lovely day! And don't forget to collect all the beautiful pieces of this kit! Here is your next stop: http://www.aveziur.com/
We (or they) would have won if… / (Insert opponent) only won because we (or they) let them win
Your ears are my favorite feature. You have your daddy's and my grandaddy's ears. You're 4 months and they're the same size as your 9 year old brothers. I LOVE them. I love kissing them and nibbling them and whispering into them. They're adorable and increase your cuteness 10 fold. Please don't ever hate these ears I adore soooo much.
Peter Bindon, M.A.: Peter Bindon served as Grand Master of the English Language Jurisdiction for Australia, Asia, and New Zealand of AMORC from 1996-2008. He also served on the Board of Directors of the Supreme Grand Lodge of AMORC. Over the years, he has served the Rosicrucian Order in many capacities in Australia, and internationally he served as Supreme Legate (1989-1996). Peter and his wife, Nola, live in New South Wales and have an adult son. The Presenter drew upon his talents as a botanist and anthropologist to design the Rosicrucian Peace Garden in Rosicrucian Park, an Eighteenth Dynasty Egyptian garden. This educational garden, authentic to the period, features a temple, viewing dais, grape arbor, an array of historic plants, and a reflecting pond to mirror this very special setting.
7. for lent I decided to write 40 letters in 40 days. it's going good so far. and I threw in a couple random acts of kindness too. :)
Back inside her own dorm building, Natalie gets scared a second time by the janitor, who she nearly collides with at the front entrance. Natalie rushes upstairs to her dorm room, only to get an eyeful of her Goth roommate having sex with her equally Goth boyfriend, Goth-darnit! After getting bitched out for intruding on Goth Sex 101, Natalie scurries over to her side of the room, puts on some headphones, and tries to get some sleep.
I love how they have paired the opalescent blue with the gold motif. It looks quite striking and classy. It is sure to get someones attention with the beautiful colors.
You gotta do some sort of coloring on your project. Markers, Pencils, Watercolor...those are just a few ideas. Whatever you would like to color with...have at it! Most of you know I love coloring with my Copic Markers. Did you know A Muse Studio sells them? Yep...AND replacement nibs...AND the refills! WOOP WOOP! LOVE IT! I used Copic's to color my project.
Dr. Nabil Yassin: Let’s be clear on that… Religious scholars issued fatwas…
Canvas Home Basics Craft – blank surfaces is the key to our craft line. Surfaces for home décor projects, party and event decorating and everyday paper crafts."
He pasted a lopsided grin on his face. My stomach roiled. If he was here, that meant only one thing. A deal was made. There will need to be a sacrifice.****
When we arrived home yesterday afternoon, we unpacked the car and made a bee-line for the beach to catch the sunset. Every time I watch the sun set over the Pacific Ocean, I marvel that I live here now. I can see this every day if I want to. I’m no longer surrounded by noise, rushing cars, flying helicopters, and smog. Now I’m surrounded by vacationing families, retirees, quiet days, and quieter nights. And, oh yes, the sunset. Here’s what I see every day as the sun goes down:
Working long hours kept me extra active the last month. This month, my muse is keeping me busy. I’m almost half way through writing an urban fantasy novel. The words are flowing and I’m finding it hard to stop them. My addiction is getting worse. LOL.
I first got into Austin, and most of my friends know my love for bacon. Unhealthy? Yes. Greasy? Yes. Utterly AMAZING EXPLOSION of taste in your mouth? YES!!
I may be wrong, and certainly have no evidence to support this, but it seemed that many in the audience not only shared a view but actually knew each other judging from the conspiratorial grins and winks which many appeared to be exchanging whilst the camera was directed at them.
Dress’d, and armed with my poem composed the night last in honour of the Lady of the Fans, and our shared moment at 2 a.m., travelled thence to Messrs Fraigneau & Foulkes. Who, apart from their fine fans, sell London’s finest enamel patchboxes. NOTE: Pleas’d to see them so jovial after their near bankruptcy. Thus, having chosen a patchbox in a rich blue with two courtly figures upon its top picked out in gold, made strait for her London residence. NOTE: I now wear two watches, one for timekeeping, t’other set permanently at the hour of 2. This watch I will not wind till my secret vow made at 2.a.m the night of the ball, be, to all my hopes, fulfilled.
Harsh, perhaps, but true. I realised that being a writer has sharpened me as a reader. I used to be an 'if I start, I finish' kind of reader, now I just don't have time; there are so many things I should be reading that my own personal reading time is precious and not to be clogged up with duff prose or pages of pointless padding. Also, I have become far more intolerant. I am like the master puppeteer at a puppet show. I know there are strings, and I can admire a skilful disguising, but I don't want to see the workings, don't let it show. If I can divine the writer's intention, see how he or she is trying to manipulate me as a reader, or worse, if the author doesn't even realise you are supposed to hide it, then I won't finish the book. If it is really bad, it becomes what a friend of mine calls a 'hurler' - a book you want to hurl across the room (not recommended for the Kindle edition).
Here is my meal plan for this week -
Add the icing sugar, almonds and coconut in two batches, folding the dry mix into the meringue between additions. Try not to over mix, about 50 turns of the spoon should do it.
I can recommend an excellent blog on matters relating to The Supreme Court and analysis of judgments: The UKSC blog: Lord Judge and the Public Bodies Bill
A person who has sustained a human bite wound that has broken the skin will need a tetanus shot within 48 hours if it has been over 5 years since their last booster.
This is the city in which I moved through several stages in my personal life with relationships beginning and ending, picking up my tears on the local park bench or letting my hair get brushed with a stroke of wind during a long embrace at the beach. This is the city in which I was once arrived as an illegal alien and I felt for the first time what it meant to fight for something that you truly want and become a legal resident to claim and hold my entitlement to be one with this town.
William Deresiewicz is an essayist and critic. His book, A Jane Austen Education: How Six Novels Taught Me About Love, Friendship, and the Things That Really Matter, was published in April. To read all the posts from his weekly blog, “All Points,” please click here.
I’ve recently developed a bit of an interest in the enhancement debate. You know the one: should we allow human beings to enhance themselves? Is enhancement, perhaps, obligatory/impermissible? Would it lead to the creation of desirable/undesirable posthumans? Would it lead to increased social inequality and stratification? What are the appropriate legal regulations of enhancement technologies? And so on.
I am the gas in a womb of light, the evening star,
I’ve been wondering recently whether I’ve been unusually unlucky in having the smoking ban completely shatter my social life. I had a wide circle of friends 5 or 6 years ago, and now most of them are gone – all as a result of the smoking ban. I’ve wondered if I was unusually vulnerable because, not having had a home that was suitable for entertaining, I almost always met up with friends at pubs and restaurants, and was therefore almost completely dependent on those places. In addition, as a single man, I didn’t have a wife and family home to fall back on.
Happy Mother's Day! I am so happy to be a mom and to be able to celebrate with my mom. For my first post, I chose to make an 8 x 8 layout of my mom and my brother. I never get a decent picture of these two for one reason or another. It is a long time joke, that my mom always says "My Son" in a sweet innocent voice. Suppose to make me jealous, Not! lol This picture was taken Christmas this past year.
ABV=4.847%
This would turn this case into an unstoppable zombie, yielding only to the lethal force of dispositive Court action
Dear friends over from Hungary. We pick them up at the station in heavy rain and drive to the Sainsbury Centre where we mooch and marvel among the permanent collection which is arranged primarily geographically and anthropologically but with sprinklings of Francis Bacon and John Davies, as well as Degas, Modigliani, Soutine and Picasso. Much of it was bought in the 70s and is beautifully laid out.
in puffs of white delight
To celebrate the publication of Opal Moonbaby, Maudie Smith is embarking on a blog tour this month and I am thrilled to announce that she will be here at the Hearthfire with a Words on Wednesday post this week, talking about genre.
There was only mummy and Princess at home last night after kakak left for the day, and out of a sudden, Princess came to mummy and hugged mummy... then she whisper "Happy Mothers' Day, Mummy"! Mummy went like 'huh'?
Death twitches my ear. "Live," he says; "I am coming."
In needing a bit of a 'cheer up', I chose to create in bold bright colours... and pink with purple offers quite the bold contrast! I have coloured with Glaze and Glitter pens, while leaving most of the image stark white. The card has been created with layers of decorative papers on a white cardbase... and the striped paper is flocked... it's so lovely to touch! Please visit my personal blog for more details of my card shown here, and my SNB creations.... you're always welcome!
When a man takes a wife and starts a family, a little enterprise is created. The only significant reason that this enterprise is more efficient and productive than its two members would be on their own is the division of labor. If the man and wife have a modern, feminist, equalist, “50/50″ marriage, there’s (essentially) no gain in efficiency; each might as well be living alone.
The demographic time-bomb is a challenge but it does not lead me to despair.
Well, girl, he says, that's a funny thing you just uttered.
The most likely dangerous group are the smaller number of people who have relatives in (and familiarity with) the countryside. Another group would be the current set of hoodlums who already prey on the countryside.
While there are many reasons why people view Clegg as they currently do, we have a choice, to campaign for a new leader or to support the one we have. Perhaps if Clegg were to display some of these attributes then there may be an improvement for people to want to support him?
When the 2007 reforms were first proposed in 2005, they were harshly attacked by Williamson County DA John Bradley and several House members (all of whom have left the Legislature, or will before next session) who complained that the changes would unleash a crime wave on the state. Not only did that not happen, though, crime continued to decline, even as thousands of offenders were diverted from prisons each year through the new programs.
He ends with the statement that in "spite" of Wertham's beliefs, the present generation of children will turn out just as well as the preceding generation, raised before there were comic books.
My soul, one with these bird's of NCTC
1) Wash and drain the rice. Place in a pot with the pandan leaf.
The Minotaur looked at her in disappointment. Danni, meanwhile, put her hand to her forehead, deep in thought as if weighing up the question.
I could tell that the nurse didn't really believe me, but after some convincing, she called the doctor. When the doctor arrived, she also doubted that I could have dilated so quickly. (After all, they were expecting me to labor all day, and it was only noon.) But when she checked me, her eyes popped.
Other Events: If you and your groom will be invited to a number of events in the near future (weddings of friends/relatives, business and charity functions) than it may be better to buy a new one. Renting a tux for every occasion will add up and the cost of buying now may be more affordable in the long run.
Rivera: Many authors hear your message about being willing to give away their books for free, or to focus on spreading their message but their question is: “I’ve got rent to pay so how do I turn that into cash money?”
* Audience Favorite Actor: Andrea Spitz Greenleaf
1X20 Back Squat
I am a staunch believer in the concept and goals of the classic liberal education, I just don't know if there are enough education majors capable of delivering such an education to our children.
I do not like the use of garam masala here. I find it way over powering and really the tomato paste packs a lot of flavor that is pretty much drowned by garam masala. But if you must, you can throw in 1/2 tsp of that as well.
“The Alaska Office is responsible for many of the major subsistence decisions in Alaska in the past 25 years, such as the milestone Katie John case. . . The Alaska Office has also prioritized the protection of tribal sovereignty and has successfully litigated numerous cases affirming the governmental status of Alaska Tribes as possessing inherent authority over their members.”
Note: If you would prefer a frothy top to your cocktail. Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add the cocktail mixture, and shake vigorously. Pour into your glass. Garnish.
It's a tad, or maybe outrageously craptastic, but the process seems to work in theory. Before I attempt another one, though, these are the things I need to do first:
The same goes for the NFL, MLB, NASCAR, and golf – all regular staples on television. Because their best are regularly on display – guaranteeing that fans will be watching and advertisers’ dollars will reap the benefits. If you tuned in to gold this weekend you got a full dose of Tiger Woods. Watch NASCAR and you’ll see Jeff Gordon, Kyle Busch, and Tony Stewart.
The family made do.
This reality explains our perpetual human struggle with weakness of will: why it is easy to have ‘ah-ha’ moments and to make sincere and heartfelt declarations about how we are going to change, but really hard to actually change how we live. The part of us that has the revelation and makes the declaration is not the part that is driving, at least most of the time. In order to change our behavior we must actually retrain the elephant. This can be difficult and time-consuming, but there are methods, such as cognitive behavioral therapy, that the rider can use to successfully retrain the elephant.
Finding new ways to wear shoes has always been challenge. Until recently, the only thing I could do with shoes was to add a brooch or a clip on it to add a touch of bling. I usually ended up losing my pretty creation at the end of the night because I didn’t know what I was doing and did not want to make a permanent change to my precious shoes by glueing things on them.
Many of the songs were being sung a bit low so I also experimented with singing up an octave – which was actually ok in C – not sure about some of the other keys – or how bad it sounded to Jim who was sitting next to me while I experimented!
Part 4:
Step - 1, making the frame work.
The only curse that I carry
Of the two incidents mentioned above they each affected me differently. Marge's attempt left me angry and afraid while John's, because we were friends, deeply saddened and hurt me. But below any raw or seething emotions I could also kinda understand why they had done what they did – though understanding certain motivations did not in any way justify or make it easier, it only served to make it an even more terrifying thing.
April is the creator of A Modern Teacher Blog. After 11 years of teaching, she stays busy with her new baby and 3 year old. She blogs about DIYs, Craftivities, and Organizational Tips for the Elementary Teacher. April is passionate about 'teaching made simple and fun'.
(What I wore: flannel (EGO), jeans (OXYGEN), wayfarer (RAY BAN)
Gano
I've read all the books - like Fast Food Nation, The Omnivore's Dilemma, In Defense of Food - and watched all the shows, like King Corn, Supersize Me, and Food, Inc.I know how we got here. And I know why.
In case you were absent from planet Earth in December, 2002 there was a mother to be named Laci Peterson who was murdered by her husband Scott in Modesto, California.
The story alternates between the two central characters, Bryn Vega, the daughter of the head of the Pure Human Society, and Scott Harding, an Xbestia gang member who is really an undercover agent for the XIA. At its heart, Xenofreak Nation is both a love story and an exploration of ethics set in the near future in a world mired in a deep economic depression where government decision-making has ground to a halt. Authorities have failed to regulate the medical practice of bioengineering animals to be compatible with humans for organ transplantation. Rogue xenosurgeons are responsible for the development of an underground sub-culture derogatorily referred to as Xenofreaks, who have replaced tattoos with grafts of bioengineered animal skin, teeth, horns and even tails and wings. When Bryn is kidnapped as retaliation for her father’s anti-xeno activities, she’s thrust into this frightening world. Scott is torn between his duty and his developing
After sampling my fresh green almonds, I thought they would make fantastic pickles - similar to the ones my mum makes with green mangoes, which I love. And so it was that I made green almond pickles with my fresh almonds... and they turned out just as I hoped - sweet, tangy, with a hint of spice and salt.
Fun fact to leave you with: “Normal” for women tends to be perfectly in balance, “normal” for men, a bit to the side of too few catecholamines. To me, this explains why often men tend to perform better under the pressure of competition, while for many women, this extra stress makes us less effective. And it’s all a continuum of course.
At Claremont Academy Elementary School on the South Side, officials allow packed lunches but confiscate any snacks loaded with sugar or salt. (They often are returned after school.) Principal Rebecca Stinson said that though students may not like it, she has yet to hear a parent complain.
Never have I been so anxious to get out of Dodge in the winter and NEVER have I been so paranoid about the weather interfering with a vacation.
Or will I smile? Will I feel light with the lack of fear of tiny cancer cells multiplying maliciously beneath my skin? Will I experience the freedom of wearing a T-shirt without a bra and run around unhindered? Will I embrace the flat look of my chest, knowing my clothes look different, but not worse.
After a couple of days in Bamberg, this was going to be kill or cure, but we were dedicated.
Sometimes, I need to remember: The primary facts shaping my existence, beginning with how I got here, aren’t up to me.
Requirement number five: You must be incredibly trustworthy and have references. You must be discreet. You will have to sign an NDA.
What’s the point if we don’t learn from this? I need to find people who know what we should ask. Also contact statisticians, behavioral psychologists, biology students, traffic analysts, and anyone else who may want to learn from our focus group.
But these days, in spite of it being spring, it is just like another winter. So cold, and with the wind, it just makes it all worse. The other day, when I went to the beach, the tide was really low so I just walked down a bit further skimming through the slippery dirt-green sea weed covered rocks. I had seen a bloke returning with a little bagful of mussels. So I just looked around the grooves and creases to see if I could spot something. I was super excited to see some fresh live mussels
Cross-Training Shoe – Durable and wide outsole to accommodate the gym, concrete, or court. Constructed to provide more stability through the ankle than other shoes.
I lingered over her picture when I came home. Some days the hurt is so deep. All the more reason that I want to do whatever I can to help my son. You just never know what can happen and when. The best you can do is the best you can do.
Also I missed that cream cheese 'tang' from my favorite cream cheese buttercream, so I've been eyeing this swiss meringue cream cheese frosting at 6 Bittersweets to try out next time!
So last night on my way home I decided to start a band.
I would like to thank the best friends and family anyone could hope for and then find that they are real!
Fresh off my visit to Europe, this one sounded PERFECT.
The first Boer movement into Natal attempted to negotiate land from the Zulu King, Dingaan. These attempts to trade land with the Zulu ended in failure and the Boer leaders were murdered.
Just to rest upon His promise;
The cards and book come in a medium size lift top box (6” by 11 ¾”) with the trademark Schiffer magnetic close lid. I love this – the box can be inadvertently knocked over (I have three cats!), and the cards are snug in their little home! The background for the box is black, with a red mythical looking bird across the top, followed by the deck name (in red lettering) and the artist (in white lettering). The sides of the box contain deck information and small images, while the back talks about the theme of the deck, “the Alchemy of the Soul”. The back cover for the companion book is black, with only the ISBN information. The front cover is black, with the deck name in red lettering, the name of the companion book, and the artist’s name, in white lettering, in the middle of the cover we see two intertwined ouroboros (the snake holding its tail in its mouth).
Small streams and stagnant pools littered our course, but soon they emptied into dry rocky courses that we followed with our meandering footsteps. There was nothing to eat but sparse weeds and the flowers of prickly plants that hugged the ground. Our lips were dry and salty, and we thirsted constantly, sucking greedily at every drop of water we stumbled across. The baby finally stopped crying. Sorry shaded it from the cloudless sky with the flimsy skin of a reptile I had hunted and killed. Her milk was thin, but the baby had more than we.
This was how Gramsci thought of his own role as editor first of Avanti! and then of L'Ordine Nuovo. He also helped found the PCI paper, L'Unita. For Gramsci regarded the role of newspapers as absolutely primary in the building of the party and the class.
You want to change the world
It was glorious, we had two hours of sitting in the thermal waters or in the steam rooms. The great thing is that one of the thermal pools is actually an open air pool, and even better is that is it is a rooftop open air pool so you can sit in the warm water and look out over Bath!! It was a bit cold though so you really had to make sure that you sat well down in the water and not let your ears get too cold. ;-) The steam room were fabulous – there were four different large glass rooms with stone benches and they each had different aromas – lavender, eucalyptus, mint, and menthol – the menthol was just far too strong for me and my eyes didn’t like it, but it was lovely to sit in the lavender room and just sit and absorb the steam.
5. We send semi-regular emails when we have a new design or new images.
My jeans have flamingos on them! And those little Spanish guitars! If you follow me on Twitter/Instagram you may have seen me post about these jeans yesterday. I can't get over how awesome the print is! I've been wanting to get print jeans for a while, and when I saw these in the sale for £20 I couldn't resist - they're just that little bit different from all the other floral print jeans which are around at the moment. I paired them with this simple white tee from H&M (which was a bargain £4.99 and comes in black and grey too) and let the jeans do the talking. I thought the necklace tied in well with the colours in the jeans, and I really like how my oversized watch and chain bracelet look with the white tee, so I added them to finish off the look.
Beat “cream cheese”, peanut butter, and vanilla until creamy. Slowly add in sugars and mix until well combined. Frost once cupcakes are cooled and ENJOY!!
The second half featured Sibelius' First Symphony from 1899 when he was trying to write a Tchaikovsky symphony, but he failed, and most of it ends up sounding like eccentric and original Sibelius after all. The orchestra gave a rousing performance and I hope management asks Mälkki back.
We confess the daily bread you give us is seldom enough to satisfy our indulgent appetites. Our craving for recognition and significance causes us to ignore the needs of our neighbors. Forgive our lip-service in worship when our actions beyond this sanctuary do not honor you. Renew us by your grace and remind us what it cost, that we might live in humble gratitude for Christ.
“Her mock exam scores were among the top in the prefecture, so I’ve seen her name around.”
We have another Challenge on the Class Act Insider blog! We are celebrating Christmas just alittle early ... CHRISTMAS IN JULY!
I have never wanted to know so much about a book before. I have so many questions and I'm just dying to lose myself into this world. :)
For if the State can tag, track down and force individuals to be injected with biologicals of known and unknown toxicity today, there will be no limit on which individual freedoms the State can take away in the name of the greater good tomorrow.
that's all you need to do for now.
get over it, deal with it and move on. Nothing
I couldn’t get a good picture of these ladies standing in the rooms; every time I tried they would scream and wave a fist at me. Here is an empty room where you can see the reflection of our car in the window indicating the proximity of the narrow street. You stop, chat with the ladies, and negotiate a price. If a price is agreed upon, you park, walk through the glass partition and get business done.
I've been caught in a bit of a whirlwind... so much happening all at once... family stuff, book proof deadlines, unseasonable warm weather. Time flies when you're having fun and when you are overwhelmed by what life is dishing out. So, my apologies for my total lack of keeping to my posting schedule. Oh well... I couldn't have done my Friday Film post even if I had the time because my iPhone acted up last Thursday and I lost all my data on it. So the wonderful videos I took, gone. So sad. But I still have my memories...
The more effort we make as individuals to understand the true stupendous spiritual nature of animals, the we will begin to see and understand their majestic beauty and how far up the evolutionary spiritual ladder they are. I am humbled by the sheer strength and power of their spiritual aura, it is breathtaking to see in the inner worlds..I am honoured to feel small and insignificant in comparison , and I know that I will never eat or harm another animal again.
We will be moving into an apartment until October when our house will be complete. We need to be out of here by 5/1! YIKES, I better get sorting and packing!!
This year I will be using a book called "Then Sings My Soul" to find the hymns we will use. I will also use my hymnal but this particular book has information on the author of the hymn and background on the writing of the hymn.
farmyard and domestic animals (though I remain uncertain about goats), all small rodents (except rats. Rats don't seem to feature strongly on children's clothes of either gender); dalmatians, dachshunds and yorkshire terriers, butterflies, fish (other than sharks) but not crustacea, seahorses (do they go with horses or fish, do you think?), birds (all sorts except parrots), zebras, unicorns.
Reversibility of alcohol-related cognitive function also may be the result of a reorganization of key brain-cell networks. Some researchers have proposed that such reorganization may contribute to the success of alcoholism treatment. Using advanced imaging techniques, Pfefferbaum and colleagues (20) examined the brain activity of cognitively impaired alcoholic participants during a series of tests designed to assess cognitive function. They found that although the alcoholic subjects had abnormal patterns of brain activation, compared with control subjects, they were able to complete the tasks equally well, suggesting that the brain systems in alcoholics can be functionally reorganized so that tasks formerly performed by alcohol-damaged brain systems are shunted to alternative brain systems. This finding-that cognitively impaired alcoholic patients use different brain pathways than unimpaired patients to achieve equivalent outcome-also was suggested in a study of patients in 12-step treatment programs (4). Functional brain reorganization may be particularly advantageous for adolescent alcohol abusers in treatment, because their developing brains are still in the process of establishing nerve-cell networks (21).
A sense of humor often doesn’t make it onto the list of things to consider about social computing, but it should. If your organization gets stirred up by the least little bit of criticism, or has a habit of mis­interpreting humorous comments, think twice before adopting social media. Using social media means you are opening yourself up to unvarnished dialog with both your supporters and your detractors. If you don’t think you can handle it, social computing is not for you.
In a future update, I will cover the stunning number of bond seizures that have occurred just in the last few months — at staggering dollar values. Even so, the mainstream media continues to try to tell us that this is purely a scam.
4.never quit
and of course,
MI-5 (England’s equivalent to the American FBI)
With about as much chance of wining as they have of pushing butter up a porcupines arse with a red hot needle, the National Front has announced at it's (long overdue) re-vamped web site that it is to contest the London Mayoral elections in May 2012.
We see a look of sheer frustration on Black Pudding face.
I went in today to enquire about hair products and ended up being given these 3 lovely samples! (Your eyes do not deceive you – that is a full pot of hair doctor for free!) The service was fab and the woman really understood my concerns about the sensitivity of my scalp and skin, she seemed quite happy to part with this bundle of goodies and adviced me to visit once I’ve used them to reassess what I may or may not need!
i will be damned if i allow anyone to tear me down.
If this is not possible for you, you may register by post. Contact us at:
I can honestly say, I was a bit torn on the uses of and how I wanted to use QR Codes for Marketing in my industry.
I’ll miss him. Or, to be more accurate, I’ll miss half of him, because Newt Gingrich is really two Newts: there is the grandiose, didactic, more-conservative-than-thou joke who barely made a dent in the campaign, but there was also the old-school politician who visited zoos and shook hands and connected with people in a way his major competitor Mitt Romney can only dream of.
Oh and if you haven't yet entered this months challenge and blog hop over at my challenge blog By The Cute and Girly, get yourself over there because there is some fab prizes up for grabs! The challenge for October is Anything Goes, so there's no excuse for not joining in, you can make whatever you want, and the challenge is for any crafts so you can make anything from a card to a cake and anything in between! :)
C = (say) Céline
Add this banner to your blog and join us on the 5th October for masses of fun and a great prize! Help us LCI's DT and of course Head Ladybug Kerry celebrate the launch of a new range of stamps (there's a sneaky peek to keep you going on the banner!) I am sooooooo excited!!! You'll need to start at Head Ladybug's blog and form there you'll be told where to go and what to do! Ang is LCI's Guest DT member for October and she will be joining in with all the fun too!
I've probably written as many words on this blog about Jack Morris as any other player save, perhaps, Yuniesky Betancourt.* It just seems like there is always something interesting going on with his Hall of Fame case. This year, for instance, I think we are going to see a big turn. I could be entirely wrong, obviously, but I predict Morris will take a pretty big leap forward in the Hall of Fame voting. And I think the big reason -- irony of ironies -- will be because Bert Blyleven was voted into the Hall last year.
My heart is that you would be set free. Right now. In this moment.
A&E nurse Trudi Watson told the paper: "He explained to me, quite sincerely, he had been hanging curtains naked in he kitchen when he fell backwards on to the kitchen table and on to a potato.
“I am. Instead of Cactus Jack, I could have been known as Cactus (his name),” he says chuckling.
Check out a few sneak-peek snaps here — and check back soon for more Sneak Peek Previews from Apps For Kids, on our Build A Story for iPad updates!
Now, while Orson Welles’ masterwork may well be a incomparable example of filmmaking genius, I prefer to judge my Greatest Film Ever on a different criteria, I prefer to consider how often I can quote any given movie in my daily life. Hence, Jaws is the Greatest Film Ever, followed closely by Ghostbusters.
Have you ever longed for a cozy little place hidden away from the world, a haven where you could relax, read, nap or just dream? Sandy Foster created just such a place, and in doing so, she's given us all a wonderful gift. With the click of a mouse, we can be transported to a beautiful, romantic retreat tucked into a little hill along side a picturesque stream.
Kota said the emergency operations room is in 24-hour operation.
The second page includes the addresses of the local law enforcement, the count mortuary, Mr. Yerev;s residence, and the deceased’s next of kin. There is already a low-clearance-level ORB friendly working in the area: a cryptozoologist named Peter Berlend. His address is also listed, although it is not known if his local research has any connection to the murder.
Both of these are important, despite the impact of administration not being as devastating to the likes of Leeds United, Portsmouth and Leicester City as it perhaps should have been. It is good that Forest have worked through financial difficulties whilst meeting their commitments, even if the game does not reward that sort of morality, and the academy has provided some exciting, as well as some plain solid, talents.
If the word “begotten” as applied to Christ has had such importance in the history of Christian doctrine, why have some modern versions of the Bible omitted the “begotten” in their renderings of the verses quoted above?
Remember, she translated these from memory and had no official pattern to work with. She is known for just making up crotched patterns! Though I do know if you "google" crochetedd luggage tags, you find a bunch. I think this is a great idea in general though, how easy it would be to keep family members luggage separate and how easy to find your luggage amongst the sea of other bags out there!
It is easy to think you’re your own little God, and your own little Jesus. I’m so guilty of that. All too often I think I can fix every last problem if I just work harder, do more, stay busy, stay active, and buckle down. I think that I can figure it all out, and rescue myself from the darkest of pits. And I’ll share my thoughts about my efforts with anyone who’ll listen. I can’t be still, and know that HE is God, because I’m too busy being Him.
so everyone knows
At least six different deviant industries were crucial in enabling or propagating the AIDS epidemic. First, Belgian and French colonial development efforts (railroad building and mining, in particular) in central Africa increased demand for meat. This in turn spurred the hunting of simians, a dangerous and sanguinary activity which often led to injuries for those hunting and slaughtering the animals. It was this wrangling with apes that led to the seminal crossing of the HIV-1 virus from chimps to humans, some time around 1920.
The transfer rumour mill is in full swing with Stoke being linked with another Senegalese player, defender Lamine Diatta. How many defenders do we need? Hopefully we will add a pacy left sided midfielder and another striker in the January transfer window. Aston Villa’s Marlon Harewood is again linked with us but as long as Villa remain in Europe, coupled with Jon Carew’s frequent injuries I personally can’t see him leaving to join another club.
Nominating, ordering and solidifying the lists was nothing less than a loving clusterfuck of a process. After dumping all of our favorites into a spreadsheet, we shifted to wallpapering our office with a couple hundred post-it notes, arranged and (sometimes sneakily) rearranged from 1-100 over the course of a few months. The result is a pair of countdowns marked by eclecticism and charming quirks, entries which would be ten or twenty or forty positions higher than on other, safer lists. It is, we feel, more compelling than other countdowns of its ilk - we have avoided favoring the drudgery of rigid democracy and diplomacy that would have stamped out the sense of individualism that defines betterPropaganda.
I have lived two years longer than Jimi, Janis, Brian, Jim, Pigpen, Kurt, Amy, and a whole host of others, but I don't feel the need to keep counting. And this is coming from someone who is obsessed with numbers and counting. So I will just stay 29 and eventually get too senile to remember my real age.
“Sun’s comments left me realizing there is much work to be done to educate my peers from China. But while I have no sympathy for him, I also hope my friends from Singapore would not let yourselves be consumed by rage. As much as it’s tempting to do otherwise, I’m sure we all aspire to rise above and be the better one.”
I was oldest, so I got to use Dad’s hammer, when he wasn’t using it. (He and my stepmom were usually working on the really big issues with tractors, hydraulic lifts and pulleys and trying to get our power and water back.) We also had to bucket water from another well for most of that summer too, using wagons and kid-power. My sister and I would see who could fill their coffee can fastest with rusty, bent nails. After we pulled all the nails out of the lumber, we made neat stacks of clean boards that were then re-used over the next many months, as we re-built a barn, a chicken house and a shed. We were fortunate to only lose a porch off our house, leaving us with a roof over our collective heads.
There were a number of jobs that were earmarked URGENT and this was one of them. There is no way the girls would step foot in the bathroom in the condition as it was. I have to say though it did look worse than it really was, we fully expected the wall behind the shower to be rotten and it wasn't, however the floor underneath the vanity....was! We started on this before moving out of Lincoln and Brent pretty much plowed in and started ripping walls out, making the comment...."there's no turning back now".....yup.
One of the best entertainment deals in Asheville is the Downtown After 5 concert series. It’s one of the fun, free things to do in Asheville. The concerts, on Lexington Avenue, start at about 5:15 p.m. and offer food and beverages for purchase in addition to the free music and dancing.
There were, however, some survivors. One man fainted and was presumed dead, while some women and children of the men killed lived to tell the tale. According to them the Scots Guards had separated the men to be interrogated before the situation turned into a rampage of indiscriminate shooting.
Have the bestest weekend everyone.
She waited all night and then with the first bird call she slipped under water.
Looking forward to starting tomorrow!
We’ll say: No man,
Renwick’s ‘lost’ preaching at Woolf-Hole-Craig
Well, the move to Norfolk is over and we're (kind of) settled. The good news is that we absolutely LOVE our new home and couldn't have wished for a friendlier village to live in. The bad news....I'm missing my 'boys' like crazy!!! They both came up last Friday for the weekend and that was the first time I'd seen them in over 4 weeks. That may not seem like a long time, but as we've always lived so near each other it was the longest I'd ever gone without seeing them. We had a lovely weekend, but once they left for home I shed a few tears, I was so sad to see them go. The emotional turmoil wasn't helped by the fact that it was my beloved Mum's birthday and I still miss her every single day.
В« W.R. Grace Goes to Trial for Libby Asbestos Exposure- Tremolite
professional or doctor.
I can’t help but feel we’re neglecting a lot of really great stuff though. What else?
4. No matter how much end-of-life care may improve, there is always likely to be a small cohort who will want to end their own lives rather than face a period of reduced function and independence in their final illness.
I was so excited to go out to restaurants and not have to worry about public meltdowns, bathrooms with no changing tables, or not being able to fully enjoy a meal not cooked by me while enjoying an actual intelligent, adult conversation because a certain someone was dead set on escaping the high chair and subsequently chucking crushed Saltine crackers off the table. *Deep breath*
May you always remember:
You know the rest....we all scream for ice cream!
The good news, though, is that the rural people we have chosen to live amongst are resilient, inventive and resourceful. They have an innate knowledge of and respect for the natural world that other nations lost long ago. They are a population of survivors and doers, makers and creators, who have lived lives of simple yet successful self-sufficiency. They are role models not only for us, but for the wider world.
I've been updating more regularly in the Flickr group, and have been enjoying checking out other peoples' outfits. I'm realising that I don't have as many garments for this season as I thought - more tops are a must, and other things that don't look too summery and can easily be layered up for heat. Ah British weather!
In Northern Ireland, to spend a penny means to spend one penny (a hundredth of a pound) in order to procure some goods, not that a penny gets you much (or anything).
5. Protecting Your Feelings From Name-Calling
I wasn't a perfect vegan on Thanksgiving. I did not eat the turkey or the gravy (though I'm sure that gravy would have improved the taste of my Tofurky), but I did have some of B2's amazing stuffed mushrooms that contained sausage and I had a generous helping of the stuffing that my brother-in-law soaked in chicken broth. It was delicious like you can't imagine. I ate B1's mashed potatoes that probably have my arteries clogging as I type this and they tasted heavenly and I even put some cool whip on top of my vegan pumpkin pie since my coconut whipped topping was a failure. Baby steps.
Drake is meeting the most sought after courtesan but can't get Eloise out of his mind. When she needs his help he agrees but it brings him closer and closer to Eloise and soon he can't stop thinking about her. He realises that he wants her as his mistress and tries very hard to persuade her. But he soon realises he wants to spend more and more time with her.
“Does his head look like an onion?” Nikolas pointed at Leonard.
Despite last year’s Peace Prize, China’s Nobel obsession hasn’t dimmed, reports Osnos. Over the past few months the state press has feverishly covered anything that can be associated with the Nobel name — from headlining this year’s Lasker Award to the Chinese scientist Tu Youyou as ‘America’s Nobel’, to reporting the opening of the recent Lindau Nobel Laureate meeting on Economic Sciences. And as far as I can tell, science laureates visiting China are still treated like celebrities, with lectures packed to the rafters, unlike similar lectures in say, the US and UK.
either never remove at all or seldom inspect if they
No matter how stealthy I am, Rosie sees the motion of my hand slipping into the treat bag, and she abandons the sock before I can say "Drop it!" She hears the crinkle of the plastic bag and is at my side, sitting nicely, long before I can say, "Come here!"
Hey Guys,
Breathe, email apnea
Germain D, Wakefield MA and Durkin SJ. Adolescents’ perceptions of cigarette brand image: does plain packaging make a difference? Journal of Adolescent Health 2009;46(4):38592.
Volunteer as an Active Travel Champion for Sustrans and we’ll provide you with all the training, resources and support you need to inspire people to be more active, whether you want to volunteer within your workplace, community or school.
I'm also upset because now there is no chance to save my sick-leave days which means that my maternity leave will end up with me starting off the new year, in a new district a) not being with my students at the start of school but b) docked pay right out of the gate. I'm already facing not getting a paycheck for Sept, but now my Oct paycheck will be docked for every day I miss making the paycheck that much smaller. Additionally, all appointments for me and my son, both routine and sick-based will be docked out of my paycheck as well -- since I won't have any sick-leave days to use. It also means that when I start out the next school year I'll be starting from the bare minimum...again.
Just some real shit that i’m going through and niggas go through every day…. but it’s not a pity party i’ll figure it out.
Anyway, I just know you are chomping at the bit to find out what we have planned, and even more so to get to those really helpful links, so without further ado, here are our 2012 curriculum plans:
With the first glass of Guinness 250 gone and still facing half a plate of bangers and mash, I ordered a glass of New Belgium’s Hoptoberfest, which must be some sort of locally protected secret because when I took my seat at the pub I made a point of asking the waitress what seasonals were currently available and all she offered was Sam Adams Octoberfest. (I shouldn’t beef too much; at least my waitress clued me in to the Guinness 250 sale, right?) Lucky for me I overheard another waitress telling other patrons about the Hoptoberfest. Well, sort of lucky. I was expecting something on the order of a marzen but this one arrived lager thin and only slightly darker than a Bud or a Coors. The hop smell is right up front with this one and the taste is hoppy and sweet, reminding me of another beer that I’m still unable to recall. Hoptoberfest is decidedly unlike any other New Belgium offering I’ve had in the past.
“I don’t feel respected,” says Wu. “After doing this season, that’s what I realized. And that’s my justification for why I won’t stay here much longer.”
Anyhoo, back to Molly and how she arrived: My doc was very rah-rah about VBAC and didn't let a single appointment go by without mentioning it. She measured me every month, and even let me have a few extra ultrasounds to make sure that I wasn't brewing another Paul Bunyan in my womb. It was during these ultrasounds that we first found out Molly was a she. I remember the technician pointing out the gender-bits on the little fuzzy screen: "See, this looks like a hamburger? Like two buns pressed around a patty? That's her vagina. If it looked like a turtle we'd be saying penis right now." And so my pink party was started.
Lots of assorted goodies!!
G: You know, Jesus' friend Mary Madeline.
Winner will be announced before the new year!
The report comes at the same time as the new housing index which shows a new low in home prices. The reason why those who can afford purchasing a home choose not too is not a sudden change in mentality but the insecurity in the job market. The new fluidity in jobs, outsourcing, technology replacement, and business failures are taking their toll in confidence.
Just then, I heard a knock on the door. There stood my friend, Eric with a cup of Dunkin Donuts coconut coffee with cream and sugar (my absolute fave, just the way I like it) and three cups of hot chocolate for my little ones. How sweet was that? Not only is he an awesome, thoughtful friend, he's my Handy Manny. AND, he didn't even make fun of me when he saw me with my hair all Medusa-like, make-up smeared on my face because I was too tired to wash it off the night before, and ratty old pajamas. You can't beat that. Seriously, if he hadn't shown up, I was planning on driving the kids to school in my pajamas and coming back home to take a nap. He inspired me to get off my butt, shower, and do something productive. So, thanks Eric, for the coffee, for being such a great friend, for making me get off my butt and do something, and for not making fun of my lovely morning look, and my even more lovely, morning, pre-coffee attitude.
Delicate Sri Lankan red Chicken Curry with cardamon Rice & poppadoms
White-crowned Sparrows nest either low in bushes or on the ground under shrubs and lay 3–5 brown-marked grey or greenish-blue eggs.
2. Drivin’ My Life Away (Eddie Rabbit cover)
“N when you talk about his maiden voyage his chest puffs out with pride
So I was able to tell her the story I had heard on the news just the day before of a woman who had feigned insanity (or irritating offness) to get off jury duty by dressing silly and behaving irresponsibly. Then she bragged about it on a radio talk show, the judge heard it, and now she's charged with perjury. She left her hair rolled in curlers of different colors, shapes and sizes, slathered on "excessive" makeup and dressed in mismatched shoes with holiday reindeer socks and a T-shirt emblazoned with, "Ask Me About My Best Seller," the affidavit said. (http://www.thedenverchannel.com/news/30732249/detail.html)Holly's math class is a self-paced thing, and she's getting A's, so she figures she can get ahead some, and tell the teacher she might need to miss some classes, and that it won't be a problem. She has a once-a-week mother's helper job, and that won't be hard to re-schedule if necessary. And they're paying jurors minimum wage now. That was news to me.
When he throws dice
And that’s how we had an instant Baguio trip.
1 Peter 3:11 Let him turn away from evil and do good; let him seek peace and pursue it.
The small triangles are 2 1/2" squares. I have used three light green fabrics for the green triangles. The instructions call for all of these to be the same. This may be a place where you use different scraps that you have left instead of cutting new squares.
Paper: Beau Chateau DSP, Whisper White, Pink Pirouette and Soft Suede Card Stock
This was for a friend's birthday. She'd gone through my Jan Stawasz book and dribbled over the jewellery, so I thought I'd have a go. The pendant is the "Christmas Ornament" from Jan's book (with an extra-long beaded picot added to thread it on the necklet), the earrings are a one-off from me. The beads are only plastic, but they look nice and irridescent.
You know it when it happens. It’s that craving, itching feeling when it starts to rain–you’re like a dog scratching at the door. It’s that gnawing sensation in your stomach after a few days withdrawal so noticeable people think you’ve tried to quit smoking. No, it’s an addiction so much worse, and only other afflicted people can understand what you’re going through.
Well, we know there's now SPF 15 in it -- that's a plus. And the scent is the same (praise the beauty gods!). I love the smell of this tanner; it's beachy, tropical and coconutty, and it masks most of the DHA smell without interfering with it and creating some hellish, putrid hybrid.
When City Press visited the property two weeks ago, a huge wall surrounded the property and the entrance was guarded by a big police armoured vehicle and police officers.
An earlier, less fortunate victim of canine distemper may have been the Tasmanian Devil or Thylacine and in 1991 about 20% of Serengeti’s lion population died from exposure to the distemper virus (CDV).
If you are on Path let me know. My username is Barrytg! I have included a link to an excellent site about user design called Start ups this is how design works.
I am the very first person to tear myself down (and truthfully, probably about the ONLY person to do it) and I am pretty viscous about it. There is a whole litany of things that I constantly remind myself that I am just not good at, don't qualify for or have the power to influence in. Now, I KNOW what God says about me. I have read his thoughts over and over. But, I allow my own thoughts to drown him out. These thoughts go back a lot of years, and I just can't seem to get them out.
and this is monday morning at our house! I'm blogging from just near the window, they are playing, the washing machine is working hard and I can hang it out while they play! It's a great little set up but took almost an hour before I could sit down for a bit as someone wanted something then something else and so on! Oh and we're still waiting for foxtel, they've rescheduled on me for this morning after cancelling yesterday and ringing the wrong number to tell me. Then they rescheduled again for late this afternoon. So not a happy customer and hoping nothing goes wrong this afternnoon! Please foxtel, 4 small children and an exhausted mummy.
Once he had the whisky in his paws he looked a bit more lively and we shooed him out of the front door with a minute to go. The rest of us counted down, cheered, kissed, watched the fireworks and waited with bated breath for our first-foot. He seemed to take a while and I was worried he'd sneaked off with the The Famous Grouse so in the end I had to shout at him through the letter-box.
Of course, we don't have a bed frame for Sweet Pea and she also wants to sleep alone, not with her sister anymore, so we've got a little shopping and a lot of rearranging to do, but this is exciting! I don't know if The Bug will want to move to a different room with her sister, but it doesn't matter. Since Sweet Pea is ready for her own bed we'll get another twin sized bed for The Bug and put it in whichever room she wants to sleep in. My feeling is that she will want to keep her bed in the master bedroom but she is missing her sister from their bed (Sweet Pea is sleeping in the guest room alone again tonight) so who knows, maybe she will want to move rooms too! We shall see.
We’ve all had that moment, when you are expecting something amazing, order, and then disappointment sets in when the waiter brings your plate to the table. It’s the risk involved when you stray from your always reliable Pad Thai to the ‘that looks interesting, I’ll give it a go’ order at the local Thai restaurant. Or in this case when you are dead hungry, craving an authentic Neapoletan pizza and the menu is in Italian with ingredients you haven’t heard of before. In Napoli I only experienced amazing pizza (see post Amazing Food Discoveries: Napoli), but unfortunately for my friend, she lucked out.
I also LOVE mango sticky rice, the best dessert ever. When I found out our exact departure date to China drawing closer, I ate mango sticky rice daily. I know I’m gonna miss it when I leave Thailand (yup, would love to have a bite of it right now), here is the famous dessert picture
White is a dumb color to wear on a sailboat, especially a sailboat overflowing with dogs. On the laundry note, fabric soaked in saltwater, even after it is reasonably dry, will soon reek. Quadruple that for wetsuits.
This morning I read over one of the Sherlock Holmes mysteries, “His Last Bow,” which is, I think, perhaps my favorite, and I noticed some very profound words on the part of the great detective. Now remember, this is directly before WW1. I read:
Good question! ’Honor killings’ have started to appear in a lot of newspapers recently, usually in reference to the death of a person of Arab, Central or South Asian ethnicity or nationality dying at the hands of her/his family. Firstly, as Islamophobia Watch has pointed out recently, in many of these cases, the concept of ‘honor killing’ was inserted by reporters or bloggers, without any basis from the case itself[1]. Also, as woodturtle has persuasively argued, although the term ‘honor killing’ tends to be applied only in certain cases – again, generally due to the racial, national or religious background of the victim or perpetrator-, the reality of people being grievously harmed or killed by their partners or families is all too real throughout North America, and really, we should treat all domestic violence as domestic violence.
Do the secular and the ultra-Orthodox have something to say to each other? I read them, but they (with some exceptions) don't read me, and have never heard of me. There is no incentive for a Chasidic writer to read a secular writer, unless they want to benefit from a secular esthetic and the variety of topics available to it. That would be strange indeed - but stranger things have happened to Jews and Yiddish. Why shouldn't some of the strange things be blessings?
I really got a kick out of the “equal opportunity” bit in our ceremony. I wasn’t expecting it, and I think I giggled as I grabbed Mr. AZ to lay another big smooch on him. Did your officiant throw in anything fun?
The track title may appear like his space bar is stuck, but it's quite fitting in a way: this tune takes you to a place with plenty of head room.
*drum roll please*
(Source: omojuwa.com)
Did you even notice? I'm hoping my husband won't either when he gets home. I can't imagine he's going to let me keep it this way for long. I already know what he's going to say "I know they say not to judge a book by it's cover but geeze!"
That brings us back in turn to the binary I mentioned above. I sincerely doubt that there’s anyone in America today who doesn’t cherish the thought that if only the right political changes were made, the world would be a much better place. I have such thoughts fairly often, though they’re tempered in my case by the wry realization that the changes I’d most like to see, if put to a popular ballot, would probably not get a single favorable vote other than mine. Daydream politics of this sort are now and then helpful, since that’s one of the ways that people come up with the currently unthinkable notions that will dominate serious politics fifty years from now, but in times of severe social stress they can feed into the sort of unwelcome consequences I’ve outlined above.
But of course it’s not the first season. It’s the sixth. We cut Vince, E, Johnny & Turtle a lot of slack because we’ve been around them for so long. We used to love these guys, we’re just waiting around to see if they’ll remind us why that was.
Back when I was in about the 5th-8th grades in school, practically EVERY girl in school was in love with one or more members of the Bay City Rollers.
Welcome to KMC. Couple months ago, a friend of a friend asked me to help her make some wedding invitations (about 100) for her upcoming wedding (next year). Her wedding colors are red and gold. Therefore, I made a wedding invitation sample using the wedding colors of red and gold. The bride-to-be wants it to be cute but elegant. This is my first time of making wedding invitation, I hope the bride-to-be will like it. In the meantime, I will try to develop more wedding invitation concept cards for the bride-to-be to choose.
(This was especially helpful to me since I spent a lot of time this fall – 2010 – talking to Jehovah Witnesses about the Trinity, a concept that they do not accept.)
On Being English
Judd stirred suddenly and lifted his head, disturbing two inches of ash and dust. Some of which stubbornly clung to his sweaty skin. He moaned loudly and clutched at his aching temple. A bit of dust to his left stirred and lit up in muted green from below. Judd reached out of hand and dusted off a layer, sending a cloud airborne and he sneezed. Then a small object, the size and appearance of a marble shot out from the dust and hovered a few feet away. It faded from brilliant green to a subdued shade of Blue(ltd) and shook a little bit to get off the last smidgen of dirt.
4. United Kingdom
Edited in:
What ever your drain problem is, our professional plumber can diagnose the problem and help you decide the best method to choose to fix your drain problem. If you have to replace your pipes or sewer lines, we’re licensed experienced professionals, We are Plumbing.
(5) If need be, have someone guard the table until your client sees the table. Yes, sounds crazy, but your client should see your work of art before it gets touched.
Darkness was a fearful time for me anyway - Boogers, you know. The scary ghost stories we heard while sitting around the hearth or heating stove when a neighbor or relative visited helped to create for me an underlying lifelong fear of the dark.
Carroll (54-10 in five years) encased in carbonite.
but not quite like this.
We have a little herb garden outside the kitchen, and this sage never disappeared this winter. Today when Gary was cleaning out there he cut a lot of it and it went to a couple of my students.
But in this plan, you have to be leery of get-rich-quick schemes. Since there is no such thing the sooner you realize it, the better off you will be. Wealth is not a microwave plan: it is a slow cooker plan, taking time to get things just right over a reasonable period of time. If someone tells you that they have a foolproof plan to get money fast, and easy- run.
"We don't need no education," or so the cool song went (before factories moved abroad!)
Let freedom start with you. Disclaim your copy rights. Put your works in the public domain. Don't feed the beast.
The public has a right to expect that only people of good character and standing should be given special advisers’ posts, which come with a healthy salary.
One of my favourite parts was...I can't say because its the end event which made me need a tissue. I'll opt for the one when Crow takes her sewing machine on holiday, and Nonie remarks it is Crow's version of a teddy bear.
It should come as no surprise that the festive season has been providing song-poets with a bottomless barrel of maudlin sentiment for decades. Along with US Presidents, Elvis and life-threatening diseases or injuries Christmas is easily one of the most popular subjects for budding lyricists. As another Christmas approached your average song-shark would have been rubbing his calloused hands with so much glee it’s a wonder they didn’t catch fire.
When I love, let me be giving of all of my heart,
and justice for all the oppressed.
6. Some brands have an endless marketing budget recognize the need for brand awareness. I attended the William and Grant Party at the National War Museum, and their party made anything I've seen look like child's play. Bars were set up all over the gigantic museum along with a hot dog cart outside and raw shucked oysters inside. Singers and dancers were on stage. A photobooth was set up in one of the exhibits. Farm animals were brought to the party for what I think was a Farm to Bar demonstration of sorts. I milked a cow named Cassie (below).
There’s the part of me that is the witch. The one who gets her hands dirty, who bathes herself in salted milk, who crafts charms and spells. The one who heals, curses and sees beyond the limits where most make their way.
Moral objections — and they are strong and widespread — to moonshine notwithstanding, the stuff has posed a very real danger to drinkers for generations. Customers, quite literally, have died from drinking what passes for moonshine and continue to do so around the world.
There are only three kinds of people who makes it in this world. Those who are rich, those who are beautiful, and those who are smart.
And that is what he found, along with observing that a significant fraction of moths found in their natural daytime resting position (35%, to be exact) were sitting on tree trunks, as the predation hypothesis requires (birds have to see the moths to eat them).
Wash the empty bottles out really well.
frame which were cut out with my nesties. I used my
“The land of Dendarg is home of the Son’s Night point… that close… you should be able to see it really well.” Naida kept her pace
Interviewer: Are you also against spreading the call for Islam in the West, among non-Muslims?
As quietly as I could I navigated my way through the dimly lit Atrium to the kitchen, my bare feet echoed through the house. I quickly got hold of the rope hanging like a snake over the top of the well, it was a modern inside well so the cook and maids would not have to go outside to wash or for water. I looked over the side and tried to see the bottom of the well, but it seemed to go to the centre of the earth, (good job the world is flat.) I said to myself recalling what my father had said to me the day before. The bucket came into view, I couldn't be bothered to get a glass. I lifted the heavy pale to my lips and let the water run down my parched throat.
Now we say goodbye
obligated to be in an intimate relationship.Intimacy forces you to keep digging, searching,
“Bullshit…God has horns!” Terry Bellefleur
The power of confidence:
There's got to be some turning point where you had an idea for what would have happened if X hadn't done Y or the PCs hadn't blown up the bridge or... A session looking at the effects of such a change could be interesting, as long as the players involved don't feel like their effect on the game world is being lessened.
“From fuck’s sake, do I have to do everything around here?” said UN secretary general Ban Ki-Moon in disgust at a special session to address The Moment, right after the moment came and went. “Where are all the fireworks? The man-made disasters? Some significant event we’d be able to tie to The Moment and celebrate year after year? How come nobody invaded anybody? Or bombed the hell out of some city? We can’t just depend on North Korea to be the bad guy and do some newsworthy shit all the time!”
Unanswered questions
Organize your pantry and discard old food. Repackage items that have torn torn or open boxes, and consider storing them in Tupperware to eliminate the threat of insects.
-My always amazing boyfriend, who buys me Oreos at the gas station when I'm having a bad day, and then proceeds to help me finish the entire package.
After emailing our Member of parliament, education office, school and everyone else I haven't heard anything back from anyone :(
-The Best Music Videos of the (Aught) Decade
As they all start to get angry with each other, Kit reminds them that Muffy is a close friend. Muffy walks in, glares at them, and announces that she's going up to her room. After she leaves, everyone else more or less agrees to do the same, figuring that they'll be safe as long as they stay put in their rooms. When only Hal, Kit and Rob remain, Rob says that he plans to find a way into the attic, to watch for the constable. Hal promises to watch the stairs.
The Lord passed in front of Moses, calling out, “Yahweh!The Lord! The God of compassion and mercy! I am slow to anger and filled with unfailing love and faithfulness. I lavish unfailing love to a thousand generations.I forgive iniquity, rebellion, and sin. But I do not excuse the guilty. I lay the sins of the parents upon their children and grandchildren; the entire family is affected—
I will admit to being fascinated by almshouses, especially those that still provide accommodation as their founders intended. These certainly seemed well kept though we were not able to see what they are like within. You will find a short history of them on The Cleave’s Almshouses Web site.
I was running around in circles, trying to get everything for everyone, but I just couldn't keep up. I went to the bar to wait for my table's drinks, but the bartender forgot how to make a martini and had to look it up in his bartending manual. He couldn't look it up though because he didn't know how to spell "martini" and no one had a clue. I kept trying to tell him that it started with a letter "M", but he didn't believe me and meanwhile, my customers were getting angry. (At least I could spell in my dream.)
“So you mean to tell me that we we’re broke when you asked Comi for the money?”
To me anyway,
The Doctor is giddy over the humanized Daleks. And why shouldn’t he be. He has introduced into Daleks the ability to have fun and inquisitive and friendly. It is a wonderful scene, but you know that the regular Daleks won’t allow this to last very long.
I have a feeling that once she's born I'll have no time to clean. I'll miss the motivation that nesting gives. I'll miss the clean house.
This not to be missed all day conference is aimed at savvy women who are interested or involved in promoting business and features:-
It's also not just for bloggers. I wrote it with small business owners in mind, too! If you run an Etsy shop or an online store, it's worth checking out! I highly suggest you write a blog to help promote your business anyway! I talk about how to promote yourself, pitch a design to a blogger for review, and how to handle negative feedback if you were to get it.
The real point involved in these questions was the efficacy of the Sacrament of Baptism, not merely in infants, but in adults, and that question could not, he argued, be fairly dissevered from the efficacy of the other Sacrament, that of the Lord s Supper. (See Article XXIX.) The Articles were cited as teaching that, in addition to right administration of both sacraments, "worthy reception" is essential to their becoming " effectual signs of grace." No distinction is made in this respect between adults and infants. "They that receive baptism rightly (recte baptismum suscipientes, i.e. not merely by lawful administration, but by worthy reception) are grafted into the Church; the promises of the forgiveness of sins and of our adoption to be the sons of God by the Holy Ghost, are visibly signed and sealed."
5. For me, I found the most effective ads (the ones that got clicks) quoted parts of reviews in my ads. I did vary the wording and headline from time to time to keep the ad fresh.
Ask Barack Obama.
Did researching garbage make you more aware of your own trash habits? Do you throw out more or less now?
Over the next hour, it went places. Places I wanted to go along with it. It opened into something of increasing textural complexity, with spicy and floral playing together in an offhanded and compelling way. The wine was also exceptionally pure.
Red Roses For A Blue Lady
“…what about two?”
C: Control: Focus on what you can do within your own control to weather the storm; we deal with change very poorly when we think that it is all out of our control. We often spend too much time on things outside our circle of influence/control. Panicking results from forgetting that we have things within our control. (ed. Reminder of the serenity prayer: “Accept the things you cannot change, have the courage to change what you can and wisdom to know the difference.”)
All you have to do is buy, or borrow a copy of the book, try some recipes, and share your tips, questions and experiences in the comments of the VegCookBook Club blog, in a post on your own blog, or on Twitter and Instagram using the hashtag #vegcookbookclub. You can also share your photos and thoughts on Christy's Blissful Chef Facebook page.
February 9: The FDA’s Drug Safety and Risk Management Advisory Committee urged that the strongest “black box” warning be issued for stimulants, because they may cause heart attacks, strokes and sudden death.
I have often been asked if Christopher defended me because he was my close friend. The truth is that he became my close friend because he wanted to defend me.
P.S. If you want a lovely watercolor-and-ink print with the Mary Oliver quote, look no further than Bethany's Etsy shop, The Ripe Word.
Okay, but let’s be real here. This is what I’m afraid of, and I don’t know that this is what’s going to happen. Maybe it’s possible to find a job where I can accommodate for the memory problems. There are friend-type people who are understanding. What’s happening is I’m scared of going back into the world. Scared that I won’t find a place that I fit into comfortably. Scared that I’m too messed up to make it work.
Then, there was Munkoto (firewood), labelled thus because an
Beer menus.
If you download and enjoy, please let me know with a comment! :)
I first did my 5 Things I Love post a year ago today and since then, I have found even more items in my home/closet that make me smile. So I thought I would do an update :)
Love ya, Linda
show details 12/10/09
the fear of the unknown
But she figured it out. She sat me down in her poor attempt at being a mother and asked “why are you doing this? What do you want from me?”
Why is it, then, that I so anticipate this time of year – admittedly like every other time, but this quality of deep purple blueness against the acid green of the new beech leaves and the tawny-gold oak leaflets is unique; and yet it speeds past while I lose myself and the gift of this precious moment in the belief that there are other things more important to do than standing and gazing, than immersion in the deep heart of this one-and-only time of Right Now, Right Here? With what else do we offset our broken hearts at the troubles of the world?
Hello Team,
Surprisingly cute romantic comedy pretending it's not a romantic comedy. Two young people become friends, decide they can also have sex with each other without getting emotionally attached, and, well, you know where that goes because you've seen movies before and you know that Hollywood abhors a romantic vacuum. It's fun getting there, even despite the movie's insistence that flash mobs are somehow fun, interesting, or romantic; seriously, a flash mob is what finally entices Justin Timberlake to move to New York early in the film, when it would have had me running back to the airport. Anyway, Timberlake and Mila Kunis are both sexy, high energy comic actors, and they have good chemistry together, and it feels like a movie that's more fun that it has a right to be. Richard Jenkins is good (as he always is) as Timberlake's father. ***
I also sampled a hot-out-of-the-oven cupcake. Oh MY! These could indeed be eaten plain. They are not overly citrusy - but I can taste both the lime and the lemon. These are awesome!!! I do believe they would have been even more awesome with whole milk yogurt...but these are none to shabby that's for sure.
WARNING: The next two entries are not very SFW!
Shooting Mode Aperture-Priority AE
John the Balladeer is horror, but it isn't genuinely troubling horror. It's comfortable horror. The book would be troubling only to anyone who works for the Devil rather than for God, in which case it should serve as a timely reminder for that individual to come back over to God's side. After all, God is destined to win. Ultimately the Devil doesn't stand a chance. Why align yourself with the biggest loser in the universe? That's the message of this kind of horror. Work for God.
This has been my first full week without my dog. I had gotten in such a habit of walking her 3 times a day and I spend the last 8 days not walking. I am feeling it. I went for one walk around the neighborhood without her last week and basically cried the whole time.
On one half of each circle, place 1 Tbs. of mozzarella shreds, 1 Tbs. tomato sauce, ¼ tsp. capers, ¼ tsp. olives and some spinach. Sprinkle on a bit of grated parmesan. Fold the circle over and seal the edges closed. Use fork tines to completely seal the edges.
Today I am playing along with this challenge:
Now for some swatches:
Opinion dished: If the American army could see through the cuteness of Vietnamese children to slaughter villages then we can see through the penguin cuteness and eliminate the real threat.
Evernote came to mind, but it didn’t have some of the functions that I wanted to use. I’d heard about Springpad and decided to give it a try. It was a good choice.
Bananas can act as mood enhancers or mild sedatives.
Miss Diana Ross had the celebrity factor on her side, and I suspect there was also a bit of deglam for the role, which always helps; plus, it’s a dramatized biopic of a well-known singer. Her Oscar nomination was supported by a Golden Globe nomination.
My image is Saturated Canary. I just love Krista's images. They are such beauty's. I colored her with Copics and I added Stickles only on the dove's heart and on her buttons.
Last year, Prince Restaurant provided one of the best meals on my trip to Hong Kong - so I was excited to return this year. This time, for dinner, on my second night back!
About my dongles lack of clout
When I closed the last page of Stolen Figs (reading every so slowly as I neared the end knowing my time in Calabria was ending), I picked up My Calabria by Rosetta Costantino with Janet Fletcher and decided to cook. I needed a sweet for a family dinner. While I yearned for Rotella's Tartufo al Modo di Pizzo (ice cream truffle), simplicity won out and the ricotta ice cream would be made.
Given that rate increases for both market-rate and affordable units would be governed by rent stabilization, the difference in value between the market-rate and upper-income affordable studio seems negligible.
Sealed with a kiss... literally. Look at these adorable notebooks from Lulu Guinness... don't you want one? It's hard to resist cute stationery! I used to collect paper when I was younger! In fact, I had one box filled with cute notebooks, another stuffed with stickers, and yet another for my favourite pens and pencils.
In my opinion Prof. Desiraju’s analysis is applicable across the board – the feudal mind-set and the subservience to older people is not a problem of just Indian science. It extends to even law and lawyers. As he notes it’s a probably a hangover of our past.
According to reports, Kris Aquino’s driver violated the law by double parking outside the ABS-CBN compound in Quezon City last Friday. The unidentified driver who did not follow the traffic rule used to work for Vice President Jejomar Binay.
- vanilla flavoured pretzel sticks (palm tree trunk)
along London’s South Bank last August.
Strictly looking at numbers of comments I can say
Crenos was drawn with a sinister smile, like what I do with some of my recent O.C.s lately. My drawing, my style la! P:
Notes: I've used tilapia, salmon, catfish, lake trout, perch, blue gill or bass.
I may put a poly or wax over it to protect it, but I’ll just wait to see how it holds up.
I really like the concept of the Khador war dog. I’m a bit of a dog person anyway, so there’s that bias, but they provide great defensive bonuses to their Warcaster in-game. While a War Dog is near its master, the Warcaster cannot be snuck up on from behind, can leave combat while the dog runs interference for them, and has the benefit of a faithful companion capable of biting through bone and armour, and able to sniff out a threat a mile away.
The easiest way to do this is to remove all items from your desktop except for items that are absolutely necessary for your work (i.e. phone, computer, task light). Determine which items you use on a daily basis (i.e. pen & pencil holder, letter tray) and place them back onto the desk. Add a personal item or two (i.e. family photo, decorative figurine or small plant). The other items that you have removed will either need to find a new home (i.e. desk drawer, filing cabinet, recycle bin). If you perform this exercise weekly, it will take less and less time to complete and your desk will look beautifully organized.
9. Attack Of The Killer Tomatoes - Lee Lewis (cassette only)
(But that’s just me. It is of course possible to prove or disprove a belief in anything you like.)
I arrived at the party, intoxicated with booze,
Those of you who are writers: did you encounter a steep learning curve when first writing sex scenes, or was it smooth sailing from the beginning? And what about the readers out there? Do you have any suggestions on what writers should avoid if we want to keep you reading?
The time has come to move Gracie's updates to our family blog. I haven't been all that great at keeping this one updated. Life with two has slightly rocked my world this last year, especially in combination with our third adoption journey long underway. But I wouldn't trade it for anything. Gracie is the sweetest, most lovable baby on earth. I adore her.
Boys and their toys. Boys will be boys. But the boy is so much more than just the common behaviour patterns of his gender. The boy is a person, just like any other child. Let’s try to see beyond his gender then, shall we?
11/29 Wichita, KS OZ Cafe
It was so much cooler in my head.
Miso marinated salmon, fail miso grilled aubergine which didn't brown and I couldn't be bothered to do anything about it
“Do not worry, Herr Oberst, Mother Russia will teach your people about what is worst of all things.” Khostov/Dantrich smiled, his teeth a broken ruin of blood and gore. “And it will be a long, long lesson.”
When the sun comes up, I get up and bark.
Key to success will be the democratization of the biological design and manufacturing process, breaking open the field to those outside the biological sciences.
While I completely understand that there is a need to balance the budget and restore some level of rationality to the decision to attend university, hurting students in the pocket is the worst thing that National could possibly do. I don’t care about interest on student loans – that’d be a good idea – but lowering my income when the cost of living is ridiculously out of touch with household incomes is sadistic.
After a prolonged shooting schedule in London, Katrina wanted to work on something totally different on returning to India.
Nowadays it seems like there are blogs about everything. We have unprecedented access into the intimate details of people’s lives. Do we really need another very personal look into someone’s crappy life? Maybe not; probably not.
2 tablespoons chili powder
"He's not plastic," says one Tea Party conservative. "He's speaking straight from his heart. He wants a carton of Merits and some Jiffy Pop, and he doesn't want to have to put his shirt on to get them. You know why? Because this is America."
Yes, I'm writing another post about my granddaughters. Hey it's something isn't it? The posts aren't exactly flowing lately. So I'll take it any way I can get it.
around the world to get
Welcome to the the Real Japan Monsters blog. Bringing you high definition videos and photographs of some of Japan’s most fascinating wildlife.
Watches have always been considered a symbol of style and beauty. They not only serve as a fashion accessory for women but add great style to men as well. This is the reason that we many see a whole variety and different types of watches that are made specifically to cater the taste that men carry.
Adler SA, Finney JW, Manganello AM, Best AM. Prevention of child-to-mother transmission of cytomegalovirus by changing behaviors: a randomised controlled trial. Pediatr Infect Dis J 1996; 15: 240-246.
Both Zoe and Tarantino agreed that the character's aim was to get far enough ahead of Stuntman Mike for them then to slow down and get Zoe off the hood.
We heard many stories about the dangers of visiting Colombia, particularly with gang and drug problems. But we also heard along the way that these issues were improving. We remained cautious, and vigilant.
Ma’am I know you don’t know me from Adam
Besides the great story, this book is very interactive. The pages are bursting with information and games. A lot of the pages have search and find games hidden within the pictures. There is also an insect spotting game that spans the entire book.
Stayed at home on Sunday to finally clean my place after procrastinating for so long. That’s practically the reason I have such a ‘take-me-out-of-here’ kind of look in the pictures (except for the last one that is–that’s the look of triumph, after finishing the task of course-lol).
Heroic bosses are another story. Especially at times of beginning progression, the Resto Shaman Mastery is priceless – the less health your target has when you heal them, the more your heal will hit for. Obviously in a raid setting this is still not 100%, because other healers will be raising the health of as many people as they can, but even with less Haste, your heals will hit and they will hit big.
With my legs comfortably relaxed in front of me and my feet flat on the floor, I scooted up so I was sitting on the front edge of the couch where there was the most support. Then I straightened up, sucking my stomach in toward my lower back, and maintaining good posture. I stretched my arms out and slowly rotated to each side and then raised my arms above my head before relaxing down and repeating.
Warren E. Buffett’s secretary will continue to pay a higher tax rate than her billionaire boss
The pain is outweighing the pleasure.
Events: Oaktoberfest (October), Pork of July (anniversary party on July 4th), Brewer’s Cup Celebration (summer)
"Robyn's Fetish Digital Stamps And More is proud to sponsor this challenge. Robyn's Fetish Digital Stamps And More, a division of I Did It Creations, was created and is is owned by Robyn Weinrib. Robyn offers a wonderful variety of digital stamps and digital papers."
Make lemon sized balls from the dough & roll out into a medium thick circle.
Cameron reached the finish line in 42 minutes in high spirit and has already expressed the desire to be part of this event every year. The reigning queen highlighted that it is important that more people stand together so that a cure for women’s and all cancers will be found soon.
There are many streusel cake recipes on the internet but I'm not sure whether you've come across a Sweet potato streusel cake. This cake is delectable, something different and I like the crumbly streusel especially when the cake is served warm.
I don’t know if I am doing right by keeping things to myself, not sharing anything to anyone. The person who did ask me to do this is a close friend who is no longer in town. I miss having the person around. We do skype now and then but long distance relationships…well…that is that. Don’t know about that one! In my confusion of what the heck I am doing, I shut a really good friend out of my life. Sorry (if you are reading this!) I still don’t know why I did that or whether it is right or wrong. I did that right when we were reconnecting after quite a few years. Another friend who i have known for years now, is just confusing me saying nothing is different, but is unavailable if I call or ping. I don’t want to be disturbing my friends. I know they all have their own lives and are really busy. They will ping me when they feel like it. Sometimes I feel like I am just waiting for a ping sometime…desperate to get one text or call…then I feel disappointed when I don’t get any or when someone does not even respond to my ping. I wonder why I even have a phone these days. My facebook/twitter activity is minimal.
It was super easy. I will never do it by hand again. It's my new favorite trick. I did a double gather on each strip and then pulled them fairly tightly.
There is life and healing
When the pulley system is activated, it pulls a string (I did help with the tying of the string) that’s attached to a stick that props up a flying broomstick (a nod to Harry Potter). Once that stick is pulled away, the broomstick swings on a pendulum.
I kept my card simple. I used the stamps from the French Country set, and a piece of patterned paper from October Afternoon. When I'm after homespun look, OA is always a perfect choice!
Verve Sonnet UK
Liam Hiller, Politics Editor
Holly (at least Barbara's version of her) is the kind of woman you'll find in the corner of any Wetherspoon's at eleven o'clock in the morning, nursing a Gin and Tonic and wiping away the smudges of fag ash from the 'little black number' she threw on before she went out last night.
The Melting Pot is a fondue restaurant neither of us had never been to before. At $70 and up per couple, it's a little pricey. While the food was fine, the experience and the service was excellent. We agreed we'd definitely return for another special night out.
For several weeks I kept these thoughts to myself, but along came the bees, and Monica’s inspiration to set up this blog. Coincidences or signs? I’m thinking, “Here’s your sign.”
I've loved the characters of Amy and Georgette since the first book in the series, so maybe I was hoping for more in "their story" (Amy gets to be the lead, while Georgette has a small supporting love story). However, I do still love Amy and how she grows out of her awkward wallflower role into a Regency fashionista.
Of course another bonus of this is that an Ipad will set you back $499 (starting price) where as the Jazzmutant model will rip a $2100 sized hole in your pocket.
Cover and let the dough chill for an hour.
Following the U.S. premiere, 2NE1TV’s 3rd season will officially be re-branded as “2NE1TV LIVE:WORLDWIDE“.
I’ve been doing a bit of drilling through Ravelry’s database, looking first at what fingering weight yarn I have in green and then at pattern ideas for those yarns. It has been a useful exercise that has thrown up some suggestions I would not have automatically considered.
It is 2 shakes a day, and let me tell you - they are so good (there are hundreds of different recipes out there so there is no chance of bordem)! Snacks in between and then a sensible dinner - easy!
How nice. He felt a smile.
The winner will be chosen by random draw on May 20th and posted in the blog on Monday, May 21, 2012. Prize is a $20 Gift Certificate to the CropStop Store.
Let time be thy guide, impatient spirit, and rest.
Google has released a new version, 18·0·1025·168, of its Chrome browser, for all platforms: Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, and Chrome Frame. This new version fixes five identified security flaws, three of which Google rates as High severity. Further information on these changes is in the release announcement.
I don’t really collect a lot of clown stuff because most of it is bad but not bad enough to be good, but I really liked this clown. But as you can see from these pictures, these poor bags are not long for this world, as the plastic is so old it has dried out and is disintegrating into tiny pieces. Kind of a sweet metaphor for fading recollections of childhood, all the super -girly-sparkle-sleep-over-pink party-penney-candy memories scattering, swirling behind us in the winds of time, like so many bits of plastic loot-bag.
Quite a bit of space junk has rained from the sky this year. In September, for example, NASA's defunct Upper Atmosphere Research Satellite (UARS) — a 6.5-ton craft that monitored climate from 1991 until 2005, plunged into the atmosphere over the Pacific Ocean. Just a month later, Germany's 2.7-ton Roentgen Satellite (ROSAT) fell to Earth over the Indian Ocean. Nobody on the ground was injured by either satellite crash.
Steven Gerrard
A: Recently there aren’t that many fans (laughs). Just kidding. In the early stages of our debut, it really bothered me. No matter what, it was not my dream, and I was doing a job I could not even have imagined. “Ah, this is not a job that I want, so why am I here and getting all stressed out?” I blamed myself a lot. But now I really enjoy it.
For most authors, speaking begins with book signings and appearances. Maybe you give a talk at the library. Perhaps you discuss your book with a book club. If you're lucky, a couple of these venues might even give you a token cash gift for appearing. For the most part though, you are doing it for free.
1153. Shaved Pork w/ Sides from Woodlands Pig Pickin’ & BBQ Parlor (Blowing Rock, NC) @ My Hotel – 8:48 p.m.
135×3
1,2,3,4… 1,2– that’s the song of the Count
Yesterday I traveled to Nuneaton for dayjob purposes. I got to stay in a hotel that was really a motel that was actually the original Crossroads Motel (this won't sense if you live outside the UK or are less than thirty years old).
Pete Einchcombe and his brother Dave on bass guitar and drums respectively (not sure about the spelling of the surname)
Thanks to my honey for making that kicking fire! Don't you just want to come over and smoke a pipe? Wait, that didn't come out right. Anyway. You can catch a glimpse of the Den through the double-sided fireplace...and also through the random opening to the right of it.
AKA....Alone time. AKA.....Me time.
Every month they publish the recipe in the bulletin the week prior. I have an ancient copy in my recipe box. Meals are delivered to the parish center by 9:30 in the morning and then a group of volunteers transport the food to the facility and serve.
The opening act was Wanda Jackson who I'm embarrassed to say I knew nothing of. The woman seated next to me told me that she's a legend; the first woman to make it big in rock music; rockabilly specifically. I did not know that. She was entertaining I suppose but her music didn't do much for either of us.
I've knew something was wrong, mother's intuition we'll call it. Therefore I made an appointment with the vet and off we went for a little check-up. The whole way there I talked to her, telling what would happen and how the doctor had just the right stuff to make her feel better. She seemed to listen, content with the knowledge that relief awaited.
As part of the Body of Christ, and as a community of believers, we will be observing Lent over the next few weeks to prepare our hearts for Good Friday and Resurrection Sunday. The daily readings that start tomorrow are suggested scripture verses to read alone or together as a family for devotional study.
Him: I am still open to the possibility of meeting Mrs. Right. I’m dating others in the meantime.
It was originally a Protestant organisation, with the founding members being predominantly Presbyterians.
Dance/NYC’s mission is to strengthen the professional dance field in New York City. They help to foster a society that appreciates the art of dance and supports the creative process. In 2007, former Dance/NYC Executive Director Michelle Burkhart created the Junior Committee (JComm) to advocate specifically for young professionals in dance and to serve as a liaison between the organization and its younger constituents. JComm is a diverse sample of the field’s guerillas and our partnership with Dance/NYC brings us in from the fringes and allows us to effect an institution. Our relationship is mutually beneficial and we work together to serve the dance community.
The MCA president noted that he had already discussed the matter with Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak and the latter had given an assurance that he would not take heed of Ibrahim’s demands.
After a full week of battle on work, studies, and value101, I chose to attend the Sunday Service. And the songs and words struck my heart. Boom! (I’m sounding like the church people here! Hahaha!)
Am I to believe that I'm so Insignificant
So when seeking an astrologer, or seeking to “fix” yourself, make sure your not just pushing another crutch under your arm to hold yourself up with or to make excuses “Wo is Me” because that my friends is a pile of RUBBISH.
C - Chow Chow Sambar
first trip to the grocery strore yesterday with my handy-dandy
Chef said the cooking was at another level.Definitely 'exceptional cuisine,worth a special journey'
The pre-op on Thursday made it all feel real. Pulling up on the car park of the Priory, Birmingham my stomach collapsed inwardly, my legs turned to Bambi and my heart banged against my chest, attempting to escape.
The TV debates added to the national gaiety, but made no discernible difference to the result.
If I can manage this,I might adopt it as a strategy for writing -a novel in a month and then eleven months off!
I grew up on Cricklewood Rd, in the heart of the hills. Nurtured by my mum's frugal creativity and my dad's passionate ambition, I learned to make very much of very little. My crafty creations still seem to emerge from just gathering up whatever is on hand. And so my skills and interests are many and varied.
administration would
It is impossible to connect the dots from scientific facts brought about by materialisticly based thinking to moral values, and of the utmost importance to realize this. The material world, as interpreted by randomly involved intelligence, can only produce facts. Facts are not moral. They tell us nothing of oughts. To make the leap from 2+2=4, to thou shalt not murder, is a leap ex nihilo. Facts, the discovery of which is the ultimate goal of real science, (real science as opposed to the a priori pseudo science that is so common today) do not and can not produce moral values. No matter how complicated or sophisticated our science becomes, or how arrogant it makes us, or how much it can increase our faith in death being the end, a wall exists and will ever remain between cold facts discovered and moral codes that dictate how we ought to behave. The Ultimate and cruel reality then is that if there is no God; and even if there is a God and we can't know him, any "oughts" asserted by anyone are oughts ex nihilo.
Oh, if you just so happen to have a large scan of this image, please send it my way…
minimum of 6” (streamliners excluded). Riders may be asked to
The inquisition it sparked.
1405 ***D-XII/7(B)/2001. “King Lear and the Use and Abuse of Disguises.” First Friday Lecture Series, The University of Chicago, The Cultural Center, Chicago Public Library, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Part B-4.)
* Have you ever met Wilderness Guy? I have. Known him for years. Didn't really realize the extent of his load-the-gun-and-bow ways. Wilderness Guy is showing an increasing interest. Have I mentioned I'm not Wilderness Girl? Yeah. I like my food de-feathered, you know? And he likes fish. I hate fish. Fish + me = copious amounts of embarrassing badness.
It was an absolutely wonderful time. The owners and lead performers were elated that they managed to pack the house even playing opposite Suzanne Vega (I would guess that having six High School students in the troupe and therefore drawing in parents and uncles and aunts and grammas and grampas may have had something to do with that, heh heh, although objectively speaking it was in fact a great time). The overly talkative people at the table behind me (why would you come to a live music performance and then TALK NONSTOP, LOUDLY SO AS TO BE ABLE TO HEAR EACH OTHER OVER THE MUSIC for half of the second set?) even partially redeemed themselves by asking me on their way out if the bass player was my son, because they’d thought I looked like him.
Why now? Why not?
Since that day, September 11th, 2001 I have not been allowed to accompany my husband to the airport gates the three times he’s been deployed to Iraq nor the two other times to Korea. We have learned to talk in code to relay information through emails and timed phone calls. I’ve learned how to fill out a customs form and can now do so with my eyes shut. I’ve become the most organized sender, stuffing nearly 50 pounds of “home” into a shoe box. I’ve used the word terrorist on a daily basis. I’ve laid flowers on a 19 year old soldier’s grave stone. I’ve had my car searched each night I went home. I’ve purchased 9 million yards of yellow ribbon. I’ve not talked to, seen, touched, or heard from my husband for two months straight. I’ve collapsed after hearing the stories my husband has shared. I’ve cried each and every time I’ve seen pictures, heard news reports, and remembered this day what seems like so long ago.
In 1959, the current Dalai Lama fled to India amid riots against the Chinese military occupation of Tibet; he remains in exile today. During the Cultural Revolution (1966-77), the remaining monks were expelled and the abandoned palace was looted and damaged by Chinese soldiers.
So there you have it! That sounds a LOT like my life has been over the past year. Every single one of those things I have felt at some point in time or simultaneously with others. And hearing that sermon as we prepare for your birthday and the birth of your little sister was perfect timing.
Because I am oblivious to the obvious – I only found out it was Friday the 13th AFTER I was laying flat on my back on a table next to what looks like a big battery with jumper cables and a mini stun gun hanging off. Imagine the look on my face when Tech Girl, a nice enough woman who is educated, well put together, but beyond frazzled, says to me, “So how’s your Friday the 13th going?” I said we’d see when she was done with me. I tried to laugh in a small talk kinda way, because when the woman with electricity has the zapper in hand, you laugh at what THEY think is funny.
I got in, probably between 9 and 10–it wasn’t very crowded. I easily found TripleF at a booth against the wall and I joined her after ordering my drink–and a second for TripleF. The bartender working wasn’t very attractive, but other than that, I really didn’t pay attention to anyone else there. I was still drunk, and felt pretty good.
I’ve heard her speak. She’s fabulous-—witty, relaxed, appropriately demanding, and always ready with facts to support her statements. She’s practically a one-woman crusade for Sexual Intelligence. We’re fortunate she’s on our side.
Welcome back! Today I've got a project I've had finished for about a week, but with all of this Necron business going on I haven't had a chance to post about. You may remember my Caminus-Priest project and the voting that went along with it. As for the voting, you people wanted legs, so legs you shall have! As for the conversion, I needed two more of these guys to reach the minimum model count for the unit and decided to wrangle some different poses. More pics after the break.
-23.521497, 133.67752
Woe to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You are like whitewashed tombs, which look beautiful on the outside but on the inside are full of dead men’s bones and everything unclean.
I got an e-mail a couple of days ago stating that my blog had been noticed, with the following comment:
From the support of my educators, titles by my name, awards I’ve received and praise that I’ve heard: I thought I was successful. I thought I was happy. I thought I was a positive person. I thought I loved myself. I thought that I loved my life.
Now, I don’t imagine Lupin to be a very well know character unless one has read the books or seen the Japanese animated series Lupin the 3rd (featuring Lupin’s grandson who is also a thief) but I doubt it anyone knows who Jonathan Sparks is. If Lupin is the criminal answer to Holmes, Sparks is the criminal answer to Lupin but in British form – and he’s also a character I’ve created. Though I don’t yet know in what historical time I will set his adventures (or if indeed it will all be realistic – perhaps it will have some magical or Steampunk elements to it) the prologue and first chapter of the story are available for your perusal.
I mostly use Google+ as a platform for my online classes at UC. I won't bore you with specifics, but it's a wonderful educational tool. Students love it. I tried making Google+ my primary social networking site, but not enough people joined to make it work. My friends are still on Facebook. Celebrities still use Twitter. Trust me, my dream is for Facebook to go away and Google+ to take over the world, but it ain't happening anytime soon.
Every time I set out to cook something (usually for two or four people) it ends up making enough to feed the whole street.
Because of the box break I did recently, I didn't really send out any autograph requests or make any purchases to showcase on this Mailday Monday. Instead, I'll show off one of my Cubs sub-collections.
parmesan (if you happen to have a real, nice, fresh, hard cheese in your fridge, use that. If you do not, whip out the franken-"Farmer John")
1 Tbsp. whiskey or brandy
Are closing in asthma, or tumour, or fits,
Made up in Quantum Soup of Super Strings
Sarawak Report has obtained copies of a highly intimidating email that has been sent out by an official from Malaysia’s Education Department in Washington to all Malaysian students receiving grants in the United States.
We appreciate your letter, but we are terribly sorry that ___ could not have the book for her eighth birthday. The new printing will be available for her ninth one though, and we are making a note now to be sure that you receive a complimentary copy. As a children's book editor, I was touched by your not wanting ___ to know only the Saggy, Baggy Elephant and I was therefore all the more upset by your very reasonable complaint against Mrs. Wilder's book.
Perhaps there will be more outside support to help them overthrow the Islamic regime.
With a Polish Cafe, no less
13 men went mad? All of them died by crucifixion or by stoning or by sword or by spear or arrows, except John who had a natural death in old age but he suffered through long exile in island Patmos.
At some point I think Jen started to become really worried because of the random emails and texts that I had mentioned earlier. They had ended with her asking me, if she waited up until Matt got home, could she come over tonight, and why would it be ok for her to come over tonight but not tomorrow. My replies to these were either nothing, or simply Goodbye. Finally she called back and asked if she could come over when Matt got home (talking to Toast). I said, she doesnt need to come over, she doesnt need to do anything. They asked, but would I let her come over, to which I replied, whatever. Toast told her yes, and I guessed that she would be showing up sometime. I started to think I didnt know what good it was going to do though, it had been too long, other than serving as a way to stop me from cutting myself and overdosing. She got here sometime shortly after 1am.
State of the Race
Receiving this award is a true honor. I’m proud to accept it on behalf of the intense—yet rewarding—work that my business partner Steve Wagner and I have put in over the past 15 years to help unite people who have exquisite taste with craft beers that have the same.
She brushed by me without saying hello after looking me in the eye.
“There’s nothing out there, business plan wise, that’s going to get you in front of a realtor,” he adds. “If you don’t go out and meet realtors, if you don’t go network, no business plan under the sun is going to be able to do that for you.”
But other than this, I can assure you that being born with such a skin type and not being able to wear this, is not as hard as it seems to be. It's just that thing that others should understand that this is not doable (as much as we all want it to be). Having said this, I will surely update my personal view on pastel colours with the above promised someday-outfit and will possibly be either able to demonstrate how to wear some elements of pastels in a fair way... or to show the world that it's simply impossible for some people to follow this trend. We'll see.
NATIVE UNITY - A place for Native American Peoples to solidify their tribes to make a positive impact on the cultural, social, economic and political fabric of American society and a place for non-Natives to better understand the ways of the American Indian.
DOODOO CHICKEN!
So many of the ancient philosophers lived by the creed, “It’s all relative.” Socrates, Plato, Aristides, you name the philosopher and he was certain to perpetuate it in some way. Such a philosophy has found its way into the Holy Scriptures, coming out of the mouths of characters like Pontius Pilate. The Lord declares Himself to be objective truth, only to have Pilate respond subjectively, “What is truth?” In other words, “It’s all relative”, or, “What is true for you may not necessarily be true for others.” Okay…
On thing I have realised is that at times I have found the whole craft beer movement/revoultion in the UK to get a tad arrogant. This can be towards anything mainstream or traditional in the industry. Beer geeks who take this stance generally come across as beer snobs whose attitude ends up deterring people from trying new beers.
I did a post-party email investigation the next day, where I found out it was Chuck who brought ‘em. Apparently, one of the Muslim guys had a friend killed in a terrorist attack, so Chuck was trying to bring him to the party to do something nice for him, and it backfired really bad. I told Chuck not to bring them (or anybody else) again.
Flipping through the Camo book I see the Scharnhorst had a nice camo scheme. I want to do that, but that would be diving in the deep where the sharks with lasers dwell. So I decided to paint the “simpler” Gneisenau Scharnhorst battlecruiser (say that out loud, and it´s funnier)
Here's a little beauty from harpist Robt. Maxwell, best known for his version of Solfeggio, AKA the Nairobi Trio Theme.
“Who is…was…your psychic?”
TPTRL Blog (tptrlblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
My mom and I used to make it each Thanksgiving, it wouldn't be Thanksgiving without it. But while her version is amazing. AMAZING... it takes a long time to make. There are many ingredients. Ingredients that need chopping.
FIFTH COURSE
He ran quickly out to the middle of the yard and jumped up on a large, landscaping rock.
I implore you
–Cassandra
It felt as if someone was digging a blunt knife into my legs and ripping all the way up every time I tried walking. They hurt lying down. They hurt standing up. Dad did hot and cold compresses and they both hurt like a bastard too. I distinctly remember one day where no one was home and I shamelessly leopard crawled to the loo from my bedroom because of the pain. Eventually, they left but it meant that the first three months of my last year of high school was spent sick. It took some time to get back on track.
No Tony and I did not join some S&M club… The girls I work with and I decided to try something new for a workout. We were intrigued, confused, scared and excited as we kept hearing about this Pilates type of workout. Well we finally got our schedules in check and made our appointment at BTone Fitness. Making a 6:30 class took more planning than it looks since each class only has 11 people.
Here’s why, in overly simplified terms (in other words, the way I have to think about it). If you and I are sitting by the campfire and a saber-toothed tiger comes over the hill and I sit there and calculate how fast it’s moving, how fast I can run, whether the fire will deter it, etc., and you run right away without thinking (fueled by a burst of adrenalin), then guess who gets eaten and whose ancestors are not sitting here writing a blog? At certain times, the higher brain just gets in the way.
- For a long time, critics questioned the accuracy of Daniel 5, which mentions a Babylonian King named Belshazzar. Archaeological records show that Nabonidus was king at the time, and do not mention Belshazzar. Yet, in 1956, three stone slabs were found. These slabs showed that while Nabonidus went off to war to fight the Persians, he entrusted the kingdom to his son, Belshazzar.
ROMNEY: I’m happy on any occasion to describe the things that I believe with regards to the Speaker’s background. We’ll probably get a chance to do that as time goes on.
Anyone who knows me well knows that my music tastes are and have always been all over the spectrum. From Pantera to Tori Amos, from Snoop Dogg to NOFX, from Depeche Mode to Eric Clapton, from 311 to Eminem to Beethoven to Bauhaus to John Lennon....I'm sure you get the point. I'll listen to almost anything. Almost anything - Audioslave makes my ears bleed.
With the outstanding performances of the first six finalists of the event, they all made the Jmarians and visitors be excited and couldn’t wait to witness the next six participants to complete the competition.
This week our theme is chosen by the lovely Debbie and it is...
-Cook 1 lb. sausage in skillet until cooked through.
Dear Baby,
Some were trying to 'make nice' by fixing (repairing) replanting? the damaged flowers and shrubs. Perhaps by cleaning away the evidence, the dead and crushed flowers and shrubs, they hoped to conjure a "no harm, no foul" kind of deal...
But I did it anyways…
4.What is your favorite childhood memory?
Have a fabulous Friday!
He has made Judges dependent on his Will alone for the tenure of their offices, and the amount and payment of their salaries.
Stephen Dorf, 39, New Milford, N.J.
“I’m Filipino.”
Accepted by OSHA. OSHA 10-hour, 30-hour Outreach Training Courses online! Course Provider is 360training.com. Upon completion of the 10-hour & 30-hour course, you will receive a completion card from the Department of Labor within 4-8 weeks.
To cook a very simple, tasty version of turkey balls, I prepared fresh ground turkey with ingredients as if I was preparing a meatloaf. Everyone has their own version of meatloaf, but I find using Panko Bread Crumbs to be an ingredient that gives a meat or turkey mixture some body so the compacted meat does not become too dense. By baking the seasoned ground turkey balls, one saves some calories by avoiding a frying process for cooking.
Fort Irwin, you know the kind of heat in July and August, so it's time we think a bit realistic...the Fall! I suspect a lot of you are thinking about Fall sessions for Christmas cards, holiday cards, etc. SO HERE IS THE DEAL...
Edited to add: If you're wondering about using this soap in your front-loading high-efficiency washing machine, You can find some info here to help make your decision.
the rich/people who have done well
We were taking a quilt top to the quilters to be quilted. While we were there she showed grandma this cool new machine called a serger and how it can finish a blankie super fast!!!! So that gave grandma an idea...
$160/nt or $640 (5 for 4) for Sun-Fri
The Bulldogs also must force turnovers. Appalachian State did not turn the ball over against The Citadel. Just one turnover may have made the difference in that game, and the matchup with Elon will be no different. Bulldog defenders are going to have to make plays on the ball.
You bring the shirt home, your daughter wears it once and you wash it. It comes out of the washer and has mysterious blue stains on it. Said blue stains did not get on any other clothes
Now because it is almost the holidays I decided to see what was going on in fragrances for Christmas.
Her home was part of a "Christmas tour" a few years back,
down here standing in their grassy, mossy,
Just as I got home, my cell phone rang and it was the doctor. That’s never a good thing. She called to tell us that they were going to take some blood from him and look for infection and viruses to make sure that isn’t what is causing the increase in spells. She said because of the one I saw and it being a pretty big one, she wanted to act on it now to rule things out. When we called at around midnight, the bloodwork had been completed and he didn’t have any indication of an infection or virus, so that was a good thing.
We hope you’ll come back to this blog again and again as your trusted resource and come away with worthwhile information, answers to your questions, a smile on your face–or even all three.
Here is the final product with these super fun clear stamps. There is a little bit of ribbon, a few pearls but mostly it is clean and simple to show you how by inking up your embossing folder you can add very effective dimension to your card and create your own designer paper.
I dated. I wasn’t a prude.
This is a woeful and malignant grief,
Just say venis!
Grow Rate
I have been an unschooler all of my life.
I think some of the designers on the show have a lot of talent and do make really cool stuff, although some of the designs are over my head (haha). Some of the designers on the other hand I don’t think are very good, but I guess everyone has their own taste, right?
With reflection, I'm pretty sure that I was thankful on many of the times I said "thank you," but also sure that I said it more often as a reflex than as a genuine sign of appreciation. Even today, I probably say "please" and "thank you" more than any adult I know. That's not a bad thing, obviously, as it really is a small kindness that is easy to give and can have great impact. But I do sometimes wonder if a life so liberally sprinkled with "thank yous" is really a life of gratitude, or simply a trained response to conditioning.
Little Miss 6 thought it was wonderful, which was all that mattered, so I considered it a success anyway. She was very pleased to have 6 candles to blow out (one black, sparkly candle on each of the whiskers). The White Velvet Cake was very yummy!
It wasn't so funny a couple weekends later when my youngest son fell off the slide and fractured his skull. That Monday's lecture, closed head injuries.
We get out our instruments, start jamming, planning. It feels good. Damn good. We’re ready for the performance.
December 22 - William Duell, actor ("One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest"), 88
Have A Wonderful Mother's Day!
Yes, this will be one of Bevy's infamous Two-Parters. As we all are, I'm in the midst of preparations for tomorrow's big feast. But I am excited to be able to share those moments, those obviously Holy (and not it so obvious) moments with you. So later this weekend, I hope to give you an inspiring read.
longing
Yahweh has again become Active in Her own fiery anger:
He leans in again, and I’m thinking “ok, what doozie is he going to come up with now?” and He says…
He is the god of happiness, laughter and the wisdom of contentment, and is the patron of the weak and children, fortunetellers and bartenders. Hotei is distinguished by his body of generous proportions and round stomach exposed beneath loose robes. His big belly is a symbol of happiness, luck and generosity. On his back he carrys a huge linen bag containing precious things and gifts of good fortune, including children. He also holds an uchiwa, a flat fan of Chinese orgin used by ancient chieftains as an emblem of authority and wish granting. He may sit in an old cart drawn by boys, as the Wagon Priest, and can be compared with the Buddhistic Mi-lo-Fo.
I'd had very minor spotting at the beginning of the pregnancy, but around 15 or 16 weeks it picked up, and there was bleeding to some degree nearly every day. I learned later that bleeding like that can be a very typical symptom of cervical changes. I also learned later that the fern test isn't accurate when accompanied by blood and the blood can obscure the amniotic fluid, giving a false negative.
Kristian Hewitt is not usually an advocate of refereeing decisions, but on this occasion he was willing to make an exception. “That is just dumb,” he said, shaking his head in reaction to his younger brother's yellow card. Having conceded a free-kick on the half-way line I attempted to prevent any initiative Durley hoped to gain from a quickly taken set piece by gently kicking the ball away towards our goal. Dan Allen had other ideas. At only seventeen he is still a little wet behind the ears. He got in my way, giving the ball straight back to Durley. “That's your fault, Dan!” shouted manager, Paul Dyke, in reference to Sam's booking. His voice, loud as a klaxon, managed to convey a sense of injustice at all times. Dan's naivety drew Sam Hewitt into the evasive action. Although his intention was no different from mine, his execution was weighty, sending the ball too far away and therefore rendering his strategy to slow things down obvious to all and sundry. That my greatest assets were acts of cynicism and gamesmanship said all that was needed about my contribution to the team. Unlike Dan Allen I have had plenty of practice to hone my craft.
I am not suggesting that we go back to good old days wherein we used no technology. I understand most schools now use smart boards (A’s schools so far have!) but even the mere thought of doing away of teachers??!! I know it is an ad but it just hit a nerve! We are becoming so mechanical, technology dependent that sometimes I guess we forget about relationships, people. We start taking that for granted. Yes, I have got friends thanks to this medium but would I be friends with a bot?! No way! So why would I subject my kid to a no teacher classroom or why would anyone think of doing that?
Just say no. Seriously.
It’s actually harder to explain than it is to execute. Now, how do I apply this to my games? There are two ways normally used in solo gaming. One is giving both sides to the “AI,” in this case using the aforementioned system for both forces. The other one is letting one side act randomly while the other is played normally. For this game I prefer to have one side under my complete control. I do however roll to see which force I will be “using” before play.
Chances are if you have kids you won't be out celebrating on Bourbon Street, but that doesn't mean you can't still enjoy the party! Make this easy King Cake from Relish, let the kids make party masks and watch The Princess and the Frog for a little Bayou fun!
Lee is driven to push the Mustangs and his players to success. He admits that because of the large quantity of games throughout a season, baseball is a game of failure in his eyes.
COPPER LINED VESSELS - 'Most of these vessels are all right, but there is one large vessel made into two by division in centre. At times I understand this division bulges with the pressure, when the copper lining cracks and the one vessel leaks into the other. This is highly dangerous, and the worts and yeast are bound to be infected and some strengthening arrangement ought to be fitted, such as a strong iron bar right through centre of vessels and connected outside by means of plates, and all cracks soldered up.'
And yet, to end the day, a day of reflection and honor, joy in beauty, we stopped in at a cute little, brand new Mexican restaurant called Mi Casa in Benson. The food was fabulous and I highly recommend it; I will certainly be stopping there anytime I go that direction, whether for future trips to Bisbee, or on the upcoming trip down to the Chirachua National Monument.
Every now and then I encounter a blog that I adore. And when I say adore I mean silently trawling, clicking feverishly, religiously scanning, whittling away the hours…. spending my last few weeks at the firm looking for creatives in the vast web of….
‘What about monsters?’
(I hate to fly.)
I Could sleep par for the course.
a) Any champagne that crosses my threshhold normally has a 60-minute lifespan; its death being bought about by consumption; not lack thereof.
I left that office and I never returned.
Hunger and poverty
–you like rails
Help! What does a 64-year old woman who has always worn jeans do nowadays? Don't worry. I'm not about to even try on a pair of skinny jeans. My first thought was to go to the men's section and buy some new jeans there, but even men's jeans are getting tighter by the day. Give me a break.
This meant, of course, further clearance of assorted stuff, stuff which had been there since my mother
open your heart and let romance begin
I would end the other relationship. I knew I was missing a love affair with my Heavenly Father and I was trying to meet those needs through a person.
Here’s the blurb.
Even Bhakthi Yoga comes in many regional flavours - and we too were happy to yell along with the Kavad Log, and experience Siva as a simple, pure-hearted and fun loving mountain dweller, who would instantly drink even the worst poison (halahalam) to save others. And in the simultaneously simple, austere, fun-loving and pure devotion of the kavad log, you could see the reflection of the simple, austere, fun-loving and pure Siva himself.
we've learned so much this year and it's very satisfying to use our own honey in our morning tea and to take a jar as a hostess gift when we go for a visit. we've decided to have five bee families next year, now that we've learned the ropes, so we should have even more honey next year. maybe even enough to be able to sell some.
What does this mean? Is there no world without Torah, without “Service of G-D”, and without merciful benevolence?
You can't just build a network overnight, and trying to do so will just turn a lot of people off to you. Don't try to be so uber professional that you seem stiff and not like a normal person (unless that's "your thing," which is cool I guess but I probably just won't follow you). And don't try to get others to promote you by just asking everyone individually to promote you. What have you ever done for them? And why should they? Or you could be one of those people who just goes around following others so they'll follow you back (and then unfollowing them later so it looks like you have waaaay more followers than people who you follow. That makes you cool, dontcha know?) That's not only dumb, but it's also rude and it defeats the whole purpose of social networking, which I will go over below.
Can I just say how glad I am that they actually paid the gratuity? I was afraid they would totally refuse... which, considering that I spilled a bunch of drinks on the guest of honor, wouldn't have been out of line. I would have been pissed, but I would have understood. They would have had a legitimate reason. But they paid it. So, thank you. But you know what? You were late for your reservation, had 10 additional people show up, were extremely rude and demanding, and treated me like less than human.
There follow some fascinating glimpses of life in the NHS:
Heeley Cardinal
Elizabeth Pantley recommends all those methods, but she doesn’t specifically address what to do if your child is having a positive emotional reaction when you WANT a negative one!
Last up, has no-one in the military watched “Con Air”. As fans of that minor late night film icon, starring Nicholas Cage and John Malkovich, may remember, a key element of the plot was a US Air Marshall who brought a hand gun onto a plane full of convicts, in opposition to official guidelines, in order to protect himself and keep the cons in order.
Which rings across the sapphire sky
So, tonight I am reading Secondborn a story. Firstborn comes to stand in the doorway and says, "Did you get what I sent you?"
We had made our way to the third floor, the floor which held the pre-Columbian exhibit. Numerous painted urns, jugs and a slew of hand carved statues was all it consisted of.
Lonely. Not having Him here kills sometimes. There is nothing I would love more than to be able to come home from a hard day at school and just curl up in His arms. I always feel so warm and protected and cared for when I’m with Him. I know this is how things have to be right now because of life situations, but I cannot wait for the day where I can come home to Him everyday. That is what gives me my drive to keep pushing on. I know I cannot let Him down or have Him disappointed in me. I love Him so much that it scares me. But I wouldn’t have it any other way.
It was during the height of his meteoric rise as a star, when Hongo was chosen for the part of Keisuke Hirata in GAMERA VS. BARUGON (1966). Much like the American Studio System, the actors were contracted to the studios as employees, and as employees, the producers and directors assigned them to their jobs. The actors could not turn down the parts, whether they liked them or not. Being produced as an A-Picture, Nagata wanted Hongo to star in the film, much to his consternation. “I was sort of taken aback that someone thought that I was suited to star in a monster movie. When the part was announced, I guess that the other actors had scurried away, and that left me holding the bag. At first, I really thought that they were crazy to choose me for this project.”
As you can see on my websites / videos / work — I have no advertisements, no sponsors, and I am not selling anything related to the topics I cover.
