Jim Craig Celtic Supporter’s Club (formerly Belfast Shamrock CSC). The club was renamed in 2011 (formally Belfast Shamrock CSC) after our honorary president Jim Craig who takes an active role within the club, contributing regularly to our website and blog with stories and photos from his Celtic archives. (www.jimcraigcsc.com). Belfast Shamrock was formed by a group of friends in Belfast around 2000, many of whom had been members of Queen’s University of Belfast CSC during their student days and who after graduating decided to set up their own club. Although most members subsequently moved away from Belfast in search of work, women – and a result of the odd deportation order, they stayed in touch via our club’s email list and continued to travel to games home and away.
Sunshine obesity!
The Upsetters - Set Up Yourself
“Not if you were the last man on Earth!”
LN
And last of all.... my enchanting handsom Husband before a job interview...
Back when these murders happened, we remember people couldn't wrap their minds around someone so evil, who would do something so random? Who could comprehend such a monster? People believed psychopaths were exceedingly rare and more inclined to do grisly serial murders.
-Childhood ailments reduced: eye, ear, nose, throat
Are there any gripes? Sort of. Whedon, for a dude, does extremely well at making his female characters not only competent, but also human. In anyone else’s hands (read: Jon Favreau in Iron Man 2) Black Widow would have been a deadly sexpot with nothing to say other than “I’m flexible”. Instead, she is offered pathos, wit, intelligence, conniving strategy…as well as an incredible body. Goddamn. Even Maria Hill, played bootily by Robin Sherbotsky, I mean, Cobie Smulders, classically the Shrew of Marvel’s ‘Taming of the’ saga, is actually capable of doing things. Even so, this movie woefully fails the Bechdel Test. To those of you not in the know, you sexist pigs, the Bechdel Test is a metric to measure female presence within film plot lines. For a movie to pass the test they must achieve a very simple task: have a scene, however long, between two named female characters that does not pertain to male characters. Think about that. Unless it’s a Chick Flick, try to figure out the last time you watched a movie that passed the test. It doesn’t mean the movie is bad, per se, you just can’t exactly tout it as the bastion of gender relations.
On the face of it, Twitter isn’t naturally set up for networking. Chat with more than two or three people at once and there’s barely any room in a tweet to 'speak', because you need to begin with their ‘@’ usernames. Certain corners of Twitter can also admittedly be quite cliquey, and it can feel intimidating to strike up a conversation with someone new in public (public, that is, provided people are following you both). Yet somehow, while sailing on Twitter’s hivemind soup, it’s surprisingly easy to get to know new people. It just happens. Sometimes you follow them and they follow you back, naturally prompting a brief chat/hello, which can lead to banter. Sometimes they’ll follow you first. Sometimes a stranger will see a retweeted tweet of yours. Sometimes you’ll join a conversation which includes strangers who become friends.
At the bald, they set up their picnic blanket and had snacks of nuts and beef jerky and apples, drank some water, and soaked in the views. They wandered around the bald, looking at the azalea buds that will open next spring, and the moss covered brush. They climbed a few rocks and took some photos and lay in the grass and soaked up the sun. Other hikers came and went. Finally, they decided to head back up to the tower on the dome.
Whistling wind blows petals
It will be awhile before I will be able to finish this scrappy quilt. I have taxes to do, places to go, people to meet.
Ever since seeing the place, I've been daydreaming of how I will decorate and make it mine. I've decided on a color scheme of mint and navy, so soothing and so fresh! Below is a preliminary sketch of how I envision the room laying out, we'll see what parameters I have to work with when I actually start measuring stuff...I've also included a few inspirational images that led to using these two lovely colors.
Knowing the difference between cover and concealment when under attack is of vital importance to your survival. Cover is anything that provides varying degrees of protection from gunfire. Examples are brick walls, concrete walls, engine compartments of vehicles, logs, thick tree trunks, trenches, rock formations, a freezer full of frozen food items, hillsides, metal dumpsters, sandbags at least 12 inches thick, 55 gallon drums filled with sand, steel doors, concrete parking barriers and telephone poles. If it can stop a bullet it is considered cover.
Here is the CFSAC info:
Luke: Oh, and a box of Lemonades, too. 3PO loves those things.
Eli Lilly filed a first application describing a new class of chemical compounds having antiviral utility, including the compound named gemcitabine. Thereafter, Lilly filed a continuation-in-part application disclosing but not claiming the anticancer utility of gemcitabine, and on the same day Lilly filed a separate application (ultimately issuing as the '826 patent) having a different inventive entity, describing and claiming the use of gemcitabine to treat cancer.
I wish would never end
Are there many or few prospects for a licence ?
With your permission I would like to kick at the walls of your box for a minute because I want to change your paradigm. I want to change it by getting you to consider who you are in Christ and the Father. Because in the end that is really all that matters. When you become a Blood-bought believer of Jesus Christ that changes who you are? How about meditating on this for a while; “I am the manifestation of the Spoken Word of God.” “I am eternal!” “I am the temple of the Holy Spirit.” How powerful does that make you? How humbled are you with that revelation? For those of you who are born-again believer (and I’ve probably lost everyone else by now) these statements are true of YOU. Whether you understand and accept them or not is another issue, they are true.
Strangely enough, according to numerous public opinion polls, hundreds of millions of Muslims all over the world support the “legalistic formulae” that form the body of what they understand to be shari’ah. But we’ll let that pass, and take a deeper look at the place of hudud in Islamic law. In the process we may gain a clearer idea of why Mr. Ramadan feels it necessary to distance himself from the “legalistic formulae” of shari’ah and argue about hudud instead.
The following e-mail has winged d.atkin-wards:
Eating myself into oblivion seemed to make sense for a while.
Intel is also developing another mobile chip, code-named Clover Trail, which is designed for tablets and is scheduled to arrive this year. The chip features a 1.8 GHz processor, according to a slide shown during Maloney’s speech.
3. It is accepted by all both below and at the CFI that the average consumer in this case is a highly attentive professional person. Such a person would perceive the sign as a possible shape of the goods even if it is not the conventional shape. (The nacelle was apparently designed by Sir Norman Foster but that per se was not considered persuasive, nor the other testimonies of distinctiveness). The mere departure from a standard shape does not lead to the conclusion that the average consumer who is reasonably observant etc would perceive the sign/shape as being capable, without having to undertake detailed analysis, of distinguishing this product from products of other undertakings.
RON: Focused on writing a good western, with an economy of words and allowed the supernatural elements to blend in organically.
"Unlike myself, Brian wasn't exactly a volunteer, but he takes his responsibility seriously; he's overcome the doubts of his past and a tendency for impetuous action to become the UK's premier hero."
I wonder how much new content they’ll add to this, and whether I should get it (not getting both version if I do). I’m a bit disappointed that it’s a DS game, not 3DS game though, ’cause I wanna see the Pokemon in 3D.
every Christmas.
Harold ran off and began slicking his hair down, tightening the belt, and generally huffing and puffing. Certain as all guys he’d get the girl, treat her well, and he could then go back to whatever his vocation was while she sat at home, ate bon bons, cursed her fate, and planned where to stand when she whacked him over the head as he came in the door.
He was only nineteen years old and yet, he had already made an indelible mark on the world. Last Friday evening, we lost Dane. His death has paralyzed our community. He was a 2011 graduate of Cape Fear High School in Fayetteville, NC. He was a freshman at East Carolina University this year and he planned to major in biology.
Both of these dressers literally went in the van, and straight to the booth, with only a loving coat of orange oil applied to freshen them up.
I am so happy that I was one of the few reviewers that was asked to participate in this giveaway! As most of you know I am a ft freelance graphic designers that also has a shop on Etsy and captain's the graphic design team there. So I am always creating, installing, coding, etc. for all the latest sites.
Caprica Six: “And that’s it? That’s all God wants of us?”
Grace was only 4 1/2 months old her first Christmas and with the exhaustion of being a first time mom, I honestly didn’t give putting up a tree a thought that year. I don’t even think I put out my snowmen, and didn’t really even think about it. The same went for her second Christmas… I just helped mom as usual put up her tree, and had fun doing it, but didn’t really miss it at my own home, for the mere fact that Grace was into everything. It was no big deal. Then, Grace turned 2 and things changed.
Looks like I'll have a hot date with the mac-lab this weekend.
Do you consider yourself one?
The white pins are all of the places I've been in the US. The blue pins are all of the places I've been overseas. The red pins are all of the places I've lived and the single yellow pin is for where I'm going next...which currently is Madrid!
Funny how such a small change can balance out a whole display. I'm always moving things around on there so a few other things changed too...I feel like my before and after should be in a Highlights magazine. Does anyone else remember those, with the "spot five things that are different" photo games?
Needless to say, this story is terrifying, and an amazing tale of intense courage and unimaginable faith. And it is a crazy read, mainly because Ming videotaped most of his interrogations of Mary and the transcripts are included. The part when Mary is like, "Wait, you were in my algebra class 15 years ago?" is pretty surreal. Also, lots of Ming's SUPER WEIRD x-rated fan fiction is included. He had a thing for white underwear and TV moms.
A decent life for kids everywhere, where they have hope for the future and can dream about what they want to be when they grow up, knowing that anything is possible.
from beyond the moon, or the Milky Way,
Now it's ready to wear...and much more comfy.
“If you put a label on genetically engineered food you might as well put a skull and crossbones on it.” – Norman Braksick, president of Asgrow Seed Co., a subsidiary of Monsanto, 1994
3. a jumpsuit French Connection
She pointed us to this stuff below & so far I LOVE IT. Been using it for about a week now & I can definitely tell a difference. Very light weight & even has a nice fresh smell.
Or, take a film in which there are even three takes on an event. Kurosawa’s Rashomon (1950) presents us with three takes on the same incompossible set of events. Unlike Persona, we cannot simply see the film as two views of the same events, for these events cannot exist in the same world together. For Deleuze, a film like this is one of the earliest examples in film of what he calls the powers of the false. And beyond this, we can even imagine a film which is little more than a series of modifications of the same event (ie: the interruption of dinner, in The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeosie, 1972), such as we see in many of Bunuels later films.
Here is the card I made for Francine:
You see... People are gone, but apple tree is still feeding us...
the years it takes off of them and the money it
2. http://mavymave.wordpress.com/2012/03/02/i-have-faced-myself-in-that-mirror/.. I love that her posts are so raw.. no walls= just beauty!! keep writing! looking forward to your next post
I met John in Baltimore in 1973, in a dingy, smoke-filled bar called the Grad Club near Johns Hopkins. Though he was one of six or seven regulars I came to know there, it is HIS smile and HIS welcoming wave I remember most. When I came in, he would pat the seat beside him in a gesture of welcome; as I slid into the booth, he would rub my arm, tip his head to touch mine, and ask me what I wanted to drink. Whatever lingering irritation from the day I came in with usually washed away. Seeing John there was like coming home.
recently I wrote about a friend who was diagnosed with cancer . his health has remarkably declined so much so that he’s in the hospital and hedging toward hospice. as a group of us gathered and sat with him yesterday it was challenging to see how much pain he was experience . apart from kindness like backrubs and encouragement in prayer there was a little we could do to ease your suffering . I can only say that my heart is heavy with the thought that he may not be with us much longer . on the flipside he is coming closer to his home going to jesus . the freedom from pain suffering the stress of this life and the sims card world we live in is real.
Alright, to be honest, if you had to pick a star of this salad, it would probably be the green beans. But green beans are skinny and boring. Not nearly as sexy as the plump, juicy, tomato. That beauty's got curves.
Has it really been 50 years? And does it get any better than this? And will I ever hear Moon River or see Cat being tossed out of the cab without crying? Enough said.
Charlotte L'Engle, Madeleine's granddaughter, took the mike. She shared that Madeleine loved to be part of multigenerational parties. She was the librarian and writer in residence at The Cathedral of Saint John the Divine in the Morningside Heights neighborhood.
So check back, because I will be spilling the good about "ME" in the next day or two.
I do not write thinking that churches self-consciously in the tradition of Bushnell, Beecher, and Briggs will do an about face, or that those in the stream of process theology, liberation theology, or feminist theology will abandon ship. I may vehemently disagree with full-on liberalism, but I can respect that there is an ecclesiastical and intellectual tradition behind it.
Well, I've been entertaining/educating myself again at the range. Last Saturday I went to test some 6.5X55mm Swede loads and carried a couple of handguns to "plink" with after running the test loads over the chrono. After I finished testing the M96 Swede I grabbed the handguns for some fun.
Totally cool. A deli with the blues. Kim Wilson was playing there the week I stopped in for lunch…for free. This tiny deli is run by a player himself with a serious ear for the blues. That’s the way it goes in old St. Louie. The whole town is hip to high quality music and food. Muffulettas and po-boys share the menu with Italian subs, BBQ, pastrami, and the 1904 Worlds Fair Chili Dog. The specials are out of this world. Finest quality ingredients put together by some real nice folks in an atmosphere of serious blues memorabilia makes this place a must for lunch in St. Louie.
I'm very sorry about your experience at my restaurant on Saturday night. As a seasoned chef and restauranteur, I am accutely aware that all of my guests arrive expecting to eat fantastic food, have a great time and leave fully sated and happy. My goal is to satisfy every guest that dines with us whether they are having a few drinks or Eating The Whole Menu. I take all of my customer's feedback, positive and negative, very seriously and I respond to all feedback personally after I discuss the issue with my staff.
Fact; I can’t do two things at once. D;
I'll still keep this blog up though, so you can read back on all of the cool stuff I've made and gushed about hahaha
Even George H.W. Bush eventually grasped (at least in 1988) that he needed to give voters a little of the "vision thing." Romney just seems dead set against the "vision thing"; his vision is "Obama sucks," plus the occasional warbling of "America the Beautiful."
Karen was only nine years of age, with a younger sister and older brother when her father, David Zacharias, by her accounts an exceptional father, husband, as well as military serviceman, gave his life in service for his country. The changing of the terrain after this earthquake threatened the heart and soul of this family.
What we really need to beat Obama is a candidate who peddles all sorts of fringe-y positions, and who either reports, without checking, or simply makes up stories about fringe-y paranoids’ daughters getting a dose of late-onset mental retardation.
So, I should be figuring out my next step in life, but instead I’m singing Christmas songs.
Alcohol By Volume : 5.40%
So, why is this important? Why does it matter that three television shows aired this special?
As sweet music flows from the lyre.
God’s in control, God can handle it. God will help me.
Presented in partnership with: Cinereach, New York magazine, Verizon Fios and Council Member Letitia James
Anyway as always I wish him all the best…..fingers crossed that I’ll be able to see him perform live at that gig in Carlisle !! You can follow Gareth Gates on Twitter to find out what he’s up to…( www.twitter.com/Gareth_Gates )
Humphrey told the Star that Bardwell's wife asked her if this was an interracial marriage when she called to make arrangements and told her to contact another justice of the peace as her husband would not sign the marriage license.
Smiles and laughter make the world go – round, and always brighten ones day. Having a bad moment, upset at something? A friendly smile can lift your mood; A laugh can make you happy for a few moments, and a good kiss can leave you smiling for days. But what’s even better is when the two of them are combined…
Marvellous fun, much a-chatting, laughing and sharing and too little time.
her toddler son. In South Louisiana, our conversations always
Judge Jones said that changes have been made in the past month to prevent staffers from being able to “go in and enter a dismissal on any matter.” that certainly needed to happen, but it’s worrisome that the situation wasn’t corrected until recently, especially since Traffic Court has had ticket-fixing scandals in the recent past.
Pepe: 1
The tree overhangs the footpath and we happily let people pick what they want, if they want. Some even come to the door and ask if they can.
Place the pot on the element and turn the heat to medium. Stir the mixture until the sugar dissolves, then set the spoon aside until it is time to stir in the other ingredients.
I had trainer number 2 tonight, and his style is what I'd call "exploit your weakness." He had me start with one-legged squats on a high step, and he noticed that my stabilizer muscles were weak because my ankle and my knee wobbled. Soooo, we worked on that for a whole hour. We did some lunges on the BOSU, some outer thigh raises while balancing on a stability ball, and single-leg calf raises. All of it made my legs shake, and I'm pretty sure I'll be super sore tomorrow. The good thing is that I need to work these muscles. When I get pain, it's all IT band related, and he says that working on these muscles will help. My left hip is soooo tight compared to my right so we talked a lot about balancing strength and flexibility on each side. Loved it!
Yes, he plays with age-appropriate toys too. Just this morning we played with wooden blocks, little people, a truck, an airplane, and a stuffed kangaroo, all of which are considered appropriate for a toddler by their manufacturers.
Turn popcorn into 2 or more large roasting pans. Bake at 250* for 1 hour, stirring every 15 minutes. Turn out onto waxed paper and allow to cool.
and a far greater distance inside my chest.
Flauntest now unharm’d in immortal soundness and bloom—lo, in these
True regarding the hockey mom – verified in Joe McGinniss’ book that Track had to try and find rides to his hockey matches because Sarah wasn’t interested. True regarding hunting – visible to the whole world in Sarah Palin’s Alaska.
Welcome to 2012 and to my new-look blog.
Also, during the meeting I asked for an explanation regarding the dispute between the NY Rowing Association and its former location at the Peter Sharp Boathouse but received no answer.
In some cases, for example, the exclusion isn’t communicated in an online posting, but by human resources directors to the headhunters they’re using.
1147 **D-X/2/1992. “The Lessons of Christopher Columbus.” First Friday Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, The Cultural Center, Chicago Public Library, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(4), above, pp. 618-36.)
I learned from Google’s homepage that today is International Women’s Day (IWD). I had not heard of this day before. It led me to think about the competing voices that define femininity today.
So my Dad and I just finished jogging and I was just there at our sala, sitting and staring at our toy poodle as she walks around aimlessly, and in my staring state I started noticing her legs and how she looks like she’s wearing invisible high heels and I wondered if that’s how people came up with the idea of putting heels on shoes – because it looks lovely in an animalistic way, I guess – and wondered further how it came to be that only women wear them and so I ended up consuming ten minutes of my time looking up the history of high heels. No better way to start the day than by doing some random researching!
The article was about the amazing ability of Facebook to influence female consumers.
The War Of The Worlds template takes on a more salacious and vindictive depth with the debut release from Digital Diktator in the shape of the venomous From The Edge Of The Universe. The EP is a striking and destructive violation upon the senses and rational thought which is intrusive, challenging, and perpetually compulsive. Most of all it is very impressive and even though one feels like they are caught within and witnessing a digital car crash such the intense and impactful manipulation it makes on thought and emotions it is equally very satisfying and rewarding.
I feel in love with these when I first set eyes on them during an adrenaline-fuelled shopping dash to Oxford Circus. Armed with a 20% voucher cut lovingly from a New Look in-store magazine (it’s just how I roll…) I bought them before you could say ‘My feet hurt’.
9. Cove Island
Here are the sites with the giveaways:
Yesterday my sister and I ran the Second Empire 5K Classic in downtown Raleigh, NC. It was a gorgeous spring day, low 70s F with blue skies and a cool breeze...
I wanna hold you so much
And from myself, as my abilities to do much have diminished since surgery, I have lowered my expectations for myself. I have raised the expectations for my family to contribute more with the house cleaning, the shopping, the cooking, the laundry, the dogs. Being forbidden to lift more than 10 lobs for a full 12 weeks has certainly reshaped my reality.
-drawing
Here come the swatches, but be forewarned: there are a lot of them. I had trouble deciding which were the best representatives of the pigmentation, so I just decided to throw them all in here so you can decide for yourself and be able to see them in different lighting. All pictures were taken during the day with no flash, but some seem to be in direct daylight while others are a bit more shadowed.
The New Zealand region is about to experience significant climatological events and large-scale geological and tectonic activity. Would be visitors are advised to stay out of the area for the foreseeable future.
That’s why we love to read, those of us who do. And that must be why musicians love to write and perform. Its as if we are magically transported through the trekkies beam-me-up Scotty magic to another place and time. Sometimes that is just the perfect escape!
Willett Rye, 3 years old, Single Barrel (Barrel 6), 55% abv ($36)
My picture of my mum.
Do you have any "odd" uses for everyday household items?
First you start with the canvas, i.e the plain mum with ribbons which, depending on the size, one flower to three flowers will cost you between $45 and $100. Then you have to add stuff to it, a lot of of stuff! The more the better and trust me you can never have enough: teddy bears, trinkets, bells, whistles, lights, mini games, candy, more ribbons, glitter..... So, with blood pressure rising, you start driving around town to find those priceless gems: Michael's, Hobby Lobby, Walmart, CVS and nearly have a heart attack when you get to the cash register, realizing that your credit card is about to catch on fire. But wait! That's not over. Your son's girlfriend is a cheerleader ? Well, you have to find some cheerleading related trinkets. She plays volleyball ? You have to find the perfect mini plastic volleyball to glue to the ribbons. If you have a swimmer to decorate for, keep on looking for the picking is slim. Maybe a pair or swim goggles, but it has to be painted to match the school colors. Then you have to spell their names in glittering letters and add something witty.
Luton borough council and the bedfordshire Police gave permission to these Muslim fanatics to protest. Our council and Police force need to decide if they back this disbanded Terrorist group Al-Muhajiroun or they back the local residents of luton!
I am not quite up for the nomination for "comeback kid" yet, but my efforts over the past few days are paying off. The scale is headed back in the directon that it needs to be going and I am feeling a lot better than I was a few days ago. My Race to 10 results are still on the plus side...but just barely. It is good motivation to keep things in control over the weekend!
T.I.R.E.D
Until one becomes a parent, this is a difficult phenomenon to understand. But I assure you, should you become a parent, from the moment you look into that child’s eyes, your life changes and your fate is sealed. I, for one, wouldn’t have it any other way.
So many times in antiquity, the emperors of Persia or other proud empires went to the oracles to ask for advice about going to war. Roman generals summoned soothsayers to read the entrails before a battle. If there was ever a sign for a president and his administration to rethink what they’re doing, this was it. I mean, no sooner had Bush announced that the war was “weeks, not months” away and gone off for a peaceful weekend at Camp David than this catastrophe occurred in the skies over Texas.
2/3 cups oil
Here is a round up of what the other Strictlies are reading:
All I wanted was a little peace and quiet while I was trying to blog..seriously, is that too much to ask??
Embellishments: buttons and twine from stash
What's Included?
So far so agreeable, but here is where myself and Matt’s thought diverge. Matt seems to think that the major beer companies should be running something akin to an education campaign about changing the perceptions of beer.
- Marcia Hughes & James Terrell
I did my project about The Other Man.
So this picture was snapped in the Summer 2008 on the solstice. Apt right? Enjoy your color today. You may just be in a spot of the world that’s WARMER than I am.
-Looking out the window of an omnibus en route to Rosario, the darkening sky revealing the southern constellations to me for the first time outside the bright modernity of the metropolis. My good friend C putting me up at his house for the weekend on little notice, introducing me to the city he knew intimately. Near the river a stray dog, patchy, fur like tweed, sidling up to anyone who passed his way, his eyes alight with the hope of a home. He reminded me of that dog in those old Porky Pig cartoons, only less annoying and more pitiable.
Anyway, I got the bottle shop, had a mooch around and was then approached by one of the ladies who worked there, she found me a sealed bottle of the Hed Kandi polish I wanted and then let me browse as I wished. I picked up the bright blue from the Hed Kandi range and then another lady who worked there suggested I buy Fuzzy Peach as it would go wonderfully with my skintone.
Here are some transformation pictures.
disastrous consequences.
Worst gig @ Airwaves festival ever (since 2005 in my experience):
It's been a while since I've posted anything and the excuse that I've been too busy is a lousy one. Yes, I was incredibly busy, but as I've been thinking about it, I realized that it has more to do with the fact that my world was in complete disorder. And although I have a lot going on, that disorder has a lot to do with my own action or inaction. This is my first Saturday morning in a long time when I am neither running around like a madwoman nor comatose on the couch with no initiative to get things done.
We were saddened to see so many dead buds on the fruit trees—apparently the date of the last killer frosts is not advancing as quickly as the start of spring, and there may not be many cherries or peaches this year. This is terrible news, especially for the farmers.
Although I'm crazy lucky to have year-round Farmer's Markets available, I often load up on tons of fruit (and kettle corn) and neglect some veggies. The CSA makes sure I fit in some fresh, fresh, fresh veggies. I can't wait to open the box and see what I got this week! It's like a little birthday gift.
So I slept late, took my time with several cups of coffee and got dressed and managed to get out the door around 3:00 in the afternoon.
Why do we keep losing? Simple. We keep playing the game using the other guys’ rules on their field and their ball. All the mayor has to do is say the words Wayne Theatre, and our side starts falling all over each other about how to respond.
The most common method of ticketing for online systems today is through the e-ticket process. An e-ticket stands for electronic ticket and you usually have to print it out (so not that electronic after all). This helps airline ticket companies save some of the cost by issuing tickets that don’t have to be sent via snail mail.
1. Whatever I can conceive, I believe.
Like many universities, Tech had a "ghetto" surrounding it which was cheap housing for students--but it also attracted the usual human sewage who saw college campuses as easy hunting grounds.
Back toward pilsner in the taste, it's very lightly bitter with no distinct hops flavor. Light malt as well, it's clean and crisp. This would make an excellent lawnmower beer as well. More flavor than any macro of the same clarity/color/body, but still very drinkable.
7 oz jar Marshmallow Fluff
1 Wind On Water 5:30
Here’s a roundup of featured programs from the last week, including exclusive video interviews. To read more and watch the videos, click through to the full story, and follow the series to learn about more breakthrough companies.
I made this layout using MME Just Dreamy 2 paper
In our present verse the Lord compares himself to a thief, I find that interesting Satan is also described as a thief. Satan is the thief, the murderer and the liar who is trying to steal our Joy, kill our families, and make us believe what God said isn’t true.
For the past 7 weeks I have been part of a team at my gym in a competition called Biggest Thriver, sort of like The Biggest Loser, except no one gets voted off, thankfully. I worked my tail off, literally. I met some AMAZING women & I mean AHHHHMMMAAZING! I ended up losing 15lbs, lost 5.5inches from my belly and my booty, lost 1.8% body fat and took 2 minutes 35 seconds off of my mile. It was hard but so rewarding! It was such a great group of women and the support of that group was incredible and priceless! Our fantabulous and fearless leader Debra asked us all to come up with some tips, advice that we would give others trying to lose weight and share a menu/recipes to share as well. I thought this would make a great blog post, as people ask me this all the time, these days.
Management consulting and counseling services can give you and / or your staff someone to consult with about your strategic planning, strategic management, help you to sort through your issues, develop solutions, improve communication, focus, strategic thinking, help you to focus on your core competencies and other aspects of life or business. The services of CEO Business Management Solutions are for your most general or pressing issues that involve your overall management, strategic planning, strategic management, focus, stability, goals, growth, failures, successes, performance, communication, efficiency and development of your business, projects or career.
If you manage to make it through let me know what you think!!!
Chris: Nah… I’m just playing around with ya. Fire away! I can deal with it.
7) I am consumed by anxiety that Wonder Boy will be assigned to the "easy" 2nd grade teacher at his school and will spend the entire year daydreaming and staring out the window.
Incidentally, when I first saw Benny Hill on TV, many years ago in my circus days, I didn’t realise those head-slapping noises were electronically generated. In my eagerness to try it myself, I persuaded a clown to shave his head clean so I could pat it repeatedly. You can imagine my disappointment on being unable to replicate the TV noises, no matter how much wrist I put into it (and in all modesty, my wrist action is worthy of a table tennis champion). I eventually gave up in frustration and massaged some ointment into the clown’s sore scalp.
Genealogy/Family History Center. If you are one that loves genealogy, Salt Lake is the place to go. The Genealogy center will give you access to the world’s largest collection of genealogical resources.
Such a gorgeous little soul, I look back and wish I enjoyed those moments more.I was unwell when she was a baby possibly due to the birth and depression. I had Graves disease and when she was a toddler, I had surgery to remove my thyroid.
I also learned that some people take dodgeball very seriously. Very, very, very seriously. Luckily, none of those people were on my team. But, that whole National Dodgeball Championship scene in Las Vegas in the aforementioned Vince Vaughn movie? That’s a real thing, and I met a lot of people who actually compete in it annually. These people throw those rubber balls hard, and they have strategies. Our team was rag-tag and our main goal was to get the other team out. One of the most notorious dodgeballers (his nickname is The Hulk, swear to God) eventually sat us down and went over strategy with us.
Every Monday, you journey to work. Unless you freelance full-time, you leave your writing behind. In my case, I go off to work and—write. But, it’s very different writing from my freelance writing.
Midnight Mass is a story about vampires. Not your sparkly teen-angst vampires, nor your tortured byronic (I call them moronic) hero vampires. No, this hearkens back to the bad old days of Salem's Lot and They Thirst. There's nothing noble or exalted or wonderful or thoughtful or kind or meaningful about this bunch. They are about destruction and blood. Period. Could care less about art, science, technology, literature, or humanity (except as a food source).
Those politically poignant reminiscences came at the end of a eulogy that was largely more personal — in which the prime minister spoke adoringly of his father, family life, his and his two brothers’ upbringing, the strength with which Benzion and his late wife Tzila bore the death of their eldest son Yoni (the IDF commander who was the sole Israeli fatality of the legendary Israeli rescue raid at Entebbe in 1976), and of Benzion’s extraordinary academic scholarship.
And the scores came out and said, No! They were in 3rd! It's a historic win for Canada's Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir! For the first time in Olympic history, North America wins the gold in ice dancing! What an incredible and fantastic win!
Kid #1 Why?
Are you ready for a new BnW challenge? Hope so. Today we would like to see you're X-mas creations using an image with Elisabeth Bell.
06 Independence Day (10:31)
Twitter – www.twitter.com/mannisandhu
The Activity Mom
twosix added:
2And after Paul and Barnabas had had no little argument and discussion with them, the brothers made a decision to send Paul and Barnabas and certain others of them to the Apostles and the rulers of the church at Jerusalem about this question.
I would love to continue this record but I'm not sure I have the time or commitment. I'm wondering about starting fresh. With a new page.
So, the not easy thing that I did was actually something I didn’t do. I’ve written about this before – shutting it down, not training through pain. This all started after the race two weeks ago. I had some soreness after running faster, but that was expected. What wasn’t expected was that the soreness around my left hip would linger. I stuck to my training plan – run a few miles, take a day off, repeat. My hip would be sore after the run, but the day of rest seemed to do the trick so that it felt fine for running again. But it wasn’t getting better … it was just maintaining. It was a strange pain too – one day it would be on the side, the next day high on the front, and then it would move down to the quads. When it migrated into my lower back I decided to see Dr. Annie for some chiropractic / A.R.T. treatment. And I kept to my plan, until …
8. being able to hang out in my basement in my ratty thread covered sweats and just sew
enzymes that give it its extraordinary value. Here's a brief look at the
As an example we have a "Wandering Bares" sticker on the car.
Don't make it easy on yourself by putting all your clutter in a bag or a box so that you can pick it all up and move it in one easy swoop. Make it tough leave all the the items out so it is difficult to transport it to the chair and back to the bed, back and forth. Obviously if you make it easy with a box it will be easier to put it off. The more difficult it is the harder it is to put off. You want the difficulty of transporting it back and forth more difficult then it is to deal with the clutter.
- Back through North Turramurra - Kissing Point Road
But, then, having untangled ourselves, purged the toxic dredge, drank from a fresh, clear stream – we get back up brush ourselves off and stand back up. We keep on walking, together this time.
You may have read a previous article called “Your children – the horrifying truth”, and may come to the realisation that you quite literally do not own your own body – or so the system would have you believe. Not only that, but in truth your person is in fact a corporation. Created by the state, upon the filing of your birth certificate registration application, your person is the capitalisation of your name, e.g. ‘MR T ANDERSON’ or variant thereof. It is essential to realise this as fact and whenever a government entity wants to interact with you they will address you by the exact spelling of your PERSON and not you – this is the crucial difference.
I've been pollishing off about a book a day. I'm re-reading some old favourites from highschool. Last night I "re-finished" Hunters Moon by O.R. Melling. The perfect book for a Canadian girl with an Irish heritage. Being taken away by the Fairie folk and getting married to the King of Fairies himself! I love O.R. Mellings writing and definately recommend any and all of her books. I've found two of them, and am on the lookout in the used bookstores for more of them. Not the easiest books to find.
Whiny lil brat am I – I don’t ask for much. A real home, where I have all my stuff, room to stretch out a bit, and an internet connection that doesn’t suck, would be a very good start.
Here is a close up of the embossing. You can see how the clear embossing powder resists the color that I added, giving it a very nice look. This is a very easy technique to do - you will really like it!
* The alleged forensics result, now widely accepted as being inconclusive
*PhP 500 per pair with free lens case
I am SO lucky to have long-time friends...for those who don't know me too well...I move a lot. From my childhood years to my married life, I think 24 moves. So when I say I am LUCKY, I am...they are the ones who kept up with my crazy life.
God is a person — namely, our Father. Prayer is a deeply personal, intimate CONVERSATION with our Father — not some *magical incantation* or religious babbling.
First impressions determine how each interaction proceeds from that point forward. The first impression made on anyone is foundational.
Good morning and welcome to the start of a new week! Today I have a few more cards I created from my scrap bin and my December 2011 Unity Stamp Co. Kit of the Month (KOTM). The layout of both cards were based on two more of the CPS Anniversary sketches (Day 11 and Day 12).
It's not so much of an issue anymore, except when it comes to Little Sis. For some unfathomable reason, she is incapable of removing her hair from the drain after taking a shower. This causes intense arguments in my house at least twice a week.
See the craggy mountains and the caverns way below!
To achieve the look I started by printing and cutting out the stencils for the roman numerals. Instead of stippling the stencil design I traced the outlines for placement, then handpainted each one. (yes...those are reading glasses, I'm showing my age!)
is built with bricks THIS thick!
I came across an interesting article in FoxNews.com called, “Survivor tells of life inside a North Korea concentration camp.” I am ashamed to say that my knowledge of Korea is woefully insignificant. I had no idea they had concentration camps, let alone what a “gulag” is. According to the article more than 200,000 men, women, and children are interned in concentration death camps. (It’s always nice to find out humanity has learned from their mistakes.) In the whole history of this gulag system, only three people have ever escaped the camps. The article is an interview of one of them.
support, faith and respect.
Good grief, a parliamentary question about a post box.
This is one for the OMG Holy Crap files… a passenger on board an airplane waiting at JFK airport captured this incredible video this morning as the space shuttle Enterprise landed on the adjacent runway! Talk about a once-in-a-lifetime shot!
*Side note: I haven’t read all of the book mentioned above, but so far I would highly recommend it!
Jogging is very beneficial. it’s good for your feet. it’s also very good for the ground. It makes it feel needed.
a dove wailed sadly
coupon organizer and it was amazing! It has dividers for each section
He growled, ”But MY manhood is proven.”
One last bit of biz:
You know your husband pays attention to you when he mentions a sign he saw that was printed on cardstock, not paper but cardstock, lol.
I used Dr Oetker's roll-out icing in chocolate flavour as I thought it would go nicely with the chocolate cake.
As most of you know, my cat Fifi has recently had 5 kittens. If you know anything else about me, than you know how much I love cats. I have grown up having cats and have always had a cat throughout my married life. I would have 10 cats if Hubs let me!
Even now, as the oyster-shaped basketball arena that will anchor a 22-acre housing and office complex rises against the low-slung Brooklyn skyline, die-hard opponents are still resisting. Last week they packed a hearing held by two community boards to block the arena from speedily receiving a liquor license.
Clueless
remember to think back to all of your favorite
I promise
When carrots are soft remove them from the heat and allow to cool. Puree carrots and juice in blender until smooth and velvety, adding additional water as necessary to get an ultra smooth puree. Return puree to sauce pan and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly to evaporate the liquid. You will know that it's done when you drag a wooden spoon across the bottom of the pan and the puree doesn't flow back together.Transfer to a small bowl and refrigerate until needed. This can be made a day or two ahead of time.
I gotta add this:
I coulda sworn I already posted about this....
Here are the adorable creations from the DT...
This is where I start a game with a friend of mine. She has made a contribution to the greater chaos of online knowledge that I want to respond to.
On with the TV, plop my butt in front of the computer, sip the first cup of coffee – from last night, the last cup in the pot before the morning brew finished, and the TV starts on school kids, the blogs (three of them from the ‘normal’, personal blogs, and two from the professional blog writers) start in on kids and schools, or a variation of the theme.
The US Insurgent cover. Amazing isn't it? I love it. Yea, yea I know I just went on about how the UK cover of Divergent grew on me and I'm glad I have that cover and everyone knows cover have to match. BUT that does not in any way stop me loving the US cover just as much!
I’m going to print the article out and hang it in the henhouse for all the girls to see.
Don't imagine that government officials caught with their fingers in the till will be punished. Excuses -- like the need to overcome generations of white racism -- will be found to exonerate the guilty.
Thank you for your consideration, and I look forward to hearing from you.
Lucy, through snow, said. “Someone’s coming home, not me.”
I promise to post again soon and with some pictures!
2 Brother’s Northwind Imperial Stout – IL – 8.5% ABV
A new section was labeled “Choose Well”.
Coo-kie (also said very carefully in two syllables)
her to go out for dinner and a movie.
We've had more presidents named Millard than we've had named Matthew, Mark, Luke, Peter, Paul or Mary. One Grover (elected twice) but no Robert. Yes to Dwight, no to David. Hooray for Harry, but hisses for Henry (unless you think of William Henry Harrison as having two first names and I don't). Hello Chester, goodbye Charlie.
It means we have to see that Jesus has already persevered for us. You know, Christianity is the most unique faith in the world. We believe that God came down to this world and suffered the same trials and frustrations in life that we do. Not only did he endure them, but He persevered until the very end.
Why It’s Working: People don’t want to just throw their old things away. Givmo is a platform where people can come together to give (and take!) free stuff.
But here's the thing about this CD: some tracks have the electronic sound and needlessly complicated arrangement of bad Asian karaoke, some tracks are clearly done by a musical theater major in the tradition of Rachel Barry, and still others, like Humpty Dumpty, seem to be sung by Kenny Loggins (I actually checked the liner notes and the lack of information leads me to believe that it is, indeed, Kenny Loggins).
Dr Lager stands puzzled in front of his open wardrobe;
About two years ago, a lovely couple gave me this built-in sewing machine.
You are in him
‘Keys,’ says Beatrice.
If you really want to cut down on the price tag, bring your own container from home for the florist to fill. You can bring in a vase, an urn, or a basket. If a florist supplies the container, it can add around $5 or more. By bringing your own, you are paying purely for the flowers and the florist's services. Usually a bouquet for $20-$25 will be on the small side, but if you supply the vase you can take home something pretty sizable. Plus, it provides you with an opportunity to be creative: does your lady have an old heirloom she holds dear, like a mug or teacup? These small containers can cost very little to fill but have just as much meaning as something large due to the sentimental factor.
All of the chicks are in the nest.. is the motto for some families..
...with about five younger kids! This is what made it an incredible journey. There were children. Living, breathing, children. They may've been a nuisance, they may've been annoying, but they made it real. THANK YOU MARI MANCUSI! Thank you for acknowledging that there WILL be children in the dystopian future, and that they won't just be magically looked after and that they WILL have to be a part of the journey, whether we like it or not.
The only character I had a problem with was Eldest because he came across as a weak villain to me-- he just didn't seem all that dangerous or intimidating, and his character was even described multiple times throughout the story as childish and foolish. This made it difficult for me to take him serious, and even though he acted like a dictator at some points, I would've been able to respect his character more if he came across as more villain-ish!
The small man
The kid’s seats were empty, the radio was on and I quickly forgot about the mysterious thump when my song of the moment, Little Red’s Rock It, started to play.
Essex - meant to describe how people from Essex (obviously) but also carries with it the idea that this is the speech of people whose parents or grandparents came from London's 'East End', so it's a form of 'Cockney' but because some 'Essex' people have done well, it's intertwined with views about people having 'made it', wearing 'flash' clothes, make-up and jewellery, (and flash is probably a rhetorical term in itself as in 'talking flash') and, sadly, people saying of themselves that they're not clever. 'I'm really Essex. Can't you hear?'
If the above is the case, one also wonders why this publisher even offers any kind of author solution service.
however, she was showing signs of the beginning stages of tracheal collapse,
~Manda
Satya guides us to be honest. This means, listening and speaking from the heart and letting the preconceptions of who and how to be fall away. Satya reflects back on Ahimsa. Having an open heart towards someone often requires us to reflect on the truth of our own mistakes and limitations to find compassion and see that we are all connected.
The Cubans “always said they just wanted someone to talk to,” Cason said. “But I always asked why not the USINT? That’s why we were there, to talk to them.”
Do my arms
Now, don’t we all love stories of underdogs making good? Isn’t the Hero’s Journey a universal myth? Don’t we love books about monsters? I know I do and given what’s out there (from Harry to Percy, from Alex to Valkyrie) there are plenty of other readers who feel the same.
In a large skillet, melt the ghee. Add the spices and mix well. Add the potatoes to the mix and stir to coat well with the spice mixture. Cook for 10 minutes, stirring often.
I want to thank ann! alyssa maries mom! for all your doing. you are the main reason I am taking action again, and putting my middle finger in the air to those who judge me.
The first thing I did was to make the title letters. I used Prussian Blue and Olive chalk inkpads to color a sheet of watercolor paper:
BLEAMY'S CORNER is a YA historical fiction novel complete at 76,000-words
Here they are!
A leader with vision has a clear, vivid picture of where to go, as well as a firm grasp on what success looks like and how to achieve it. But it’s not enough to have a vision; leaders must also share it and act upon it. Jack Welch, former chairman and CEO of General Electric Co., said, “Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision and relentlessly drive it to completion.”
I have to admit, I was never much for history in school and I was never much for sitting around listening to stories my grandparents told about the olden days. But in business, I was mentored in such a way that as a business executive, the mission came naturally to me to know what and who happened in the past and what the results were of such, in order to cultivate a long view for the future, to avoid the mistakes, to embrace the new, to stay sharp, to be flexible. I think there’s power in being able to flex between the past and the present, to stretch to the future. That’s called vision. How corporations have become so afraid of that sort of vision, so wary of the value of people with that vision, I don’t know. As far back as Homer, though, people in power have feared the visionary, the soothsayer. There are many who may well tell me to go back to reading my Homer and leave the matter of business to others now. Well, so be it. I’ll be the one downloading Homer onto my Smartphone, ok?
The rub
5. Harpers Bizarre - Mad
The contrast of cotton with the earth, heightened by memories of regularly wading through cotton fields a long, long time ago, and most recently from the sight of white puffs cascading the earth past Raichur in Karnataka, this was the closest I came to reliving those memories the moment I conceded, concluded really, that these must indeed be cotton fields even though they were nowhere as profuse with whites as those others I’ve seen and been in before.
Tomorrow (Jan 20th) is a special day for me. It will be my mother's 102 birthday -- if she were still alive. She remembered the end of the Great War. Sadly she was also around when they had to change the name of the war to World War I. She and Papa were married in the midst of the Great Depression and had two sons before the beginning of WWII. She remembered the first time she saw an automobile and the first time she heard radio. She remembered the first time she ever went up in a plane. She lived long enough to see Mankind land on the moon -- twice.
A father and his young daughter sat on a large piece of driftwood watching the sun sink beneath the horizon of a calm, glasslike sea off the coast of West Africa. The father, sensing his daughter was probably getting tired, gently lifted her into his arms and began the long trek down the beach back to their home a few miles away.
Brace yourselves, this will be a shock.. As of today, as of this morning, I am cancer free. Yes, you did read that right. The CT scan showed No Sign of Disease otherwise known as NED.
Hungarian spiced lamb wrapped in a tasty flaky pastry pillow with roast pumpkin garnish rounded out the main courses and the Arctic Fox American Pale Ale, while a tad hoppy for some, was well received overall. And for those with any room left, the evening was capped with a Tira Misu matched with Holgate’s Temptress Chocolate Porter. While this proved a little dark and foreboding for a few, there was little left over when the tables were cleared.
Oh, and the other, which is perhaps more removed, is when Pascal comments that offering arguments to unbelievers is most likely to lead to contempt rather than belief, for they are likely to scorn your arguments as indicative of the weak strands holding your belief together. Such an utterance would n’t sound out of place for al-Ghazali either, I should think, especially given the manner by which he defines theology – as first an internal defense and then an external one against unbelief. Theology is not, in the function it serves, equipped to be particularly constructive.
26 years after Lorde’s indictment we are still standing at the same street corner haggling over whether women of color deserve respect and have anything to contribute to feminism?!
Mini System Test 2
That worked until one particular spell worked so well that I was no longer able to convince myself magic was just a useful technique. When it sank in to my brain that magic really worked, I panicked. Suddenly here was this new, huge source of potential terrible things.
"How do you even know this music of from Pirates of the Caribbean? How did you learn the word "Caribbean"?
The device has two ports, one for the generic memory card and one for game cartridges. So if you want to take music, pictures or videos with you, or if you want to download digital-only games from the Sony Entertainment Network, you’ll have to pay extra for the Vita storage cards. There are a range of sizes planned from 2-16GB and you probably won’t like the prices.
An Italian fashion house has launched an advertising campaign promoting the idea that enemies should kiss and make-up. A huge picture of President Obama and Hugo Chavez pressing lips recently appeared on a billboard outside the Brazzaville YMCA. Everyone knows the photo is a fake, so it generated very little excitement, even among the residents of the YMCA.
Personally I find fresh air hardly refreshing, but today it smells like freedom. I had a dream yesterday, where I found something amazing. But I didn’t know what it was I was looking at.
The Newcastle Women’s Collective (with the Newcastle Feminist Society) would like to invite you to celebrate International Women’s Day at the Cluny 2, Ouseburn, Newcastle, Wednesday 7 March from 7.30pm (*women only*). Tickets on the door at £3 minimum donation.
Overcoming these contradictions involves thinking tactically: opposing assumptions of endless flexibility and availability with suggestions of inflexibility/unavailability, highlighting the superficiality of the obligatory performances of customer service, disengaging from the incessant language of aspiration. These are all small attempts to direct alienation outwards into a relation of estrangement, and to collectively and cumulatively build this into a weapon of mass refusal.
What can you learn from this list?
Being the frugal person that I am, one year I decided I would make and mail my own gift baskets. It was very time consuming, very expensive, but fun for a one-time activity. I created a home entertainment basket with microwave popcorn, Milk Duds and Raisinets, a few well-chosen video tapes (before DVDs became the in-thing!) and a few other items. Being of Italian descent, my favorite home-spun basket is called "A Taste of Italy." It includes pasta, sauce, good Romano cheese, bread sticks, olive oil, wine and some delicious traditional Italian cookies!
Avery Brewing Company Avery Joe's Pilsner
The only difference between me and the most of the world is that they have not come to terms with that.
As you can tell, the single most productive day was day 17, with over 5700 words. Second was day 1, with 4500.
Lucifer was a high-ranking angel in the abode of God. He was called “The Morning Star” and the Bible tells us he was beautiful and powerful and had much authority under God. But Lucifer had a change of heart and said, “I will be like the most High” and challenged God’s authority (Isaiah 14:12-14.) For this disobedience (which was called “sin”) Lucifer was cast out of God’s abode and his domain became the earth and the space between heaven and earth (called “space”). The Bible describes Lucifer as “the old devil, the serpent, Satan, the evil one, prince of the air, god of this world, a roaring lion seeking whom he might devour and an angel of light” (Revelation 12:9; 2 Corinthians 4:4; 1 Peter 5:8.)
When soup is ready, serve it in bowls (make sure to leave some room at the top of your bowl) and top with fresh tomatoes, green onions, lettuce, black olives, shredded cheddar cheese, avocado, and sour cream. Sprinkle with thin-cut tortilla strips or serve with tortilla chips.
So save your money and pass on this one. Don't even bother renting it. Get the Ocean's Eleven movies instead if you need a Clooney fix.
What's your dream living arrangement?
There are enough of these remnants that Philip J. Riley was able to publish a reconstruction of Tod Browning's movie in book form, but if you didn't have the opportunity or good sense to pay $29.95 for it in 1987, you'll have to shell out ninety bucks or more now. A few years ago Turner Classic Movies did a similar reconstruction, this time on film, and that one's available on The Lon Chaney Collection.
Most importantly, though, suddenly I was bound by a written story which, to some extent, dictated what the pictures had to be. I couldn’t be lazy and not draw some important detail because it would be difficult (nor could I shy away from writing that difficult scene!).
Wrapping up this four week commitment, I’ve learned that it basically comes down to how determined a person is to make these minor adjustments. I’m not going to say that it’s an easy transition; it takes a lot of self-discipline and a little more time and effort. The good news is that everybody can do it in some way or another! I am a student-athlete whose day typically runs from 5:30am to 11pm and though some of these methods I’ve tried to conserve water aren’t realistic for my hectic schedule, it’s a trial and error process and in the end, you learn what works and what doesn’t. The cool thing is that these adjustments can be personalized to your specific lifestyle and you can still feel good about what you’re doing in order to create a more sustainable world.
Stand out
EGYPTIAN UNREST
I can't wait to get all my orders and see how they work out. I went a little crazy this week, but have been on a shopping hiatus for a while so I was saving up! Anyone else find any good deals lately???
Betty Blue (France) directed by Jean-Jacques Beneix
This is my friend Jan, well this is one of Jan's girls. Jan lives in Hawaii where she is a wife, mom, and owner of a successful indie business selling her beautiful hand-stamped jewelry online. But down deep in Jan's heart she felt a yearning to release her inner artist, so she began taking steps to answer that call. This past week she has launched both her beautiful new website, Jan Avellana, Art and Words, as well as a new Etsy shop featuring her mixed media art. Stop in and say Hi to Jan, start your Christmas shopping early or just treat yourself to one of her beautiful inspiring mixed media girls, I certainly did!
Thank you, thank you and many big air/interweb kisses.
Because the sun has drawn near,
“So we thought, okay, this site is overcrowded, let’s build additional plots.”
The reality in all this is that we are fighting a war with an ideology, a religion that believes in lying and deceit to achieve it’s goals. And our president has done much to hide or disguise that fact. All references to “radical Islam” Muslim terrorists, and anything else that identifies violent acts as being motivated by the Islamic religious belief has been ordered purged from all official government communication. Meantime the Obama administration is funneling not just millions but billions of dollars into the hands of these radicals through all kinds of back doors and under many guises.
no green light ..
Many of the protesters who were attacked outside the defence ministry building, in the capital’s Abbasiya district, on Wednesday morning were supporters of a Salafist preacher barred from standing in the election.
Justin Bristow CHC B 5
We say goodbye and I kiss him, we both think the same thing.
You've got the face of a loser and the stance of a man who doesn't know his own mind,
I’ve gotten a lot of anti-CF spam/troll comments lately that I haven’t approved due to their inflammatory and/or derogatory remarks that don’t add to the conversation, but if it’s one thing I’ve come to realize: they’re absolutely right. I guess deep down I do really want kids after all.
3 interesting
My mom found a house to rent that was right on the water, very quiet and peaceful. In our 'backyard' was Bald Point State Park.
The mass media are the eyes and ears of modern societies. If they do not function properly, citizens will find it very hard to maneuver rationally and deal in a sensible manner with the challenges they face. This can be compared to being confronted by a hungry polar bear, whereas your eyes and ears keep telling you that this is actually a cozy teddy bear who just craves a little love and understanding.
The Foster’s side;
When I met him, he had just got his first review for his show - a 4-star review – but, the previous day, he told me his show had not been successful -
Your loyal, proud and strong heart will often go out of its way to listen to other people’s problems, whilst you never reveal your own?!
Tattered Angels Glimmer Mist
A: Funny, I always do my best thinking in the shower. Thank goodness I take many of them, at least two a day, always long, sometimes up to half an hour. Just hard to jot the ideas down. I have been known to write and draw in the steam.
and something tells me..
Known as the real fist-ever Sino-French co-production on the mainland, the film has been warmly welcomed by French audiences. The French production company expects to sell 80,000 tickets in total.
I said, "No. I look white. So that makes me white."
But I want to show some improvement in my writing, so I’ve turned to several books. If you haven’t heard of them before, you are really missing out. The reading is fascinating, but is rather overwhelming too. There is much more involved in writing a great novel than I ever realized, and while intimidating it hasn’t put me off from continuing to write. It just brought home how much I have to learn. Since I just started last semester I knew this wouldn’t be easy or quick. I’m in it for the long-haul.
This makes perfect sense really – by equipping yourself with a set of specific and specialist skills, you are giving yourself a competitive advantage. An added draw is that graduates of these focused degrees tend to move into lucrative careers. And, of course, if you want to be a nurse, why would you want to bother studying the genetic makeup of perennial hardwood trees?
I thought long and hard before wallpapering a nook in my living room. It was an odd hollow area on a brick wall and I knew I needed a statement piece there to give it a purpose. The pattern couldn't be too crazy, though, because I really wanted to use fun pillows on the
“We call upon President Obama and his administration to honor the founding principles of this nation and embrace human rights and justice for Chen Guangcheng,” he said. “It is a disgrace and outrage that Mr. Chen, who was in the protective custody of the American Embassy, has now been allowed to be turned over to the Chinese government where he and his family will face unspeakable violence and brutality.”
As a child my other recurring dream involved strings. There were several strings around me, and I remember I would sometimes get a glimpse of a spinning wheel. I couldn’t see myself. Everything around me was black except for the strings, which were white. I could only see my hand, and I was holding a pair of scissors. I would try to cut the strings with the scissors, but the strings would remain uncut. When I grew up I learned about the Fates and that they would cut one’s string of life to end a person’s life. What did those dreams mean? Was I a suicidal kid?
Thanks for getting to the end of this piece – apologies for the length of it. Have a good day.
Ears
Now the Apostle Paul said that he would prefer that everyone would prophesy as opposed to speaking in tongues.
you will do 1 chain, 1 dc(sc) into the corner on the motif you are attaching to
The lovely painting above shows a woman waiting for inspiration. The most common question questions asked of writers are "Where do you get your ideas from?" or "What inspired you to ...?" It has always baffled me. Why would you take on such an arduous, precarious and ill-paid career as writing if you were not simply teeming with an inexhaustible swarm of ideas begging to be turned into books?
#3. the game of golf
Rudy & Moody
You may have heard that we're still paying this Emergency Tax. Well, that's not really true; we're no longer paying a 10% Johnstown Flood Emergency Tax. Don't be silly; that was over 70 years ago! No, we're paying an 18% Johnstown Flood Emergency Tax for an "emergency" that ended 71 years ago, because the State raised the tax to 15% in 1963 and then again to 18% in 1968. That's some emergency.
I am a work in progress like the expanding universe;
Aceves may not be comfortable with his role but at least he doesn’t publicly refuse to do it like Daniel Bard has. Bard came out before last night’s game and made it clear that he had no intention of returning to the bullpen full time. What is interesting about that is that the last time I checked Bard didn’t make the personnel decisions on the team, Bobby Valentine did. It’s one thing for a bona fide leader like Pedroia to be openly question the manager but apparently Bard forgets the horrendous September he had last year not to mention the fact that he didn’t even secure a spot in the starting rotation until his last several starts of spring training. I’ve never seen a pitcher who has accomplished so little so publicly throw egg on his manager’s face like Bard did with his pregame comments last night. That level of diva-ness is generally reserved for the big guns such as Pedro and Roger. One thing that Bard apparently didn’t learn from his former bullpen mate Papelbon is humility. As much as a show off and an over the top personality that Papelbon was at least he was a team player.
I was all set to tackle an embarrassing dare, but then this fabulous truth came in from Alyssa regarding book covers and the design process and I had to shift gears. This topic is very timely for me -- TAKEN is undergoing the cover design phase as we speak -- so let's get to it, shall we?
4) It was missing the letter "A" and the "Enter" key. These are probably the most popular keys used when typing on a computer, so having to hit the same key multiple times like an unruly stepchild became very cumbersome when attempting to write a blog.
Harmony In My Head
On the other hand, I do love the theme I chose for this year and the subjects I've explored and I know a lot of you have enjoyed it as well. I've appreciated your positive feedback so much because it's shown me without a shadow of a doubt that what publishers have been saying for years is wrong. Fantasy is still alive and well in the hearts of readers. We haven't lost our love of all things wide and wonderful, but it certainly does seem to me that the fare being offered to us in the Fantasy genre in recent years has been less than inspiring.
Maybe I just didn’t notice it as much when I was a kid, but it really feels like it’s getting worse and worse. The only real way to get around these obstacles is to go to the movies when absolutely no one else is there, in the middle of a weekday, on your half hour lunch break. I know what you’re thinking, that there would be lots of old people there at that time, and that, certainly old people must fit into many of the above mentioned categories. Wrong. And shame on you for stereotyping. Old people fall asleep when they go to the movies, and don’t bother anyone. Unless they start snoring, at which point it is best to shove a kernel of popcorn into each of their nostrils.
I'm curious as to what'll be up with Briana on the Dr. Drew special -- think we'll see Devon? She definitely doesn't seem to be in love with him but I can also kinda see this girl to let him be one who yo-yo's in and out of her (and Nova's) life. We'll see . . .
This article was written by Stephen King about the fact that he believes the rich should be taxed more, particularly as many rich people find themselves paying less taxes than the middle class.
Ryan's lunch: grape gel cup on the side; blanched mixed greens of spinach, beet greens & tat soi dressed w/ a little soy sauce; strawberries; pita bread stuffed w/ collard & chive hummus and garnished w/ purple chive blossoms; sourdough pretzel nuggets.
I have given birth to three children, lost my large intestine in 2008, went through four reconstructive surgeries after that, and had a repair to a quarter size hole in my heart, and none of that prepared me for the pain of
Aide: Former Vice President Dick Cheney recovering from heart transplant: Former Vice President Dick Cheney is recovering at a Virginia hospital after a heart transplant, AP reports.
The weekend was a blur of brunch and dinner, high heels and hair spray, and speeches and tears. The facility they chose was non-traditional, but probably the most beautiful wedding location I’ve ever been to. It was an empty warehouse style room, with exposed brick walls, floor to ceiling windows, and etherial white drapes separating the ceremony space from the reception space. The color scheme was purple, grey, white, and black, and everything looked just perfect.
April 10, 2011 from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., Sephardic Community Center, 1901 Ocean Parkway, Sheepshead Bay
“This is a hardcore serial killer thriller that won’t appeal to those used to cosy whodunits”
And suppose you could do it, bring a plentiful supply of nickel, cobalt and platinum to Earth, that would affect the market price and undermine (“mine”, oh dear) the economics of the operation. I’d love to believe in an advance into space, but I just can’t, on these terms. For me, the only plausible scenario is a return to the ideas of the 1970s: forget Earth — use the stuff up there to build stuff up there, and live on it.
I opened the door and there she stood – with a Christmas sweatshirt on. Looked beautiful as usual, but it really isn’t Christmas anymore. That thought struck home and I began to laugh and then to laugh some more. I could just imagine what everyone would think if she went out in that. Oh well, such is life. I convinced her that it wasn’t Christmas anymore and she needed to change her shirt. She hurried to find another one.
- Link up by 3/14 - 11:59 pm EST
The trio were arrested by police on March 18 in a sting at Durban’s Battery Beach.
Waiting to hear back from FS for his opinion on metformin & PCOS in pregnancy. My reading says it can help reduce the risk of miscarriage by up to 50%, and that it has only not been proven safe in pregnancy, rather than having been proven harmful. It’s a dilemma that I am keen to hear his opinion on.
“You cannot save them.”
Exist forever with fruit
I took a brave decision this morning and decided to hang out my washing to dry outside in our garden. Stepping through the back door, I could feel moisture in the air. It didn’t look good for drying my clothes but suddenly that didn’t matter. I was transported back in time, to sweet memories of childhood holidays spent in Wales.
You might want to give him a gift. Of course a ring is nice, and sets the scene but you could always spend that money on something he really wants. Like a Jetski.
Slough Feg
As a movie it’s not much out of the ordinary and the acting and directing is average.
Add in cheddar cheese. Do not over mix!
Our Liturgical Celebrations ought to embrace everyone. We should make room in our house for ALL peoples.
Getting ready for our baby girl
“Stop! Stop, I can…” the agent struggled to get his words out, his throat held tight by Diggs. He didn’t struggle too much; smart move, as a quick twist of the wrist would have been quick and easy. He tried to speak, sputtering random words, and Diggs suddenly recognized something he said. He released the man, and tapped a command on his wrist. The stealth suit became visible.
I've recently noticed some wrinkles forming under my eyes. And, I watch enough TV to know there are miracle creams out there. I just had to purchase one, put it to use and those silly eye wrinkles will vanish.
Chief of Trackside Operations, at Lotus, Alan Permane said: “The mixed conditions, running intermediates to start and then switching to the medium compound slicks, gave us a good base line for Romain over the next two days.
The other day a TSA worker asked another customer at the gas pumps why people didn’t like them. The week before a local news channel ran a story about a pervert who groped a 13 year-old girl at her school; The female newscaster seemed pleased to announce that the man was caught before he got away. If the pervert had joined the TSA, he could trade off the beautiful adult women and good looking men and young boys for all the young girls he could handle.
This new book from the New York Times business columnist also tells the story almost point per point as we told you right here at IUSB Vision, with the exception of how we saw the modification of Glass-Steagal with the Gramm-Leach-Bliley bill. Partisan leftist Robert B. Reich’s review of this book tells several important parts of the same story that we did (and I am sure he didn’t like it), and The American Interest says that Reckless Endangerment could bring about the end of the Democratic Party itself.
Since Twenty takes to Bourg-Madame,
by that i mean we invite not only the birthday kid's friends, but their whole families as well.
and splayed his cracked nail hand
As many of you may know, I’m currently working on my M.S. and eventually my Ph.D. at the University of Kentucky. Since I’m in the Plant Science department the main bulk of our research occurs in the summer, when the grass is growing. My adviser’s research is focused primarily on fescue toxicosis and possible ways to mitigate the negative effects on animal performance, so most of our projects revolve around tall fescue.
Those opposed to academic selection believe it widens the gap between rich and poor, and say grammar schools tend to be dominated by the middle classes.
As a graduate student at American University and a Grameen Foundation employee, I have studied international development in the classroom and have seen it in practice through my work with Grameen Foundation’s microsavings initiative in India, Ethiopia and the Philippines, and our livelihoods work in India. This unique vantage point has given me many opportunities to reflect on the relationship between what is taught in school and what is done in the “real world” of international development. On a recent trip to one of the project sites of our microsavings project, I began to truly appreciate the difference between classroom theories and realities of the lives of the poorest.
TYDUD Blog (tydudblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
When I was 21 years of age I surrendered my life to Jesus. I told him that my life was His. He was my master. Now some 23 years later I realized that I surrendered a lot of areas in my life but I did not give all to Him. I still had ownership over my body. Oh I knew that having sex outside of marriage defiled his temple but what about my health. Did this have anything to do with God’s temple? Here is the realization that I came to. For many years I lost weight for me. I wanted to be healthy, I wanted to look good, I wanted to be in shape, I wanted to do all these things for me. But I never asked the question of what do you want for me God? You see if my body really is God’s than I should be healthy not for me but because God wants a temple that is fit and shape to carry on his work. Oh I know that we are in a fallen world and that our bodies will break down but many of us including myself are destroying God’s temple well before it would naturally break down. Ultimately we should do everything not for ourselves but for God. If He is the true owner than I lose the weight not for my benefit but how it will benefit the kingdom. Imagine if Christians decide to make God the owner of their bodies when it comes to their physical health, this would make a major impact in the World. Many health problems that are related to obesity would disappear. Even those not related to Obesity would change because we would eat better and exercise more and live healthier and the whole time giving credit to the one who owned us. Jesus.
Alright, on this bright and sunny day, my sister was watching me as I went through the levels. Switching views and pressing buttons that, god bless her, she will never understand, when I reached a point (as all gamers do) that was difficult to figure out. I had the guide, but my pride refused to allow me to perform that travesty without at least beating the game on my own ONCE. The giant flower kind was defeated and there was a hall of paintings. Going back did nothing. There was no one left to fight and no place to go. I stared at the screen switching the views back and forth until I was a little dizzy.
It looked great in the house, even if I do say so myself. It goes perfectly with their sofa and cushions.
have no idea.'
So, this class entailed watching movies and sitting around and talking about them once a week.
now you can g'head and show me how this whole "minimalist" thing is done, or you can go as hog-wild with the embellishments as i did! or maybe there's a middle ground somewhere between those two, to which you'd like to stake a claim? whatever you do, i GUARANTEE i will love coming to see it when you link it up at ♥JINGLE BELLES♥ between now and next wednesday, april 18th! have fun, darlings! ♥
Ben and Jasmine are our heroes in this fight against a parasitic plague of ‘crawlers’, horrific creatures that swarm the Barbican Theatre in London (the wonderful setting for this story) and take over the mind of their human host. Teamed with only their quick thinking and dysfunctional school friends, Ben and Jasmine have a matter of hours to escape the crawlers and their Queen, whose simple wish is to control the mind of every human on the planet.
….because this Life is so unkind.
It's all happened in the last 7/8 weeks or so so I hope to see you there, I'll blog a bit more about what we want to do with the site(aside from make money) when I get time.
Truth Storm (version that was embedded into SpiritualMessiahMinistries.com, but may not end up being the main forum.)
This was the first time we visited Parrot Mountain and Gardens. What a wonderful place. Hundreds and hundreds of tropical birds. I was so enchanted by the birds, I didn’t fully take in the tropical vegetation and the cottages.
It's been a funny past week. Mom and Dad decided to have a storm shelter installed as we don't really have any safe room in our house. The shelter is an underground one and goes in the garage. They were supposed to come last Wednesday, no show, said they would be here Thursday, no show, same on Friday and Monday. Dad eventually had to go into the store and demand the cell phone number of the person who was supposed to install it and he said he would do it this Wednesday - of coarse it is supposed to rain for the next three days and even though it is the garage Mom is pretty sure they will use the rain as an excuse not to turn up again. Mom and Dad are NOT at all happy with this company but they are only ones that provide shelters in our area and Mom is watching tornado warnings right at this moment as I paw this post. We will see if anyone turns up tomorrow for me to bark at.
During our morning meeting with our teddy bears, each child told something about their bear. They dictated the information to me to write on a chart. We then discussed using uppercase letters at the beginning of a sentence and when writing some one's special name. I drew a square around those words. We also talked about a period at the end of a sentence and circled those. The word bear was underlined in each sentence.
Accessories: Spellbinder's Cross, Sewing Machine, Spellbinder's Label 10, Heat Embossing equipment and gold EF, Brilliance Gold Ink for sponging, CB EF, Ribbon and Gold Half Pearls from my stash
These Maraschino spacers turned out to be sometimes transparent and sometimes like an encased bead. The bead on the upper right looks to be somewhat opaque. What you get seems to be kind of random - I haven't yet figured out the specific temperature or flame environment that causes the opacity to come out in any of these types of reds. I've had similar reactions with Lauscha's transparent reds.
Thank you so much for bringing Noelle with you, Uncle Mike. She's a fun girl!
I follow a lot of other people’s blogs. So many in fact that, considering the narrow window allowed by my physical ailments and this hunk-o-junk PC, most days I don’t even get around to posting for my own. But my lack of posting can’t really be explained away with a simple “I don’t have the time.” You see, some of your posts are so revealing of your inner feelings that they remind me of the early days of my own blog, when I felt free to speak my mind because I didn’t think anyone would ever actually read what I’d written – anyone, that is, whose opinion I cared about.
b) post about them
him... my mind rewinds over time to realize mistrust
That’s what I got myself into.
Ash 1st Grade: Ash had a great time with Time4Learning. She was able to really expand her phonics/reading, and math skills in a fun and interactive way. Again, the lessons are presented to the kids on a homepage and they are marked off with stars and arrows as to what is completed and what still needs to be done. This was a great way for Ash to see where she was at and where she needed to go without me constantly over her shoulder. We chose to focus mainly on the language arts, as this is an area Ash needs the most work. She did do some of the math lessons as well and really had fun with them. She was able to complete her first computer generated quiz with much success. Ash was very proud, as was I. We started out with a review of letter sounds in a game called dunk the bug. This was really cute and Ash did really well. The sound was given and Ash had to find which bug made that sound, then she was to place the bug in the dunk tank. This was a big hit. I knew this would be review for her, so it was a little easy, but it was a great way to get familiar with how the program worked. This game held her interest for some time. We then moved on to phonics training. This is set up like a little boot camp with a Sargent in charge. This lesson went through short vowel sounds and reading words. The Sargent would blow his whistle each time Ash made a correct choice. The lesson focused on blending sounds and moved quickly into reading the words. Another great lesson Ash enjoyed was the space man. In this lesson Ash had to aim the space man towards the correct word on the asteroids. She did great with this and had such a fun time. All of the lessons were very colorful, clear in the directions, and interactive.
For the follower of Christ, liberal or conservative, church cannot be separated from anything. Separating church and state to keep the government out of regulating religion and keep religion from forcing itself on citizens is appropriate. But when we invoke the concept in an effort to reconcile incongruities in our politics and faith, it is dangerously misapplied.
The MIGHTY OF MIGHTIES is so grand we must go through spirits, the Abosom. They are all around us in nature. In the wind, rivers, oceans, streams, trees, mountains, rocks and animals. They bless us and protect us. They guide us through difficulties. For instance, Nana Tegare exposes evil doers and liars while Nana Esi Ketewaa protects children. We are all her children. The children of the African Diaspora are watched over by Nana Asuo Gyebi and it is he who helps us remember who we were, who we are and what we are to become.
I don’t know about you, but I’ve been trying to diminish the size of my ecological footprint. If my grocery shopping nets only a couple of items, I skip the bagging. If it’s an all-out full-stop grocery purchase, I take my shopping bags with me. It’s not easy living under the slogan, “Rinse, Re-use, Recycle,” but I really think its worth the effort.
The Mayor and Transport for London have said for a while now that in principle they are in favour of Ajit’s proposals to reopen abandoned & disused Tube Stations, provided he presents suitably detailed and properly funded plans. Well now Ajit has, starting with funded plans for purchasing of the disused Brompton Road London Underground Station.
I just saw some pictures on a blog of children blowing bubbles. It brought back good memories of when my niece and nephew were small. In fact, I am still smiling now.
1b. Military Press 5 x 5
3 Nurse With Wound - Astral Dustbin Dirge (Basic Track)
Calliope is certainly a Whedonesque character, ready to bombard her enemies (family, friends, the pizza delivery guy) with a stream of sarcastic quips. Benson isn't as skilled with such dialogue as Whedon (Wayne's World was like 20 years ago -- nobody says, "Not!" anymore) but she still manages to make the text 80% witty by volume. Calliope also spends the bulk of the novel horny -- any time she encounters a being with something resembling a penis, her first instinct is to wonder if she has any chance of getting laid. Yet, despite being an apparently attractive young woman, she doesn't seem to've had a sexual encounter in recent memory, and her luck doesn't really change in the course of this story.
What’s a girl to do? I grabbed my computer bag, ready to do battle with the bulge. With great fear and trepidation, I grabbed the bag, opened it and was shocked to see it didn’t need cleaned out.
Our daughter and her family live in upstate New York so after our visit with them
The day, divine
But they are Already Being Murdered, or hadn't he noticed?
6. in a metal or copper bowl, whisk egg whites until soft peaks form
by: Jonathan Benson
Just to see if you’d be free this afternoon
11. took a day trip to Malmö, Sweden. Very cute town. Lots of park. Windmill was cool, but the castle there didn’t look like much. I had Indian food for lunch, and it tasted so good! I miss exotic food! Also did a chocolate tasting. It was an experience.
Air Force Academy
So we boarded our ship on Sunday, February 7th, which was also Super Bowl Sunday. The following pictures are from around the ship from our sailing days (when we didn't get off the ship...which were Sunday, Monday & Saturday).
There's an old kids' TV show called Tracy Beaker here in England in which Ciaran Joyce plays a chavvy fuck who goes around playing 'hilarious' 'pranks' on the other kids in his orphanage. I couldn't take him at all seriously in this, playing would-be hard nut Bingo. Amy Harvey is the least irritating person in the film, and even she is fairly irritating.
that drive
When Paula became VP of Marketing for Disneyland Resort, she asked me to be the consultant on her search for a new agency. I told her I'd never done anything like that, and she said, "I think you can do it. Why wouldn't you?" We developed the strategy, created the assignment and went to the agencies pitching the business together. I remember flying with her to see some agencies in San Francisco on a morning with 75 mph winds in Northern California. The plane was buffeted around, sometimes pretty violently, from about ten minutes into the flight until we landed. Paula, who was not crazy about flying in the first place, had my hand in a vise grip the entire time. The experience of being the creative consultant was exciting for many reasons, not the least of which was the chance to be working with her again.
“This is a huge industry with a tremendous economic impact in Alabama,” Guin said.
3. If someone gave you a check for $10,000, what would you do with it?
This retraction notice appeared in Mol Cell Biochem. 2003 Sep;251(1-2), 167:
Bafana Bafana have never been good enough to be world beaters and gliding through luck in the earlier years gave the impression that the squad is world-class. The time to work for the results came and there were no answers.The collective effort demanded by the coach to ensure the team’s readiness for tournaments ahead will be a chorus he will sing until he enters the job market soon, probably because of his hoarse voice and SAFA will be seeking for more melodious vocal chords to sing the same tune.
tights with "garters with bows"
In order to produce the WPS program, WPL lawfully acquired copies of the Learning Edition of the SAS System, which were supplied under licences limiting the rights of the licensee to non-production purposes. WPL used and studied those programs in order to understand their functioning but there is nothing to suggest that WPL had access to or copied the source code of the SAS components.
Are you discouraged or frustrated because your husband, although saved, is neglecting his relationship with God and has, subsequently, been miserable and taking it out on you? Again, pray for God to intervene in this. Maybe your husband isn't saved. Instead of preaching and nagging him about coming to church with you, pray that God would soften his heart towards Him and prepare Him for acceptance of His gift.
05. Bluegrass Breakdown
LOVE THE NEW LOOK!!! Can't wait to hear all about your trip. Are you going to try the "routine" like Monica and Ross did on the show? I'll be that would impress her.
The new timeline opens new unexpected vistas. There is room for imagination, as Anne Shirley would say.
Reservoirs west of Ward Creek belong to the Granby Ditch and Reservoir Company. Some of this water is brought by a ditch from Dirty George Creek to Ward Creek.
I am glad that I have retained the urge to still be curious, to know how the things I use every day were crafted and where. Remembering with each touch to be thankful – that Fairtrade Guatamalan coffee, the unbleached sugar, the local milk. My meat and vegetables from a farm 5 miles away. Shopping in awareness. Will what I buy nourish me, or just be a ‘quick fix’ that leaves only emptiness? And this can be done – the cost of a McDonalds burger meal would buy a small packet of farmshop burgers, a sack of potatoes and bread fixings. It would feed more, for longer, and be infinitely more tasty.
What tarot has told me so far is: Something or someone lured Isabella out of bed. She was carried. If human, the person is someone she knows or her family knows. The Seven of Wands says a previous relationship/connection.–Alluring or A lure, proposal, gift, money.
I think you will agree that this is a fascinating painting, full of mystery and interest. I love its richness and depth, colour and texture, and its history, a little window into a very colourful period of English history, a time of great turmoil but also of great learning and art, with the birth of the modern age. I hope a have created a rich tribute!
Smokey Robinson &The Miracles Tears of a clown US
It wasn’t always so, but I really do like to go out clubbing. When first I ventured forth into Ottawa’s gay dance clubs (or was dragged….thanks, Steve C.) I would require serious amounts of tequila just to screw up the courage to shake my money maker. But with perseverance and time, my inhibitions have largely departed, letting me simply enjoy the thrum of the music without much need for the crutch of booze. Now the booze is just a nice diversion.
I sure am a boring person without cigarettes. I'm like dull Jane sitting here behind the computer. I've even made more coffee to liven myself up with. Mostly I've been sitting here caught in thought and not even thinking anything of importance. I'm so easily distracted from what I'm doing. It's one way to spend the early morning hours.
Tips Number One - Trace each shape accurately onto freezer paper, use a Stanley knife to form a placement template for positioning the windows and door.
All around the country, it may seem like our calendars are deceiving us. It is only March but there is the growing feeling that SPRING IS JUST AROUND THE CORNER! Here at
I was one of the four original developers of the SAND and we all agreed that both a great openness to the varieties of nondual expressions was needed along with the stabilizing presence of scientifically valid approaches. We don’t want it to turn into a New Age Nonduality Faire. SAND is about quality, substance, and freedom and diversity of expression. What you’ll see more of, I hope, is interactivity between speaker and audience and more experiential opportunities.
When I was working with K and the kids over the course of several months, I learned a lot. Let me give you an example.
actually, if it hadn't been for her my love for sewing very likely may not have been reignited in my early 20's. thank you, amy and gypsy caravan!
In a heavy-bottomed pot or Dutch oven, melt the butter and saute the bacon and shallots on medium-low heat for 10 minutes, until the shallots are translucent but not browned. Add the rice and stir to coat the grains with butter. Add the wine and cook for 2 minutes. Add 2 full ladles of stock to the rice plus the saffron, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Stir, and simmer until the stock is absorbed, 5 to 10 minutes. Continue to add the stock, 2 ladles at a time, stirring every few minutes. Each time, cook until the mixture seems a little dry, then add more stock. Continue until the rice is cooked through, but still al dente, about 30 minutes total. Off the heat, add the roasted squash cubes and Parmesan cheese. Mix well and serve.
Dressing is optional. I like to squeeze some lime juice and add salt and pepper. I think a light vinaigrette would also work.
Ginger Soda
If you are funny like my uncle you will make fun of me for generalizing "the coast" since I am on an island....hence, surrounded by coasts : )
Lastly, I write this for me. Walt Whitman sang the song of himself and so do I. What in the name of the American Dream is wrong with that?
Wilkins JR, Koutras RA. Paternal occupation and brain cancer on offspring: A mortality based case-control study. Am J Ind Med 1988; 14: 299-318.
This cute movie stars Mila Kunis of “That 70s Show” fame and Justin ‘Bringing-Sexy-Back-Every-Damn-Day’ Timberlake.
We might be able to further separate these borderlands then into positive and negative. On the positive side we might have "dreams," "shore," and "edge." On the negative side we have "crater" (as an image of damage), and "drowning girl," "soldiers waiting to die."
Processed food like white sugar or white flour converts much faster than a whole grain or whole fruit and vegetables. The reason is that the whole grain is complex and the body takes much longer to digest it and break it down. I know that it's elementary, but here is one step further in the process:
Love ya
Over the past two months, Treasury has engaged in a vigorous dialogue with the Times - from the reporters writing the story to the D.C. Bureau Chief and all the way up to you. It should also be noted that the co-chairmen of the bipartisan 9-11 Commission, Governor Tom Kean and Congressman Lee Hamilton, met in person or placed calls to the very highest levels of the Times urging the paper not to publish the story. Members of Congress, senior U.S. Government officials and well-respected legal authorities from both sides of the aisle also asked the paper not to publish or supported the legality and validity of the program.
I kid you not, that’s EXACTLY what he said.
Add chickpeas and tomatoes and stir.
This has the player not looking through at the world thru a first person perspective, but from above, the "just below the sky" level of viewpoint. The player uses a mouse pointer to choose a worker, or workers, who then build buildings, which then make soldiers and tanks and planes, which then proceed to kill off enemy units and destroy enemy buildings.
Can you believe that the Pope, the world’s defender and number one promoter of the doctrines of compassion, love and equality, has ordered the formal reprimand of Catholic nuns for spending too much time on addressing the issues of poverty and social justice and not enough time on abortion and gay marriage?
Before closing my eyes, I whisper to Marianne, “Ikaw ang lahat sa akin“. She lifts her head from my chest, smiles, and replies “mahal na mahal kita“. Sweet lies told in a humid darkness. I kiss her salty lips, and enjoy one last time.
The Madness of King George (Ken Adam; Carolyn Scott)
Rogue XS Old Crustacean Barley Wine (2009) Circa 11%
So last night, I took Cookie out on the lunge line and let her do some work with the saddle on her back.
they both feel
Miami police chief Miguel Exposito, Miami-Dade police director James Loftus, Miami mayor Tomas Regaldo and Miami-Dade mayor Carlos Alvarez have responded to the scene. Deputy US marshal Barry Golden is also on the scene.
Many, many Daffodils
31 work
Okay, I realize that multiple things I listed do actually take batteries, but I'm talking toys here, not baby gear. I am trying hard to keep those types of toys out of the house, but I know in the long run it will be a futile effort. As a friend told me, the first year people buy cute clothes and books to impress the mom...and starting with the one year birthday people buy loud flashy toys to impress the kid. But until then, hopefully she can survive without Baby's First Singing and Talking Laptop.
■Choice of one: P90X, Insanity or TurboFire
Clinging to a past that doesn't let me choose
The upper Madre de Dios region where the tribe lives has been affected by logging, she said. “They are removing wood very close.”
Several days later, he quietly passed back the papers. I didn’t get mine back. As he returned to the podium, he just look blankly at me and said, “I need to see you, Miss Mendenhall, after class, if that is ok with you.” I sheepishly nodded my head. I was in deep shit. I could just tell. My topic was going to get me an F, and I was going to be sent to the dean. I just knew it.
Anyway
Tell the Gods your plans and listen to them laugh.
they are the stand-ins for
"Are you happy with the service you get over there?"
Hey Zeus my man, you are leaving me with very little direction, ants or no ants, when you very well know the in-laws are making their way towards South Africa practically as I write. You know they have packed their fridge down in case I refuse to feed them, or Africa is completely void of anything eatable, which of course is an understandable, rational belief. Yup. You know.
I was filled with anxiety through the explanation from the doctor...and I found myself swallowing hard and holding back tears. But, Faith has been a fighter from the minute she was born. Her will to thrive is unmatched and I know that will shine through in light of this new diagnosis as well.
From behind the Dark lashes
I’m told that falsification is naive as a criterion for good science, and that scientists no longer accept or use that as a criterion. Some assert that, in contrast, a good scientific theory is one that best explains the data we have. But it seems to me that this is equivalent to falsifiability, for a theory that best explains the data we have could be shown not to explain the data we have.
A traditional summer drink which we often prepare at home any time a year.
Any attempt to change the chemical constituents of your body will be resisted. Because, as the name implies, a homeostatic system is static. It wants to remain as nature intended.
We are exact opposite, antonyms from each other, maybe reciprocates one another.
This exercise is designed to help regulate the CO2 levels in the body. It doesn’t give the same quick fix as an inhaler, but it can turn an asthma attack around if you start it early enough. By pausing before you inhale, you give the body a chance to slow down and build up the level of carbon dioxide. An overbreather may find this to be the hardest exercise of all. At the outset it may the difficult to pause for even a few seconds, but if you keep trying you will notice improvement, perhaps even during a single practice session. Eventually, the pause can extend up to 45 seconds or even longer.,
Answer: No. You can’t make me.
Sentiment - Whimsy.
Three Floyds Mikkeller Ruggoop (Rye Wine) 9.5%
1/4 cup light sour cream
a pot for my brushes. Up until now I've just kept them in a cup. I also got chocolates, flowers and lots of kisses and cuddles.
I taught two three-hour workshops at the college over the last two weeks. Putting my toe back into the ocean of work (outside the home) has caused my house to reduce to near rubble.
In addition to this, Soweto had 300 churches, 365 schools, 2 Technical Colleges, 8 clinics, 63 child day care centres, 11 Post Offices, and its own fruit and vegetable market.
This giveaway is only available to readers with a valid US shipping address. The giveaway is for the Through the Looking Glass necklace only and cannot be exchanged for something else.
Dr. Clark had an impact in a number of areas in Christian ministry and thought. He is the primary developer of the rational school of presuppositional apologetics. Although the term presuppositionalism is most often associated with Van Til’s system a strong argument could be made that it is Clark’s version that has had the biggest practical influence on modern evangelical apologetics.
and out through her pores. Yes! Yes!
- Potatoes Au Gratin w/ Smoked Bacon
For my website I wish to be more modern, clean, and simple so my work isn’t overshadowed by design and a theme which could narrow how my work is seen. My mock up website suited the dark and moody images I took for the assignment of ‘Spanish Sahara’ -photos to writing of our choosing- but I’m now using a white background with crisp writing so my images explain my work all by themselves.
eyes made in place of eyes
He began submitting short stories to literary periodicals. His first published story, ‘Aftermath of a Lengthy Rejection Slip,’ was published when he was 24.’ Failing to break into the literary world, Bukowski grew disillusioned with the publication process and quit writing for almost a decade, a time that he referred to as a ‘ten-year drunk.’ These ‘lost years’ formed the basis for his later autobiographical chronicles, although the veracity of his accounts has frequently been called into question.
Kennington Parish Council chairman Peter Biggs said: “It was a tip before and it is good use of the land to put homes on it.
and forthwith said mortgage company had begun said process with an intent to
As I've written about before, the words came to me while driving to work, listening to a song about not letting the colors and moments of life slip away. God spoke to me through the song that morning, and a peace came about me as I realized what I wanted to say.
you’ve prayed once or twice and decided nobody is there
Just some interesting facts from Twitter:
I got to go to church here in Atlanta this morning and it was like a slice of heaven. The worship and music were off the charts and the preaching was dynamic. I felt like I could be lifted up any second. God is so good and He is bringing me through so much these past few weeks. Fighting with pain is exhausting. I feel guilty mentioning it because some of my sweet friends have it much worse than me. At least I can go to work everyday and at times I do get some relief from the pain. Wednesday my anti-inflammatory will be back in stock and I will be a happy girl to get back on my medicine. It has been back ordered for weeks and the doctor tried me on another type and I'm probably repeating myself, but the indigestion was horrible. I only took it 3 days and back to same old, same old. Thank the Lord He has given people the wisdom to discover what can help suffering.
The change is coming I can never go back…
Now, I know few people pursue these extreme sports – I think these people must have a gene for thrill-seeking which I obviously don’t have. I also assume they have a lot more money than I ever had. I think we all resent beautiful, rich, jetsetters, unless we’re beautiful and rich, so that’s not the resentment I’m talking about.
It is strange how all, or most of the ANC dignitaries had their schooling in SA under the "bad old Bantu education system", yet they all have obtained degrees at reputable Universities:
The Beginner's Goodbye ~ by Anne Tyler, 2012, fiction
That question is at the heart of Je t'aime, je t'aime. The film's minimal sci-fi story provides a framework and a clever conceptual container for Resnais' consideration of the nature of memory. As Claude hurtles through time, each memory he encounters might or might not provide additional context for the scenes that surround it, sometimes completely altering the understanding of another memory or casting other memories in a different light, at other times existing independently as self-contained stories or scenes. It's a film that acknowledges that a life can seldom be completely understood, and that the retrospective filter of memory can provide many different vantage points on that life. Its construction, a parallel for the process and artistry of filmmakers, suggests that we're all filmmakers and artists in our own minds, that the life stories we construct for ourselves are mental films, scenes projected in endless loops, moments edited together into semi-coherent assemblages that don't tell stories so much as replay emotional highlight reels.
Tomorrow I'm going to make green rice for our traditional Sunday dinner. Generally that involves my dad grilling outside, my sisters' amazing pies or cakes, and everything that is good about food. I'll post the green rice recipe tomorrow and then maybe later on next week I'll get back to some more recipes once I'm back in IN.
Toppings of your choice
I just got home from the Lion in the Sun event—which was so much fun—and I wanted to share with you one of the tips my co-panelists brought up.
The rays of the sun dancing upon your breasts I rest my head between them. I hear the rhythmic pounding of your heart in unison with my thrusts.
THE NIGHT THE GOP GOT SOUL
Burgess Meredith (Grumpier Old Men)
The winner will get to choose between the 'girl' prize or the 'boy' prize. Just let me know which you would prefer.
The stunning drive over the first 4 stages would mean baring major mistakes or mechanical failure, the event was already Edwards’ to lose; often an uncomfortable position to be in, giving rise to the problem of going fast enough to maintain concentration yet not get into trouble. Relying on experience of his Fiesta Sport Trophy and Bulldog BRC Challenge win of almost a year ago, the 25 year old set off into the 7 mile Grizedale North test at a solid pace, and made use of his relative knowledge of the technical yet flowing stage to eek out another 11 seconds over all the chasing 1400 cars, with team mate Callum black also consolidating a fine 3rd for the 586 Sport team. A longer 10 mile test in Grizedale South now lay between Edwards and Collis before the return to service, and with loose stones pebbled across the stage making punctures a strong possibility from deviating off-line, a slower yet still rhythmical pace through the stage would see them safely through dropping just 4 seconds to Pinchin who now lay over a minute behind with a stage to go.
Personality wise..... they are very different though....
Mr. Stanton on the other hand was huge, dark, hairy and very unkempt. He probably had a very dirty workplace and this could account for his appearance somewhat and hygiene was a chore for they carried their water from a spring that was a far distance from their house.
How often Jews did those things is beside the point. The point is that their religion required those things, whereas now it does not.
Grab beer from fridge as you dial the on call nurse to determine if you need stitches. Give cat a treat as she is now sitting nicely and purring next to you on the kitchen floor while licking the blood from your face.
We headed eastwards next, dropping in for a quick one in The Dean Swift, near Tower Bridge. I was pleased to find Siberia on, a rhubarb saison from Ilkley Brewery, produced with the assistance of Melissa Cole. I loved this: lots of fresh and juicy red berry flavours on a light and quite dry base. The near-6% ABV is well hidden. The missus opted for Camden Ink, a keg stout though one mercifully served without nitro. It's an intensely heavy beer with lots of gorgeous roast grain on the nose. Tasting starts with a gentle caress of chocolate followed by a major jolt of espresso. I wouldn't say it's exactly sessionable, despite a very reasonable 4.4% ABV, but it is a beautiful example of how to do stout well.
Things begin to change
check out this nyt article about dr.john and his new cd about new orleans post katrina. but it's more than just that...(the article has 3 songs from the album) it's his musical questioning of the united states and how far we've strayed. i guess this paragraph from the article sums it up:
Me: Can I ask something? In all seriousness, can I ask you to do me a favor?
Apparently Chapman has answered that question for us and the archdiocese with this surprising announcement to St. Francis of Assisi parishioners found within the 12.18.11 parish bulletin:
And now she stood on the back door step, wishing there was a little more warmth in the wintery sun. As her fingers curled tightly round a mug of tea, she shuddered at the memory of her dream, the thought of those dark green leaves sliding over the bright red and orange tiles that gave such brightness to the kitchen.
When our actions demonstrate
Ok, this isn’t really fashion (but we do kind of love the Dr. Seuss onesies!)… it’s really just my adorable child making an adorable face.
long ago these youthful realities
And to my Lea, I look forward to the day that we can read this blog entry together and plan your very first acts of kindness adventure. I love you, and thank you for making me want to be the best person I can be.
Noble begins by saying the first problem the church has got to deal with is . . .
He was present the following day in better light, and even singing a little, but the House Sparrows that were feeding amongst the blossom seemed to want to give the summer visitor a hard time; they know better than to bother the Dunnocks.
Not sure why I couldn’t get the camera to clearly focus, but the pictures give you some idea of the boats. Interestingly enough, the reflections in the water are in perfect focus. Go figure!
Mitt Romney won the Rhode Island, Connecticut, Delaware, New York, and Pennsylvania Republican primary elections yesterday. A clean sweep or, as they say in the game of billiards, he ran the table.
What a wild one it was. Crushing funnels, doing keg stands, pounding brews…and passing out before 10 p.m. on both, Friday and Saturday night. I wasn’t mad either because for the few hours I was awake, I had a blast. From what I remember my Fred Fest experience started around 6 p.m. on Thursday (I skipped my last class…not ashamed) I meandered over to T.K.’s place on Main Street and the beer began flowing. Funneling Genny Creamers for days. I then went over to BJ’s (for a very brief time) to check out the first night of BJ’s Fest. From there I proceeded to my favorite drunk eatery, Pizza Wings and Things, ordered a chicken finger sub, ate half of it, and passed out wearing all of my clothes…including my shoes. Solid night.
Once the Korean Glass Noodle is cooked,
“You are being ridiculous.”
Six men were charged and appeared at Aylesbury Crown Court, sitting at Amersham on Friday, March 30, for a preliminary hearing and were all remanded in custody.
The key to them all, he says, is the quality of the interaction, and the quality of the information and comment. Simple! I wish I could do it as well as him…
But the obscure stuff—like Queen Ranavalona to your average American—is stuff that doesn't belong in the core set.
Why is it OK to expect the person you share your life with to give you a cheery thumbs up when you rock up at home after a drunken night out, with Angelina Jolie* in tow and announce that you're just off upstairs to do the wild thing? It just wouldn't wash if it was Brenda from next-door-but-one, would it?
Fast forward to yesterday. Everyone helped out by keeping an eye on Erin. Any time I went to look at her, she stopped what she was doing so I followed my instincts & walked away. A while later, Candy & Grace came to let me know that Erin was swimming & doing a really good job of it too. I went to peek at her & all of a sudden she wanted to show me so I watched (with my heart in my throat) & WOW!! The girl can swim! Well! I could barely get Erin out of the pool to eat lunch & she sure didn't want to leave to go home.
This recipe makes a boat load of cookies- a whopping 8 dozen! I cut the recipe in half and made about 4 dozen large cookies, still quite a bit for sharing. I chose to add Spring colored M&M's to my dough but you could also use chocolate or butterscotch chips. The thing is, the dough is so flavorful I'd be happy without the added bursts of chocolate. And when have you ever heard me say that? These cookies were crisp on the outside and had a slight chew in the center. I liked them a minute or two underbaked for a chewier cookie. They were excellent with a tall glass of ice cold milk.
17. Flute and skin (00:55)
This Spring will be hectic for us as we add a new addition to the family... but that doesn't mean we'll be slacking on the must-have Spring Cleaning!! Yay!!
10AM – get up. eat some more.
mind eraser .... head hunter ... sleep walker
Our aura reflects our health, mental activity and emotional state. It also shows disease ~ often long before the onset of symptoms.
to earth unspent
Detail, as I said, abounds. Under the heading ‘Refuse Stuffe at westminster in the Chardge of James Rufforth’ there is a wonderful entry concerning the ‘carrying chairs’ in which Henry, towards the end of his life when his ulcerated legs gave him great pain, was carried about his palaces (pity the sweating, straining men who did the carrying!):
The fronts of them were oak, and the rest of them were FAKE WOOD.
VOICE OF ZIMMERMAN: Black.
Angkor was astounding, life changing, and I get to go again over Christmas.
It is for us to Resist.
This time I swore the kids to secrecy--they were absolutely *not* to tell Papa, as I didn't think the poor man needed a heart attack for his fortieth birthday (yes-- Tanuki was brought home in the middle of cake and dinner preparations. As ye sow, so shall ye reap.)
My Modern Mini Challenge quilt is finished, but since the submission date isn't until March 5th, a teaser will have to suffice for now. ;-) I love how it turned out. Bright and cheerful and feels like spring to me. If you haven't considered joining yet, there's still time! Awesome prizes too....
“I believe she did say something about H.E.”
I know the leaking shower is just a mundane household nightmare with an end point, but that point is nowhere in sight. Besides, my anger over the shower is only a metaphor for how I feel about all my perceived inadequacies. I thought I was starting to get a step up on my crisis in confidence, but today's outburst just washed it all away. All I can do now is start rebuilding.
Then there’s my glasses… yes, such a SMALL factor in life… is SO irritating. When I work out, they’re falling off my face. When I’m outside for recess, I feel the sweat building underneath them. When I go outside to drive, etc, I have to switch to my prescription sunglasses. When I lay down, they become crooked.
All of this project -- which is still "on going" -- is time consuming, but somewhat enjoyable. Much of what is being "cleared", is hauled to the back lot & burned at the fire pit, as I load up the cart & haul it there.
6) DO get all 3 photos taken and pick 'the best' one.
Over the years there has been a raging debate in the world society of late regarding the cousin and same clan marriages. The south Asian societies usually had a traditional system where it was avoided to be married into one’s own clan and that too of your mother, thereby propagating conventional wisdom that cousin marriages are absolutely NO-NO.
Since its inception, the IFMCA has grown to comprise over 50 members from countries as diverse as Australia, Belgium, Canada, Cyprus, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and the United States of America.
So what are you doing, Snooker? is a question I often ask myself. Yeah, I'm living pretty well, but only because I ran. I am part of a US binational same-sex couple who had the money and ability to simply move away from the situation and now the whole anti-gay thing doesn't have so much of a grip on me.
Then, I finally walked away from the freaking computer and left the house. Finally!
Suuuuuuuuuuuuuch a painful end to a game. We did try to figure out if we had any chance of making it had I killed the centurion though, and it looked like we still would’ve lost, so that’s a bit of a consolation.
I think that’s all for my to do list.
love to you all....
I deal with tenants everyday. I can handle someone pushing for a w/d when we can't give it to them.
“But then I don’t feel the same kind of pressure to keep up with trends.”
What are your plans for New Years Eve? While I love a good party, I prefer New Years Eve gatherings to be somewhat intimate. I don't know if I'm just getting sentimental in my old age but the beginning of a New Year is a big deal to me. I love making resolutions/goals. I love celebrating the year past & looking forward to the year ahead. I guess that's why I prefer a smaller gathering.
How to eat them: Carrot Raisin Muffins
Macquarie University is about discovery, learning and participation in a borderless world.
this is the cover. go here to see a slide show of the entire calendar. or you can click on the image above to go to the cover on flickr, which will allow you to click through my photostream to see the rest. but i recommend the slide show link, because you will be able to hit a play button or just scroll through at your own leisure, and you will be able to view them on a black background, which is a little nicer than just the regular flickr page.
So then, the police look into police misconduct and find that nobody outside the police need be involved in future. In other news, a gang of convicted child abusers say they don't need CRB checks when applying for jobs.
Paxos remains as hospitable as ever; there's a quirky side to life but that's part of the charm. The hoik in the price of most things is less charming. So, so expensive. A 13% tax on food seems iniquitous. The 'Greek in the street' seems very angry indeed about the state of affairs and are quite clear about who and what is to blame.
My argument, though I botched my explanation at the time, is that games have incredible untapped potential in the field of negative emotions. Just as the lowest common denominator of any art form appeals to ‘positive’ emotions, whether it’s humour, arousal or excitement, so it is that our young games industry is obsessed with the idea of ‘fun’.
After this was written, my brother stopped over to check on me and I read it to him. I remember we stood outside leaning against his car. I could not look at him while I read it. And when I was done, he said ”So, what’s your plan B for who’s going to read it.”
and he had difficulties to stand upright
Meanwhile, Republican leaders in the House and Senate had no reaction to the poverty report. But earlier in the week, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) took the Senate floor to argue for extending the tax breaks to everyone, saying, “We can’t let the people who have been hit hardest by this recession and who we need to create jobs to get us out of it” be subject to a tax increase.
Once success is achieved, do you take a break? Alternatively, t is imperative you don’t rest on triumph, but continue building. Excellence is more of a habit than a skill and takes daily practice.
At home, I’m sitting on the stairs after my big ceremony. I’ve been confirmed but not affirmed. We arrive to an empty house. No dinner. No cake. No one’s there. I’m so alone. I feel this space gaping wide and wider still. Mom walks up to me with the one hundred dollars. Here’s your money. Remember our deal. Just the money. I look at the money. No card. No friendly faces. I’m sitting alone in my white dress. My piled up and sprayed-still hair is wilting. The curls stretch out on one side more than the other. The hair pins press against my scalp but I don’t take them out. No one is here. Mom’s gone. Did she know how I felt? I prostituted myself for one hundred dollars, and she made the deal.
For all the progress in recent years, the health of the Upper Colorado River ecosystem will continue to decline unless further protections are put in place to address looming impacts from two new Front Range diversion projects, Denver’s Moffat Tunnel expansion and Northern’s Windy Gap Firming Project. Nickum noted that EPA recently issued recommendations that supported Grand County and TU’s case for stronger mitigation on the Windy Gap Firming Project.
The producers might say, if it aint broke don’t fix it, but they were the ones that brought Sean Pertwee in to do the voiceovers, unsettling the delicate balance of the Masterchef eco-system, so I’m going to suggest one little change…
He was covered in blood and attempted to run from officers when they approached him.
Although he is now almost full grown at twelve pounds, he is still crazy cute and probably the most personable cat I have ever owned. While he likes the big cats, he loves people and follows us around chatting all the time, begging us to play fetch or looking out the window guarding us from invaders.
5. Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy – It is one thing to follow the twists and turns of this film’s plot, but even more compelling is to focus on the characters. Who are these men who live in a world of secrecy and lies? What motivates them and who if anyone can they trust? Excellent direction and top notch cast (Oldman, Colin Firth, Toby Jones, Benedict Cumberbatch, Mark Strong, Tom Hardy) keep this taut thriller intriguing from beginning to end.
I woke from a nightmare about that itself. Trayvon's parents cannot wake up from their nightmare. Every time I imagine Dakota as Trayvon, lying with his hands and arms underneath him, face down on the concrete, his snacks scattered around him, the horror and a terrible fury grow. I imagine the police telling Trayvon's parents that he was shot to death and then trying to explain to them why they are DOING NOTHING, and I feel a disbelief and rage. I imagine the man who shot my son watching TV. Drinking a beer. Masturbating. Waking in the morning in his sheets and comforter. Just days after he shot my teenage son in the chest for walking down the street.
Power House - Diesel Oil Stout, Columbus
CD: Do many people from overseas come then?
but I think you will find
GefenPRO 8×8 DVI DL Matrix
GATOR BAIT
I've been always a great style admirer of Grace Kelly's granddaughter, Charlotte Casirgahi. Once described as "the young Brigitte Bardot" by Karl, Charlotte seems to be what many girls try: A timeless beauty with a taste you can't mistake but to love it.
A few hours later the cardiac team came to discuss Nora’s echo and EKG results. Basically, she has small ASDs and a medium sized VSD, neither of which would be causing her blue spells, nor do they require any immediate intervention if we were to decide to take that route. Our plan was to head home this evening with oxygen to have on hand should another episode arise. However, when we removed the oxygen it became quickly apparent that her little body couldn’t tolerate being without it. This came as quite a blow for me. She’d been doing so well, but turns out we’ve just traded one tube for another. I wondered out loud if we are simply just prolonging the inevitable for our own selfish reasons. I felt myself dangling from the thin wire I’ve precariously been balancing on for so long. In Jesus’s own words I internally screamed,” MY GOD, MY GOD, WHY HAVE YOU FORSAKEN ME?” Just as I was about to “let go” the door to our room slowly opened and in walked a woman. I sensed immediately that she was overcome with emotion, but also wore a glowing smile. She proceeded to tell us how she has been following our blog for several weeks now and just had to come in and meet us. As she embraced me, my tears continued to flow, but for a very different reason. She reminded me of my great faith, how God has NOT let us down thus far, and of the multitude of lives this tiny, feeble little baby is touching. She had just resuscitated my faith in that moment and I began to breathe again.
Blue Monkey is not deterred. How about Miss Nicole? What are we going to call Miss Nicole?..but then we see a turtle..and the concern for my name is quickly forgotten.
One of the things I find so alarming about the blog world is how "effortless" everything seems. The perfect life, the perfect babies, the perfect jobs and opportunities that fall into laps. Life isn't like that. No matter how much we try to sugarcoat it to make it seem like a fairytale, there are real struggles there. Daily ones. I know I mentioned a handful of posts ago that I find it so disheartening that there are so many women out there that refuse to speak openly (and honestly) about their journeys. Even privately! It seems as so many just want to keep their secret locked away so they're the only ones who are successful. Maybe it's a little naive of me to think of blogging as a community, because I'll gladly be the first to admit that not everyone is nice. But to be fair, building a business from the ground up isn't something that happens overnight and it's not something that everyone can get lucky on. It takes planning and budgeting and maybe even sobbing here and there. It's a little bit bigger than just starting a blog. The idea that you can "wish" your way into a successful business is kind of foolish. And maybe I'm just slightly bitter that there are women out there who operate under the 'guise of "helping you" and "teaching you what they know" because it doesn't take a rocket scientist to realize who is self-motivated and who isn't. Of course this isn't meant to point any fingers (and if you think it's about you then you should have talk with yourself), because it's about no one specific. Just the general air of blogging and owning a business.
Judging by some of the conversations surrounding the case, I’d say it still does.
Sunday 9:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.
"I don't need to do anything?"
and now the statement works, so they can discard these cards and go again.
I think it is safe to assume that mathematics is a universal language. Although we all possess the ability to be literate in mathematics, not everyone has an aptitude for the subject. Any kid who dislikes mathematics (or school for that matter) will find any excuse not to study that subject, or any reason not to go to school at all!
There was a point where I was exhausted, fed up with the more than two years of attacks. Wayne and I were going into the market to get something for lunch and I remember asking, “How long do you think this is going to go on?”
Eternal occupations and wars equal an eternal revenue stream for the military industrial complex (MIC).
love giveaways. Each week I'll post giveaways that I think are awesome! I'm trying to catch any giveaway that has nail polish & I always post them on the Monday before they close. I figure some publicity towards the end of the entry period is a good idea, so don't worry that I've forgotten yours if I don't post it immediately! On the other hand, I know that I will occasionally miss a giveaway or two. If I miss yours, please know that it was accidental and nothing personal!
It begins with the sinus pain brought on by seasonal allergies. Today they were so bad that my teeth hurt from the pressure and I had to just lie down and close out the world. Children don't like to be closed out, though. There were nerf gun fights and Munchkin's ear piercing screams when she got shot in the eye by a nerf dart. Seriously, how do 10 year old girls even make that high pitched of a noise? There were children searching in vain for kittens that didn't want to be found and fighting over them once they were found. But eventually, some twist of fate smiled upon me (it's name was Claritin) and the pressure subsided allowing me to rise from the darkness and attempt to take on parenting again.
Yes, I bet few of you know that I'm not just a mom, but I'm actually a dentist in my free time.
Why do muscle relaxers make you drowsy? Is there an awake muscle that gets really relaxed?
Avoid watching comedy movies, reading comics, listening to jokes. From an early age, learn to scratch your wrist whenever you find something humorous. Do this repeatedly; burn it into your long-term muscle memory so that you eventually do it without conscious effort.
The image of life as an apple tree came to me. I have been so afraid, of the other people around the tree, and of the tree itself, that I have rushed at it, collided with it and bruised myself on it, snatched at it so that I carry away nothing, or a dry twig, or some dead leaves. Whereas I may walk to it. The other people around it wish me no ill, and are no threat. The angry and fearful voices are just wraiths. I may go to the tree, and find the apple which feels to me most beautiful- not that which my intellect assesses as best, but my mature emotional being. It is ripe, and if I touch it in the right way it will come off in my hand.
Read a lot and write a lot. Get feedback - always listen to this but only change your work if you're sure the change is one you want to make and that it will improve your writing. Feedback can come from a writing tutor or other professional or from writing group, either one you physically attend or online. Do these three things and you're bound to improve.
Chinese Water Torture is the popular name for a specific type of torture in which water is slowly dripped onto a person's forehead, driving the restrained victim insane. I imagine it was very effective although the Chinese have clearly never read aloud to my children.
Beneath the Groucho glasses
equally ludicrous points for the Cock House Cup
your price will be in the knowing
My Registered Nurse friend has suffered numerous depressions over the years, calling one of them “the year I was sick.” Yet, I endure loss after loss after loss after loss, including the loss of her support and friendship right in the midst of mourning my mother, the greatest of my losses. She has never even LOST a parent yet or another loved one to know the difference and once said to me of her brother who had lost his wife just a year prior to her voicing this to me: “He should be over that by now.” God Almighty. Why didn’t I hear those alarm bells?
Thank You, God. Thank You, God. Thank You, God.
Hitching- Ahh, hitchhiking! Yes, we as Americans think it's a scary horrible thing. However, in Malawi, it's perfectly safe and very common for Peace Coprs volunteers to do. The BEST thing about hitching... it's FREE!
Let's see what you have been working on!
Calderón did not help the cause by giving a thuddingly boring opening address. Calling on negotiators in Cancún to make progress in the interest of their children and grandchildren, he said that the "eyes of the world" were focused on the meeting. In an audience composed of mid-level UN officials and apparatchiks like Jane Davidson, the Welsh environmental minister, I doubt that there was a single soul who didn't know full well that the eyes of the world were glazed over at the thought of one more global warming summit.
Middle School Crush
anticipation as the Ecstasy starts to come on strong. Perhaps
Blossom (13) told me last night that she has been in fits of giggles at school trying to understand what her friends are saying. 'Random' was a catch-all word for just about everything, good, bad or ugly in Sydney; while in Perth her friends put 'Hell' in front of anything to mean the same thing:
Fabric: 35ct WDW Linen Straw
Isn’t it amazing how stress can cause various diseases? Since one of the major benefits of Hypnosis is a reduction in stress, it makes total sense that Hypnotherapy should work so well to aid those with Crohn’s disease.
How sweet is that? If you're married, what was your proposal story?
Finally! I finished my part on Bari's doll "Wynn" for Team Boneca (please read previous post on Team Puppe and "Rayne" as I am also a part of that team). Wynn had so many possibilities! The name "Wynn" as Bari stated was like "Pat" - you know, from Saturday Night Live? The doll could be either/or -- male or female. Wynn was more like a beautiful sculpture than a "doll". Long neckline, strong hands and the face was aged but you could see the past "life" of what could have been for Wynn. What to do with Wynn? She moved from living room to dining room for over a week before a decision was made. My husband said that Wynn looked like Mr. Hoggett from the movie "Babe". That was such a wonderful movie - you must see if you haven't. OK - so that is where Wynn began and well, it kinda got crazy!
Want to taste some of the nations best fish and chips? All you have to do is sign up for our Victoria Trip and head over to Red Fish Blue Fish on one of your free afternoons. There are only 7 spots left on our trip to Victoria, trust us… You do not want to miss out on this!
Inferno Burger 1/2lb burger patty seasoned with chili de arbol, chorizo, serrano, jalapeno, habanero, and, for good measure, red pepper flakes.Topped with roasted poblano strips and chipotle aioli. Served with fries.$14.95
Where has the time gone? I haven't blogged in a while and actually wasn't in the mood to do so anyway. But since we will be on vacation in a few days' time, I thought I'd have a look to prepare for our travelogue :) N is on her school break now, we still have a few days left at work. Then Friday we'll be off to the US! So stay tuned for pictures and reports!
1 Monolith 3:27
I created this space themed craftivity to reach those boys who sometimes get overlooked by other crafts. It's designed to be used as a bulletin board, but you can choose to display them however you wish.
The love story----Oh. My. Gosh. I felt as if my heart was going to break in almost every chapter. Can I please have Will to myself? Please please please?! That would be the best present ever. I think I love him--no, I know I love him.
I have no doubt that Sessions will read this and respond with a blistering, comprehensive, and well-written defense of his Douthat criticisms (and no, I’m not being sarcastic). I look forward to reading it and I will post a link to it whenever it pops up.
Necklace, Mudd - purchased on sale from Kohl's
Gӧteborg Ballet
My absolute favorite part was hanging with my dance floor bestie, Lauren. The PPK straight owned that dance floor. All I have is this really lame pic that doesn't quite capture the essence of the dance circle. And I'm still mad at myself for not starting a Soul Train line.
linnie
The majority of people I come into contact with, who are not Christians say he is a fairytale, a Alien, or a person created to control the masses.
Ok, so it's been an interesting week here.
Sony paid $1.29 billion for control of the company, which includes comprehensive cross-licensing agreements, and intends to rename the mobile company Sony Mobile Communications. The Ericsson deal was a necessary expense for Sony, as Hirai’s plan hinges on substantial strategy shifts, and some of these changes may only be possible with the buyout.
I like the look of these sheets -- the color and the flecks of green tea extracts make it feel all-natural.
Foo Fighters+
Physicians are similarly unenthused about the impact of Obamacare on their practices. As an op-ed in this morning’s USA Today notes, “many doctors are becoming wary of the law at a time when only one in three Americans support it.” The piece cites a recent Deloitte survey of physicians, which found that 83% of physicians believe Obamacare will increase wait times, while only 27% believe the law will reduce costs through efficiency savings.
Joined by Christian ethicist Glen Stassen, who delivered the symposium’s public lecture on the 10 practices of just peacemaking, we explored what resonated within the just peace framework as well as points for further discussion, reflection, and growth. What this framework aims to do, Stassen said, is to move us beyond the all-too-familiar debates into a new space that focuses on cultivating concrete practices for preventive peacebuilding.
Free pallets, cut in half, screwed together and painted with mis-tinted discount paint. Inside lined with landscape fabric (on clearance!). I mean really, who doesn’t love that shade of green!? And check out the blue poly barrel in the background- catching rain water!
Clothing collections are the hardest, but once on a roll they tend to develop a momentum and personality of their own.
Okay. I understand all that and I am incomprehensibly grateful. But I have harbored a life-long question about Easter, specifically about Easter eggs. Here goes. Why eggs? Where did the whole egg thing come from? I understand the symbolism for rebirth thing but technically, Jesus’ resurrection wasn’t a rebirth, but a return to life. I also know that it’s Springtime and all the babies are born in Spring, etc., etc., etc. But eggs? I have hens and they lay 5 days a week, almost 52 weeks out of the year. They don’t just lay eggs in the Spring… so that rules out the whole Spring thing being the reason for eggs.
Triterpene Alcohols – See Lanolin.
--Assertive women are bitches.
6. Bandit – 5:13
- Door may be locked indefinitely at an undetermined future date
Thirty minutes later. The Doctor wakes up in a boardroom with the Doctor Who production team. He gets up and throws his never-ending supply of jelly babies at each member of the production team until JNT agrees to do something about the logo.
Derema, the feesh-meister and I plan to move in eight months or so. This is NOT how we would conduct this move. Even the WORST move De and I wound up with- a twenty-four-hour hellride into her mother’s place- was more organized than that, and we were freaking panicking!
The festival committees have been hard at work planning the events, the vendors are all lined up to take their place behind their tables, the flyers and advertisements are being posted, and the people are starting to plan their days to make the most of the festivities. Like the flowers that bloom, and the buds that start to open on the trees, it is the new life that spring brings that breathes its energy into the towns.
and there are other times when he'll fall to pieces over something i'd categorize as no big deal – he'll drop a toy or take a tiny tumble and it'll end in a four alarm fire of cries.
After three years in the industry, this was my first field visit, and a dream come true. I will finally be able to meet members of the great organizations that we work with and shake hands with some of the clients that we work so hard to help. I was so excited to see it all with my own eyes and to share it all with you. Hope you stay tuned!
I wish the credit to whom I found a similar recipe used (altered by me) could be remembered- sorry, I forgot to bookmark it. So, the recipe below is a combination of my own experiments and what I saw on someones post.
He said the cabin was expensively furnished. Breathtakingly beautiful location and the cabin was state of the art made.
Large frying pan
Predator tank with autocannon and lascannon sponsons
I didn't really want to give away my copy of the Legend ARC. NO I DIDN'T! I wanted to be completely selfish and keep it for myself and croon over it, calling it my precious. But then again, I'm a big fan and supporter of Marie's and I know how a good ARC contest can really help spread the word on a good book. So in the name of friendship, I am holding this contest for one lucky winner.
American. So now that the punk versus prog wars have long
I sigh “I have some promotional campaigns to analysis today so I can look at future revenues."
You are very resilient souls and it seems remarkable to us that you have such a strong sense of survival. Your experiences have been very challenging yet you somehow see your way through. It is that which makes you very respected and admired, as that quality will see you put those experiences to good use when you work with evolving Beings. It is usual for ascended souls like you will shortly be, to seek opportunities to serve others. There are always new civilisations coming along, and the creators never cease bringing more into being. No one quite knows how many there are, and Space with its endless dimensions is teeming with life that goes on into infinity. Indeed the Supreme Creator is forever dreaming new life forms into existence, and these will follow a similar path of evolution to your own.
Episode 421 – “Bus Tour” – LESLIE’S LAST STAND — PAUL RUDD (“KNOCKED UP”) GUEST STARS. Leslie (Amy Poehler) goes on a bus tour for the final day of her campaign, and is caught off guard when an important person in Pawnee passes away. Meanwhile, Andy (Chris Pratt) susses out a security threat, and Chris (Rob Lowe) finds an unlikely cure for his depression. Rashida Jones, Nick Offerman, Aziz Ansari, Aubrey Plaza, Adam Scott, Retta, and Jim O’Heir also star.
In one way, I didn’t mind working to go to school. But in another way, it really made me feel not taken care of, like someone who was supposed to provide for me, didn’t.
The vorpal blade went snicker-snack!
LARRY: Did you do it here? ANNA: No. LARRY: Why not? ANNA: Do you wish we did? LARRY: Just tell me the truth. ANNA: Yes, we did it here. LARRY: Where? Anna points. ANNA: There. LARRY: On this. We had our first fuck on this. Did you think of me? LARRY: When? When did you do it here? LARRY: Answer the question! ANNA: This evening. LARRY: Did you cum? ANNA: Why are you doing this? LARRY: 'cause I want to know. ANNA: First he went down on me, and then we fucked. LARRY: Who was where? ANNA: I was on top, then he fucked me from behind. LARRY: And that's when you came the second time. ANNA: Why is the sex so important? LARRY: Because I'm a fucking caveman! LARRY: Did you touch yourself while he fucked you? ANNA: Yes. LARRY: You wank for him. ANNA: Sometimes. LARRY: And he does. ANNA: We do everything that people who have sex do! LARRY: You enjoy sucking him off. ANNA: Yes! LARRY: You like his cock. ANNA: I love his cock! LARRY: You like him cumming in your face. ANNA: Yes! LARRY: What does it taste like? ANNA: It tastes like you but sweeter!
The hard fall onto the concrete had broken Mrs. Schott’s shoulder, and she had spent the day at the hospital. A cast not being possible, she had to wear her arm in a sling.
RECOMMENDATION: High-tension horror movie aficionados should like this. Some people did not. This got a 6.4/10 on IMDB.
One Sydney-based international student said: “Australia is known for its tolerance and multi-culturalism. Yet there is still a tiny minority who discriminate against the international students, especially the younger people.”
Williams, now 54, will no longer be on parole after Monday. Jackson, 67, will for a robbery committed in 1970, Doucet said.
in. I think...so many people do it...it's ok. It's really not though, not for me.
Along the way, I have photographed birds by the mountain stream, in the subtropical forest, by the ocean and at abandoned fish/shrimp farm. Come see them at my other blog, The Amazing Birds.
Jx
LLR dissertation/project support:
“Push on!” Schuyler yelled to the rest of her rag-tag band. Several stayed behind to cover the rest–as they made their way deeper and deeper into the forest glen. Soon they would come upon an aggregated stone structure which used to be a subway tunnel–half-built about 150 years ago–but abandoned soon after.
In the second round, Megan and I stayed in a corner, shooting bombs from above which showered the boys with lasers whenever they came near us. It was very rewarding as afterwards, two boys had been hit at least 7 times each, and possibly other boys had too. Alex actually shot a lot of boys, and was named the “worst enemy” of two of the boys by the guy in charge. She came first out of all the girls in terms of points. Very impressive!
What Alanis Morissette and Glen Ballard didn’t realize sooner when they wrote the song ‘Ironic’ is that they should have discussed things first with the Oxford Dictionary. Unfortunately, the sweet melody and great acoustics of the song were overshadowed by the overwhelming critics saying that “ironically, the song Ironic does not have any ironies in it.”
1. Describe yourself in 7 words:
We’re looking forward to hearing from you!
- Dawn’s Pokedex
Before his illness he had certain things he liked and didn't like (don't we all). For example, like most men, he hated shopping but, much to his wife's delight, he'd forgotten this. He happily accompanied her and even said he enjoyed it. He had no recollection of the fact that he used to detest shopping and would normally stay at home or in the car during her frequent trips. I found this fact very interesting. It could be argued that the illness had changed him, but to me it demonstrated that maybe we condition ourselves to believe that we don't like doing certain things either from learned experiences or by internalising the opinions of others. How many times have you heard a man say he hates shopping! The perceived dislike stops us from doing certain things, but if we forgot about the processes that had brought about this belief then we could actually find that we enjoy what we thought we hated!
...I knew I better enjoy every single second while it lasted because as soon ask I got home, I'd see the laundry that hadn't been done, the bills that needed to be paid, and it would be time to referee time-outs and to be on diaper duty again. I knew the peace would be fleeting.
She always puts out such a yummy spread when we go there. My girls call her the hostess with the mostest :)
I am 34, my husband is 32 and our neighbour's daughter is 19. We have been married for 10 years. When I confronted him he broke down and admitted they have been having an affair for the past six months. He refuses to go to counselling. I'm afraid I am a wreck and need advice urgently. Can you please help?
Seriously. This happens ALL the time. The man isn't aware of where his cars are, where his drivers are or where his customers are.
from mere shadows,
Ruth Brown
“Jerod’s grades,” she answered, attempting to steady herself. She set both down, the simple white atop the dark yellow envelope.
The judge asserted that a call was made from Raipur’s mobile to the landline “probably intimating that the accused and Harpreet Kaur had reached Phagwara safely…”
So we can safely say that Yaqoob’s very first political act was to defend British terrorists. This is no surprise because ever since 1998 she has kept on defending Islamoterrorists, from Hamas to yet more home-grown jihadists.
Like this blog? Have any questions? Let me know in the comments below!
So I dabbed. And dabbed and dabbed and dabbed. And then I dabbed a little more. I liked it, but I decided it needed a little something extra. For those of you who follow Stellar Junk on Facebook, you *might* remember me complaining about my decision to handpaint white borders on 242 Moroccan "tiles"? Well, this was that project. If I was going to live with this in my house, I didn't want to walk past it every day and get annoyed that I didn't take the time to do it right and to ensure that I would love the finished product.
Anyhow, I made a playlist with the new songs. You can listen to it if you want to! Big Bang is a good band to start with kpop because they sound very western and they don't have that obvious Asian sound like most of the kpop or jpop bands.
I actually liked it in a way. It's new and different and I'm lucky to have them consider me worthy of their affection.
me? i'd pick the winner from which comment i thought deserved it :)
I think the hardest part is the waiting.
I don’t expect that sort of consideration from Cryptic and their Perfect World Entertainment masters. (But if they do, I’ll be sure to post on it in the interest of fairness. I’ll probably have snide remarks to add to that, though.)
Level 1: MP Cost: 30, Duration: 10 seconds, 37% chance to not get knocked back.
Someone want to explain to me how that works? LOL
This is a type of circuit breaker that code requires in new and remodel construction. Its job is to detect arcing, which has been shown to be a cause of fires. Normal circuit breakers will not always break when arcing occurs. If arcing is detected by the AFCI, the breaker trips, stopping the potentially dangerous arc.
Victor Emmitt Hammond (rogue, rope swinger)
So many great ideas running through my head. So much work to be done!
As a celebrity she feels she should set the right example.
Makes 4 pints (3 1/2 pints if you can't stop 'testing' it before you get it processed! ;P)
I've been quiet on here, but busy elsewhere. I've been doing quite a lot of exercise, and keeping active, and the calorie counting seems to be helping. - It's very slow and steady, and I'm not seeing radical results, but I'm noticing my clothes starting to feel looser. Hurrah!
As to the other important takeaway - it pertains how other countries react to the Kenyan decision. It would shock nobody if USTR's next 301 report mentions their 'disappointment' in Kenya's attitude towards IP rights. Hopefully other African countries though, view it through a more pragmatic lens - regarding the effect that such legislation can have on their people. Countries which produce generic drugs will of course hail the decision. And thus, the debate regarding the strength of IPRs regarding pharmaceutical products goes on. In the meantime though, no doubt, this decision will affect many many lives in Kenya quite positively, and hopefully also brings us closer to recognising our normative balance of priorities.
Knight then recommends “Principles to Remember” and provides two mini-case studies that illustrate them. To read the complete article, please click here.
Let's end the debate here. (As if!)
for you my friend
Prologue: Dramund Kass – Empire Home World – Level 10-16
Now, I’m not a psychologist….and I’m sure not a psychiatrist, but I do feel there are, what I call, “Simple Things” that we all have to do to remain sane during these crazy times. Yes, HAVE to do. A mandate, folks. Now, the Simple Things are completely up to the individual — different strokes for different folks. You may think that this Cheesehead from Wisconsin has gone all West Coast Woo Woo. And maybe I have. But, I’ll tell you what, my Simple Things are helping me to deal with this recession and keeping me sane.
Ahh, they grow up so quickly, those young ‘uns, don’t they?
Something you might know: Fernandez was most noted for his fielding ability. He won four straight Gold Gloves during the late 1980s. He also played for the Blue Jays on four separate occasions -- 1983-90, 1993, 1998-99 and 2001.
screenshot 4/24/2012 @ 615am CDT:
Still, life continued on between Loma Linda and Vegas for weekends, before we new it, Christmas popped up like a jack in the box... Scarlet got to meet Santa for the first time thanks to our wonderful Charity Stevens Hope for Children throwing the christmas party were heart buddies, Lexie and Zachary got to take pictures with scarlet and santa. Stevens hope also blessed us with a bag of presents from them, making our holidays perfect.. We spent Christmas at home with the family and enjoyed every minute of it.
Why? I mean really. Who the F cares about what Dooce does or not?? Who is she? OOOoooooo....not. In reality, GOMI...sweetheart, your driving up Dooce's readership by having this war. If you hate her that much, why even bother?
Now I've been a Doctor Who fan for as long as I can remember. Some of my earliest TV memories consist of crouching over a black-and-white set where an old white-haired sage was combatting strange monsters in a set which seemed smaller than the average broom-closet. After that came the fey, Chaplinesque Patrick Troughton, the mod Dandy Jon Pertwee, the sublime Tom Baker, and so on and so forth. There were some pretty fine ideas in some of the stories - some exciting moments - but one has to confess that they were never really good in any objective, demonstrable way. There was always an element of camp about the show, a need to suspend judgment in order to enjoy them. That's been as true of the latest, Welsh-based series as of any of its predecessors. David Tennant was a good Doctor, to be sure - even a very good Doctor - but there's only a limited amount that can actually be done with the role.
3:30ish Arrive home
Remember when I said I put my kitchen cabinets in my laundry room? Well, it's been done for a while now but I've been working so much that you couldn't really see it under the mounds of backed up laundry. I finally caught up on laundry this morning so I thought I'd snap some pictures before it gets too hot.
Well, the point is, it was a delicious, delicious meal. And the best part – I made friends with the lady…老板娘…and we talked for like two hours, in Chinese. She was super young and really chill, and talked about everything from who I’m going to marry to how she met her husband and why they were in Brussels, it was adorable.
“I think we’ve got the resources to have three top corners, and (Orlando) Scandrick, which in my mind would be a fourth corner,” Jerry said. “That area of your money allocation just happens to be an area where if you plan right to get strong at corner and strong with the pass rush, you’re going to spend some money out there.”
The children’s horror anthology from 1991 made an unforgettable mark on its tiny viewers for creativity and imagination. Nothing compares to Zeebo, the ever-chuckling gangster in clown’s clothing, a myth invented in the very first episode ever of this classic series. The myth, of course, is reality, and the clown brings torment to a very unfortunate victim. He breaks into the boy’s home, screws with his microwave, leaves dark messages on the walls… BEST MOMENT: Leaving smokey cigar butts in his trail. This is a children’s show.
“Hurry up!”
This second novel by rising star Brenna Yovanoff is a story of identity, discovery, and a troubled love between two people struggling to find their place both in our world and theirs.
When I was a college sophomore, Tri and I decided to go up to Boston one weekend to visit his friend (I’ll call her D) and her boyfriend Y. It was one of my first interactions with his friends from Nepal. I was happy to practice my budding Nepali skills with them, and they were unbelievably kind to me.
The Queen walks up and smiles, ignoring Bev after a cursory greeting and glance. The bodyguards position themselves between me and Bev.
High Hopes - Skanatra (Sinatra W’59)
Top: Paper.Doll – Dakota – Wildfire (Culture Shock 2012 Exclusive)
There is also additional information on my blogs. Please email visionn2action@yahoo.com (with “motorsport investor” in the subject line), or call me @ 480-686-2125 (Scottsdale, Arizona, USA). Please. serious inquiries only. Minimum (and necessary) investment is $850K USD…which will entitle you to full sponsor marketing rights ( car will be 100% your logo and paint lay out ) for my 5 days of testing in Germany, and then race day !
Genre defying Aleister X walks out of the club and down “Shakedown Street.”
It is so easy! Seriously, simply visit a website, sign-up for a project (and sometimes you don't have to do that), and email the results back (or fill out an online form). If you find a local project, then you show up and lend a scientist a hand and get a chance to get up close and personal with some exciting plants and animals.
People Before Profit Alliance will begin their campaign for “NO” vote today outlining what result each vote will cause for the citizens of this Country.
After a number of years we decided that raising poultry on a commercial scale was not something we felt comfortable with. I wrote a post about that here. So now what? When you’re used to having eggs everywhere, you get used to having as many fresh eggs as you want. We realized quickly that moving one to two dozen hens around every three days would not be realistic, nor did we want them in a feathernet for a long period of time. Once you quit moving your stock, the predators become less unsettled and they settle in for the long haul, and the heavy manure buildup from chickens is hard on the soil. Keeping the chickens safe was high on the priority list, and next was ease of care. Chores become chores when they are repeated too often. Feeding the chickens everyday is a waste of time, when you can do it weekly. The same goes for watering.
What's good about this recipe? It's effectively Pecan pie sitting on top of pumpkiny goodness. You could add Pumpkin pie spices to the cheesecake if you wanted more of that flavor, but it's delightfully simple as the recipe is posted. Pure pumpkiny flavor!
And the flesh rots.
You know Bristol Palin is one tough cookie and instead of just ignoring this scumbag who called her mom a whore, she engages him and tries to find out exactly what her mom did to so upset this human piece of trash. Turns out, he’s got nothing and she makes him look ridiculous. But that doesn’t stop him from saying the most horrible things to her face. And no matter how awesome I think she might have handled herself, in all honesty what this degenerate said at the end just really pissed me off.
Great Egrets mate for life and have developed an interesting parenting technique. The parents allow their chicks (there are usually three in a brood) to KILL each other! Yes, if there's a squabble over food, the parents let the kids duke it out, often resulting in death for the weaker chick(s). This would be like me exiting the room after tossing the last package of Girl Scout samoa cookies into the fray called my children!
The set starts with Carlos Santana’s Europa. I’ve always loved that song, but even more since 2005 when it was my oldest daughter’s wedding march!
“Therefore, any gathering at Dataran Merdeka, that is all the land surface bordering Jalan Sultan Hishamuddin, Jalan Raja and Jalan Kelab except the area occupied by the Selangor Royal Club… is now banned, and the public are warned against attending or taking part in any gathering from April 28, 2012 to May 1, 2012,” Zaki wrote.
Burbank’s place in the national consciousness was largely secured by NBC through disparaging Johnny Carson monologues and announcer Gary Owens’ satirical “beautiful downtown Burbank” intro to Rowan & Martin’s Laugh-In. When Conan O’Brien takes over The Tonight Show from Jay Leno in 2009, it will air from Studio One on the Universal lot, a soundstage initially built for The Jack Benny Program.
I am unique and special!
Dec-2 Houston, TX Toyota Center On Sale Soon
Life had something else planned for me though. As much as I resisted the thought of letting in Love, it didn’t just seep in, it POURED in on not only myself but upon my children. A man walked into our lives that would change us forever.
Anyone in the Market For A Fantastic, Nearly New Triplet @ $4,900
Things got a bit more personal when she photographed me preparing breakfast in my bathrobe.
You will perhaps know, and certainly if you live in England, of the transition town movement pioneered by Rob Hopkins here in Totnes. There's a great deal to say about this movement, and a great deal already written on it. For now what's relevant here is the delivery of power back into the hands of a small community.
For more information about this app, please visit the App’s home page on the Queensland Department of Education & Training website. There you will also be able to download and print all the sight words and activity notes featured in the App.
9. write the vision down – get a clear idea of what you’re called to do
It must be used wisely because dreams do come true! The Fairy Godmother´s Wand and magical Follydust (along with a smaller Magic Wand for the less adventurous) can be found in our Online Shopping pages in the Home Accent and Gifts section.
Mr. Mohammed refuted the claim that the Taraba attack was targeted at the Taraba State police commissioner, saying that arrests had been made in connection with the attack.
The landowners on the other side of the fence in Brownsville know their property isn’t as valuable as it once was. “Would you want to buy a house behind the border wall?” Loop asked dryly.
Here is a card I made for the ABC Christmas Challenge, H is for hardware, so must use something metal on the card. I have used, a antique pin, a clip, and also a couple of antique brad buttons. The snowman is from Serindipity, and in the background is Lovely as a tree.T he paper is from Creative Memories, The image is colored in Ridinghood Red, More Mustard, Always Artichoke, and Soft Suede. It was torn and sponged with Soft Suede. The red layer was embossed with a snowflake embossing folder, and the sentiment is from Hero Arts, and was punched and destressed as well. I also added some white smooch spritz to give it a bit of a shimmer, and also some liquid applique and glitter on the snow that is on top of the broom, birdhouse, his hat, and the ground.
My last job, however, was different. I was getting worse and had to take sick days once a month as a minimum. My doctors appointments and tests lasted a whole morning and my boss kept asking me if I was feeling alright because I started looking like a zombie.
BONUS: What is something you absolutely must remember to do differently... or not at all!
This past weekend our grandson attended the National Underclassmen Football Combine (NUC) in Indianapolis, which in itself was a great honor and opportunity for him. Jackson is a Junior at Penn High School in Granger, IN.
The preezy of the United Steezy is making me queasy.
But this is not enough to overcome my preference for de Lint's skillful writing. Most importantly, de Lint's clever language always drew me into the story, instead of snapping me out of it as McDermott's often did. Perhaps When We Were Executioners suffers from being the middle book of a trilogy, especially since I haven't read the first book, but I did not regret putting it down after 25 pages, while I very much wanted to continue further into the story of Eyes Like Leaves.
Today was less stressful and the kids were fine. Also I have tomorrow off. That makes the world a better place in general. Today I also had a student write something very sweet and profound. The kind of thing that reminds me why I became a teacher, and why I bother with nagging the brats about doing their homework.
My wonderful cousin, Hillary was in town for a week, maybe it's her fault.
Wait for it-
The market opened lower today, then resumed the recent rally from monday’s low. The SPX rise over 1400 today was quite steady, with pullbacks of only 3 points along the way. We’re obviously a bit surprised at the strength of this move. From an OEW perspective the DOW, and possibily the NAZ, have confirmed downtrends this month. While the futures driven SPX and NDX have not. This is the first time these four indices have had this type of divergence in seven years. During the 2004 and 2005 time period, a solo downtrend confirmation by the DOW confirmed only an A wave of a larger ABC correction. Then the four indices would rise together in a B wave, before they all confirmed downtrends in the C wave. It has been so long we really had not considered this possibility.
A number of news services reported the fire. The local newspaper, Westmorland Gazette, screamed the headlines: ‘Bowness fish and chip business completely gutted by blaze’ (www.thewestmorlandgazette.co.uk/news/9663462.GALLERY__Bowness_fish_and_chip_business_completely_gutted_by_blaze). Meanwhile Lakeland Radio also reported the fire and has published a series of photographs documenting the catastrophe (http://lakelandradio.co.uk/galleries/bowness-fire).
I wasn't sure they would want to do it this year. The older one is pretty set in his schedule and his friends. He plays online games, his Xbox, goes to gymnastics and ice hockey. The younger one is more social and is craving more friend time. I thought maybe I would be creating it just for him.
Johannesburg - More than a third of numbers for South African police stations do not work, the Democratic Alliance charged on Sunday after conducting a survey.
I know, I know, ‘better safe than sorry’. But it is upsetting that we cannot accept that some people are ‘just nice people’ instead of automatically worrying that they are dangerous and threatening.
To assemble, split cooled biscuits in half and top with berries and a dollop of whip, replace top half of biscuit and add another dollop of whip and a berry slice of 2, then top with chocolate sauce.Chocolate Sauce
To my children, Bryce, Taylor, Brady, Brogan and Teddi, thank you for blessing my heart bigger than I can put into words. I am so proud of each one of you. I LOVE being your mom!
When it rains, it pours. Well, around here we can take that literally and figuratively. It's been a rainy week. Hail the size of golf balls and bigger in some parts. Flooding. Torrential rain. Even on Easter. So that is the literal part.
valid is what’s working
If the previous picture showed the noble side of the DBR sporting player explaining 'how he died' the next picture shows the fictional "billimeter" nonsense that DBR (or any) rules can degenerate into. Any loss from the Rolyalist command now means "the end of their right wing", so when the little red horsemen (see below bottom left quarter) suffered a recoil from the shooting from Parliamentarian pistol and light artillery it should have been "Goodnight Vienna" as it recoiled into friends/enemies facing the wrong way, but the Royalist player invoked the "blind billimeter DBR defense". Groan ... my head started swimming.
Unfortunately the eczema behind his right ear has gotten infected, so we'll be applying an anti-bacterial/steroid cream for a while to (hopefully) clear it all up.
to touch the world in such a blaze,
No painter's pigment could ever replicate the pitch of that black smoke.
It's been forever since I've done a happy lately list. And since it's officially Friday and one step closer to Thanksgiving break, I figured today was the perfect time celebrate the small stuff!
Exercise your Christian Mandate. Go there, duduk bantah, get down on your knees and pray. Then expect a miracle – the end of a Stolen Mandate.
If some tragedy occurs in Hampstead or Islington, I would not expect the good people of Haiti to have a whip-round or put on charity gigs to raise money to help.
1. The cozi app (Cozi is a free online central family organizer - it is awesome and free; my one stop shop to keep track of shopping lists, to do lists, family journal, calendars, etc.) It is like having Cozi.com in my pocket. I can view, edit and add to everything that is on my cozi.com from anywhere, which is awesome.
So, today was truly a day of treats and more treats! Thanks Babyboy!
Or contact pintclub@hotmail.com.
organisations must contribute
Two weeks tomorrow since we landed, one week yesterday since the static arrived, two weeks today since we collected Bonnie. When I look at the numbers like that I realise just how new and shiny it all still is.
The organizers of this event are continuing with the mentoring program they offer every year and have educational talks scheduled each night. I'm hoping to learn a lot from all the super pilots who are flying here this week.
2003-Marshall Faulk: Played all but two games, but did so with a noticeable ankle injury. He was the best running back in the league up until that year. After the cover, Faulk never rushed for 1,000 yards in a season again.
We did get some common sense at the time from Water Safety New Zealand, which said fencing waterways around the country was not the answer to reducing the risk of drowning.
Needless to say I was really stoked to hear they wanted to send me some to review. I chose three colors: Rust, Spruce Green, and Olive Green (I have no idea why I am so obsessed with green all of a sudden).
BE FINANCIALLY RESPONSIBLE
Did you hear me? I said, “GET YOUR BUTT OUTTA THE BOX!” WHAT???!!! You didn’t just say that? Yes, I did! Well, That’s just rude! Well, maybe so but now that I have your attention, I’d like to keep it for just a little bit as I explain. Hopefully, you’ll see it all more clearly in just few. Please be advised, all puns are intended.
3. If there is one thing I can’t live without , then it is my Eyeliner.
Yes both of these are black
D – Why aren’t there anyone selling Arch Enemy CD’s at the concert!?
I combined the Lili of the Valley image with the Boutique stamp by Magnolia. I used papers by Cloud 9 and Dovecraft, saying is by Whiff Of Joy.
The U.S. Administration on Aging has alerted the Senior Medicare Patrol (SMP programs) to a phone scam in which the caller tells the call recipients that they are eligible for a “Living Well” grant. The caller then instructs the recipient to complete a grant “application,” provide a cell phone number, and wire money through Western Union. The recipient is told that s/he will be contacted on their cell phone when it is time to pick up their “grant” funds at Western Union.
I once wrote an article on how the entire New South Africa is one giant Zimbardo experiment
Tonight I just wanted something simple. Simple and tasty. I've always wanted to find a good asian sesame noodle recipe but every time I've tried I've been disappointed. Usually they're too salty or too bland... or, surprisingly, both.
The noises of nature in Washington Park was eventually drowned out by an animal drowning on Friday. Willie Karidis of Milwaukee's Urban Ecology Center left the building and headed to the nearby lagoon. As the animal struggled for its life, Karidis noticed that struggle may have already spanned years. Karidis tried to save the female pit bull, but her abuse was too great. The dog named Lucy had to be put down, a casualty of dog fighting.
This bike shop is next to Lululemon. Unlike many other bike stores, the employees are not arrogant jerks. They'll inflate your tires and do other minor adjustments for free. Really nice and knowledgeable people. Nice selection of bikes too.
Truly a 4th to remember for Emperor the first of many!
The bible says with all your getting get wisdom it is the primary thing. Listening with love, discerning by Gods Spirit, if applicable then apply it. This is wisdom from God.
Baking together was a joy (especially for me since Nancy is a champion nut chopper). We traded tips and ideas as we attempted to focus on the recipe and remember to take photos. Because we're coming to the end of the book, we were less concerned about being perfect and more comfortable enjoying the process.
The great thing about blogging is the fact that you can make so many friends in the virtual world, and somewhere along the way you are itching to meet them face to face and talk about all things food and photography related. Sia of Monsoon Spice is one person I'd like to meet some day and if lucky, get to taste some of the amazing food she makes as well. Although Monsoon Spice had a permanent position on my bookmarks bar, it was only recently that I got to befriend the gorgeous person (with the gorgeous hair, if I may add) behind the blog. Thanks to facebook, I now not only wish to see Sia, but also her lil dumpling who is simply the cutest.
Piaf's activities during the Second World War came under intense scrutiny: she sang in venues frequented by German officers, but she is also credited with aiding the Resistance, saving the lives of French POWs by allowing herself to be photographed with them. The men would then crop the photos to forge themselves new passports and escape. Perhaps this is apocryphal, but it makes a great story, and Piaf's fame and regard among her own people never waned.
The only drawback on this trip was that the apartment we rented had no internet service. It was both nice and odd to have no connection to the outer world for a whole week.
Take that Nazi! How gratifying it is to see a jack-booted bad guy bite the big one at the hands of a determined, tough and cunning automatic wielding good guy. You can tell by the shine of his boots that Hun boy was clearly up to no good and the hero has arrived to reduce the number of options opened to the Luger dropping fiend.
Next time, we’ll discuss how to end this meeting with our high-level buyer.
Remove the kale leaves from the ribs, and rip into pieces. Set aside.
Oh, yes, that’s exactly the point. The Romance had to be hidden deep inside, way underneath the basic (bare bones) Love Story or it would never sell — and as it was, it was rejected by every SF publisher in Manhattan, and finally Doubleday took it for their line that’s pre-sold to Libraries so they didn’t have to worry about people choosing the book, they had a guaranteed sell-through. Now notice how the fans all want the story of what happens between Klyd and Aisha after the end of the novel? What I was selling was something there was no market for — but I knew readers really REALLY wanted badly.
First things first, what instruments do you play, and when did you start learning them?
After watching a few minutes, I simply had to ask- What has become of this great nation? The degenerates that populate this show are astounding. And the fact that the liberal media is allowed to film their perversion for the whole world to see is nothing short of sin. These addicts don't need attention- they need to be ashamed.
I hope to see all your beautiful, brutal faces there on Friday!
The 25-year-old covers the magazine’s issue #71, which has been dubbed the “Asian Issue”. The edition will be devoted to celebrating Asian beauty by having high profile Asian models dominate the magazine’s editorial shoots. Gaga will also debut her highly anticipated fashion/art column in the issue.
And I guess you could go after the owner and investors personally, because, hey, if you’re going to strip them of free speech rights, then the legal protections that corporate law provides can’t be far behind…but as I’m about to explain in the next section…that will only hurt the economy.
Technically white people over 40 are protected from discrimination, but only when the discrimination relates specifically to age, which isn't much help when they are being battered around the head by a 200 pound Negro.
I forgive myself for not accepting and allowing myself to ever do what is best for all but just to play the game and go along with what everyone else is doing, even when I see that it is not a nice game and that it does not support life, but is in fact abusive.
And this, like other nights, is what I go through.
I won't tell you the time. It was slow. Very slow.
This evening, in Washington DC, the mainstream media, assorted celebrities and political figures came to the Washington DC Hilton Hotel for the White House Correspondent's Dinner.
Similar to the previous statement, this is a popular phrase which suggest that religion is bad, but spirituality is good. One comedian responds to this comment by saying, “You’re interesting, but I’m a liar.” Even the fiercest unbeliever can see the foolishness of this logic. But it’s important that we understand where this comes from.
Mon Mome
Turning on the radio,
Up north, I never miss them by the steps of the stairs to the Cathedral on Dunsmuir Street in Vancouver British Columbia or on Broadway by Laurel street right by the door of Tim Horton’s.
I was going to have a ‘boy clothing yard sale’, but the fates did not align as planned so that’s been pushed back to next week. Instead we hit up the parade, on a whim. Okay, so apparently the Lawrence St. Patty’s Day parade, when it lands on a weekend, is not something you do ‘on a whim’. We headed downtown about half an hour early, drove around trying to find parking for almost 20 minutes, then Scott dropped off Pete and I and went to find parking on his own. He finally found a spot, NINE BLOCKS from where we ended up. Yeah. So anyway, we had a good time, and I was super duper thankful to finally see my husband again after he found us, because wooooooo boy but I had no idea how heavy Pete was until I had to hold him on my shoulders a period of longer than 2 minutes.
In my dream, it was all I could do not to get up
-Skillet
“Stop a minute, you forgot”
“What’s wrong with these plants?” My husband muttered.
Line baking tins cupcake liners. spoon batter 3/4 full. Bake for about 18 minutes, until tops are golden. Test to make sure toothpick comes out clean. Remove and let cool.
(I felt to edit out Wilcock’s shameless promotion of his new book, but opted not to for continuity and the updates he includes. I would encourage readers to be aware of the distinction between the interview and Wilcock’s personal input, which isn’t always immediately obvious. The last few paragraphs of the article, Wilcock’s personal thoughts, have been omitted. This isn’t because I disagree with them. Some of them, including some of those left in, I agree with. Some, to my mind, cross over a line of conjecture that detracts from the overall substantiated tone of the interview. Those wanting to read them can do by following the link below.)
The words, too, give the opera its slightly dated feel. Self-indulgent, pretentious poetic stuff in opera libretti was very much a feature of opera of the 1960s-80s (Klinghoffer's premiere was in 1991). Its ultimate death blow, I suspect, was Jerry Springer: The Opera (2003). Good, concise, beautiful poetry is another matter: Birtwistle's The Minotaur has a libretto by David Harsent that is a work of art. Time to take another look at how Da Ponte did it.
Hands down, one of them stands above the rest,
The fences:
Black Star Co-op
Over the past few months, I've begun receiving a steady trickle of complaints about Raider, where before I only received questions. I'm not the only one; as a result of the negative feedback he's gotten from Raider authors, Mick Rooney has revised his once-positive review of Raider to "not recommended." Other complaints can be found online--at Ripoff Report, for instance, and Scam Informer (I always take websites like this with a grain of salt, but in this case the complaints are quite consistent, and the problems reported reflect the reports I've been getting).
Twelve years ago, lazing around with the weekend papers, husband turned to me and said; 'I think I've found our cat.'
His wings wrap all the way around his back. I have him sitting in the window out in the barn in front of my sewing machine. He keeps watch over the back yard for me, ha.
All their own.
This particular week off for my brother was a nightmare for the rest of us. We would find the neck and arm holes of our pajamas sewn shut when we put them on. We found the legs of our nylons sewn together. My mom found her clothes missing (that was my dad), my brother found a brazier in his gym bag while he was in the boys locker…(this was a good one). My sister found a fake snake in her bed and we found fake spiders (that looked very real) hanging from our ceilings. We were renting this home and the basement was unfinished. My father had been in the military and somewhere my parents had picked up military cots for us to sleep on. We came home from school to find all of these nailed to the beams on the ceiling. We came home and found our beds outside..this was in the winter. We got my brother back by hanging all of his clothes off the roof of the house, including his tidy whiteys. We put vinegar in his cologne….(I think this made my extremely patient brother upset) At this point, things were getting out of hand. We knew my father had had enough when we built a snowman in the front yard and instead of using a broom, we used a toilet plunger. This did not sit well with him.
We have asked the DDC contractor to implement a temporary traffic signal according to our standards at this intersection and to maintain it for the duration of the project MPT. Please note that we have also instructed them to remove the signal once the MPT is removed and Summit Street is restored to its original westbound direction. We would appreciate your assistance in communicating to the community the temporary nature of the installation.
Apple has almost always imitated its way to the top. Starting from the days of Macintosh, when it adopted Xerox’s graphical user interface as its own. Jobs never denied the charge. In fact, he revelled in it: “It comes down to trying to expose yourself to the best things humans have done and then trying to bring those things in to what you are doing. Picasso had a saying…good artists copy, great artists steal…we have always been shameless about stealing great ideas.”
Coffee (no sugar, the bars had enough!)
He who is interested in this tale of those who are beloved by the All-Attractive,
Today I have some more news to share, some good, some not so good.... *sigh* OK, first the good news, last month you will have read that I applied for 2 design teams, never in my wildest dreams would I have thought that I would have been accepted on both but guess what...it has happened, I am now officially a member of Purple Pumpkin and now Scrap Friends (and there is Craft Queen of course who I just love love love). I'm super excited about being on the teams and will be sure to keep you in the loop with the goings on.
Apple and Android’s success was at the expense of BlackBerry maker RIM and Nokia, whose smartphone share halved over the period (although it is in the process of mounting a fightback with its new Microsoft Windows-based handsets that will be released in New Zealand next month).
6. Guitar Red - Disco From A Space Show
‘If you can’t strike call in sick. If you can’t call in sick hold a slow down.’
The legendary promoter Jack Good encouraged Jess to go into the studio to cut some sides, even though singing was not one of the rising star's strong points. The song chosen for his first recording, a cover of Skip And Flip's US hit Cherry Pie crept in to the bottom of the Top 40, but his third single, Mystery Girl, managed to break Top 20 in 1961. Jess managed to scrape into the charts with one more 45 the following year, but after that his chart career was at an end - although he has since managed to carve out a very unique career for himself. This very track appeared in the film Rag Doll (1962), a crime drama (released in the US as Young, Willing and Eager) in which Jess played the role of Shane. In 1963 he landed a major role in TV series The Human Jungle, a weekly drama which starred later Pink Panther actor Herbert Lom in the lead role of psychiatrist Doctor Corder. In the second episode of the series Corder was called in to deal with the problems of rock and roll star Danny Pace, played by Jess. Several numbers were recorded specifically for this programme, released as a Decca EP in 1963. These days Jess is still active, appearing regularly on TV, on stage (he's played Jesus!) and even at the occasional rock'n'roll or 60s revival show. He's also recorded albums with a bunch of pals under the name The Showbiz XI, the same name of his long-running (more than 40 years now) charity football team.
After a hiatus of many years I have decided to perform again. Probably not the wisest of ideas but who gives a fuck.
Having a link with a company and contacts you have made during your industrial year may benefit you during your final year of university. Some companies are able to supply live project briefs which can provide a professional base for a final year project.
I know many readers of this blog (all seven of you) have already read and invested in the big version of the book. That's all right. You can help out too. Feel free to re-post this give-away on your own blog, on facebook, twitter and where-ever else you hang out. I'm not picky.
Well sorry to burst your bubble but it's not. It's actually senior QB of the central michigan Chippewas, Dan Lefevour. Crazy right. Lefevour had a better season then tebow in 07 when tebow won the heisman and Levevour has the NCAA career record for total touchdowns with 154.
And a person who sometimes forgot to brush,
8. Internet password organizer — $9.95 Okay, this is a little boring. But practical. And it will make Mom’s life easier. I seriously need this…I have about thirty different password combinations scribbled on little bits of paper in my desk drawer. Shameful.
iRock "Silver Teardrops" Glam Rocks
Then simply scissor cut the image . . . place it on your pillar candle, colored side facing out! Wrap a piece of wax paper around the candle, smoothing out the wrinkles. Then, with your heat gun and using a back-and-forth sweeping motion, apply heat to the image for just a few seconds. It will actually melt your image into the candle! Add a bow, flower, bling, or whatever! See? Easy Peasy!!
Maria Cristine Bellucci is a jewellery maker who uses coloured wooden pencils, reformed into beautiful organic shapes, to create one of a kind iterations of a playful, child-like quality. I want to scribble on the walls in rainbows!
2. Head to Runweld Cave. Go left (passing the double doors where you went to get tablet for pet staff in first place) and then north. Follow the path until you exit outside in an area that looks like picture 2. The little patch of grass to the left is a balloon station that can take you to good world, but isn't what concerns us in this quest.
The majority view finds no support in the law. Section 26, Article VI of the Constitution does not impose this condition or requirement. The only important conditions imposed by the Constitution are that there be a national emergency and delegation be for a limited period. The same thing is true with Act No. 671 which makes the delegation. The only condition imposed by section 2 of said Act is that the delegated powers be exercised during the emergency. Neither in the Constitution nor in Commonwealth Act No. 671 is there any hint or insinuation, much less express mention about the inability of the Legislature to meet. When every consideration for clearness and for Executive and Judicial guidance loudly called for and demanded an unequivocal and clear expression of Constitutional and legislative intent, both laws, the source and basis of the emergency powers are conspicuously silent on this point. The only conclusion is that neither the framers of the Constitution nor the members of the National Assembly had thought of much less intended to impose this condition. To sustain the majority view would require reading into the law what is not there. In further support of its view that emergency powers may be exercised by the President only until the Legislature could meet, the majority finds comfort in and cites section 3 of Act 671 which reads as follows:
My health wasn't too good. There are those who might say I was drinking more than perhaps I should have done to keep me going. But I had other... I suppose these days you might call it – what happens if you type too much...?
This of course has been a question that has been with us for some time, in many countries legislation has been passed to give individuals more rights and protection against surveillance and of course the use of spying equipment. There is no doubt that such protection is required however it is strange how in all of these countries the legislative authorities continue to propagate the use of CCTV cameras in our streets roads shopping malls etc.
Keep posting those blogs that make everyone laugh.
So we learn at the start of the episode there is discontent amongst the student body about the school council president! She’s saying they should wait! I don’t give a fuck!
1795 E 10th St, Bloomington, IN
A better never lifted leg,
If you've been following my blog long, you've noticed that every April 1st I usually do an April Fool's dinner..... This year was no exception.
4. Let Go - jj
I asked Kelly Dirkes for permission to repost this. I'm getting a lot of love from people in my inbox thanking me for helping this family. The real credit goes to this mama....she's my hero.
Yuck. I haven't had strep in a few years. But it knocks me on my rear.
Looking back, what is your favourite myth of all time, from any culture? And why would you choose it?
To the leaven’d soil of the general Western world to attest my songs,
We took a fabulous trip to Maui a few weeks ago.
If she truly believes Richardson’s benefit-slashing budget spawned a tribe of young Damiens then she should set about trying to rectify the conditions.
What a planet!
Del's big debut. Tracks still as good as when they first came out.
Anyway, when it was having a good day, I did get some photos of some enameled beads! These pictures were taken a couple weeks ago, before I got my shipments of more enamel colors. So, orange, and green, and aqua, and blue. This bowl was about 4-5 hours of bead enameling - not bad!!
And I can't really argue with him - after so much hard work, it's time to show off the fruits of our labour!
When Voldemort at last had met his end
Suddenly it was all coming together. My Patron Saint's Feast Day, early in my cycle. St Gianna's Feast Day. January 25th. The texts and emails I've received from SEVERAL blogger friends this cycle, epxressing their thoughts and prayers for me out of nowhere, since I had not written or talked about my "cycle" on my blog in a long time.
$1,000 Wedding Dress Up for Grabs in the 2011 Perfect Bridal How It All Began Contest
"Oh," said the little mice, "how lucky you have been, you old fir tree!"
64) I love RVs. I am fanatical about RVs. I favor Class C motorhomes, but I am well versed in the ins-and-outs of Class A's, Class B's, Fifth Wheels, Toy Haulers, Vacation Trailers, Travel Trailers, Tent Trailers, Vintage Trailers, Pop-Up Trailers.... You get the idea.
As much as I enjoyed the Hunahpu's the Arctic Devil really blew me away. It was just damn amazing. Not to say the chili and cinnamon in the Hunahpu's weren't really well integrated and well used though. Really, both were impressive and I certainly wouldn't be upset to drink either again. This time was also quite a bit more controlled than last time which was nice. Made for a much easier Thursday.
The dilemmas are not just about knowing the boundaries that you consider non-negotiable, but knowing how to set them in a way that produces the give and take that you need to live with and love someone else day in and out. Love is hard. Even strong love, lasting love, committed love.
Also we ut new 80 rod fence on “80″ steel posts in and 1 wire today
I enjoy watching Sunrise and watching Sunset every change I get.
15) I pulled my finger out, the water started gushing to the ceiling again, people were screaming, and I slipped and fell in my rush to find the missing piece, which was submerged in a corner. I’d just wrapped my fingers around it when Brenda grabbed my calf to pull me out– John had arrived. He took one look at the situation and took his shirt off like Superman in the phone booth, which is an image that is permanently burned into my brain. He took the handle from me and dove in. In less than a minute, he had the handle screwed back on and everything in place.
Prologue: The Boy Who Wouldn't Trim His Sideburns
1 racing-engine
Butter- 1 tablespoon
The only completely stationary object in the room was an enormous couch on which two young women were buoyed up as though upon an anchored balloon. They were both in white and their dresses were rippling and fluttering as if they had just been blown back in after a short flight around the house. I must have stood for a few moments listening to the whip and snap of the curtains and the groan of a picture on the wall. Then there was a boom as Tom Buchanan shut the rear windows and the caught wind died out about the room and the curtains and the rugs and the two young women ballooned slowly to the floor.
CONFERENCE COSTS
This is a link to Whizz-Kidz TV advert…
I'd be delighted to order any of these items for you and can have them delivered to your address in the UK. I'm committed to providing excellent customer service and am always happy to offer help and advice. To place your order, just send me an email or give me a call on 01280 820593. And don't forget to add a free pack of designer paper if your order is £45 or more (Offer limited to one pack per qualifying order - click here for details).
I cut a tag using the TH tag die and blended DI over it. I then ripped strips of TH Tissue Wrap and glued it to the tag. I then tore a strip of Kraft Glassine paper and scrunched it up, flattened it out and attached it to the tag with some brads.
kitchen looking for a pre-midnight snack; his parents were in the family room watching The Twilight
Here's a look at our day!
As discussed, the Philippine Bill of 1902, Act No. 926, and Proclamation No. 1801 did not convert portions of Boracay Island into an agricultural land. The island remained an unclassified land of the public domain and, applying the Regalian doctrine, is considered State property.
Did you know that arson is the leading cause of fires in the United States, resulting in more than $1 billion in property loss each year?
These gorillas at the Jacksonville Zoo were living the good life from what I could see. They had a pretty large pen to move around in with lots of things to climb on. This guy seems to have drunk too much at some animal kingdom party and is waiting till the headache goes away before starting his day. Or maybe he is designing a new den to live in and trying to decide on what color drapes to go with. Either way, he seemed very calm on the ground.
The opposition PKR party, which recently uncovered the fact that Najib paid RM 94 million to FBC Media over 3 years, are also making clear they are concerned about the costs of this latest round of foreign PR services. The expenditure by the Prime Minister’s Private Office has rocketed by 400% at a time of growing public deficits.
School. The kids love their teacher this year (Ben loved his teacher last year too, for the record). Both are enjoying what they are studying and homework is reasonable. They have been reading chapter books for some time now. Ben is into the Magic Tree House series and Riley is enjoying the box set of Roald Dahl Adam got her last spring. I have had to go into work early several mornings and the kids really enjoy walking to school from my office; it's only a block and a half. Otherwise they take the bus from our apartment in the mornings and then go to after school care until Adam or I can pick them up. DoDEA continues to amaze me with their schools; we had open house a few weeks back from 3:30pm-4:30pm. Needless to say neither Adam nor I could make it. Every Friday in November is a holiday; I couldn't even begin to tell you why.
10. Don’t be a weasel
This is how a human being can change:
One thing I do know for certain, The Lackman is only a block away and the beer is cold the wine sweet and the company delicious.
P.S. Donald, thanks for sharing the link!
The hardest part is figuring out my identity in Christ. Chosen. Loved beyond all reason. Purposed. Knit together. Daughter of a King. I'll never understand why I was chosen and why He loves me so, but I'm ever, ever grateful.
Ms. Yao could be forgiven for being confused: the drink was numbered and the guests had to guess the name. “613.96 C,” said Ms. Yao, cryptically, then apologized: “Sorry if I talk in Dewey.”
Mr. Gogt.
I mean come on how cool is that! So any ways go check out there site!
We got up to the room around 6:45 and had to sit outside the door, because they didn’t open until 7. Once the lady came and opened the door, though, we were pretty much ‘on our way’. :)
Ratchet babies are a rare breed of child raised but the most ratchety ratchets. Such a creature drinks a mixture of Baby Drank and Heroin for nutrients. This habit is started from birth to build up tolerance for the (short) life ahead of him/her. A ratchet laugh is usually high pitched, sometimes to a frequency most people over 40 cannot hear.
Winery: Angels Gate
(1 second reaction)
Ring: Gift
But hubby and son stayed up there longer and took some photos of the fabulous view.
We continue to get a fair amount of email about stretching and whatnot…If you want an honest answer ask a 5-year-old what they do before they go outside and play?
So for now, I’m doing what I can. I’m brushing off my characters from The Submissive, The Dominant, and The Training. I’m writing a futuretake I get the most requests for: Pregnant subBella.
The Final Conflict: The Last Days of God (Ibex Moon Records 2009 - American Version w/bonus CD/DVD)
it is Not enjoyed by more Aristocratic Brasilians!)
— Sleater Kinney, One More Word/Dig Me Out, 1997
Let me complain for a bit. In general, here is my complaint concerning art in Ethiopia: there is a huge lack of support for the arts or artists in our community. Unless you already have a big name, you have very little chance to grow as an artist, whether as a writer, poet, musician or visual artist. Often most people will wait until you become “somebody famous” for them to “go crazy about you;” in short, the concept of talent cultivation and appreciation barely exists. Most people more likely discourage or harshly criticize than encourage or constructively criticize you to Write, Paint, Play Music, Make Movies, Sculpt, or whatever is that you are interested in life as an amateur; positive compliment is often seen as “boosting too much ego”, instead comments that make you “grow up humble” are thrown at you, mostly negative and demotivating. Almost all the successful Ethiopian writers, for instance, that most Ethiopians adore today were/are self-made artists with few early supporters here and there. At the government level, supposedly we have the Ministry of Culture and Youth, or something like it, but as a young person, I honestly don’t know what they exactly do or have done for the youth, for that matter even for the Culture of the country, apart from using it for propaganda purposes! That is the background I come from. As a result, whatever I write in Amharic, I often keep it to myself instead of sharing it with “Amharic readers” because sharing the piece is not even worth the time I waste posting it unfortunately.
Sex Pistols - Anarchy In The U.K.
"Merlin, can you make me big?" she asked.
Coal, as stated before, is the most common ore in Minecraft. Eventually, you will find that you just have too much of it. If there is a mine or even some stone nearby you will very likely find some coal.
Hi Fans,
There were lots of cool booths - some flower/garden related and some not. I really loved this fish planter and wanted the one in blue (you can see it a little but it looked just like the brown one). It was only $45 but since I don't really have a place for it yet, I had to pass.
The icing can be used immediately or cooled and stored in the refrigerator in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks. Reheat slowly in a double boiler before using if chilled. This recipe can be doubled.
Hills and tablelands full of greenery, are intrataiate of homes that rise majestically.
I sometimes feel that leaves take away the beauty of the trees. All trees have a story to tell if we see them closely. The knots, the twisted branches, the empty nests and the ones with birds still in them, they have some magic, something spooky about them. I always felt drawn to the naked beauties of trees. As a child I used to imagine shapes in the entangled branches and loved to create my own stories about each one of them.
Which competitions should you enter?
Mike and the coaches and staff of CrossFit Assault would like to welcome you to a preview WOD at Stuttgart’s first and only CrossFit gym!
1/2t salt, 1/2t sugar, 1t sesame oil
The licensee can prove, with written records, was developed by licensee independent of disclosures from licensor.
This is a picture from a few months before we officially started dating. It was taken after homecoming our sophomore year of high school (hence, the sweet up do) at a friend's house. This picture always makes me laugh, because at the time it was taken I didn't really like Justin. You can kind of tell I'm reluctantly leaning in towards him. We went to homecoming in the Fall together, but I wasn't sure about him. Frankly, I thought he was a little nerdy. It took me until the Spring to finally give him a chance. I am sure glad I did!
Many Kano men, who see obedience as an important wifely trait, don’t want to marry divorcees, Abdullahi contends.
“Why d’you read then?”
Moob is checking things out...
Dance, dance, wherever you may be
Maureen Farrell – CNN,03/09/2012
Even brighter than the moon, moon, moon
Someone recently asked me how was it that I wasn’t bitter about my whole adoption past.
All for now, Sue x
stained hands thudded stones
The beers they've sent are (from left to right)...
Elizabeth Spann Craig: Elizabeth writes the Memphis Barbeque series for Penguin/Berkley (as Riley Adams), the Southern Quilting mysteries (2012) for Penguin/NAL, and the Myrtle Clover series for Midnight Ink. She blogs daily at Mystery Writing is Murder, which was named by Writer's Digest as one of the 101 Best Websites for Writers for 2010 and 2011.
The restaurant was pristine and proud. It wasn’t being retro; it wasn’t even aware its time had passed.
There’s nothing notable on the production side of things. Sure, the girls are cute, but not memorably so. Backgrounds aren’t ugly, but not really stand-out, either. If there was background music, it wasn’t good enough to take note of.
If the couple has been married for less then two years at the time of the foreign spouse’s arrival at the U.S. port of entry, then the foreign spouse will receive a conditional green card. This card will expire two years from the date of issuance. The foreign spouse is required to file a Form I-751 to remove the conditions on his/her permanent resident status within 90 days of the expiration date of the green card. If the marriage has been for more than two years, a 10-year green card will be issued.
“No breakthrough,” Chinese Embassy political officer Bai Tian told reporters after the talks at Manila’s Department of Foreign Affairs.
Dave and I are in the process of finalizing our wedding album design with our photographers, and I have to say it's been bittersweet.
We have two timber finish options:
While back home it will be great to tune into World Rowing to watch the races as they happen. As for how things might unfold I can tell you I am excited to see who comes out to play and the what the early season form is like. Back home here we will be doing our own mini event as an Australian Team to get us inline with what happening over there. Sure it's not the same but still worth having a hit out to test ourselves.
He call’d for volunteers to run the enemy’s lines, a desperate
*Magic Happens (371D)
The first:
Not even in death are we safe from the predators of capitalism
No, when these vampires scent human blood, they pretty much turn into a cross between zombies, piranhas, and me at an all you can eat pastry buffet. But with all the delicate finesse of medieval torture methods (drawing and quartering, anyone?).
An American president who had any ballast in his underwear would have sent all 34 American warships to Yemen as a thank-you for the recent exploits of Al Queda in Yemen.
dirty beautiful street worn angels
eyes-of-kindness guiding within the fire's glow.
It felt warm to be loved that way. To love that way. It tingled my toes.
Bottom line: I enjoyed The Host. It’s not “great literature.” It’s not going to change the way you think about anything (unless you have very strong views about alien colonization. No judging here). But it’s interesting, it’s exciting, and it made my heart race and my tummy flutter at all the right times.
I take her back to the weapons locker. I point to the door behind it and tell her that is my area. I suggest she not go in there. I suggest she not try to do so, whether I am here or not. I do not indicate why this is so, I only indicate that it might not be in her best interest, and I am not lying. Who knows what she is thinking, I only hope she takes this part to heart. Her big doe eyes tell me nothing, though she listens well, and glances when I point.
We wear the mask
It was a wonderful long weekend together. The kind of weekend that left us both wanting more. The kind of weekend that left us both scratching our heads and asking how on earth are we gonna make this work? We asked each other lots of difficult questions. For now we are committed to taking it one day at a time. Timing is everything and if it is meant to be then in time we will figure out all of the details.
When I think Labor Day weekend, naturally I think food. Tonight we are going to enjoy my Cheesy Tomato Basil Burgers on 100% Whole Wheat Buns along with a new recipe you will see tonight, Slow Cooker Baked Beans! Not sure what we will have tomorrow, but I am betting it will be grilled over charcoal!
Wolf though, sensing his moment, is in the ascendancy at this point. Other writers might consider pacing out the crass statements at this point to conserve energy, but Wolf boldly goes for the jugular and piles stupid on top of stupid in a wobbling Jenga tower of madness;The average person going into any Accident and Emergency department would have had a more painful experience than those put to death as doctors jab, prod and shock people in an effort to keep them alive.The key distinction, fans of subtlety may note, between going into A&E and being executed is that one is trying to keep you alive, and the other is trying to kill you. Some people might consider this difference big enough to make void such a comparison, but perhaps I'm missing the bigger picture. This sets Wolf off on an entirely pointless riff about how totally not-painful lethal injection is compared to having your heart restarted after a major coronary or something, as if opponents of capital punishment are only bothered about the pain of the subject in the brief moments of the act itself. Baffling non-arguments come thick and fast here; Iran has more painful executions! The Chinese kill people who haven't even killed people! Something about Guy Fawkes!
I lie down thin and hear the good bells jaw--
6) The fact that people see this story and think it's probably true says a lot about what a horrible person Pat Robertson is.
You both wrote and directed the feature – how did the idea come about in the first place? How easy was it to put into production?
$150 - 36 entries
Remove polenta from heat. Add the butter, beans, corn, chiles and 1 cup of the cheese. Stir until well-mixed.
Mr. Okah asserted in 2010, following the bombing, Mr.
A raw Xmas.
1 successors--would
Mobile Application Development, SaaS & Cloud Services
Spent this afternoon in Hubby's shop with 3 more soldiers: 2 women and the guy they drug along who's been prone to staying in his room after injury. By the time he left, we'd turned him into a regular magpie! On top of it all, they brought gifts for Hubby and me!
0500 Patrol Security spoke to an Ambulance crew outside Derby Hall. They had been called to a student who had injured themselves while sleeping. Officers were not able to obtain further details as to the injury. The Warden is to be informed.
*We almost died due to G’s driving!
Note added at 12:15 pm: I just heard that the Corps of Engineers will be raising the dam release to 105,000 cfs by June 9. This is a crushing blow.
I am at the national meeting of the Evangelical Theological Society in Atlanta this week, where it is “all justification, all of the time.” At least that is true for the biblical studies papers. Attendance is high this year, breaking all records I am told. Perhaps the opportunity to defend the Reformed Tradition against the New Perspective was tempting for many, but I am seeing quite a few dedicated followers of Wright as well. I assume the bump in attendance has to do with the topic and plenary speakers, but also the location. Atlanta is such an easy place to get to and is very convention-friendly. One thing that is unforgivable is the lack of free wireless in the hotel. I feel like I should have stayed in a much less comfortable hotel and got free wireless and a bagel for breakfast.
Them: *looks up* thank you.
have lost a total of at least $804
I read the new text while waiting for a Christmas concert Holly was in. It's called "Praise the source of faith and learning," by Thomas Troeger. The hymnal was The Faith we Sing, 2004.
*Medallions made from the molds I created, either pressed or carved. I plan to paint them and leave them around town as random acts of art.
-Add the tomatoes and spices.Cook till its mashed up and forms a paste.Turn off flame.
Just that short list raises a heap of questions about fairness.
Someone else who wasn't too happy of the impact of the serach for a very pale colour on beer flavour.
The potter's field at Hart Island is the largest cemetery in the United States.
you can do this in a microwave as i often do. just do it on high power in one minute increments until thickened. think pudding.
As usual, Cosby’s old-school admonitions to parents drew huge applause, as he talked about a man whose 14-year-old daughter had just gone through a pregnancy scare.
Here are the pics to prove that I was there…
“I have spent three years exposing the true nature of BNP councillors in Barking and I am determined to expel them. continues here
And as I was considering, behold, an he goat came from the west on the face of the whole earth, and touched not the ground: and the goat had a notable horn between his eyes.
“Feed Me!” by PencilBot Preschool- FREE!
ROM 1:20 For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse:
Finally there's loudness. This is basically just volume; the difference between loud and quiet.
Oh the joys of writing a novel, right? Write.
Wait, what did you just say Olga?
Fatima and Anne aren’t exactly sympathetic characters at the beginning of Perrault’s fairytale. Both,
This one made for Sainsbury's is 4.1% abv, 500mls. That is lighter than the 'Schiehallion' in their range which weighs in at 4.8%, and one I've not tried so I'm unable to compare.
O.K. let's get on with today creation, I used my gypsy to create this card that I'm sharing today, I have been trying to share a little more with my gypsy to inspire some new Gypsy owners. I also used the stamp collection from MY PINK STAMPER SIMPLY SWEET OCCASIONS. This set was added to my collection just a couple of weeks ago and I'm sooooo in love with it.
The girl in the rented suit shop asks where my accent is from. I wish I had the heart to flirt today, but my eyes are hurt and scrunched, and she's only being shop polite. I smile a thin smile and say Tasmania. I know what's coming of course - after a month, I can usually tell, it's all in the phrasing. She somewhat unsurprisingly has a cousin that lives in Tasmania. I think after a while this is akin to a hairdresser pretending to be interested in what you are doing on the weekend. My hairdresser in Burnie was interested, but not today, no need for 15 year old unrequited love stories today. And besides, maybe she does, or maybe she needs a tangent, something to kill time between DJ Havana Brown songs and measuring the inside pant leg of strangers. Moreover, this is her store, her domain, not a chain, and that at least is something to cherish. That DJ Havana Brown CD - that's her choice, the magazine she reads...that's all her. My suit will later sit crumpled and disrespected over a stairway bannister which seems a little bit of an ungreatful way to cherish the precious nature of individual choice, but I think my tip said it all. I'll stare at it for a while, because that means I don't have to put it on. I've got an aversion to trying suits on. My Mum will sometimes buy me a big buttoned and well intentioned jumper. I'll stare at the button and make some joke about old man cardigans, anything that means I don't have to parade around in the outfit. Today, I'll probably have spent most of my day talking to my auntie about volcanic ash. I know this is easy conversation, but my heart really isn't in it. There's a girl at work now who about 6ix times now has asked if I watch Dancing With The Stars. After the 4th time I said yes just to stop her asking, and now am able to tune her out easily and think about other things rather than having to explain myself. I'm a people pleaser. My auntie isn't really into notions of individual choice in the sphere of retail. She just hates Iceland and all the ash it spews forth. It's then I realise I haven't really listened to a conversation properly all day, and have had other things on my mind. In fact, it's just then I glance into the mirror and see the same lifeless eyes as the boy in the red top had earlier. If only it was a day for smiling, I'd have laughed at the grim co-incidence all day, then patted myself on the back for not saying it was grim irony, and mis-using the word...
All in all, over 1200 kilometres over seven days through some of West Africa’s most scenic landscapes. I learned a lot about myself and riding and can’t stop thinking about when and where the next trip will be. There’s already been some talk of an Accra to Amsterdam excursion in the future, but we’ll just have to wait and see how things turn out.
Yeah. Studies hard.
Kinda looks like a winter luau, doesn't it? It's 50 degrees today, tomorrow it will snow. Maybe I'll complete the effect by putting a tiki torch in the snow.
5. Wanna get some pizza and KISS?… No!? you don’t like pizza?!!
By the telephone,
Luckily for you dear Gift Shopper, there are a million other good options:
Excuse me, i'm having some difficulty breathing.
On a 78-year-old woman. Whose throat you, um, just punched a hole in? Wait, what?
and bio on our Design Team page!
I always err on the side of caution so when buying fabric I would buy a few extra inches of each color. This will help you avoid cursing later on if you happen to miscalculate or mess up on a block.
*In this context, ‘locals’ come from Bacchus Marsh and Melton, Ballarat and Gisborne but also from further afield – showing just how highly regarded is the fare laid out by Mark Mills and his crew. Word has certainly spread that the food is worth the trip alone as his his keenness to explore the new ‘craze’ of matching food with the appropriate ales, lagers, wheat beers and less well-known styles brewed by local as well as international and ‘mainstream’ outfits.
Develop a visual in my mind and then follow with photos.
Badger Clark
I want to say THANK YOU all so much for all of these beautiful items! Every item is special to me and you all have worked really hard making them. There is a lot of love in these and I'm so happy I won! More "model" pics are coming soon =)
My mate and I did nothing on Valentine’s Day, but we did it together. And now tomorrow I will have one more irreplaceable thing to mourn — nothing.
The first solution is more complicated than the second. Are you okay with a little hair pulling and some light butt squeezing but not real dirty talk, as in “you like that bitch?” Charlotte from Sex and the City experienced something similar, but since not all my readers will have watched every episode four times, I’ll give you the short version of how to solve the problem. Say what you like and don’t like. Say it in a pouty whiny moany voice. Say it in a stern confident “drawing the line” voice. Say it in a text. Say it over dinner at the hop. Who cares! Just say it, and say it loud enough so your partner can hear. Whispering “wait I don’t like that” qualifies you as uneligible for rape status, or at least puts you in the unclear camp with the drunk girls and mentally ill priests, and you don’t want to be anywhere near there. You want to be the boss of your sex while still letting your man take control (or whatever, you stay ontop the whole time, its your sex). Point is- say it loud, say it proud but there is no fixed formula on how to deliniate your boundaries. In case you were wondering, I personally just say, “nuh-uh, not there” with a sly little smile if a dude tries to cum on my face or I lay out my rules at the beginning of the tryst, pre-any kind of entering of any orifice, so nobody is confused.
Anyway, you know that photography show I said I might enter? Well, I sent in my entry form which they(hopefully)got, and I have my picture:
Belgium waffles with 2 scoops of ice cream - each $6
I look down and there is a very large belly sized heart stone.
