It was bathroom break, and we all went and used the facilities. When we all got back on the dancefloor, we migrated to the middle of the floor, and lo and behold, who do I see? CMA guy. I strategically placed myself with my back to him and occasionally glanced back. Between two songs, I happened to turn around, and he took the chance to introduce himself.
Meanwhile, a debate over tactics continues within the Occupy movement. Chris Hedges discusses his recent column titled “The Cancer in Occupy,” which critiques Black Bloc anarchists who cover their faces during protests and sometimes destroy property. “The Occupy movement expresses what the majority feels. And the goal of the security state is to sever the movement from the mainstream,” Hedges says. “The way they will do that is by using groups—and some of these people may be well-meaning—but by using groups that will frighten the mainstream away.” But “nothing is off the table,” responds Amin Husain, who says the Occupy movement needs to reconceptualize how struggle works, how decisions get made through dialogue, and how to build power from within.
We had such a great anniversary weekend! Thank you for everyone who sent their well-wishes!
without trying to pry it open,
"Lose weight or you'll die", might be considered to be one? Right? No.
Red as Hell Ale, is coincidentally an American Red Ale. If your not real familiar with the style, these beers tends to focus on the malts, but hop character can range from low to high. They're mostly balanced ales, with toasted malt characters and a light fruitiness.
Gregory: you say you are the only conservative
The second card was a little more time consuming as it required a number of colouring steps after the initial pre-inked and dry embossed stage.
Finish: Very long, one you feel you can still taste the next day. Dry sherry, fine rum, pine, licorice, creamed corn, oak and pine.
Trust is always a Now Moment experience. Trust is knowing that regardless of what transpires, the core of who you are could never be shaken. People and events will never work out as you may have expected, but if you have the trust in who you are in an given situation then you shall always be truth to your self.
Food is an important part of culture. The definition of culture can be summed like this; culture is the product of a group of people who share common attitudes, values, goals, and practices which results in certain knowledge, belief, and behavior. Now you’re asking where does food come in to the picture. Everywhere, I’d say. Food is not only «putting gas into your engine», but also a way to socialize. It is influenced by religion. What you eat is to some extent decided by where you live.
I am crawling the walls, floor and ceiling. It’s not the nice, happy, giddy everything has a shimmer and is fantastic feeling anymore. It’s dark, irritating, consuming and it’s changing me. I can’t sit still… I want to be everywhere and nowhere.
445 Saint Paul St.
Dr. Houston also said that while he believed undeveloped barrier islands ought to be left that way, where development exists, ”Why not protect it?”
Christians then have to begin with marriage in all our talk about sex, not because we’re killjoys who think all awful things should be saved for marriage, but rather because there’s a deep level of intimacy that happens through sex and that sort of intimacy shouldn’t be thrown around. Sex carries the weight of the world in the most literal sense possible. So we believe sex only makes sense within the covenant relationship of marriage.
Mike Rotella: main solo on “Hell Is The Place”
Organization!
It has taken me years to convince my family and friends that I actually get more exited about a luxurious bottle of olive oil than a cashmere sweater. Clothes, shoes, jewelry? Um, can I eat those? No. All I really care about at Christmas are the edibles, and I unapologetically accept all the ridiculously expensive items that I would never buy myself. Oh…you want to give me a kilo of raw wildflower honey? Thanks. Heirloom chia seeds? Organic truffles? My Christmas stocking is now usually full of the most exclusive, decadent food products that keep me motivated to experiment and stay healthy in the kitchen, all year round.
Normal beady service has now been resumed after my metal clay adventures of last week and I have just finished the latest piece for the Midnight Garden exhibition. As usual, I am juggling all sorts of balls and one of those is creating some finished pieces for The Beadsmith using their Elegant Elements range of clasps. I originally chose two clasps but I also received a third bonus clasp and when I first saw it I was reminded of a turtle. Now turtles wouldn't have been an obvious choice for me to feature in a midnight garden, but I only have so much time and so I had to be a little bit creative and try and make the idea fit. Maybe our garden is near the coast and there is an overgrown pathway leading down to a secret cove?
Not long after this, both Derek and Shanda needed to head off to the porta-potty. I tried to convince both of them that with all the wetness and puddles that no one would know if they just went, but I guess they both have Shy Bladder Syndrome. We spotted a potty with no line, and I sent them off and kept going (knowing they could easily catch me). I got to see Ultra Queen, Michelle B, all bundled up and cheering briefly, then plowed on!
I commit myself to investigating why I haven’t accepted and allowed myself to make a clear directive decision/choice to correct myself and walk a path of self respect and thus to then do that but that I have accepted and allowed myself fight with myself attempting to hold onto both sides which thus always end up with me falling as I refuse to let go of the past, and thus I commit myself to bringing myself to a point where I am able to let go of the past completely and in this walk a new pattern or patterns of self honesty and in this establish myself as an actual point of self respect.
I am grading these assignments and this is the part that makes me smile, laugh and cry all at the same time. Africa is smaller than New Zealand, Lake Victoria is located in Mexico, Asia and Europe do not touch each other. Mexico is bigger than South America, the Atlantic takes up almost the whole page. A few of them are actually pretty good but most of them not so much. So we will be completing more of these as the year goes on and my hope is that they get better. I also hope it is sooner rather than later.
737 *D-X/8/1976. “The Founders of our Founders: Jerusalem, Athens and the American Constitution,” Liberal Arts Colloquium, Wake Forest University, Winston-Salem, North Carolina. (Incorporated in Item C-1987(3), above, pp. 528-45, and in Item C-1994(2), above.)
While the oft-quoted gaggle of speakers who make the rounds of marketing conferences keep telling us we need to empower our employees and be transparent to our customers, Apple keeps its employees on a very short leash, essentially dictates the language they are allowed to use with customers, and fires anyone who thinks he or she ought to be having an "online conversation" about the company.
I'm M. I'm lucky enough to have a beautiful wife that has given me a license to post on this blog - thanks Kate!
Like freshly painted stairs
No one affiliated with those children have sound judgment. Eight premature infants should not be entrusted to their care. No one mentions the six children she selfishly, willingly, willfully and with forethought and malice, did this do. She sentenced to a life without a childhood and to a life of neglect. Dr Oz goes one further and calls it “child cruelty”.
It's the kids with no voice, no choice, that are being harmed every day.
surveillance and about 100
This isn't to be taken lightly. I have named myself the "black thumb" of death. I have killed so many tomato plants, any day I expect to see my picture hanging in the Post Office. Worst part is I have not one tomato to show for all my killings. The Topsy Turvey whose bush was sticking straight up to high heaven is now pointing downwards. Woe is me. I have shamed my name and reputation.
Also, if doctors automatically flock to wherever they get paid the most — wouldn’t that mean that (because we are the country that spends the most, and has a capitalist system) a lot of shitty doctors from other countries are actually coming here to make more money? Hell, we could end up getting other country’s shitty doctors!
It was a slow start to the temporary greenhouse project. First I moved the side yard 10'x20' shade structure over next to our shed, so Spouse and I could have a protected area to do our construction projects, rain or shine. That led to cleaning up and organizing the wood piles (they were in the way), adding more shelves to the temporary shed (to hold the tools and other stuff that was in the way), and carting off two bags of junk and detritus. It was a roundabout way of getting started on the greenhouse project, to be sure.
"Haiti today faced a natural disaster of unprecedented proportion, an earthquake unlike anything the country has ever experienced. The magnitude 7.0 earthquake – and several very strong aftershocks – struck only 10 miles from Port-au-Prince. I cannot stress enough what a human disaster this is, and idle hands will only make this tragedy worse. The over 2 million people in Port-au-Prince tonight face catastrophe alone. We must act now.
I spent a good hour swearing and pressing buttons, taking cartridges out, putting them back in again. Bupkiss. Nada. Nothing.
I AM Hilarion
I really got to hand it to Kim for coming up with the challenge idea since I did do somethings I wouldnt have thought of..AND, if you dont have the exact same image you can sub with another Stampotique one. Thanks for looking and go check out the challenge blog to see who everyone else "cased". Pick out any favorite from the dts's blogs and link up the one you are copying... use a Stampotique image and come have some fun with us! .
Jane Holly, murdered in a public Laundromat….
Unfortunately, the rest of the day I felt shaky, uncertain, foreign. The house didn't look safe. We've purchased all our furniture from craigslist and never worried about bed bugs before - now, that's all I could think about. After retiring to bed yesterday evening it got so bad that I began to feel light-headed and had to practice calming breathing exercises. (And this in a bug-free bed!)
In other words, workers should recognise that real wealth is not made up of all those scraps of paper, be they Euros, share certificates, Bond certificates etc. with which the Capitalist System has become transfixed by, and which has caused the current financial crisis, but is made up of the physical things produced by workers themselves be they the end commodities which are consumed, or be they the things used to produce those commodities, the building, the machines, the materials and so on, and above all the Labour-Power of the workers themselves. Once that fact is grasped the solution becomes obvious. It is to ensure that all of those things continue to be utilised to their maximum potential, and that the fetish of the bits of paper is put to an end.
Limo 2/2
Alrighty!
(a mix of both). the Boston tullnut society was already solid for these shows, the
First, I went to the department of public safety....in CA terms thats the DMV! So I first tried to get a DL, and the lady at the front told me in order to get a TX DL I had to have a registered vehicle. (I was at first hoping to bypass this step). In order to register my car, I had to drive a mile south....Did that.....Talked to a new lady, and she told me that in order to register my car, I had to take it to a mechanic and get it inspected and validated! (WHAT!!!)
3. The gospel reminds you that Jesus laid down His life as a ransom for many. That means you’ve got to love and respect your brothers and sisters in Christ, and let Jesus be the Lord of their consciences! Counsel them? Of course, but nitpick and micromanage them? No, not if the gospel has gotten into your heart.
I had lots of clogged pores and uneven skin texture on my face for a while – and by “a while” I mean a few years. I exfoliated with an old drugstore apricot scrub maybe once a week if I remembered, thinking that would solve the trick though it never did. Then I sampled a facial treatment at a spa night at a local spa and the specialist told me I should be exfoliating at least twice a week while in the shower to let the steam help open out the pores. She then recommended that I purchase the $70 exfoliating scrub available in the gift shop. No thanks! But my skin did feel and look amazing…
When my Grandmother (mom's mom) saw me for the first time as a baby, Grandma said she saw a halo around MY head. She told my mom I was special. Before last night I had NEVER heard that story. I'm not sure my Grandmother or my mom were/are right- because I have certainly made a TON of mistakes and bad choices...but my mom swears the story is true. I am NOT an angel. I am ONLY holy if Jesus has made me so, and I feel very far from all those things these days.
Although these are love-themed, they can easily be adapted to suit your needs. Think Easter, birthday party and shower favors, end-of-the-year teacher gifts... the possibilities are endless. Momenta has quite a large variety of themed products to choose from.
But life's OK. I hope you're keeping well?
Directive 2004/48 provides a legal framework to combat infringements of IP rights. Article 8 of that Directive provides, in particular, that judicial authorities may order that information concerning the origin and distribution networks of the goods or services which infringe an IP right shall be provided by the infringer and/or any other person who possessed, used, or was involved in the production of the goods or services. This information may include the names and addresses of such persons and information on the quantities produced.
This darkness,
It’s fair to say that Whitley Wood isn’t the most salubrious part of Reading. In fact when I entered the Reading half marathon, and my ex-wife discovered that the race starts here, she commented that was because no-one in their right mind would run towards the place. Not that there’s anything much wrong with the facilities on the Basingstoke Road, a clubhouse, car park and a roped off pitch. At this level, what else do you need? There was also a the backdrop of Reading FC Madjeski stadium as a backdrop. I do like the small game/big ground visual gag!
In the beginning of the last century, the low-cost labor came from European countries as well as Lebanon and Japan. My paternal grandparents were part of this wave of European immigration. Fresh off the boat, they went to serve the Europeans who had arrived years earlier, such as my mother’s family.
For dinner on Wednesday Collin and I were going to go to a Japanense Steak House in Morehead City which was going to be our big anniversary dinner but they were closed on Tuesday. So we get all dressed up and head to the restaurant and they're not open! We think they might be closed for good or something because they are supposed to be open on Wednesday and every other day we drove by later during the trip they were closed also. Sadness. So instead we ate at Olive Garden and were treated so well! The manager even gave us a free dessert because she knew it was our anniversary! Funny story about dinner... our waitress asked us how everything was and I replied good and then Collin said "It's fantastic!" with a big smile on his face! Well, the waitress gets this look on her face like "oh wow! I'm so sorry!" and she asked Collin to repeat himself. So he does and relief washed over her. She thought that he had said "Everything's nasty!" hahaha! We were cracking up laughing. It still makes me laugh just thinking about it!
If I accept a book for review, that does not guarantee a review, but it does guarantee promotion through a mention in my Goodreads page and an In My Mailbox (IMM) post.
this little printers tray was covered with some lusciously rich looking "vintage decor" papers, then I sanded the papers back a lot to help the piece look aged worn and distressed. I actually felt reluctant to fill it as it looked so cool with just the distressed paper.
I think that Modern Warfare goes for more of a team approach. They slow down movement and make it more team oriented. In Black Ops, you are able to take over the game by yourself and win for the team single handily. In MW3 you need to stick with the team and chose your spots in order to help your team win, you can’t run and gun like in Black Ops. For a gamer who likes to run around the map and have fun, Black Ops in defiantly better.
So, finally ready to brave a fresh new round of rejections, we suit up and prepare to unleash our new, improved, Sharkified query into the world.
And I'll be around again, to see the other men
Finally, all was ready and at 10:45am local time, Amara Ruth Bolin was born. Dan got to be there to see her born and then stayed by my side while the doctor delivered my placenta and gave me a few stitches (although none externally… I didn’t tear at all!).
Furthermore, International travel to the region has decreased, dropping off “by an estimated 33% to 10 million”, according to Egypt’s Ministry of Tourism which reported 15.7 million visitors in 2010, who added “about $12.5 billion to the country’s economy” (Verrastro). Tourism from the United States has taken an incredible drop, according to Ronen Paldi, president of Ya’lla Tours USA, who states that, “For the U.S., there is a 75% to 80% drop of business” (Verrastro). However, there are those whose views are that tourism will pick up again this year and that the demand to visit the country is still strong, as long as tourists believe that it is safe to visit.
1 confirms
They grow up so fast, I want their childhood to be pleasant and something they look back on with fondness.
UB40 have given the Nelson classic a nice spin through their well oiled reggae riddim machine and the Campbell brothers (Robin and Duncan) harmonize quite nicely a la a blue-eyed reggae version of the Everly Brothers. Its all topped off with a nice bit of slide guitar over the band's patented loping bass and drums, making it a serious contender for a new fan favorite among the band's many popular cover songs. Its got crossover radio radio hit written all over it, but alas, who still listens to the radio these day?
Here are a screenshot of Tumblr and of WordPress respectively. Click an image to view at full size.
Now speak, brave Adm’r’l, speak and say —“
We made it back safely from our cruise! We had a great time and I'm gonna tell you all about it this week! Starting today...Sunday night?!?! Weird I know, but Mr. 2SB is stuck at work tonight, so here I am! Once these recaps are done, I have an announcement (no, not pregnant), so sit tight and enjoy our cruise!
Once the matte-medium is dry, I put down a layer of white. I know it looks funky, but trust me, it's best to start with a light base.
I don’t read is much as I’d like. I read most on holiday when I make sure I am not working. The problem I find is when I’m reading at home I feel I should be writing. Plus I have less patience for a poorly written book nowadays, so have a tendency to stop books half-way through if I’m not enjoying them.
3. Paris, Texas
May 11th 2012
(Its 5 foot and weighs 25 kilos, and we lugged it across five countires, getting it home)
The first two are little treasures I picked up at my FAVORITE thrift store! I've never spent more than $10 dollars on anything :)
I’ve been on a winning streak at goodreads lately. They have a First Reads program, where you can enter to win advance copies of books, or just books that authors/publishers feel need a bit more buzz. After months and months of not winning a thing, I’ve won 9 so far this month. I have no idea whether they’ll be any good, so I’m going to judge them by their covers before they even arrive.
3. National Geograhic (basically anything they do)
Pretty sure I will be doing all three! SO many thanks to Jen for sharing her inspirational story with us!
Today, more than ever, I am convinced all of us are a part of the web of life… interconnected and never alone… I hope you’ll consider helping me expand my web by sharing this blog with your friends and family… expanding connections for all of us!
There are so many great activities to do with bears! Unfortunately there isn't enough time in the day!
“I do. The three baskets represent three days. Within three days Pharaoh will order that your head be chopped off and your headless body hanged from a tree for the birds to eat.”
The products are genius & they do such an amazing job putting it all together.
Stand fast therefore in the liberty by which Christ has made us free . . . —Galatians 5:1
just this arising - just this that i am....
As per the library:
unknown frenzied patterns
The smile upon Dream’s face.
After speaking with him he made me think that I was laying before you a gladiatorial challenge (hence the title - also I do realise they didn't actually say that!). I promise I am not!*
We've gotten in yet another new yarn this past week - Captiva, Berroco's offering for the shiny watery fashion theme going on this spring.
I actually found this tutorial a couple weeks ago. I just love the look of this felt flower. The details are great and the fading pinks and ivory (just like a real peony) are so good. This tutorial is definitely a keeper.
"How much is it going to cost me to get there?
I am looking forward to my brother’s annual cookout. Being there 65+ pounds lighter than last year would be amazing, don’t ya think?
7) Bottle of Red Wine
This time, however, the death was the least expected. It was my mother's cousin who had been more like a sister to my mum than a cousin. They telephoned one another at least once a week and occasionally the cousin visited my mother and took her out to lunch somewhere. They had been chatting on the phone only the day before she died and been out to lunch together only a fortnight before. The cousin had not been seriously ill and had only gone down with a mere cold a few days before. It is true to say she was painfully thin (and we often suspected she was verging on the anorexic), so maybe this did not help her general health. On Good Friday afternoon, she had gone out shopping with her husband, but was feeling unwell with the cold and went to bed early on Good Friday evening. The next morning at 5am, her husband discovered her lifeless body beside him. The post-mortem revealed she had died of broncho-pneumonia. Her sister rang me a few hours later to break the news to me and it was the hardest news to take in. Even now, none of us can really believe it. She was 71. For her it was the best way to go - to go to sleep and not wake up, but for her husband, sons, grandchildren and wider family, it just doesn't seem possible. The funeral was held last Friday in sunny Hastings. The weirdest thing was eating a piece of Simnel cake at the funeral reception that she herself had made for Easter.
I don’t think I made it even a block before I realized it wasn’t a game any more. I ran as fast as my little feet could carry me only to find Mom running out to the road where we hugged. I was bawling and Mom was trying not to laugh as she said how much she missed me and how glad she was I came back!
*watches Lord Of The Rings*
That's my week in books. What are y'all up to this weekend? I might scare myself and go see The Cabin In The Woods. It's also raining which means perfect reading weather. I'd love to hear your plans for the weekend. Comment and leave your IMM links as I'd love to visit. Have a great weekend!
I remember the first time I ate an artichoke. I was about 8-years-old and was at a friend, whose mother had cooked them whole. They taught me how to pull off the leaves, dip the ends in sauce and eat their meaty tips. At the time, this was the most exotic food I’d ever eaten, and my memories of that first artichoke are burned into my mind.
“Mr. Beal, what is the problem?”
Sparkling sugared Cranberry Brie Bites (picture below)
Create Your Own Fairytale Wedding with These Fairytale Wedding Favor Ideas
So at the point Bryant is revealed as an android - I'm hooked. But Luna Luft's singing keeps returning and that puts me off (even though her voice wasn't bad). So Isidore and Pris finally meet Roy Baty. Deckard kills Luna Luft whilst she is singing on TV, seemingly out of revenge for having gotten away from him the first time. Deckard's motive - while still regarding the $3k and his live animal is less driven by the 'law' with Bryant gone.
67. The Anydays-Move! (Self-Released)
In a brief interview posted to YouTube (below), McAfee says the whole incident was ‘a shock to everyone involved,’ and that he’s ‘sure it’ll never happen again.’ McAfee says that the over 40 heavily armed members of the Belezian GSU (Gang Suppression Unit) raided his home/research center not because he was in violation of any laws, but because he refused to to give money to an unnamed politician before last month’s election.
Dr. Morse’s scholarly articles have appeared in the Journal of Political Economy, Economic Inquiry, the Journal of Economic History, Publius: the Journal of Federalism, the University of Chicago Law Review, and the Harvard Journal of Law and Public Policy, Social Philosophy and Policy, The Independent Review, and The Notre Dame Journal of Law Ethics and Public Policy.
So I think that's another item destined for Ebay, probably to languish unsold. I am really finding Ebay hard going, I see other items with huge bids on, but they are never mine!
Ironclad uses the frame of a classic story and for those who enjoy seeing this style of movie, a fake historical fictional tale, it does so fairly well. For those whose enjoyment comes from historical accuracy or other details, this move should be passed unless you enjoy the gore feast that follows from the clash of steel on steel.
My friend Geneviève gave me the book I’m reviewing today. This is fitting for two reasons. First of all, Gen went to school with the book’s author, India Desjardins, so points for celebrity-proximity. Secondly, she is one of the kind souls who, over the years, have helped me to navigate the vagaries of Québécois-French-as-it-is-actually-spoken (and written), as well as the cultural references that I inevitably miss by ignoring French radio, TV, and pop music. (Before y’all judge: it works both ways! Two solitudes!)
Congratulations to all our winners this week your creations are beautiful!
How do you assess proficiency?
In 1976, after supposedly signing off with the most famous farewell concert of all time, The Band played on. Firstly, without Robbie Robertson; then, following the death of Richard Manuel, they limped further on: missing not only their chief songwriter, but also a third of their vocal prowess. Many things made The Band unique, but their ability to shuffle between - and combine - the talents of three astounding singers was something else, frankly. As a three-headed beast of exemplary vocalists, they had been in a class of their own.
Where ther's smoke there's.....pollution.
Wish I was with you, Laughing and talking
Ok...so the game goes on, Horton is reported to be at Mass General still, and, we whip the Canadians 8-1. There is talk.... 'I hope he won't miss the next game'! Then...just now...
Welcome spring.
Who next? Oh Man City at home with Carlos Tevez back…
That love is good!
The attack on the police car was reminiscent of an incident in 1999 when a TV3 car was set upon during the reformasi protest.
Who else might also be mistaken?
Disclosure: This book was won in a giveaway through Read It Forward. Many thanks.
Anyway, this co-worker and I were talking about how many farmer/ranchers would order a Budweiser or Coors and add tomato juice to it. Or they would order a beer and add a pretty fair shaking of salt to their beer.
3) A Goal, Motivation and Conflict sentence for each of the main characters.
Every once in a while I like to put it out there to remind people that if you think it’s too late to make things right, you’re wrong.
1. The Arbor (dir. Cleo Barnard, 94 mins.): film, theater, biography, legacy
It was a quiet day for me today, no big emotional storm — the storm came last month. I can see why there would be a grief upsurge at twelve months — that is a major anniversary and a big step. But at eighteen months? Can’t figure that one out. But, as I have learned, grief has no logic. It comes and goes as it pleases. Most times I do well by keeping busy and focusing on the moment, other times I am overwhelmed . . . again . . . by the realization that he is dead.
If they do well enough to prevent the mainstream parties from having a clear majority problem, the whole deal may be thrown into chaos.
So a dear co-worker, Missus Wiggins, is retiring on Friday. And, we’re all throwing her a party at lunch. I signed up to bring condiments, pickles and a potato dish. Of course, I’m bringing pickles that I’ve made, and I decided to take Scalloped Potatoes; this gave me an excuse to buy a mandoline slicer that I’ve been wanting. Oh, how easy it is to slice vegetables in uniform slices with a mandoline, and it’s super easy to clean. You can also do Julienne slices, it says, with a secondary blade attachment. I remember making carrot, parsnip, and beet oven fries last fall and can’t wait to try making them again with the new mandoline slicer and attachment. More on that later.
I really like the idea of Allomancy, of burning and using metals as magic. It was an interesting concept that I'd never thought of or read anything similar to (though again, admittedly, this isn't my normal kind of book, so many it isn't as original as it felt to me). I think it was a good setup to make Vin unaware of most of her powers, so we can learn about them slowly with her, and for all the metals and their associated powers to be introduced to us slowly. There was never any info-dump with it, which was nice since there are so many, and I still feel like I'm learning. At the same time, I can understand the importance of the metals to their society, even ones I don't know anything about yet.
They will wait for you silently, in the dark,
Rather than cowering alone in chilly home-entertainment rooms, neighbors get to know one another. Because there are more people outside, streets in high-crime areas become safer. As a result of all this, a strange thing happens: Deaths from heat decline. Elderly people no longer die alone inside sweltering apartments, too afraid to venture outside for help and too isolated to be noticed. Instead, people look out for one another during heat waves, checking in on their most vulnerable neighbors.
And, I pray.
Two years passed, and my friend and I saw other relationships come and go. For my sixteenth birthday, he gave me – guess what? – A little handmade wheelbarrow full of pennies. (And I was wrong about the dating part; according to my parents, I’m allowed to date when I’m married. )
-Sex and murder sound pretty much the same on the radio.
Credit where credit is due: the U.S. government admits the flow of illegal drugs northward to the U.S. market through Mexico fuels the Drug War. This past week, E. Anthony Wayne, the U.S. Ambassador to Mexico announced a new $5 million program to protect journalists in the war.
As members of Congress from both parties are drawing a connection between the House-passed budget and faith, the Faithful Budget Campaign, a coalition comprising the nation’s largest and most prominent Jewish, Christian and Muslim denominations as well as other faith-based institutions are continuing its efforts to encourage the adoption of the “Faithful Budget,” a set of comprehensive and compassionate budget priorities that makes balanced investments into the country’s needs and priorities. The Faithful Budget
Stop being squeemish. (LOL)
As I drove John home from the lab in the evenings, we would talk about the graduate students like happy parents, so delighted by the developments we were observing, the way they were thriving. We wrestled with complex grant applications (John liked to refer to these as “pop quizzes”), puzzled over some new computer program, and called on our own tech-savvy children to orient us when we were completely stymied.
I hear the strangest things-
I will say, the one thing that has always baffled me about these boys is, did they all know that the other was calling me? Was it an inside joke the three shared? Or was I this big secret that each one kept from the other? Oh well, I digress, back to the boys.
All this, whilst trying to become a solicitor.
Had Ananias been a follower of man, he would never have gone to the “street called Straight” and to the house of Judas. Saul of Tarsus was the most dangerous man on earth as far as the followers of Jesus Christ were concerned. When one becomes a Christian he takes on new leadership. We accept Christ as personal Saviour because the world fails us. Why, then, would we want to go back to man for advice and leadership?
"In my personal experience lately I've seen a trend that has not had me smiling (to be honest rather shocked me). And so I thought I'd bring it up as I see it as bizarre and against the beauty industry grain...in order for one person to succeed they feel the need to hurt or sabotage another to get where they believe they want or need to be..."
Iván Meade - What are you excited about right now in the world of design?
Happy Drinking!
I hope you realize from the above responses that I am a strong-willed, logical, and intelligent woman. Because of this, I feel as though it’s my duty not to like your music.
To which I replied, "You might better have a glass of water ready."
9 pm Open Mic Night, DP’s Classic Grille, Sheffield. Free, Contact: 256-383-5295
The roll of the smartphone, in particular the iPhone plays in the development and direction of photography cannot be dismissed as child’s play, for it is reshaping the meaning and interpretation of photography itself. Even if and when film makes a comeback as a medium, the iPhone will have changed how we view photography as a serious art form.
I bent over, trying to catch my breath, and Dave handed me a water bottle.
The Rose of Peace
Dreams of a Ragged Doll by Cate Gardner
Maybe I’m wrong, but it just feels icky.
It pours inky brown, like a brown stout. Great deep tan head that can't stay too long because of how malty the beer is--the pure weight seems to drag the head down. Small, slow bubbles. Opaque, with red highlights.
Share this post with:
Expect more objects falling from the skies in the coming weeks and days. There is a war going on up there, pieces of ships, Draco and human bodies, and debris will be raining down on the earth. It will seem Biblically apocalyptic but do not let fear overrun you or keep you inside.
Yet, Heritage Keepers Abstinence Education does not include information about the health benefits of contraception or condoms.
Don’t over-direct. Try not to give the subject too many instructions or be too specific about what you want them to say. In most cases it’s better to let them speak freely.
Another fun experiment was using the Night Landscape mode in broad daylight with super bright sunshine. It darkens the picture at the same time the slower shutter speed results in the wispy waterfall.
I have been trying to work on the book to get it done as soon as I can. I am going to post the book in it's entirety once it is finished.
When I'm going to stamp directly onto the base of a card, I stamp the image onto a scrap piece of the same card to test how it stamps.
Somewhat of a light drizzle starts but I’m hardly disturbed
Engineered by Tony Faulkner
It was so much fun to do, I really want to make cakes and decorate them pretty more often (◡‿◡✿)
I cannot wait to show you all what I found at culture shock! Since I have so many different goodies for you, it will be spread among a few posts, with two looks per post. Have fun and I hope you all enjoy!
Eastern Conference Semifinals:
Glock said: “Not a great second part of the day as our problems cost us half of the afternoon session. I had to get used to the track quickly, which was not easy as there are a lot of blind corners.
Brian has worked 4 very hard years to complete medical school. He has lost many sleepless nights studying hours upon hours the human anatomy, long pharmaceutical drug names and the many diseases, traveled across the country for various rotations (spending weeks away from his family) and all the while juggling his numerous responsibilities: husband, father, provider, student, son, brother, friend, church member and spending some much needed quiet time in prayer with Jesus. This left very little time for himself. I don't know how he did it but he balanced them and I admire all the sacrifices he has made for his family.
Survive this week, manage to get a lot of my projects done at work, send tons of emails catching up on things, keep caught up on blogging, read more, edit more photos, and breathe!
Malawi is one of the poorest countries in the world, with an estimated 75% of the population living on less than $1 (60p) a day.
The next day, preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.
Last Friday (not the one we just had, but the one before that) I had a bad dizzy spill and felt nauseas. I had been having dizzy spells for about a week, in addition to being very tired and forgetful. I decided to make a doctors appointment where I was told to get some bloodwork and a brain MRI. Almost everything came back normal last week, except for my thryoid which was three times higher than normal, and a low white blood count. After doing some research, I found out that a high thyroid test means an underactive thyroid which would explain my sluggishness. The nurse couldn't tell me last week what the course of action was until the doctor signed off on it.
Questions for Musa
Nick has loved Harper since the moment he met her, never loosing sight of that. When they see each other again it’s like a magnetic pull drawing them closer to each other again. This book was full of adventure as the two travel back across the country to NY and Boston.
In the fifth image I cropped the chair and the dresser out of the image. I think this change makes the picture alot better because the dog is the only thing in the picture. I revised the file name as ZakeyaMurphys Peedy Cropped.
I pushed it open and slipped inside, the door shut behind me automatically. I drew the flashlight I had also concealed in my boot and began to examine the statue of Zeus. I finally found a small button and pushed it, a satisfying “whoosh” sounded behind me and I turned to see there was another door.
Morning peeps. It's hump day baby. I'm in my stamp room just coloring away today. As most of you know, I color almost constantly and match the images to paper. This makes it so much easier to participate in challenges. I just grab my folder and pick out an image and before you know it a card as come together in minutes. You should try it.
Pictures only close friend can see at my Facebook photo..
Saudi state news agency SPA said the Cairo embassy as well as the kingdom’s consulates in the Mediterranean cities of Alexandria and Suez were closed.
Still need hand cover…I’ll figure out more later! I go onto the deck. The bird startles chaotically. I’m like OMG BIRD I WILL LOVE YOU AND HELP YOU DO NOT FREAK OUT I AM HERE TO HELP!
The following day, a group of 12 swimmers, including Governor Duncan Taylor, will take part in another channel swim between the two islands, starting at 7am.
What a mistake that was.
Today the kids got round to making up some of the craft kits we've bought them, and as usually we ran into trouble quite early on.
For some reason, she doesn’t mind so much being called by her old nickname by him.
the distance from koln
But the question is, “whether inaction can be action?”
The Diversity in YA Tour's Austin stop was wonderful. Thanks for coming out and thanks for all the books bought after the celebratory conversation.
I love dark chocolate.
Word came from the nursery that DD was to bring in a photograph of her family. Well it's just the two of us so not difficult to round everyone up. You'd think. But if both of us are in the picture, who going to take it? So we sat together with my arm outstretched in front of us clicking away blindly in the hope of some decent results. This is what we got.
I’ve been pretty positive about La Farge all the way through, pointing out a few deficiencies here and there, but being generally happy with the novel. He is incredibly skilled at drawing out how human beings really feel, and what it is like to walk in someone else’s shoes. He is rather bad at setting, and I think he may have engineered the novel to avoid being too large a cast: there are really only two characters who take up about 90% of the space in the book. But they’re wonderful characters, and I love them both.
Earlier I posted that scientists have shown how speaking out loud as you search for a missing item can increase the effectiveness and speed of the search, improving the cognitive process at the time.
and well put together teenage daughter was ready and waiting.
let them be dismayed,
We make our way to the “Grotti di Frasassi”, Europe’s biggest cave system. I have to admit; I found out about the cave by accident when reading the Lonely Planet guidebook. On the way, we stop at Tolentino to buy a few groceries and to find a shop with TIM sim cards. In a town where hardly anyone speaks English, it is quite a challenge to find the store. Even Google is of no help. Eventually I get a street name off a lady in a 3-Store, another telephone provider. Surprisingly we find the TIM store quickly, just that the service inside the store is anything else but quick. We wait around for what seems like over an hour and finally get served. Yippie, 20Euros and 250MB per week included for free. That’s pretty good and will save a lot of international roaming fees.
Collection period: 2005
So I wanted to give ya'll a heads up :)
My friend E and I are friends for many reasons but there is this thing that we do. It's a little about tuning into the same brain frequencies. I won't go as far as to say we know what each other are thinking but if I think a lot about something it seems as if he will bring it up. Many times we have picked up the phone to call the other and it doesn't even ring. We are just there. I might call and ask to have coffee and he says 'seriously? I was just picking up my phone to ask you about coffee' and vice versa.
thunderstorm leaving
i've got a confession to make, i'm totally addicted to coats. this little selection is rather edited down, i had a big clear out recently and the rest are 'in storage' ie. vacpacked under my sisters bed.
P. S. As you probably understood, such things annoy me none less then it would annoy the guy in the photo. That is the reason why I felt it needs to be said. Simple pimple, duh!
I feel like it’s been ages since I wrote, too. And, well, really so much stuff has happened that it makes it feel even longer! The move went well. We are finally all settled in to our new apartment. There are still pictures to hang, and boxes to unpack (the baby’s room is one big box right now) but, it finally feels more homey.
Just as Jo overcame the temptation to write sensation stories just for the money, so Alcott did in her own life, with her writing material reflecting this progression. Elizabeth Keyser in a brief biographical introduction of Louisa May Alcott’s Work, describes Alcott’s works from her early sensation stories to her final success as a children’s author. She touches on Alcott’s unfamiliar adult works, like Moods,saying that they “had been roughly treated by both its publisher and the reading public,” indicating the resistance Alcott received when she attempted to assert herself as an adult writer. In Alcott’s efforts to portray the truth of woman’s search for independence, “her candid treatment of adultery and divorce as alternatives to unhappy marriage,”(72) she found not to be lucrative to either pocketbook or soul. Though Alcott tried her hand at adult literature, she was satisfied with the fact that her fortune and name was made in her children’s literature, which has endeared the hearts of children of all ages for generations.
I also know my man loves me so much, he gets down on his knees to massage my leg in the middle of the supermarket when I am crippled with pain. That he will lift me up when I fall, and rub where I am hurt. Makes sure I’ve taken my tablets, and helps rub in my gel. He cooks and cleans for me, he looks after me.
There was a creek, as one of the shadowy figures opened one of the windows, and the air seemed to immediately clear, as the outside air guzzled the smoke up.
Nzimande said the SACP wanted its own deployment committee, which would ensure that the deployment of communists in government was not left solely to the ANC.
instinctively, I brush them away.
Tired of those pimples and can pay anything for getting rid of pimples? Okay, well, it is not an excruciatingly tough ask and is as easy as it can get. Try out these things to deal with acne and pimples.
On the Behr primer/paint - so far, so good.
*To attack the teetering pile of TBR books in the back room and knock out some challenge books.
After the high powered dance moves, Janet left the stage and clips of her various acting roles were shown -Penny from Good Times, Charlene from Different Strokes, Justice from Poetic Justice, and Pat from Why Did I Get Married Too – yes, the golf club smashing glass tables scene. The audience really screamed loudly during that clip. The lights went low and Miss Jackson was back in a lavender gown with silver spikes on the shoulders and a KILLER silver pair of Christian Louboutins. She sang Nothing, Come Back to Me, Let’s Wait Awhile. Following the slow songs, Janet kicked things back into high gear. She killed I Get Lonely.
The Tea Party movement is the modern equivalent of the American Revolution that went quite well, albeit taking some seven years to wear out the British resolve to hold onto its colonies. Within six months, the new nation had signed agreements with Great Britain to get trade going again though, in 1812, there was another disagreement involving a bit of military conflict. Since then, we have been good friends through thick and thin.
Slate Tile Information and Cleaning Advice
Unfortunately, in these days we have all been turned foolish by neglecting our real comfort and identifying the material cage with ourselves. We have concentrated all our energies for the meaningless upkeep of the material cage for its own sake, completely neglecting the captive soul within. The cage is meant for the undoing of the bird; the bird is not meant for the welfare of the cage. Let us, therefore, deeply ponder this. All our activities are now turned toward the upkeep of the cage, and the most we do is try to give some food to the mind by art and literature. But we do not know that this mind is also material in a more subtle form. This is stated in the Gītā (7.4):
It’s time to put her to bed. She’s asleep from all the wine but this time she didn’t start yelling. It’s always worse when she yells. Overall, it’s been a good night.
"Oh! Here's a picture of a cute dress for a little girl!"
Mormon Moron: Are you friends with Amy and Derek ?
MeetRickPerry.com (TDP is still in the building stages of this site right now, so the homepage is a fundraising push at this point… but I still thought this was amusing and wanted to share.)
I was really quite small because I remember my next sister up, who is seven years older than me, reading me the story of Baldur the Beautiful from the Norse myths. It's one of the central Norse myths. Baldur the god (roughly equivalent to Apollo) has been rendered almost entirely invulnerable to weapons because his mother has made all the plants and minerals in the world promise never to harm him. But of course there is one she has forgotten (as in the legend of Achilles). Hodur, Baldur’s blind brother is sad because he can’t join in the hurling of weapons at Baldur in the hall of the gods. The trickster god, Loki, who is always left out of everything in Valhalla, fashions Hodur a spear out of mistletoe wood (of course that was the plant their mother had left out) and helps him to aim it. Baldur is killed instantly. And Hodur is devastated. It made a huge impression on me, hard to describe – a feeling of mystery, grandeur and tragedy which I find irresistible to this day.
This one is ceramic, so he's more fragile. I haven't decided where I'll put him, but I know he'll be in a safe place where certain corgis can't knock him over and break him. (We won't mention any names.)
These will be read — or not read — and most will be returned to the library for the next sale.
So essentially since they have no evidence they are calling for a review.
Spring in Pompano, Lighthouse Point, 1969
Van Cleef & Arpels Lys Carmin
Also, thanks so much to everyone who played along in last week's challenge. We loved seeing your wonderful creations! Be sure to stop back tomorrow and see who our winner is and who has been chosen to be in our Top 3!
Salamander came from Merida in the Yucatan in Mexico. Both a respected politician and a scientist, Salamander received worldwide acclaim for his invention of Sun Store technology to beam sunlight from Earth orbit in order to help the growth of crops and alleviate global hunger on an overpopulated planet. Secretly, he also committed murders of officials in order to ensure his goal of world domination so he could replace them with other officials that Salamander could trust. With a team of scientists, who he had tricked into working for him, he created "natural" disasters such as volcanos and earthquakes happen at will.
Appear! The most successful businesses in the world make use of Automatic Methods. Why? Because methods function, people fail. Systems can existing and sell all day long and many people are just not that proficient at it.
Writers : John Hughes
So, let’s talk about the killer in this movie. He is possibly the worst slasher in the history of slasher movies. You see him preparing for his night of killing by sitting in the lotus position like a monk, he has no nipples because apparently he cut them off (they don’t explain this but I’m guessing) but this has no bearing on the story. He’s obviously just a guy because he doesn’t come back at the end (thank God). He wears a mask that is a chrome skull. They call him Chrome Skull. And do you wanna know why? Because that’s what HIS LICENSE PLATE SAYS! So this guy is some no-nippled freak but he had the time to go to the DMV to get a vanity plate and actually procure a driver’s license? I wonder if he wore the mask at the time? At least he smiled in his picture. And is “Chrome Skull” really the best name they could come up with? That worked for “Leatherface”, but Jason isn’t called “Hockey Mask” and this guy is as unimaginative in his kills as he is in naming abilities. In all honesty, they should have called the movie Chrome Skull, at least to let us know what we are in for. The mask itself looks ridiculous, Jason was scarier with the burlap sack than this guy is, and it looks like he actually put time into his mask. This guys MO is to kidnap women, put them in coffins, and then kill them and put them in dumb positions in the coffins. But he must get bored because he just ends up killing people with knives. Also when you have a killer who can be easily knocked down by a crippled guy, you don’t have too much going for yourself. He’s the Charlie Chaplin of serial killers. Also they never give this guy any reason for killing people. I’m not the kind of person who needs a back story for every villain. I usually hate them. But with this guy, they add all these weird touches which never come into play in the movie. Like he attaches a camera to his shoulder to videotape his victims (actually this does play a small but stupid role later in the movie). It would have at least added something interesting to the movie if you found out why he has no nipples.
Heat the oil for the sauce in a small sauce pan. Add the garlic, ginger, jalapeños or serranos and green onions and cook for about 2 minutes. Whisk in remaining ingredients and heat through. Turn off the heat.
Seth's new book...it was really cool to see so many of my
into your room, after a night of rain.
Against all advice that the rest of the family would deal with it, Mr and Mrs Youngest cancel their flights and retrieve their baggage. Deeply upset they arrange a vet to investigate the dog and check their pet insurance. In the end the dog has to have an operation to remove a blood clot from its spine. £5,000 and counting. We still don't know whether he's going to pull through. Here's hoping.
This is a measure of a society’s willingness to take risks. In a culture with high uncertainty avoidance people are more likely to hold out for the sure bet and to not try to fix what isn’t broken. In a culture with low uncertainty avoidance, you’re more likely to have risk takers and innovators who don’t mind a bit of uncertainty in their life.
Do I regret it? Oh yeah!
﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿For months, I walked by a storefront on Atlantic avenue whose windows were covered with the image of a cartoon character. I always assumed it was going to be a graphic design office or a comicbook store.
I heard him laugh and say, “Well I never! And I thought I knew dogs. Clowie’s the first dog I’ve ever seen worry about what might be still to come. Most dogs would have eaten the first half and then tried for the rest.”
Gourmet food gifts are great to give this holiday season!!! I am a big foodie and just love cooking and experimenting with different flavors! You can find amazing gifts to give at Omaha Steaks!! They offer so many great things to choose from and it's all guaranteed to be the highest quality products!
5. Did your really like it, no I mean really? What did you like best? Are you sure? Do you think "thwap" is really a verb? Maybe I should change chapter three before you send it to anyone.
Heat the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet, over medium high heat. Add the turkey steaks,a few at a time, and cook for several minutes on each side until the cheese is crisp and golden brown, and the juices run clear. Be careful not to over cook them. Don't turn over before the first side is golden brown in colour. Keep warm and repeat with the rest, until you have cooked all the turkey steaks.
Sweet Mother is updated daily. Please – for the love of all that is holy – “follow” this blog by using the follow button at the top. Like it and share it too. Momma will love you for it.
My first thought whenever I am given, for example, a range of positioning concepts to research is “what’s the response likely to be?”. My answers are partly based on 30 years’ experience in the business, but they are also informed by simply thinking for myself as someone who buys stuff. Very often, I can see that at least half of the ideas are non-starters, for reasons that would be blindingly obvious to any human being who has ever bought in the market concerned – and probably to most of those who have not. And, being pathologically unable to avoid making my life difficult, I go back to clients and gently enquire about these ideas in an effort to help them see that they are not marketing to zombies steeped in brand theory but to real people who live in their streets and use the same trains to commute; in other words, more often than not, people like them.
of the body. So help me God in the Lord Jesus Christ."
Multiple Scoregasms
The European politicians know this. Their economists, or at least some of them, know what the solution to this situation is. The Big Multinational Capitalists also know what the solution is. Many of the technicians and bureaucrats of the international state bodies like the IMF also know what the solution is. It is not austerity, but growth. But not any kind of growth. It has to be growth based upon a shift from consumption to investment, and investment in high value production, at least to a certain degree. It requires a restructuring of European Capital, but in order to bring about that restructuring, the European economies have to be prevented from going into a serious recession. That would only further increase the wariness of Capital to undertake the necessary investment. It will require additional borrowing to finance this investment and restructuring to bring about growth. That is why those economies like Germany, who ultimately will have to pick up much of the bill, in assorted transfer payments, are particularly keen to establish the necessary kinds of controls at an EU level that will prevent funds simply leaching away into unproductive consumption.
The man was a skinny, stoop shouldered Jew, shirtless, sweating, stinking of fear. He pointed ahead of them, where a small wood could be seen looming in the orange haze of the smoke-filled air; the trees were bare, straight and black, like charred bones. “Your men are in there.” He mumbled in imperfect Russian.
In 1 Corinthians, Paul is speaking to the actions of believers regarding disputes and sins. In the world’s order, we judge Christians and non-Christians alike. In God’s order, we judge those who would claim to be Christian according to God’s standards of behavior and we judge the remaining world by a lesser standard, knowing that they do not know Christ. As Paul writes, “I have written you in my letter not to associate with sexually immoral people – not at all meaning the people of this world who are immoral, or the greedy and swindlers, or idolaters. In that case you would have to leave the world. But now I am writing you that you must not associate with anyone who calls himself a brother, but is sexually immoral or greedy, an idolater or a slanderer, a drunkard or a swindler.” 1 Cor. 5:9-11 In man’s order, we tell each other that we must not judge; in God’s order we “must” judge those who claim to be part of the family. The order of God and the order of man are even different when it comes to how judging should occur. While it is fine to seek the law courts to obtain judgment involving non-Christians, the order of God is that, among those within the church, disputes should be handled within the church. “If any of you has a dispute with another, dare he take it before the ungodly for judgment instead of before the saints?” 1 Cor. 6:1
“In all these areas, we are showing the down payment on the change we need.
I'm planning to crack on with Radio Gaga to get this last 10k done - I always procrastinate at the end of a single title. Then, I need to polish and submit my Easter short. I got a nice surprise to find A Cornish Christmas in Amazon's top 100 Romance short stories yesterday which was a real boost. I love writing the fun short novella's and I'm so pleased people seem to be enjoying them.
I’ve found that when you use the browser to scale type the get aspect ratio function ceases to provide meaningful numbers for screen.width and screen.height, but if you access those values directly through the console they also seem to be screwed up. I’m not sure if there’s anything that can be done about it.
And yesss I have another Fabulous lady who agreed to be my GDT (for this week) ...and that is Roberta Laliberte, she is also an artist, she makes digistamps, wonderful paintings and lots of other stuff....She also has her own Challenge Blog called Prairie Fairy Fun Fridays and her own Digistamps Shop called Prairie Fairy Designs...check it out guys. Thank you Roberta for joining me into the fun at the Sketch Saturday Challenge....."mwah" and yesss You also have to check out her Blog too....then you can see for yourself what I am talking about....wowzersssss.....
Beyond the search for an unsullied name, the return of these brands also speaks to a desire for greater clarity in the financial services industry. Everyone knew what firms like E.F. Hutton did; they had a clear business focus and a mission that was well understood by clients. Nowadays, it’s hard for customers – large and small – to be sure if a giant bank really knows their business and is committed to them.
12. One-way Ticket
Through and through....my mother & grandmother are with me, helping me grow.
I'm trying to remain strong for her on this because I know that she's really upset about having to move and she doesn't need me to remind her how much it sucks.
He also wanted to know where Ireland was, so he went off to get his globe ball and we found it on the map!
Friends, there is a major gap in my knowledge of Iranian cuisine. I'm behind the times. How could I possibly know about modern Iranian street food? Evidently, pizza places are a common occurence in cities like Tehran and especially Shiraz. And, like in the United States, pizza in Iran has taken on an identity of its own, a far cry from its Italian roots. (Side note: why does everyone appropriate -- and bastardize -- Italian food? I had "spaghetti" in Tokyo that was dressed with corn, octopus, cream sauce, and seaweed. All in one dish. Wha? Side note to side note: The fork-twirling skills of the clientele at said Tokyo spaghetti joint, accustomed to eating with chopsticks, put me to serious shame.)
Okay. I'll admit it: It was a bit weird reading the synopsis for her upcoming movie after spending over four years feeding my rabid Hot4Jesus fans tidbits of my own former fundagelical life that I left behind soon after I moved to the big city and was in a car accident.
I was pumping my slick cock harder and faster, now, pressing my pelvis up. The frissons began to move up again, and this time I wouldn’t resist.
But back to stamping today and this little beauty arrived in the post from a fellow demonstrator and friend, Ann Wall. Ann is an adopted member of our team as her own upline lives far away and she sent me this gorgeous card recently using that favourite Sale-a-Bration stamp set, Fresh Vintage. I love how she punched out the postage stamp shapes from the images and also from Mocha Morning DSP.
12:00 pm. I love this new technique. It’s so intuitive and very painterly. Just like working with water colors. I feel as though it would be very easy to sit down and experiment without feeling like I’m going to ruin my project. I can imagine a shape I want to make and how I could knit it. This is really empowering.
NASDAQ OMX Group Inc 539,840 10,570,067
and the big one wrapped his arms around and hugged the little
According to a posting on the Malaysian High Commission website in London, “all Malaysians and their families” living in the UK are invited to enjoy an “Evening With the Prime Minister” on May 14 complete with free flow of food, drinks and cultural events.
Stone Brewing Co. Stone Pale Ale
A few more things Ocean Conservancy volunteers found:
I am very fortunate to have HIGHLY trained individuals to aid me in the practice. I haven't done any chest draw work before but was reminded it was a similar pivot as the waist draw. As they'd taught me before, from the waist you draw to the pit - an pivot of the strong hand's wrist straight up and out so that one can shoot instantly. Then press outward and the weak hand merges as the eyes remain on the threat, bringing the front sight into view. "Front sight, PRESSSS"
Leanne the Cake Charmer and we will never forget Bonnie,
The recipe calls for simmering the dumplings. Seriously: simmer. If you boil these, they are likely just to fall apart in the pot. Edible, but in the same way a fistful of dough is.
want her anymore. She would
2 Shapes- Luv It and Cube It!
Winston Churchill once said, “Never, never, never give up.”
So the thing that keeps a star from just flying apart is gravity. In the case of VY Canis Majoris, there is so much mass that when the fusion stops going, gravity is just going to kind of take over and crush the core of the star into a black hole. Black holes are things that our brightest physicists don't really understand. Places where infinite gravity takes over and time stops and light can't even escape.
Please contact J.W., Jonathan Stein at: (860) 751-4482 or jstein@wsj4.org with questions.
Thanks for nothing, Pat.
-Jules
39. Holding her upside down by the legs while she giggles and screams uncontrollably is great for your biceps. WARNING: She has no concept of muscle fatigue.
I think it's true that my brain needs a bail!
Starcrossed was only the second book I've read in the mythology genre, but let me tell you, it captured me right away! I'm finding that I really love reading these mythology-based stories-- they're just so much fun and really entertaining to read, and even though I'm definitely not a mythology-buff, the different plot-lines and cast of colorful characters pull me right into the story. Starcrossed was everything that I'd look for in a mythological story-- it was fun, entertaining, mysterious, suspenseful, and able to keep me turning the pages with an awesome plot-line!
As someone who, even now, still considers himself a student of cinema (and film criticism) rather than an authority on the art form by any means, Wood's explication of the role of a film critic especially resonates with me. I am only one voice, and I can only bring my own personal experiences and emotional makeup to bear on assessing the value of a work of art. Whether my voice is of any value to anyone is, I guess, up to the individual.
I think that these ideas are the best for myself and my household. Not only are they extremely simple to do but they could result in monetary savings as well as less demand on electricity and oil resources. At a minimum for my household and just maybe some others who read this. I know I will probably get some grief from my wife but I got her to recycle more already so this should follow in step. I will get her to help me with this project by actively getting her to participate at the household level. This should keep us both motivated and keep the project going even longer than this course will last this summer.
glimpsing the last pinpoint of light
I tasted
- Interact with students through workshops and guest lectures
Take completed applications w/bib number imprinted to the Race Timer service (Granite State Race Services) personnel on duty for entry into timing database for proper race placement & timing.
This haiku also appears on my Page at The Haiku Registry at The Haiku Foundation (THF). It was also selected for their 2012 THF Haiku App. My technical skills do not go beyond blogging, so I haven’t seen an app! Nonetheless, I was so happy to hear about this from Billie Wilson, the Secretary for THF, earlier this year.
"Just this little one called return". He answers.
It's been a whole year! It's hard to believe. Today it is pouring down rain, and as I was thinking back on our wedding day one year ago, I remembered, it poured all morning long then too! I mean cool, wet rain. I was so nervous because I wanted pictures outside so badly. God came through, and by the time I had my dress on, the sun was shining...
Writing was a dream, hidden but not forgotten, and soon Kim began to talk again of trying her hand at it. She played with words, and wrote several poems, one of which was picked up for an anthology
Anyone else feel like their 'mojo' carries on having a vacation after you've returned back home? I'm sure mine is having a nice, relaxed visit to the Wellness Spa in Clarens because I sure haven't found it back home...
Don’t think Im hungry just cuz it wiggles. You put in your own time around here homey. Make no mistake….if it tastes good then Ill tie you up and make sure you get lots of good attention with just the right amount of pressure….. but that will only happen …if youre available.
Pick the product that really is for you. Then go and do some research on your “warm market” about that product to find out if they are interested in. Putting some passion in promoting a product will give you more power to sell it than promoting only for the sake of the money.
Ducking inside the fortress-like glass tower on a cold night, we found a sleek yet welcoming space. There was the bar area, floor to ceiling wine racks encased in glass, like a 1-story version of Aureole Vegas, followed by the main dining room with vaulted ceilings.
Firstly, I'm going to let you know why I've been absent: It's because I've been exceptionally tired. And not for the reasons you may think.
“You better come and look at this,” he grimaced as if in pain. She wasn’t sure if something was really wrong with her car or if he was just being a jerk.
March the 3rd came and went with the minimum of fuss. Our union would have had us believe that the "company" was acting in a rash , unprepared manner, and that chaos was afoot.
Juliet was particularly agitated I think because we didn’t leave quickly and she had longer to dread the departure time which wasn’t fair to her. We tried to play and distract her but it was very clear that she knew what was up given how she raced up and down, pawing at my leg and lying by the door. It was, frankly, heartbreaking not to be able to reassure her that we would be back that night.
In short, the government (as a private corporation) is not in debt in any way whatsoever. It cannot really be in debt to itself now can it?
In City…’s 1986, the ice caps have already melted, the world is already in ruins, and New York is a sort of a series of canals with no power. It’s all beautifully drawn by Mézières, who contrasts really cartoony characters (there’s even a Jerry Lewis-looking silly scientist, just in case you forgot the book was French) with stark and detailed backgrounds that tend to remind me of Jack Kirby’s Kamandi.
at some time fallen into them.
Love will find you where you are
Starring- Claire Wilbur, Calvin Culver, Lynn Lowry, Gerald Grant, Carl Parker
Following his Olympic gold medal, this boy with an incomplete arm was selected in the first round of the big league draft. He continued to amaze skeptics after made his major league team without ever playing a minor league game.
It would be good if we could get women, midwives, and obstetricians all to agree that it is not good for midwives or obstetricians to lack the knowledge and skills that were once considered essential to both professions. Skills that are being lost already at a rapid rate include: the ability to diagnose a false pregnancy before a cesarean is performed, the ability to safely assist vaginal birth of breech babies or multiple gestation babies, and manual palpitation and pelvimetry. I could go on, but you get the idea.
Police constable – officers who turn up to public 999 calls, investigate volume crime or take initial action at critical incidents. Also work on neighbourhood teams to target long-term problems.
I returned to watch a bit more Conrad (the distorted violin solo had not, in fact, ended) before just generally faffing around for a bit. Somehow I always manage to spend some time just generally faffing around at events like this (and, indeed, when it comes to life in general). I eventually returned to Boxxxxxxxxed for Silver Apples, electronic music legend and such. The last time I saw him saw an interesting atmospheric dissonance in the audience – there seemed to be an equal mix of people genuflecting in reverence/awe and people openly laughing at him. This time around your man was suffering from equipment malfunctions a-plenty. I must admit I chuckled to myself when the CD that he was playing for his beats skipped. I got enjoyment from it all in comical way, but if you go in for any solemn temple of art nonsense then this would probably have been horrific. “I Don’t Know” was at least genuinely eerie.
- Plan to major in business, engineering, technology, mathematics or physical science fields;
Whether you are keeping secrets or have an edge with esoteric information, and have a sense of where and what you’ll do with changing; take your time.
The truth, it seems, has been uncovered. After demanding information from her, Fortunata eventually confessed that it was she who had fed her husband the poison Belladonna, arguing that it was a kinder death than the one that the Senate would give him. Perhaps so, but Sestillius would have broken his own ring and not have given it away to his wife for fear of fraudulent activities which Fortunata was prepared to undertake. The other scroll we found to be Sestillius’s will and she had planned to divert the money to herself rather than the original recipients that he had intended, his cousin I think.
Simply wanting all the attention as a point of “feeling worthy of self” Though this point of “feeling worthy of self” will also be challenged within a world of equality where simply by birthright one has access to all the necessities just like the next person, and no more will one be placed in a system where one develop complexes of unworthiness due to seeing others having so much more, simply a result of if they were born into a fortunate position or not. The point within an Equal Money System is to have every being that is born onto this earth, no matter where they are in the world be in an equal position/starting point as the next.
le temo mas a la 'via'
9. Demming Truck Terminal: “The 24 hour restaurant at the Demming Truck Stop is amazing. It seems like a typical truck stop diner with early 90’s country music, but it is also a great place to stop for Indian truck drivers—and for anyone who wants the most authentic Indian food on I-10 for that matter. Just ask them for the Indian menu—they have Mah Dal, Raj Mah, Gazar Mattar, Kheer…” –Demming, NM—Truck Terminal
I mentioned before that at Granny’s house there was no television. But they did have a radio, and while we didn’t spend much time listening to radio programs, we did gather in the big formal living room when the storm warning would go off. I’ll never forget the sound of that radio warning system, a bell clanging/musical/drum rolling type warning that would sound in the spring and summer months when a storm was stirring up a fuss. We would listen in silence, waiting for the the sound of the weather announcers voice to come crackling over the speakers, informing us of whatever weather disaster loomed just outside the safety of Granny’s front door.
At the time, she found strength in the support of her family and friends, as well as from other women with cancer. But when it came to her daughter, she found herself struggling to decide if Chloe should be told. “I actually didn’t tell Chloe while I was going through treatment. She had lost her best friend Colette to cancer at a young age and I didn’t want to frighten her as she associated the word ‘cancer’ with ‘death.’ Chloe would only find out years later, and Olivia assured her that she was fine then. “She replied with something so sweet I will never forget it. She said ‘mum, why didn’t you tell me, I could have taken care of you’.”
As has been said for many years, if you import the Third World, you become the Third World. In 2009 The Guardian admitted that a staggering 25% of black South African males had committed single or multiple rapes in the previous year alone, which correlates to the ever-rising number of rape cases involving children unfortunate enough to attend schools in the increasingly diverse inner cities of Britain.
The irony of the Bersih 3.0 rally was that it was Ambiga Sreenevasan and not premier Najib Abdul Razak, who managed to unite the rakyat and give true meaning to his favourite slogan, ‘1Malaysia’.
I know I am now really shy, but am I always going to be this shy or is it a phobia for which there are some treatments? I am considerably socially inept and socially anxious at most times, and when under observation that is what all the practitioners have recorded, but those sessions of CBT were meant to elevate this problem by making me more assertive in relationships, seeing problems, challenging them head on and dealing with them swiftly.
I feel as if I've been punched in the stomach. I've always known Dad was absent on the day they handed out tact. And I've always known Dad was a fan of thin women. But he never said it so bluntly - that I'm not tha attractive the way I am.' (p83)
First, the EU. Surprise surprise, Brussels isn’t that bothered about the fact that quite a large batch of new Orban laws threaten individual liberty: the changes that human-rights lawyers see as an attempt to cement his Party, Fidesz, in power are ignored in favour of three key pieces of legislation: one diluting the powers of Hungary’s central bank president Andras Simor; another lowering the retirement age for judges and prosecutors from 70 from 62; and a third replacing the head of Hungary’s data-protection authority.
CHOICE 1 A small intimate dinner on the beach
I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me, Superman!
TRACKS (DISC 2):
ISpyCamping.com is a price-comparison website featuring camping and caraving vacations in France, Spain, Italy, Portugal and Croatia. Whether you’re an experienced camper or first-timer, it can be an extremely useful tool. It’s also just fun to browse.
"I wasn’t sure for a while if the book would go ahead, but that didn’t matter in the slightest – it was such terrible and sad news. Anyway, after a while, and much thought by AudioGO and the production team, I was told to write it in the third person, and just get on with it...!
Supported markup languages: HTML, XHTML, WML
We've joined a CSA again this year, so that feels like a good balance of what we'd like to have on our land, knowing that we'll also get yummy local veggies from a local organic farm. :)
He didn’t necessarily agree with my verdict but he told me that he could “see my point”.
Baggy Jeans
Director Alan G. Parker
This is very very awkward writing. You can see that if you try to read that sentence out loud.
No, but really. This is twice now in the last few months that someone I barely know asks me if I can buy them X, Y or Z from Japan for them.
Wrap your sausages in a rasher of bacon, and place in a large metal roasting dish. Metal is essential here as the batter rises with the combination of eggs & searing heat, which wont conduct as well through glass or ceramic. Add a splash of oil, about 2 tablespoons.
But, writing makes me happy. I am committed to being happy. What more can I ask for?
Wait a while before putting on a top coat. If it's not dry, the polish will drag over the design ruining the effect.
Then, I hopped in the truck and headed to the North East side to see the girls. I chatted with my mom the whole way, too. She was at work already, and we had fun chatting. I stayed till around 11 and chatted with the girls. They are a TON of fun.
soul shift takes place
2 cups shredded cooked chicken breast (about 2 pcs)*
I'm weighing up pro's and cons.
1. For the record, the transcription in the image is my own. I had difficulty reading a few of the symbols on the screen, and my Greek is so rusty that I couldn’t tell you what any but the most basic words are supposed to be (so I wasn’t able to use that knowledge to inform my transcription).
She has a beautiful new little creation!!!
Ahhh --
if the dog bites,
Sharing this with Mr Therapist was a mass achievement for me today, we discussed a little more about where my binge eating originated from, the jealously I encountered about the girl living next-door growing up, the secrecy surrounding mum’s health issues, the difficult family relationships among other things. For me this is all things I have pondered on for the past year, and everything makes a lot of more sense, the main issue is getting out of the binge eating cycle, that is the hardest step I have to encounter, it is like someone who self harms and who is desperate to stop slicing open there skin. You can only take it one day at a time and if you slip up once, twice, thrice then so be it… tomorrow is always another day.
‘Relationship’ may sound pretentious, I know, but I'm not sure how else to describe the rapport a child can develop with a favourite book. I've lost count of the number of times I've tried to throw out a tatty old copy I thought my children had grown out of, only for them to throw a wobbler, as if I am threatening to throw out their best friend. And I’m pretty sure it is not just me who feels this way. The feeling is embodied in a conversation I had with a friend not long ago. She was bemoaning the fact that she had loaned a favourite book to an acquaintance and that said person had ... horror of horrors ... offered to give her a brand new copy to replace the by now dog-eared original. "It just wouldn't be the same – it wouldn't be MY book!" she wailed. I just can't imagine feeling that way about a pdf ...
“Cameron,” I said, trying not to draw attention to it, “he doesn’t even know what the f word is.”
The Free University of Brussels is not free
My wife and I have just spent the last few months watching every episode of "Doc Martin" a British TV series about a Doctor (not that other Doctor) who relocates from a job as a top surgeon in London to general practitioner in Portwenn, a tiny fictional village in Cornwall.
Before we headed out though, we did manage to see a "real live" alligator along the bank of the water that bordered the hotel grounds. With signs that said Do Not Feed The Alligators, we had doubts we would be fortunate enough to see one, but we were! It was a highlight for us all.
Here are the books I'm giving away:
Before I share today's "tail" with you...
After the vandals were finished with it, the marquee sign in front of Hickory’s Tabernacle Baptist Church read: “Hate Speech Sunday April 22.” The black paint obliterated the sign’s original message: “Marriage Sunday April 22.”
“It won’t be the end of the world, but the real (deal) is going to happen in the next 15 to 20 years,” he said. “And I’m not interested in anything but the truth.”
their smiles reflecting the light of possibility
Am I just going through the motions?
by Richard McGuire, 2002
She’s now facing up to three years in jail.
I'm no Paul fan, but Stefano? Really? He doesn't even have a tracheotomy scar to show us every week as he goes AFE on us!
I am here to say that introversion is a grand thing, and that it should be embraced; applauded even. I am here to stand and speak up for all of the introverts of the world. It’s time we made our mark. It’s time that we start to not only accept, but love and value the sensitive, insightful, deep thinking, creative and imaginative souls that we are.
“Gratitude… gratitude… it’s the proper attitude. Show some gratitude.” These are the lyrics of one of the songs currently playing in my car. Clara is preparing for another class musical, a play about how character matters. A tour through a series of fairytales, the show highlights in a humorous way the quality characteristics fairytale heroes and villains may or may not exhibit. Apparently, in this song, the 7 dwarfs are chappy because Snow White never thanked them for saving her from the evil stepmother, for performing the Heimlich to bring up the poison apple. I guess they have a point. She merely hops on the prince’s horse, throws a mild kiss and waves gracefully as she rides off into the sunset. So much for gratitude.
Oh so slowly. Slow enough to know I wasn't going to connect head on. Slow enough to know that I was certainly going to connect. I reached the bars to turn but not the brakes to slow. It was with pace and power that I shoulder-charged the van, pace and power enough to do insurance claim worthy damage to its side panel. With my shoulder. I bounced off. The bike flew away unscathed. I dropped to the tarmac and lay crumpled in the bright Sunday morning sun.
So…my first effort to take the kids out was of course on one of those overcast chilly days. But they happily obliged and thoroughly enjoyed themselves….well, unless we were swinging. Remember how I mentioned in a previous post how Ryan has no fear, except for swings? Well, for any doubters, here’s proof.
May 25th: Transform Your Wedding and Honeymoon Ephemera into a Work of Art by Guest Artist Helga Strauss
With a smile on my own face I have just bounced around in a happy dance at home; my page for the UOAS 15MAR challenge was among the 5 pages featured! JRABS aka Jennifer Snyder's gorgeous gorgeous page won and rightfully so! I am soooo honoured!
Watching her, a sinking ship
on the seat
Shelia ;)
I can't imagine a better reason for being last. "The last shall be first." Indeed.
Parker and Elvis had a unique partnership, with Parker having all the business smarts and Elvis having the artistic smarts and neither one really understanding the other. A recipe for a disastrous success.
People who have not realised their own perfection, project their imperfections on you! The imperfections are in our standards not in reality.
We know that Judas Iscariot betrayed Jesus Christ and then he took his own life. He was replaced, as we read in the Book of Acts, by Matthias:
8. On The Rocks 6:31
The development of Matt as the starting quarterback is really the only main plot narrative in the episode, but there are a few other small things that grabbed my interest.
Evil men ride the soot black steeds of power in your lands and they wish you only ill. They will cut you down, they will burn your history books and replace them with their lies. and then they will do the same to you
I have been asked to show you my finished bride dolls. As you can see they have ringletted hair, a veil and I've added a few silver beads for their tiaras. I'm sure these will amuse the little flower girls on the big day don't you?
2) Put Most Bankers in Chains; Put a Leash on the Rest
When I was a kid I used to post my red ribbons across the top of the bulletin board in my room. The green ribbons would go in the drawer in my desk, underneath my report cards. Today in my office, a single tattered green ribbon hangs on the bulletin board above my computer screen. It reminds me of the lessons being taught that day on the beach by kids who were thrilled just to be in the game.
Tea-parties are eternal: they never end;
My reading/book signing as an invited author as part of the St. Mary's Storytelling Inc.'s Once Upon a Thames Storytelling Festival on Saturday morning at the St. Mary's Public Library is small news. But It's Exciting to me as I read some of my poetry and a little bit from my book but not Bieber-exciting nosirree!
We haven't had a date in a very long time.
I am addicted to chinaware. Everywhere I traveled in Japan, I always came back with dishes. I have assembled the most lovely, eclectic set of chinaware you could imagine. It's not crazy-taking-up-rooms-and-rooms of space, just a couple of cabinets. Every piece I bought has a memory attached to it; I really love that.
Professor Dronkers agrees that ethnic diversity can have a positive effect on children of highly educated parents. “In that case there is an added value.” The scientist says that migrant children from non-Islamic countries like China, South Korea and India are also a positive exception to the rule.
Goodbye summer!! You were great this year, I just hope you decide to come back next year, maybe even a little bit early? Don't get me wrong, I kind of like winter, but you're definitely my favourite.
There are many who will dispute the wisdom of planning for Israel’s evacuation to the U.S. Many Israelis and Americans, both Jewish and non-Jewish will contend that the mere planning is an admission of looming defeat. They might hold that planning the evacuation of here young, elderly, sick, and incapable sends a clear message that are unable to guarantee Israel’s right to exist. Some will point to Iran’s long-standing threats towards Israel, and our contingency planning might have the unintended consequence of fulfilling that pledge. Others will insist that all Jews have an obligation to come to Israel’s defense in Israel and go to their deaths defending her, no matter the military outcome. Still others will point to Israel’s potent strategic arsenal and lethal capacity. They will contend that what Israel needs most is a U.S. guarantee that we will come to her physical defense, and not to send signals to the contrary by planning her evacuation.
Being a boss can be overwhelming and exhilarating at the same time. If you accept the added burden of being a manager, you’ll enjoy your work more and find creative ways to manage multiple priorities.
The Pew Research results of the partisan knowledge is not a statistical anomaly, but in fact, is consistent with Pew's Partisan Differences in Knowledge from October 2011 which found:
Just around the corner,
“What your grandfather respected was strength. Discipline,” Obama quoted his grandmother as telling him. “This is also why he rejected the Christian religion, I think.
Now it's all cropped green fields, car parks and triple carriageways serving the shopping centre. The quiet Sunday afternoon walk behind the church and round to the main road is an expensive leisure complex. And kids trapped in the school run are taken round the shops to socialise them.
rub
Dear Moto Drivers,
Happy Resurrection Sunday.
Kate has no waist. She has, what is often referred to as, a boyish figure. The tailoring in that dress however (SUCH BLOOMING CLEVER TAILORING), gave her the hourglass of all hour glass figures to die for. The addition of the layered pleats at the waist was perfect for giving the illusion of a waist where there isn’t one.
One for my notice board.
Kimberly Hill blogs almost daily at It Began In Camp 4 about cooking, food preservation, homeschooling, sewing, road tripping with kids and anything else that comes up.
These were important lessons, and I learned them at a crucial stage in my life. I was trying to find myself, to create myself, to understand how I fit in. I was trying to fit in, and also trying to stand out, and also learning that I could do both. I could be both. I could be so many things all at once – an actress, a musician, a giver of speeches, a leader, a writer, a nerd, a friend. I could be both weird and popular. I could be both myself and likeable. And I was. And I am.
11. Tim Butler - All The Rest
and showed she was totally excited to be there.
City Councilwoman Elizabeth Crowley (D-Middle Village) and Rep. Anthony Weiner (D-Queens/Brooklyn) spoke out about the issue Monday - two months after a tornado swept through the neighborhood and knocked down trees and power lines.
Today's another day with abundant sunshine. I think a Mother's Day bike ride is in order today :)
Hollers were sung by street vendors in the city calling out their wares. In a Philadelphia marketplace the Pepper Pot lady sang:
"What time is it?"
The reserve is best known for its warblers (sedge, grasshopper and reed) and there have been sightings of corncrake, water rail and quail; it's a stronghold of owls and hen harriers too, and of polecats, badgers, voles and shrews. We saw none of these, though I'm sure they're there in numbers. Even on good day, I suspect it's one of those places that you spot only a few species.
Kamali
The two tiny butterflies punches is a gift from my sister..
Ok, I am done now. :)
There is an influx of Divine Love that is being gifted to each and everyone. These are powerful times and the celestial realms are offering incredible support, energy and significant vibrational downloads which can activate and can assist each individual to clear what needs to be cleared in order to re-weave, envision and create a new reality for all. Hold the vision of a reality in which humanity will be held in the embrace of the vibration of love, a reality in which humanity will shift into a high coherent state of consciousness and ascend into higher dimensional levels.
ROMNEY: Of course, I can’t it’s a blind trust.
Baby Got Back, By Sir Mix-A-Lot
so vibrant
It might have taken another 18 months, but still - we're on the way.
I put all the objects in the middle and she had to separate them into categories.
Comedies with Heart
Babies travel in carseats. Those carseats are heavy and bulky and demand your full attention as you buckle and strap your baby into them, and into your vehicle. When you exit the vehicle to do your urgent errands on a hot day, wear the baby in a sling or put the kid(s) in a stroller and remove them from the car. This is complicated? Yes, it takes time and energy. You chose to have kids, right?
Set the oven to 400˚ F
“We will take care of you.”
I must say for a change, I have found a blog whose navigation I actually like. As I mentioned earlier, the slide show widget is a nice one providing glimpses of the wonderful photos. The popular posts and archives provide another option. What I like best is the use of labels. The labels have been used creatively to create a species list. It provides a very useful reference for anyone looking to identify fauna. Related post and search widgets can give additional navigation options. But navigation is good as it is also. Beyond a certain point anymore of it might not add too much value.
They also needed a bit of sound or background music.
Stash Tea Bags: This was a sampler of different types of herbal caffeine free tea bags. I love hot tea so this was right up my alley. I tried the Licorice and Spice because I really like licorice but it tasted like medicine. I had to pour it out. The Cinnamon Apple is pretty good-almost like hot apple cider. There are quite a few different flavors including acai berry and blueberry.
Tricky!
But all those hoity-toities who like to give sharp glances because they see a child having a tantrum, or a mother who gives in and buys the candy at the checkout line, those people can bite me. Other moms' decisions don't have to match up with ours, and we do not know how we would act were we in someone else's life. I don't know what it's like to have five kids. Maybe you don't know what it's like to be a single mom. There are things about each of our lives that affect our decisions. As long as we're all offering a lot of love and attention to our kids, and not purposely putting our kids in harm's way, then there's no reason to get into the mompetition. It's stressful enough being responsible for a child without all the added bitchery by fellow moms who should be our friends and confidantes.
Good Morning and Welcome to our Spring Hop! I'm so happy you are hopping along with us today....be sure to check back all week as we will all be sharing a new project each day. You should have just arrived from the very talented Joan Robertson's blog, she is so inspiring and creates such beautiful paper crafts, I always look forward to seeing what she has created.
Despite her abysmal attempts at street performing, Raka falls in love with Seeta while for no real apparent reason, Seeta falls in love with him. Although to be fair he is probably the first person she has met who is as self-absorbed about his orphan status as she is, and their shared misery does create a bond. Their wedding is set, as is Geeta’s to Dr Ravi but of course the path of true love never runs that smoothly and there is still the confusion between the two sisters to sort out. Although Raka tries to save the day, in the end it’s Geeta with a little help from her sister who proves that anything a Bollywood hero can do, a heroine can do even better. It’s all totally crazy, over the top and Hema seems to have an excellent time beating up all the bad guys in the fight scenes.
American Indian Student Association -UC Irvine
Squawvine tincture can be used in an infusion. The dosage is 1–2mL in 1 cup (240 ml) of boiling water. The tincture dosage can be taken three times a day.
The Fair had been preceded by a weekend conference called Digital Minds, where it was predicted that trade e-books sold would overttake hardbacks in 2014 and paperbacks in 1216.
There I was greeted by Jimbo, the director of the ship. He was one of those rare people I meet who seems to really love their job. He asked where everyone was from, said jokes, and made everyone on the boat feel welcome. From my experience, customer service is lacking big time in NYC. But not here! Whenever possible, Jimbo offered to take pictures for everyone on the ship. He took his time to pose the people just right and even had props sometimes. I couldn't say no to his cheesy photo ideas!
I hope you had a pleasant Sunday with your family. I did.
Ship: A romantic relation”ship” between two characters.
Do you have this problem?
I made up the word and identify myself as a “Social Justice Entrepreneur.” I believe that not only can we support and buy within our community but WE ARE THE ONES to actually bring support and money back in the community.
We ride an awkward narrow elevator to the second floor, where we emerge into a hallway lined with display shelves of knickknacks. We turn on our heels and ride down. Now the elevator has been shelved, so there is even less room for us.
But it’s great to be a standby because everybody befriends you. The book writer talks to you, the lyricist talks to you, the director has breakfast with you – and Joel was so great with me. The day I came on board, he took me in to his dressing room in New York and said, “I hope you don’t feel bad about being an understudy. I’ve been an understudy a number of times before I became a star and anything you want to ask me about” – he was great. He was also brilliant in the show. So I had a wonderful time. After that I would ask my agent over the years, “Hey, can I be an understudy in this?” And she’d go, “No! I’m not going to let you keep doing this!” I said, “But I love it!” The chorus takes you out every night for drinks and pours their hearts out. Everyone pours their hearts out. You know everything that’s going on. The book writer, Peter Stone – who was smart as a whip – he would say, “As an actor, what do you think is frustrating about this scene you’re playing before I rewrite it?” So he would solicit advice in a coffee shop next door in Boston. Sometimes I would just sit and rewrite scenes and show them to Peter. And once or twice he would extract a line and put it in the show. And the first time he did that, I was standing in the back of the house and when Joel said the line I had written and it got a laugh – Oh God! That alone would’ve been worth the whole experience! Because it was the first time I had ever heard a line of mine on the professional stage. It didn’t get laughs after that, however. Finally it was taken out. But just that one moment you know.
It’s probably unfair to blame one of them over the other, but the problem is Smith’s Jim West. While there are plenty of problems with the conception of Kline’s Artemus Gordon, at least that character is consistent through the film. Smith’s West, on the other hand, is here and there, shifting between sullenness at the memory of his parents murder and making cheap jokes at someone else’s expense. Because the film isn’t all that interested in being serious, the treatment of West’s parents feels like it’s been shoehorned into the movie just because someone thought, “Hey, we need to have a serious back story.”
Today was a very good day, somehow I managed to get up earlier, had breakfast, did some tiding up and went for a walk(with a playground stop of course) before 12hpm. I did some more cleaning this afternoon. it’s crazy what you can see when you’re down on the floor scrubbing. I guess it’s why spring cleaning exist, to get rid of the dirty stuff that we don’t normally see or just overlook.
It wasn’t always this way. One day recently, I was reminiscing with my mom on Easters past, and she told me when I was about 2 or 3 years old, she had me all dressed up in my Easter best for church when a lady at our church said to me,
“Though Imam Hussain gave his life years ago, but his indestructible soul rules the hearts of people even today.”
As a matter of fact, the forward momentum begins immediately with the lead vocal coming in after an intro that's only two bars long. The verse is twelve bars and seems to be working up to a cadence in F# minor towards the end. Measure nine has a i chord, followed by a V chord in measure ten, and then back to the i chord for measure eleven. Here, everyone starts playing quarter note triplets, though, including a lead guitar with a repeating figure of C#-B-A. These three notes emphasize the five (C#) and the three (A) of the F# minor chord, but the bass moves down to E on the second set of triplets in the middle of that bar, giving a suggestion of a VII chord (E major). This E then holds for all of measure twelve, with the repeating lead guitar figure of C#-B-A continuing in a sort of raw, expressive counterpoint.
I have never forgotten that story. What a terrible thing to be nothing to someone. I’d almost prefer to be hated.
Motorcycles on the sidewalk
Hanging bowls were placed in rich graves over a period of at least a century. It seems unlikely that they were used as food containers or for cooking, as this would have obscured internal decorations. The rotating trout in the large Sutton Hoo hanging bowl is consistent with the bowl being used to contain a clear liquid such as water. A contemporary documentary reference mentions copper-alloy hanging bowls (not necessarily the same type of object) in association with spring water. The position of the large hanging bowl in the Mound 1 ship burial at Sutton Hoo is consistent with (but does not prove) some sort of military, official or ceremonial function. This is also consistent with the limited capacity of the bowls, if they held a modest quantity of ‘special’ water intended for a specific purpose. What this purpose might be, or what made the water special, is open to speculation. Holy water, in a Christian or non-Christian context, is an obvious possibility, perhaps used for healing, divination or ceremonial purposes.
“I’ve seen them bring table and chair to the corridor everyday to use the laptop. obviously stealing wifi,” he wrote.
She was sort of right there, but I wasn’t giving in. “I left so you had one less mouth to feed and worry about. I was trying to help!!”
Good M’s offensive, good M’s defense, smart moves by the coaches. In the last couple of years, the M’s have been so crippled, so disappointing, the games haven’t even really been worth it. But tonight, home alone on a Friday night, I was really really enjoying this game.
9. What advice would you give yourself 10 years ago?
What does God Look Like?
The theft was not a traditional art heist but for the purpose of the sculpture's resale value as scrap metal. Indeed, the general media consensus is that it has most likely already been melted down.
But is there anything truly greater than just sitting down with a book?
I zapped one back - slightly niggled - as no one had previously asked for it electronically...
Treyarch managed to create a really good story in Black Op’s and an immersive experience that really started from the main menu, where you could release Mason from the shackles and do some hacking on the computer. The hacking really expanded the single player story with some story tidbits and more information on the key characters – there were great elements that really showed how much Treyarch focused on the story. I wish they didnt feel the need to do such gratuitous violence though. It seems that in order for videogames to be viewed as “real entertainment” for adults, they have to show ultra-violence. The knife in the eye in Black Ops and glass in the mouth was just a bit too much in Black Ops. You dont need such violence to create impact – take a risk, trust your dialogue, digital actors, animators, pacing and the effect that a combination of these things can achieve.
I also thought I was going to able to find a nice straw hat on my way there… but no luck. So I got a little sun burnt! I actually saw the exact hat I wanted in the Toronto Airport on my last leg home! Go figure!
To celebrate the birth of this world-changing book, here on the Caldecote church website we are launching a range of free resources to help you find out more about the Bible, or start reading it for the first time.
What do you think of the fact that so many people have died after taking the WCA test? Do you think the government should launch an immediate enquiry concerning the high number of deaths involved? Should negligent ministers and Atos employees be prosecuted? Or do you think that these deaths are a small price to pay if it means bringing down the level of disabled dependance on the benefit system. Would you give the WCA tests the thumbs up or thumbs down regarding this issue. May be your unsure perhaps your 50/50. Let us know what you think?
7) Please note that the blogging part of the treasure hunt will only run between March 6th - 19th. So have your answers posted by then. If you are posting your answers on the 18th or 19th, don't worry about tagging anyone new.
This goes unchallenged because the evidence, even of the assassinations, is plentiful and public. The credibility of government has never been lower. When Zuma took office and promised half a million jobs, nobody really believed him - and indeed the score after a year was minus 900,000, not plus 500,000. So Zuma swiftly followed up with a promise to create 5 million jobs by 2020.
There is a bee trapped in the living room. It is inside of a beautiful honey-comb colored lamp made of mother of pearl and it sounds like a motor or an approaching storm. The lamp shade magnifies the sound like a cave or a seashell.
I had an interview with Adrian McKinty (right) published in the Irish Examiner recently. It ran a lot like this: Taboo or not taboo, that is the question. Adrian McKinty’s latest novel, THE COLD COLD GROUND, has for its backdrop one of the most contentious topics in recent Irish history, the IRA hunger strikes of 1981.
"For oh," say the children, "we are weary,
“No, I don’t,” he agreed. Need was the wrong word. Because the problem was not his miraculous healing, but the way he had felt. The adrenaline rush, the muscle burn, the amazing feeling of power and strength that ran right into his brain. He had missed it. He missed the rush of being in the middle of an ‘up’ stage of a cycle. He missed the increased power he felt in his every sinew when he was on a down stage of the cycle. He even missed looking like a Greek god in the middle of a football field with all female eyes lusting after him and all males eyes filled with jealousy.
Although it is rare for me...I do believe I liked the movie just a little more than the book. I think the casting was great. Zac Efron was awesome as Logan. I really liked Taylor Schilling as Elizabeth, and Jay R. Ferguson played the best jerk I've ever seen!
I find it ironic that I gave my heart to Him under a tree—a place where I felt the first sting of violation. 1 Corinthians 1:27 says “But God has chosen the foolish things of the world to shame the wise, and God has chosen the weak things of the world to shame the things which are strong.” I pictured God in heaven, the God who sent His son to die on His own death tree, looking down and seeing me—a disheveled, unwanted, fear-filled child—and deciding to choose me to someday shame the wise.
JdeBB
Tina didn't blink when the man entered. Neither did she turn her gaze away from the partition. She knew the real leader was outside looking in.
The DC also points to a March 2012 Washington Post poll:
a. First they would have to be paid using a lawful currency, backed by gold and silver as the constitution dictates. This would eliminate inflation and gyrating economic cycles created by the Federal Reserve System.
Wash and chop your cauliflower into small pieces. Wash and slice your leeks into rings and drop them into a bowl of water. With all the layers they have, dirt gets stuck inside - this way the dirt will come out and sink to the bottom of the bowl. Use a slotted spoon to get them out so you don't disturb the grit.
What more can I say? I am blessed to have such a caring and wonderful sister who finally looked for me. I also now have father, brother and of course birthmother and we are fortunate indeed to all know each other. Even if it did take thirty-one years to meet.
Third, goals to reach your dream. Now never feel pressured that your dream has to be accomplished in one year, it'll take a while, but do have little things that add up to it. For example, is it your dream to live in Paris? Start saving up! Is it your dream to become a model? Start shooting! Do you want to master nail art? Get some nail polish!
Post sweat, I headed home to clean up and refuel before heading out to meet up with some of my favorite gals. I had a coffee date with Katie and Claire, two of the marina girls who are nothing short of a great time. Katie is getting married in July so we spent a decent amount of time ‘ooh-ing’ and ‘awe-ing’ over her dress, Jimmy Choo shoes and other big day details.
Preheat the oven to Gas Mark 5/180 degrees, place a bowl of hot water underneath.
Week 3: Atheism & Agnosticism - Aside from rather misplaced rants, I don’t believe I’ve ever posted about these before. Since they are both so similar…yet so different…I feel looking at them together is not totally out of place.
I sat down with her and said 'If I see school slipping, that's not going to work. You're going to stop until you're out of school,'" he said. "Last year she had her best year ever, so I encourage it. I think it builds a lot of character in a young person so I have no problem with them starting early.
I was lucky enough to find the first piece of glass
We do not compare to Shakespeare, Robert Louis Stephenson, Margaret Mitchell or Elvis.
The bonfires held at Samhain, the Celtic New Year's Eve, were meant to warm friendly spirits and ward off evil ones, and also represented the sun which they wished would return, bringing heat and growth. The bonfires of the Celts continued to blaze down through the centuries, and will again be alight in Britain on Monday night.
So, now it has come to this: drugs for fat dogs. Just say "No," America. Scientists being what they are, with their Rube Goldberg-type brains, they might not have noticed something very obvious, which I am ever so happy to point out to them: pet dogs don't feed themselves. That's right, someone with opposable thumbs, and supposedly a brain, has to feed the useless shites. I know this as a fact, as I have had many dogs, and they have all been completely useless at getting their own dinners. I did have one Lab that apparently had been genetically engineered to have the stomach of a goat, as he would eat aluminum cans, rosebushes, poisonous plants, and whatever else came along. I have heard about sharks that are caught and cut open, to have their stomach contents revealed to have items such as license plates, tires, and engine parts inside. Damn, now I'm hungry....
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg(optional)
The complete 2010 Dew Tour schedule is as follows:
Cost Alternatives:
In the U.S., we’re still at a point where urging the embrace of human dignity by our systems of employment relations may get you branded as a left-wing idealist who doesn’t understand the market needs and competitive values of the modern workplace.
-That I have a serious fetish for redheads...but not nearly as bad as the fetish this film's creators had for windows.
I hear a lot of mothers touting that they are not friends with their children, and that we mothers shouldn't be friends with our children. I also hear an assumption that single moms are too close to our children, that we share too much with them and make them grow up too fast.
And you know? I've danced to hundreds of songs since then. But that dance sticks out in my memory, because it was such a kind and thoughtful gesture. At my own wedding, several years later, it never once crossed my mind to look for that one lone soul, shyly shuffling their feet, desperately wishing someone would ask them to dance, or talk, or share a drink or do anything together.
I remember being told about Noah once by a rabbi, visiting Denmark while I was still living there, that Noah actually was somehow a coward. Here’s the deal: There is a comparison between Noah, Avraham Avinu, A”S, and Moshe Rabenu, A”S, both being faced with the destruction of people. We all – I believe – know the account about the dance around the Golden Calf, while Moshe Rabenu, A”S, was on Mount Sinai, receiving the two Tablets. The people, the Israelites, though Moshe Rabenu, A”S, had died, and then made for themselves a new “god.” Of course this enraged G-D, who told Moshe Rabenu, A”S, the He would destroy the Israelites and make a new people from him. Moshe Rabenu, A”S, instead of accepting G-D’s decision, pleaded for His mercy, stating that this would only be taken as proof from His enemies, that He holds no real power, since His people died in the desert. Moshe Rabenu, A”S, refused to accept the notion of G-D destroying a people. Not so with Noah, who didn’t react when faced with G-D’s decision to destroy the whole mankind, and start over with Noah (and his closest family).
Her winning comment:
“Angels can fly because they can take themselves lightly.”
Cassandra’s boyfriend, Daniel, is late for the party. He’s still outside the city when all hell breaks loose. What he believes is an act of terrorism proves to be a full-fledged revolution. Væmpires have launched coordinated attacks across the globe.
Row 4: Knit the first stitch, purl the rest of the row and knit the last stitch.
see, the first candle is lightning."
The courageous men and women, who founded the United States of America and declared independence from tyranny on July 4, 1776, were escaping from the oppression of iron-fisted monarchies. They risked their lives to establish a nation that celebrates liberty, where citizens would be free from persecution for their religious beliefs and would not be under the thumb of an elitist aristocracy.
“Girl found dead in apartment,” the headline read. The photograph was not anyone who looked familiar, but she was a pleasant looking young girl. He quickly scanned the story. Christy Moore, twenty years old, a few months short of turning twenty-one. Had not turned up for a job interview on Saturday. Sunday night her father broke into her apartment and found her laying on the floor. No sign of violence. Autopsy showed a massive cerebral haemorrhage, as though her brain had “exploded”. International investigators had been called in to work out what could do that to a human brain.
I have noticed recently that many online airfare reservation companies are advertising a price match guarantee. Meaning that within a certain period of time, if you find anything cheaper, they will refund you the difference. Some important things to realize here is that you will need to track the prices after you buy the ticket and see if there are any other comparable fares that pop up during the window of opportunity. Most companies offering this guarantee are banking on the fact that their customers are going to forget to follow up.
$400
The doctor said, 'Well, you need three things. A can of red paint, a can of blue paint and a shovel.
SOCIAL NEEDIA: Double Up’s toughest competitor is the online world of shopping. Items that cannot be found in the store are available online through bulk retailers and the respective brand’s website. Although the customer may be able to find more of a selection online, nothing beats the sheer benefit of trying clothing on in-store and developing a relationship with the store employees, particularly in a small boutique.
No doubt I'll spend a couple of hours tweaking this every week instead of going to the gym, drinking green tea, etc, but it might make me feel more productive at least. It will hopefully help my self-discipline. It's time to turn this mush into muscles.
On my drive home from the train station, a man ran a red light at high speed -- really ran it, as my light had been green for a long time -- and came straight at me. I saw Red Runner coming and braked as hard as my body could brake. Red Runner careened past, the nose of Seattle Mom's van grazing the side of his car and peeling the trim off like one of them tasty Fruit by the Foot snacks.
In this not-so-brave new world, two young people struggle to carve out their own space.
Winter seems reluctant to take leave. Some trees are still bare and the average temp is well below normal. But despite the cold weather, spring continues its show. The early bulbs have already had their turn. Magnolias and hail had a tug of war that turned the ground snowy white.
Jon didn’t talk much about the role of the media. A member of the audience picked up on this and asked why not. “There has been so much written about it already, and the TV was absolutely full of it.” Jon replied.
the main shape is cut with a labels 18 nestie I think and I've edged it with vintage photo distress ink,
Spent the night at a friends last night-OMG! so much fun!
What do you think of a magazine like this- sans ads?
Ribbon, pearls & button from stash
A different era might feel less "Star Wars" (although look at the trailers for The Old Republic, they go too far the other way so that three thousand years earlier everything looks just about the same) but also allows more freedom to be the stars and go a bit wilder. A "Star Wars feel" will be retained by pacing and style, and some specifics like lightsabres and the Force.
We had to say "Good Bye" to our good friends Matt, Kristy, Clay and Ally Orzewalla yesterday. It was a sad day...we have raised our kids together the last two and a half years. We spent a lot of time with them and they will be missed.
arrival. Wamsutta, a Wampanoag elder, had been invited to the festivities to speak on behalf of the Native peoples. The planning committee saw a copy of Wamsutta's intended remarks in advance, however, and they expressed concerns over what they described as the "inflammatory nature" of the speech. They actually went so far as to have a PR person rewrite it and they told him that he could either read their revision or be disinvited.
I bought a dress I don't need.
To the Hebrew nation that traveled in the wilderness, those slaves who Moses led away from the bondage of Egyptian tyrants, He was a great hero. Moses took them to the border of the Promised Land. He also wrote every word that came from the mouth of God, which is written in the first five books of our Bibles. This is what is called the Torah.
With respect to the contents of the certification which the pleader may prepare, the rule of substantial compliance may be availed of. While this section requires that it be strictly complied with, it merely underscores its mandatory nature in that it cannot be altogether dispensed with or its requirements completely disregarded but it does not thereby prevent substantial compliance on this aspect of its provisions under justifiable circumstances (see Gabionza vs. Court of Appeals, et al., G.R. No. 112547, July 18, 1994). This certification on non-forum shopping was designed to promote and facilitate the orderly administration of justice and, therefore, should not be interpreted with absolute literalness (Loyola vs. Court of Appeals, et al., G.R. No. 117186, June 29, 1995).
In “stealing” dreams, you don’t take the mere idea of the dream, you take the whole thing. Most importantly, The Proof. Which is to say, along with borrowing someone else’s dream, we borrow the faith she possessed to bring that dream to fruition. Dream-Stealing is, at its heart, Belief-Borrowing.
This is a handy thing I wanted to show ya'll! Jack put this up for me after I described to him what I wanted. And yes, I do sometimes let him build things on his own! I found this old discarded mailbox and had seen in a book how you can turn them into a kinda toolbox for your garden. It was his idea to add the hose bracket, which also works good.
If one has understood (all) that, then Allah (swt) has reproached those who remained behind from Allah’s Messenger (pbuh) during the battle of Tabuk (i.e. they did not join in it)- they who cling heavily to the luxuries of this world- they who lagged behind from hastening onwards to march forth (for the battle of Tabuk)-As Allah said:
Only sadness about a place that can simultaneously be so breathtakingly beautiful and so painfully shortsighted in equal measure.
Legal Responsibility and Crime
Is anyone else experiencing bizarreness with WordPress? I thought six of my oft-visited blogs had been wiped out, but I found (if I go through gravatars) three of those still exist; the other three appear to have gone the way of the dinosaurs (sad face).
BFPRADID - Brain fog, please repeat and dumb it down
Jim Parsons
* Charice Pempengco as herself
That's when she started worrying about what Morrisey does for Christmas.
The Pomodoro Lite version of the app is preset to the recommended time lengths. A simple tap starts the timer. You need only tap it again when you are done with four pomodoros or if you get interrupted (in which case, you have to start over when you get back to it). The advantage with the app is that there’s no fussing with the timer settings to re-set the times from work vs break lengths and it comes with a little ticking sound that adds a bit of excitement to your work. If the ticking is bothersome, there’s a little check box right on the timer to shut the thing up.
And he never, never asked the public to pay for new quarters for the org. Donations were for services, period. Donations were not for buildings or PR campaigns or legal defense. Never.
If the priest was bad, this guy was bugged. We would fight him for a bit, then he would suddenly go non-aggro and reset, as though the fight had ended. Then, fresh for battle again, he would go aggro and we would start over. We managed to leave the room during one of his reset cycles and went in search of easier prey.
The Chipmunks
When I asked the Dave to join me, he said “uhm, no thanks” at this point I possibly should have reconsidered but here we sit, Day 4 and hungry! It’s getting tougher, I think the cravings are setting in, and all I can think about is food – I’ve already decided I’m going to make a Pepper, Red Onion & Sweet Potato Omelette for dinner (it’s 11:55)
"Yeah," I say, "why do they ask you that, I'd rather know like, your favorite food or something. Like why cant they ask models that? Or even, 'do you eat at all?'" We laugh, I tell her how some supermodels eat cotton balls to stay full during fashion shows, she makes barf noises screaming, "HOW CAN THEY DO THAT??"
225g light muscavado sugar
One of the most touching scenes in the earthly ministry of Jesus Christ is described in Luke 19:41-44, “And when He was come near He beheld the city and wept over it, Saying If thou hadst known, even thou, at least in this thy day, the things which belong unto thy peace! But now they are hid from thine eyes. For the days shall come upon thee, that thine enemies shall cast a trench about thee, and compass thee round, and keep thee in on every side, And shall lay thee even with the ground, and thy children within thee; and they shall not leave in thee one stone upon another; because thou knewest not the time of thy visitation.”
Experiences are not the only measure or manifestation of the spiritual life. Experiences, particularly of a dramatic form, are not always necessary on the yogic path, particularly when Jnana Yoga or the Yoga of meditation is emphasized. The type of experiences one is likely to get are a deeper perception, more powerful intuition, a sense of the expansion of consciousness or a greater power of focus and concentration.
My perfectionism had abated a bit, but I still wanted to get "good grades" so I was nervous. However, my self-confidence had increased enough that I felt I could manage to earn the A I wanted if I just worked hard enough. Thus, I actually went into the class with curious anticipation.
something was missing.
On top of all this, I am a shitty writer. No matter how many times I write out the same stupid shitty story over and over again, or even if I completely start anew, I am a horrible writer. I'm so horrible and ashamed of my writing that I have NEVER shared any of my stories or writing with ANYBODY.
New research suggests that walking six miles (9.7km) per week maintains your brain's volume and preserves your memory as you age.
So, I don’t know if anyone remembers, but way back I wrote that my historical research was falling into place regarding my completely-made-up but could conceivably have happened rewriting of history that figures prominently into my plot? As I continue this look into Catherine di Medici, I have started reading another book on her, “The Devil’s Queen,” by whom I cannot remember at the moment, and a startling fact has come to light – she was only 14 when she married Henri, future King of France.
Seeing a lot of my introverted self in the quiet, antisocial, enigmatic character Lisbeth Salander, this last excerpt stood my neck hairs on end. I became distracted again as I reflected back upon my latest romantic moment.
Each time I watched them perform I became more and more impressed and not only was I impressed, but so were the judges!
Dry Ingredients
I enjoy this story so much more than Pyramids of Mars.
lost in thought as he runs his hand over the damaged
Welcome, all you A-Z Challengers, to the Alleyway and a post spotlighting a fabulous lady and writer. Normally, I keep my posts shorter. But today I think you'll appreciate the length and the fountain of knowledge shared with you. Also, you can ENTER for a chance to win a 1st Five Page critique and a brand-spanking new book!! Read on...
Laura (2 years, 8 months): Tired of waiting for a box turtle to open up and start crawling, Laura told Grandpa-in-Virginia, “Make it work.” (#60)
We settled on a family-friendly place that we had driven past a week prior and spotted after I attended a non-profit forum. Welcome to Chuck Wagon. Their service was excellent (definitely exceeding the way we were treated across the driveway – for sure!), attentive and what I loved about the place was how fun their menu was. For instance they titled their kids menu as ‘Just Kidding’ and had listed their fish and chips dish as ‘Nemo’.
I stared into the space in front of me.
Situated on the site of the world’s oldest surviving passenger railway station, the Manchester Museum of Science and Industry (MOSI) aims to provide everyone with enjoyable and inspirational experiences by discovering Manchester’s industrial and scientific innovations. Its 7.5 acre site houses 5 buildings that embody the achievements that made Manchester an industrial and scientific world leader.
One roof we once lived under.
This week I am the hostess. The verse I have selected is from Philippians 2:3-4 "Do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit. Rather, in humility value others above yourselves, 4 not looking to your own interests but each of you to the interests of the others." My challenge is for you to create a card to let someone else know you are thinking about them. It can be a bible verse, a real thinking of you sentiment, sympathy, or hello.
I have been reading the 17 and Baking blog for a few months and it quickly became the highlight of my Fridays (before, the highlight was a new episode of Grey's Anatomy every week, but it has been becoming a bit boring lately). At least I think there's a new post every Friday, maybe I'm wrong. It has quickly become one of my favorite blogs. Anyway, when I got home on Wednesday, I started going through my Whimsical Bakehouse cookbook but I didn't feel like baking a cake. Then I remembered that Elissa from 17 and Baking posted a recipe for these beautiful Chocolate Crinkle Cookies, and when I saw it I decided that I'm going to make them. Not just this recipe, all of them. I really decided to just print out all of her recipes one day and try them out because if she says something is delicious, it's probably true.
With tedious predictability, this has been eagerly eized upon by creationists as yet another example of irreducible complexity and further proof of the Lord God’s creative ingenuity.
Fresh almonds mature fast, so keep that in mind if you buy them. If you'd like to eat the entire fruit, do that while they're young - the outer skin turns hard and bitter as they ripen. Of course, all is not lost - you can then eat the nut inside. (Though technically, the part of almond we usually eat is not a nut, but the seed of the almond fruit!)
Damn man, just when I thought Bryan and Sheamus stole the show. Even with Punk’s slip ups this was a solid ass match!
I believe people are free and able to determine for themselves what counts as accomplishment.
de blikken van je ogen, ’t tasten van je
Ooooh, I’m not sure. I’m kind of interested but I’m a bit of a coward, well more than a bit actually, so probably wouldn’t risk it.
But then, I realized I have drawers of cloth napkins already. Some are just too nice to use everyday, but there are some that I have not used for a long time and are fun and casual enough to put in a new drawer in my kitchen to replace my paper napkins. And isn't that part of being wise with both our resources and our budgets - using what we have?
I suppose the whole point of this entry is really to say that, yesterday instead of working on writing anything, I went and made this:
Their likeness comes shining through!
I was out with a couple of friends last night and the talk turned to unusual cover versions we have known and loved. When I trumped their efforts with the Thai rendition of Boney M's 'Rasputin' they foolishly asked me to put together a collection for them.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Line a muffin tin with baking cups.
Kathy Rudolph
“Guest speakers or entertainers may let you down, and you’ll have to look for a last-minute replacement, or the venue or key facilities such as toilets may be unavailable which could lead to you cancelling the event altogether.
The Lady praised them and petted them and then sent them away promising another night’s stay and payment in the morning. They slunk back to the little room in the servant’s wing. As the door closed Khrusostom rounded on Bulsara.
When shopping for electronics, the options are seemingly endless. Uniden and Onkyo offer consumers two exciting gift ideas for this holiday season. The Uniden 100 channel hand-held scanner makes a great gift for people who like to stay informed, but who are always on the go. For those who prefer to stay at home, the Onkyo HT-S3300 Home Theater System offers a superior media experience without leaving the comforts of home. Both items are sure wow even the most discerning buyers.
This market is tired and has beat the living daylights out of traders. Good luck!
She says, I am torn about whether I should just paint it all white to be honest with you - this one definitely did not speak to me as loudly as they usually do - for the most part as soon as I look at a dresser it screams out at me (I have to tell it to keep its voice down) what it wants me to do - but this one kind of whispered - "Do whatever you want, I don't care" so I did - and am second guessing myself daily on it.
He entered iron gates of death
and here, TWO lovelies get a change to...
But soon my fingers fail’d me, my face droop’d and I resign’d myself,
Then I stopped, remembering as soon as the words had come out of my mouth that thirty-some years of enculturation create habits which are annoyingly hard to break.
She repeated to the railroad offices in Eugene her demand to talk to the President about his dynamite, and got passed around from office to office to office without getting past the start of her story. Finally they connected her with some sort of an assistant superintendent who
Only a block from the subway, I look and notice dark storm clouds gathering. The next thing I know I’m tripping (not on LSD) but on a crack in the sidewalk (the bane of old people) and fall like the proverbial ton of bricks. When I finally get up, my knee is in pain, my ankle feels sore and I’ve skinned my elbow like I used to do when I was 10 except my mother (or even wife) isn’t around to administer the Bactine.
The European beech (Fagus sylvatica) is a separate species from the North American F. grandifolia. Haven’t tried a drink made from either, but Corbin offers a take on an old French cordial I’ve written about before.
(1) At a national level, prices dropped 2-7% in quarter one of 2012 and 16-21% in the last year and are now 47-61% down from peak.
the shutter sticks,
We're at a crossroads this year. Arwen is trying school soon. Lucy is heading into the world of volunteering, work experience and independent study. I think it's time to update the manifesto, to state a new set of goals which incorporate, develop and add to the old.
Next month, the borders will go on and I can start thinking about the quilting, and we all know that this could take me a while...especially since this will not be the only quilt of mine that is in that pile. Gulp.
Life skittering like so many crashing pots,
Beer book notes read thus: Malty, roasted smell. Opaque brown with a robust, tan head. Initially sooty, smoky tasting going into a burnt/roast coffee taste. Medium to thick mouth feel.
Aroma wise, there's lots to pick out. It has a predominant burt ash scent which is worrying, but there's hints of chocolate & coco, some vegetal/tomato skin and a big bite of strong espresso to back it up.
“Jeth. What brought you here?”
So as I noted above, there are nine 24-hour Walmarts along a 150-mile stretch of highway leading to my town. It could take anywhere from 8 to 12 hours to go to the other end of the route and then go to each store one by one, picking up all of the items I’m trying to stock up on, and finally unloading at my house at the end of the trip. But since we’ve already seen that just because there’s a 24-hour Walmart that there’s no guarantee something will be on the shelf, what kind of fool would I be just to give up and go home? I’d be a hungry fool! But let’s do the math on best-case scenarios on what I COULD get, if everything (including Great Value canned carrots!) is on the shelf. Let’s say that at each of the nine Walmarts, I’m able to get at least a case of carrots or other canned vegetables, a case of canned fruit, a case of canned salmon, 10 lbs. of dry beans and five 42-ounce containers of oatmeal (an average shopping trip for me, not counting refrigerated or frozen items). If I’m able to pick up at least this much of these items at each of the nine 24-hour Walmarts on my route, I’ll arrive home with 108 cans of vegetables, 108 cans of fruit, 108 cans of salmon, 90 lbs. of dry beans and almost 119 lbs. of oatmeal. That’s a pretty good start, and not bad for a day’s work! How long will it take to get a single sandwich or bowl of soup — if anything — if I have to wait in lines at soup kitchens or FEMA centers if I’m foolish enough to keep waiting instead of stocking up now?
Speaker: Prof. Rasmus Neilsen
Homeschool Basketball Championship is being held,
In 1939, a faked 'Polish raid' on a radio transmittor in Gleiwitz was the excuse for a long-planned German invasion of Poland - and those parts of Silesia which had gone to Poland were returned to German rule. In an eastern corner of that section was a place called Auschwitz.
KRIS: Are there hot dogs in it?
Maine 11-Feb 24 9 3 0 7
“Did to!” Lucy held out her hand and demanded, “Give him back.”
We’re working on a new design of badge at the moment following the renaming of the club last year but a pic of one of our old BSCSC badges is attached.
After the conference, we returned to Rundu in an 8 passenger Wolkswagon which was packed with 15 people. (That's what you do in Africa!) After 20 minutes of driving, smoke started billowing from the engine. We pulled over and realized there was something seriously wrong with the engine. Rob, our fearless leader called some friends and pretty soon, a good friend/mechanic was on the road bringing us a bus and truck to pull our VW. In the meantime, we waited on the side of the road playing games and talking for 6 hours. It was really quite enjoyable! A couple people hitched a ride into town to get some food, and then our rescuers came just before dark. What a blessing this mechanic friend was to all of us! He dropped everything to drive 2 hours on a day which happened to be a holiday, to take us and our ruined vehicle back to Rundu! Such kindness. I still can't believe the goodness of God and His people!
Breckenridge Christmas; Denver, Colorado, American Strong Ale, 7.4% abv
Yellow and rose
The US rose to eminence by producing value, and by a fair percentage of citizens sharing the wealth. The further the nation has been corrupted from the stability of fairness, the faster our rate of decline. Runaway greed, lust for power, and raw capitalism have reversed our national trajectory so insidiously that not just we, but even Earth’s biosphere, are in free fall. Is it more than simple coincidence that such comprehensive decline so closely parallels our prohibition of hemp?
With regards to the the current issue, the obvious problem for me was that Mr CJ has never had an account with Optus, other than a pre-paid phone service. I arranged it like that specifically so that he wouldn't receive any bills. So I was very curious as to where this debt they were alleging actually came from. I rang the debt collector, and asked them. They said they didn't know, all they had was the balance from Optus, which apparently had been 'verified.' So I rang Optus to ask them. They asked for a reference number, and I gave them the number printed on the letter from the debt collector. They said that it wasn't an Optus account number, and they needed an Optus account number to look into it. Another call to the debt collector. No, they definitely don't have an account number, just a balance, and a phone number for the account Mr CJ was being charged for. Now here's where it gets really weird. I recognised the number they gave me as being my friend Dr MJ's home phone number. This is a private number, it is not an Optus number, and it has been in use for over 20 years, with absolutely nothing to do with Mr CJ, who hadn't even met Dr MJ until a few years ago. Cue the music from The Twilight Zone.
Last, but definitely not least. First off I would like to say that, in my professional opinion, Joel is the best Editor-in-Chief we have ever had. We all had our doubts, but he came in and did the job better than anyone before him – myself included. I don’t know where the paper would be without him. He’s not only brilliant but also a good leader. We’ve had people that are one or the other but never the two in one. So thanks Joel – for an awesome semester.
So I guess that is you---and I have a message for you
I was looking for Peter and growing more panicked by the second. He wasn't answering me, I was screaming. He wouldn't come even though I was calling him.
Morr has the gagged, and hand tied Queen Sorceress Olamna in front of him.
Row 5-6) repeat row 4
Have you ever had that happen? You knew exactly where you were going. You had a plan, a roadmap, if you will. You set out with confidence, sure of your destination… and then something went wrong. Bad weather.An unexpected fork in the road. Four blown tires and no spare in the trunk. Before you know it, you’ve ended up in a place you never thought you’d be. You look back, and the cry isn’t “Are we there yet?” Now it’s “How did I get here?”
I feel that now might just be the right time to tell you about a little hobby of mine... I collect Autumn leaves. Weird? A little bit? Maybe. They're just so stunning and fragile and simple in their beauty.
I visited one of my favorite places recently - the Lightner Museum. It was the first time I've ever gone by myself. I enjoyed being able to take my time and journey through the museum at my own pace. I sat in a cove surrounded by art and began to free write. It was very refreshing:
And watching ....
If you have any questions about anything beauty related just ask away! I would love to answer all of your beauty needs!
Sadly, even though I know you'd love to bask in my digital awesomeness on a daily basis, I had to delete you from my friends list. I just couldn't look at another one of your hideous gloom and doom posts. Does anything good ever happen to you? I think you need to find a new boyfriend...a new job...a new hobby....new friends...a new pair of shoes. Actually, just get a new life in general because the one you have now sucks major mouse turds, as I'm sure you are well aware. Just a thought...if 'FML' is a daily status update for you, you've got problems. Work them out in private and then come back to facebook once you're fixed so you're not dragging the rest of us down into your suckhole life.
With how busy all of our lives have become however, getting together in person isn't something that happens outside of the events our children all participate in. And that's where the internet comes in. Besides the obvious benefits of Social Media on being able to connect with like minded people, I follow a number of Mom bloggers from all over the country who write posts about all of the things we have in common as moms. While we might be alone physically we are not alone in our struggles thanks to the words of wisdom, commiseration, and joy of folks like Mama Birth and Laura from Our Messy Life. Following their journeys online has brought humor and tears of joy to my daily life.
Your back is straight your hair is smooth
Anyway, I thought I'd just pop in to say hi and make sure that you didn't think I had abandoned my little blog.
G&M: We call it pranzo a mensa and we eat all four courses that are typical for lunch in Italy. For the first course it’s usually pasta or soup; for the second dish we have meat, fish, cheese or eggs. There’s a side dish of vegetables or salad and a dessert of fruit or cake. Very rarely we get hot sandwiches with cheese and ham (ed. like a crocque monsieur).
John Smith’s Grand National record: 2011 Vic Venturi (BD 2nd)
I’ll still let you know if I make it for my run – but I’m aiming for only 10 now.
a woman of 85
We'll also find out that those stocks of whisky weren't quite what they seemed. But we'll have to wait until the Pattison brothers are in the dock for that. Let's just say that they weren't worth as much as stated here.
I will tell you something.. My husband has to endure me showing him every single card I make..
By Bryan Fischer
Maybe I had to go to the school of hard knocks for this one. And maybe I have learned a little something. Something that I refused to see until a potentially catastrophic event happened. Until I collapsed.
Yesterday, he came home in a total strop. Some small boy had been shouting abuse about ME to Sonshine and he spent 3/4 of an hour trying to catch the little shit as they came down the hill from school. Which was, of course, the desired result by the boy. This is the same child who has insulted me before. And to whom Sonshine tartly replied: 'Is your dad going to just keep going until he gets a good-looking one?' This child is one of four. Or is it five?
The City’s Office of Cultural Affairs received 21 nominations representing 15 local poets. The selection committee was comprised of poetsfrom around the country: Francisco Aragon (San Francisco, CA), Catherine Bowman (Indiana), Cyrus Cassells (Texas), and Valerie Martinez (New Mexico). The application process opened in November 2011 and nominations were accepted until January 18, 2012. The committee review process took approximately six weeks.
The Baba Yaga's eyes twinkled. "I have a helpful little friend. Who I am so very happy to see again." At this, Will puffed with pride and grinned widely. Sam was amazed. Apparently, the doll and the Baba Yaga could communicate telepathically.
Most medical professionals suggested trying to talk with the same person each time you call the office to establish a relationship with that person. This will be your go-to person if you ever have an important need to be addressed.
But our story really starts the night before, with Jess showing us the dogfish that had been caught the day before
RAND Corporation (Research ANd Development) is a nonprofit global policy think tank first formed to offer research and analysis to the United States armed forces by Douglas Aircraft Company. It is currently financed by the U.S. government and private endowment, corporations including the healthcare industry, universities and private individuals. The organization has long since expanded to working with other governments, private foundations, international organizations, and commercial organizations on a host of non-defense issues. RAND aims for interdisciplinary and quantitative problem solving via translating theoretical concepts from formal economics and the hard sciences into novel applications in other areas; that is, via applied science and operations research. Michael D. Rich is president and chief executive officer of the RAND Corporation.
Have a wonderful evening.
Surely there must have been a better way to go about it. I didn't qualify for any scholarships, work studies or grants -- but maybe I didn't try hard enough to find ones I *did* qualify for. My monthly student loan payments are on par with a 160K mortgage and I won't even own a home at the end of them. I do wonder whether I would have finished my degree when I did, if at all if I had had to go half-time and worked harder to earn money to pay for college. I only finished my degree because I was able to live with family rent-free after transferring to another school. If I had just done that in the first place would I be in the financial hard spot I'm in now? Probably not. No one really cares where you get your bachelors degree anyhow, only that you have one.
Oh and it's Valentine's Day. Have some Valentine's Day related art I shamelessly stolen online. :D
he meets me where i am.
Except kings and princes are thin on the ground nowadays and have been replaced by other gliterati.
or either win what they have lost
Erika had been quiet on facebook for awhile, busy helping Malachi and Clare adjust to life with 5 siblings. I want to give you a look behind the scenes as God astonished Erika and I. Our hearts fell in love with the same girl and when I began to holler and pray for Bernadette a family, I had no idea God was going to call my friend to step forward. On March 13th, Erika sent me the first message about Bernadette and Mason, not because I was advocating for Bernadette (she didn't know that I was) but because she wanted to share with her friend and ask me to pray. Here's how the conversation progressed over the next few hours...
Scalia (rubbing his paws together): Excellent…
Pick through the stresses
78. School administrators and faculty who are dedicated and effective
But anyway, the Run To Read Fun Run was designed to raise funds in order to build and restore libraries for the less fortunate communities here in the Philippines. You see, there are only a few public libraries here… from what I read, there’s less than a thousand. When in fact, given our population and number of communities, there should be at least 2000 libraries to cater our people’s needs. To some, libraries may not be as important. Some might even think we don’t really need it. But for children… this is a big and very important part of their growth. They can learn so much more from opening a book than watching the television. They can invest much more from studying what they read rather than begging on the streets. So if you want to be part of this change, what are you waiting for? Register now and join us! Categories are 3km, 5km, 10km and 15km. There will also be a 500m dash for kids and parents.
The package makes much of the staggered arrival of spectators before events, but ignores that fact that people will leave afterwards en masse (particularly, late at night).
Then in 2010 The Clare Depot Committee formed – a partnership between the City of Clare, Mid Michigan Community Action, Clare Depot Preservation, Clare County Arts Council, Clare Area Chamber of Commerce, Clare Downtown Development Authority, Clare Main Street Board, Great Lakes Central Railroad and the Michigan Department of Transportation. It finally looked like the restoration was going to take place.
The bridge itself def let to nowhere and it was cool. There were people bungee jumping and just chilling.We were able to refill our water and sit in the shade for a bit and relax. There seems to always be a nice breeze up there which feels amazing after the heat.
This lovely, poetic story for younger children has a classic feel to it.
And, the week leading up to Christmas, you sent your present and a note to reveal yourself! I sent Katy a necklace from the Limited, some cozy socks, and a "mini" OPI nail polish! I hope she liked it!
Poetry (8-815)
I can definitely attest to reading plenty of each. I spent my early years reading from the Anne Of Green Gables series (L.M. Montgomery) and The Baby Sitter’s Club series (Ann M. Martin). I also read plenty of stand alones like Blubber (Judy Blume) and The Incredible Cat Caper (Stephen and Kelly Roos). I’ve spent my teen-adult life still reading many in each category. As much as I love both stand alone novels and book series, I do have some issues. So, I am going to break it down into the pros and the cons.
I did succeed in leaving the house at least 15-20 minutes earlier than my recent habits. Of course, 10-15 minutes (or more) earlier than that would have been even better. I was so happy that Daylight Savings Time hasn't started yet, so it was quite light even at 6:40ish. I will be very sad after March 9th....(until a few more weeks pass and we have light both morning and evening!)
Paper: Chocolate Chip, Riding Hood Red, Wild Wasabi, Whisper White
and with the blink of an eye, it is tuesday with dorie time again. this weeks adventure, hungarian shortbread, is hosted by lynette of 1 small kitchen and cher of the not so exciting adventures of a dabbler. shortbread, seems easy enough, right. not according to the recipe. the headnote warns us that shortbread can be tough to work with and that luckily for us, this easy recipe will save us. well, i have made many batches of shortbread and while it can be tricky in a warm kitchen, i would not say it is tough to work with. this recipe is unusual in that the dough is frozen and then grated into the pan. hard to believe, but true.
Davis's personal life was as dramatic as her acting. She was married four times. She had a daughter, B.D., with her third husband, William Grant Sherry. She adopted two children, Margot and Michael, while married to her fourth husband, Gary Merrill.
so the warm and comfy bed is calling me since i know three little girls who will be up at sunrise ready to hit the beach :0)
Events: Tapping events; monthly guest breweries
The musician played continuously. Only 6 people stopped and listened for a short while. About 20 gave money but continued to walk at their normal pace. The man collected a total of $32.
5. When The Sun Goes Down (Livin' Blues) 4:46
Reprint of the first issue of The Spider pulp fiction magazine from the 30's, this introduces Richard Wentworth, a suave, rich, too-clever crimefighter who is kind of a more-violent version of Sherlock Holmes, or maybe a combo of James Bond and Batman. In any case, he hunts and kills master criminals and leaves a red spider imprint on their foreheads. In later issues he'd wear a strange costume, but in this one he doesn't. Using all his wits (which he's pretty smug about; the man is a smirking smartypants) he gets out of a lot of tough scrapes to bring an evil master of disguise to justice, before he can unleash poison gas on Wall Street in a plot to rule the world. It's pure pulp but it's well-written and very entertaining.
When we got back home, Austin mowed the back yard. After he finished, he took the lawnmower to the front lawn, but couldn't get it started again. I also tried to start it to no avail. I checked the gas tank - full. I checked the oil - notsofull. In fact empty. We probably killed the lawnmower by running it without oil. Let's see - vacuum, lawnmower, what's next?
If you head into an interview with a set direction – guided by a specific approach/line of thought – you are doomed from the get go. Back-up plans are a must – a set of ulterior alternate questions and scenario’s to be used if the initial approach goes south, is needed like a gun in war.
STARRING: Benjamin Walker, Dominic Cooper, Anthony Mackie, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Jimmi Simpson, Alan Tudyk, Rufus Sewell
When YOU come to visit us, this is one of the first things we'll do: go for a walk! There are plenty of benches all along the loop. No hurry. No rush. We can take as long as you'd like.
Good luck with that car clamping business.
Marvel Studios presents “Marvel’s The Avengers”—the Super Hero team up of a lifetime, featuring iconic Marvel Super Heroes Iron Man, The Incredible Hulk, Thor, Captain America, Hawkeye and Black Widow. When an unexpected enemy emerges that threatens global safety and security, Nick Fury, Director of the international peacekeeping agency known as S.H.I.E.L.D., finds himself in need of a team to pull the world back from the brink of disaster. Spanning the globe, a daring recruitment effort begins.
prison without the possibility of parole. Abby Martin of RT reports
Why does one kill for pleasure? Why does one exterminate for the doubtful status? Why does one feel pleasure in eradicating one the most beautiful animals? I just wonder why humans feel superior, while destroying their own world for ludicrous reasons?
January
½ red pepper, chopped, no seeds
The concept of meditation, it its original context, is a long way from self help movements and the new age philosophies. Nor is it as simple as the term, self awareness, as the Catholic Church would say ‘quid putas eius’, its not what you think.
Despite, what’s said of writer’s block
I’m afraid it is failing to hold my interest as much as the first one. Andrew’s constant ignoring his gut instincts on what he should do and ending up in terrible circumstances is getting a little old. When does he make the right decisions? After all he went through in the previous book, how could he still make the same dumb decisions without regard for his wife and child?
This post was meant to be live here a couple of days back… Just that my health had been in a horrid state that I haven't been able to do much.. Can u believe I haven't picked the Camera for more than a month ??? Thank you for being soo patient and understanding me through this… Soma…
My dad snapped this picture of our little family during a frenzied moment before the service started. With all that was going on before, during, and after the service, it's a miracle we even got one picture.
All the horses have been working extremley well at home, and I actually think the break has done a lot of the younger ones good. Charter Party & Hasty Imp are heading for Houghton Hall International at the end of May, both are very exciting horses for the future and I am looking forward to see how they perform. Easy Times is now entered for his first Novice and is really starting to grow into a classy horse. There are a few other young ones who will come out towards the end of the summer to start their eventing career and I am very fortunate to have a yard full of quality horses coming up through the grades. After Houghton we are heading to Tattersalls with Boleybawn Impression and Model Behaviour to do the CCI2*, we always look forward to going to Tatts, it is such a welcoming event and Ian Stark built a fantastic course last year.
The first is a promotional video, recorded here in Paris a couple of weeks ago, and posted this week on the website: www.booksvideo.tv
And now the towers burn, thousands are dead, and there is no certainty anywhere. I leave the roof and call my wife. The baby is still in day care just around the corner from our home. My wife says to come home. There is debris falling in our backyard. I walk home, followed by a huge ugly black cloud. I get a slight burning sensation in my left lung and I think to myself, “Where might this lead?”
You can sit up for almost 15 seconds at a time! You sit like a big boy and then go for your toes, or try to get them in your mouth, or get distracted and topple right over.
There was a slowdown in the growth of patent grants in 2008. The total number of grants across the world is estimated at 780,000 in 2008, representing a 0.6% increase from 2007. The slowdown is largely explained by a substantial drop in grants at the patent offices of the Republic of Korea (-32.5%). Without the substantial growth of grants in China, there would have been a contraction of total worldwide patent grants in 2008.
In ever-increasing numbers,
The Center for Family History and Genealogy was organized by faculty at Brigham Young University (BYU) in the year 2000. BYU offers a B.A. degree in Family History and Genealogy. The program is one of the oldest, most developed, and internationally-diverse educational experiences available to the world of genealogists. The Center’s mission statement is to “Utilize BYU resources to simplify the finding of ancestors and the discovery of the world in which they lived; and support the training of students for life-long temple and family history service.”
- Easy to combine breast and bottle feeding
Painted face not proud of.
I had no idea when she would actually be born,
A few weeks before I graduated college Neill officially became a homeowner and when I was finished with school I moved in with him. I think we had some general discussions about what he was expecting financially from me, but the expectations were pretty low. We knew we wanted to live together and so we figured we would make it work somehow. At this point, Neill paid the mortgage and all of the bills. I, on the other hand, was an unemployed college student with my eye on graduate school. I wanted to find a paid position working on a research study, but I couldn't find anything. So in order to get the experience necessary to be accepted into a clinical psychology doctoral program, I started working on a volunteer basis in two different research labs. Yup. You read that right. Volunteer. As in for free ninety nine. As in Neill was pretty much completely supporting me, with a few hundred dollars from my mom every once in a while.
Make a Pocket (this can be real or faux, even on the image counts)
As myself and researcher Anthony McIntyre were battling in the Boston courts against the PSNI subpoenas last fall, the British prime minister, David Cameron, summoned the family of slain Belfast attorney, Patrick Finucane to Downing Street. Finucane had been shot dead by loyalist gunmen in 1989 but it is now widely accepted that British intelligence and the police in Northern Ireland, the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC), had foreknowledge of the murder plot and allowed it to happen. Finucane was a legal thorn in their flesh and what better way to remove it than by way of loyalist bullets?
Even the present opening is rapid-fire and awkward and forced. My Mum insists on buying the "kids" 1ne of those little stockings full of chocolate. Those kids are now 16, and as likely to buy Ice as enjoy the delicious chocolately treat of a Crunchie. Mind you, my own chocolate treats go the other way now - fancy, sure, and it's the thought that counts, but they seem, well, really old man chocolates. I'm only a hop and a step away from a bag of Werther Originals. Some1ne starts telling me a story about their car that seems so inordinately boring time seems to stop. I suck on 1ne of my old man chocolates and nod in all the right places but really I'm thinking if I could hit my Dad on the head with 1ne of the chocolates and if it would hurt. I mean these are big chocolates. The crux of the story about the car from what I gather seems to be that this guy’s favourite car magazine has said his car is a potential death trap. Some1ne takes our photo on a mobile phone. I'm not sure that it will be a keeper. My eyes when I look at the photo are blank while his are animated. What amuses me is my Mum in the background is stuck in a similar conversation. Later I find out hers is about Avenue Q. At least I could contribute to that discussion...what is a manifold anyway?
Mom and Dad tackled issues at home and beyond
8 lower
many secrets it could hide
But: You're not killing your chances of traditional publication when posting your work online, no matter what the reasoning behind it. But you might be wasting your time. There’s not much point in posting it unless you have a strategy or goal in mind, and a way to measure your success. If you have no interest in marketing your work and connecting with readers after posting your stuff online, don’t do it.
One day he invited me to his house. Somewhere in Long Island. I'd never been to Long Island. He lived with his parents. They thought I was pretty, he told me, which I guess made it okay that we'd met on a psych ward.
These are extracts from Eric’s diary of last week:
Here is the TOC for SCREAMING BOOK OF HORROR as it currently stands, though Johnny has advised me that it isn’t complete just yet.
Quirky it was. A comedy it was not.
so we could run them over.
the support of other local and regional associations including the Nova
3000 - 8:42.03 - Jenny Barringer, Colorado - '09
Yes, it is May. You wouldn't believe it really. I took off to Stornoway this morning in the shop van for the paper / coop run in lovely sunshine. Granted it showed only 3C on the dashboard but at least the sun was shining. I turned my back on it to warm up whilst waiting for Billy to count out the P&J's. No doubt my pals in their camper in the Uists would have woken with a light mood for the day ahead. Well, that will have been dashed as on my walk around the village recently from there to there and then here, the almost snowy rain started. And it's still cold. Very cold
Remember how it started?
But that approach to storytelling, she says, “leads people to think a bit more about the story after the ending.”
-Mitt Romney
So, friends, take those shoulds, and put them down. In creating the life you want, nobody’s shoulds are required.
Hello fellow crafters! Since I am on Design Team A at Let's Scrap, I don't HAVE to do this weeks sketch, but it's so cute, how could I not?
Business Model Generation gives the example of Maerki Baumann spinning off their transaction banking into Incore Bank (which they then sold as a service to other banks), and focusing solely on customer management and advisory. Amongst the benefits are a very clear change in customers (transaction banks serve other banks, not bank account holders), and a definite change in the culture of the organisation left behind (transaction banks drive for consistency, repeatability and automation whilst the customer facing bank focuses on customer handling and retention).
How you view your life creates how lucky you feel, plain and simple. And in most cases, creates more of the same.
I love this series it’s my HEA series. It’s funny, sexy, and predictable. This book was about imprisonment, Payne being imprisoned by her mother, and her body; Vishous being imprisoned by his past; and Manny by his lonely life. I felt secluded at times reading this book. J.R Ward did a good job of making you feel imprisoned, as a reader, you are placed in one setting for most of the book. There is very limited contact with the other brothers.
*Parents must purchase at least one live hamster before their child’s tenth birthday and must raise and feed that hamster in their primary residence for it’s entire life. If a parent conveniently lets the hamster out of its cage and it goes missing or it mysteriously dies before it has lived in said primary residence for less than 6 months, the parents must then buy two hamsters. The same law pertains if the hamster is eaten by the family cat or dog, or if it is accidentally electrocuted or drowned.
James: Apostle of Christ most often quoted to support the LDS beliefs that God’s grace must be earned through works. Appared in 1829 with Peter and John to restore the Melchizedek Priesthood. Also, a minor character in a certain film, though apparently his lines were cut to just “we will go down” and “I am James.”
sucker), reptile (western skink), spadefoot
Today i hung out with my dad and step mom, we ate great food and went to see 'A single man', directed by Tom Ford. They thought it was a little depressing, but i thought it was beautiful. The lighting especially was very inventive, and the guys were gorgeous and oh so well dressed. You should go see it.
And in another garden play.
Listen here, married folks. Congratulations on your happy life but if you don’t see a ring on a woman’s finger, don’t make references to her marital status. If she’s married, she will tell you. If she’s dating and wants to share, she will. Okay? But they don’t heed my warning and say things like, “How can she be married?” “Still not able to be married?” But instead of rolling her eyes at them, she lets it get to her and when she gets a call from a telemarketer, uses it as an opportunity to talk to her phantom husband.
This very situation brought about our hasty retreat up Stockton Street towards Chinatown. Turns out Chinatown was a bit further than we thought, but we were enjoying fabulous weather and just being out into the city. It also brought me to a shop that had shoes....comfortable, "looking" shoes.
What you’ll end up with, if you’ve been good, is the failure of your reader to get to bed on time because they HAVE to know how it all ends.
15 kalamata olives, half peices
Paper: peach parfait, riding hood red, kiwi kiss (SU), heavenly white (PaperTemptres), designer paper (BG)
And it does.
Dance with me in love
Fear among victims’ families over body parts retention Soldier ‘lawfully’ killed IRA man in Derry Army to mark handover of Cork barracks 90 years ago Gerry’s holiday hideaway that was once a nerve centre for republican leadership Derry welcome for Euro 2012 Loughlinisland tribute Stormont told to release SF papers Paterson: My duty is to protect the public Notorious Belfast prison reinvented as distillery IRA HQ claim over school’s Italian flag Northern Secretary still has role to play, says Paterson Ceremony to remember anniversary of Dublin-Monaghan bombings 100,000 forgotten victims of the Troubles
And now, chickadees, I’m off to stubbornly pull on my lightest coat, accept the fact that I’ll have to freeze on the way to work, and get this day started.
Add in tomatoes, cook until it turns soft.
“Did you ever meet someone?” I asked.
He spoke, his voice quiet enough that it was probably intended for just him and Sophia, “Where are the dogs?”
I'm so sorry for the mix up in this last challenge...I have had a lot going on and
Thats what comes from trying to please too many people. That’s what comes from doing something that my heart wasn’t in to… for 10 hours a day… 50 hours a week. That’s what comes for ignoring my ideas and aspirations because “they wont make me any money”, because they’re “unsustainable”, “unachievable”, “out of my reach” because “Ive already built a life, and its a perfectly fine one and that’s more important”.
she feels gang-raped and shackled.
HIM: That’s funny.
Millionaire’s Shortbread – 3rd
This is V.En. (Vertical Energy), a project by Yew Choong Chan, sited in the Lea Valley, London. It starts off with some swarming and growth diagrams – of both bacteria and birds – extrudes a series of mechanical towers out of that motion-structure, then projects all of this roughly 50 years into the future.
We had dinner. Talked about Joseph’s future education. I got yelled at for eating the can of fish in oil that Rita was saving for herself. Since it was the last dinner I pretty much cleaned up most of the food, which in retrospect wasn’t very wise. After the ranch’s guests were done with their dinner we went to the canteen. This night it was white wine and I wasn’t as sleepy as the day before. However, we didn’t stay there long because the next day was early.
1) Just leave a comment. :-) (easy peasy huh)
“After he went out, that same slave found one of his fellow slaves who owed him one hundred silver coins; then he grabbed him by the throat and started to choke him, saying, ‘Pay back what you owe!’ Then his fellow slave threw himself down and begged him, ‘Be patient with me, and I will repay you.’ But he refused. Instead, he went out and threw him in prison until he repaid the debt.
Paula Gerber (and Adiva Sifris) analyse some of the crucial legal issues when same-sex partners are also parents.
2. Be a featured seller on Heartsy (check! - Jan 16)
Arbor Supreme hails from the family of high-class chasers Celtic Ryde, Noddy’s Ryde and Teeton Mill, and made a successful start to his career when an eight-length winner of a Leopardstown bumper in January, 2007. He was then sold to J P McManus, but did not win either of his next two starts over hurdles. Sent over fences at the start of the 2007/08 season, he got off the mark at the seventh attempt in that sphere in a beginners’ chase at Naas in March and ended the campaign by defeating seasoned handicappers in a three mile, six-furlong handicap chase at Punchestown in April. The 2008/09 season began with another victory in a staying handicap chase at Fairyhouse but he was winless for the rest of the campaign, including when 14th behind Niche Market in the Irish Grand National. At the Punchestown Festival in May, 2009, he finished third to Ambobo in a valuable handicap chase. He was mid-division in the
To be honest, the sweet potato bagel was not my first bagel idea. My original idea was to make a blueberry bagel, but not in the traditional sense. With my CGF oats, both whole and powdered, my made scientist tendencies were flaring up and I was inspired to try out my blueberry idea. So what did I do? I bought freeze-dried blueberries, powdered the dickens out of them, and incorporated that blueberry flavor (and purplish color) throughout the entire bagel.
His response?
Sure, looking back is important here, but the story is really about facing the inevitability and uncertainty of death. Straight on. About how we try to distract ourselves, how we get so good at thinking “at least that dead person isn’t me” that we forget that someday it will be. It is about being stuck with this thing that we have to stare at.
February Prediction: 8-7
Me - "I'll just do a blog post and make the announcement."
“I think you are my friend,” she said. “Will you help me?”
To Questions V., VI., and VII., which were to the effect, "Does the Church hold, and do you hold, that every infant lawfully baptized is by God made a member of Christ, the child of God, and an inheritor of the kingdom of heaven that such infants are born again of water and of the Holy Ghost, and received by the laver of regeneration into the number of the children of God? " Mr. Gorham replied that these propositions being stated in the words of the Book of Common Prayer must be held to contain nothing contrary to the Word of God or to sound doctrine, "and therefore may be deemed to be fairly defensible, if it shall be allowed such just and favourable construction as in common equity ought to be allowed to all human writings, especially such as are set forth by authority." (See Preface to Book of Common Prayer.)
All of those things just seemed to pile on top of me at once and I was feeling like this last 10 weeks was going to last FOREVER. I was ready to be done and I knew that I wouldn't be for another 2 1/2 months. I wanted to jump into my skinny jeans or put on a cute summer dress and go to the beach. I wanted to feel like me again.
They are being told, in clear terms, that the administrators want more. How much more do they need to meet goals (a) to (f) as outlined above?
Ooooohhhhhh the meeting in the forest! When she's singing Once Upon a Dream, and he falls in love the minute he lays eyes on her.
Frank: You want your own kind?
My "tell-all-details-as-soon-as-possible!!!" side of me has a very difficult time writing this "update". Several people have asked me if I got a positive test from this morning.
None of it was true.
.: I wanted a perfect ending. Now I’ve learned, the hard way, that some poems don’t rhyme, and some stories don’t have a clear beginning, middle, and end. Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what’s going to happen next. Delicious Ambiguity :.
Water: Let me just say one thing. We must use so much less water than most people simply by being dirty. I wouldn't call it being dirty (please dear God don't let my husband be reading this), just not taking many baths. Another benefit of homeschooling! I've never washed my car before either. We swim in our little plastic pools quite a bit, but then always use that water to water the plants. Still working on a rain barrel...
In 1995, my friend David Horton, an Englishman who lived in Australia, worked in a bank, loved Indian food (well, he is an Englishman!!) started a restaurant in a place called Noosa in Queensland (he was more passionate about food than money).
My parents really didn't use other methods of discipline other than spanking(that worked). I've also had the wooden spoon. I got "grounded" but that never really worked. None of my parents' punishments ever really worked (i.e. removal of privileges, removal of precious things, stern talking tos, bribes, rewards(not really a punishment, but a tool nonetheless.)) Spanking...I definitely feared that and it was definite motivation to do whatever it was I was or wasn't doing that needed correcting. And I wasn't exactly a 'willful' child that needed constant spanking or anything like that. I just got bad grades, never did my homework, and the normal childhood/teenage rebellion, etc.This might be the most difficult hurdle to jump over when trying to think clearly about spanking: You did not deserve to be spanked as a child. Even if you got bad grades, did not do your homework, or did not do exactly as you were told, you did not deserve to be spanked. It can be hard to reconcile this idea with the fact that you like your parents (if you do), and you appreciate all of the great things they did for you. You don't want to be ungrateful. You don't want to think that they made a mistake.
Perhaps our problems will breed with one another to create bigger ones. Will we take up the mantle as stewards of an organic world and learn to coexist with our physical environment, or we will continue to be the only specie capable of innovating itself out of any relationship to its physicality? Are we the only specie capable of manufacturing our own discontent? And perhaps even, our own destruction?
Takeaways:
Don't Mess With Texas
He was, without a doubt, the handsomest person I ever knew in real life. His eyes were the bluest blue, bluer than any sky or ocean. He was still the boy you were drawn to, just like back in the hospital nursery all those years ago. It would be easy to say it was because of his looks, but it was more than that. There was something special inside of him that shone through, through the blue eyes and big smile. He had a wicked sense of humor but a kind soul. He loved his family, and he loved his friends like family. Every person who knew him seemed to think Joey was one of their best friends, because he made you feel that way – and there were literally hundreds of people who called him friend.
When I think of winter
There comes a point when one has had enough with both sides of the aisle. Ok...there comes a point when THE CENTRIST DUDE has had enough with both sides of the aisle. And those not in an aisle as well.
P.P.S.
for storage, and packing up use last of our stuff. Man, oh man, SO
Men want to be king, and the more we concentrate on our rights and the more we are told not to worry about our responsibilities, the more we lose our rights.
Go forth, the Mass is ended.
As a member of the TOS Homeschool Crew my family and I have reviewed several products lately, most of which had good qualities to them, some great, some not so much, but I have to say that for our family personally, the Master Ruler has opened up a whole new world to us.
The Depression of the 1930s is long over, the farming days are gone, and the fake Kettles live on only on film. So too will my in-laws pass, the real-life Ma and Pa, who have given me their beautiful daughter, a ton of laughter, and a sense of how hard the life of two have-nots can be.
“We don’t want any trouble, we were leaving town,” she declared.
At the time, Foster was somewhat less generous in describing the man. In a letter to his wife, Virginia Lou Foster, written soon after the mission, Foster told her that the Nazi leader was “effeminate” and “gave me the creeps.”
But its also a mystery why they have appeared in an area so heavily trafficked, she added.
Having started my own blog about knitting, I’ve started to find and follow other knitting blogs. Oh. My. Goodness. What a lot of information out there that I never knew about! I am truly overwhelmed by the vast amount of knitting techniques and methods that I never knew existed.
I'd done pretty good with NaNo last November. Until Thanksgiving week that is. Then because everyone was underfoot due to first my son being sick and then my mother-in-law getting the crud, they didn't go to my sister-in-law's like they'd planned. That effectively derailed all my plans and threw off my stride for the next few months. Around February, I started to push myself back into a writing schedule, and at the beginning of summer I made some writing goals. I'm not great at following goals, but having reasonable ones pushes me to do more than I might otherwise.
1/2 cup caramelized onion (1 large yellow onion)
I spoke with a couple of ladies from the Riverview Center, and unfortunately I ended up giving them info on a blog that no longer works. So, I hope I can make it up to them by sharing the awesome work that they do, if I have in fact managed to embed the video properly.
I can hear a voice sayin' "quit your bellyachin' and man up, dammit! Be grateful for what you can do, and be thankful in all things. Trust in your Father. He knows precisely what you feel so you are never alone."
I could recall more on my fun with blogging! I enjoyed blogging next to music.
So what do you guys think!? Impressive right? Who else is using a shoe organizer for something other than shoes? What other things are you all drumming up, in which you changed the original purpose of an item to create incredible storage?
I hope that Robert, my trusty gardener, has simplified this ‘cloud stuff’: the landscape is changing – as it always does – for technology professionals, users, buyers and their executives. There is, as always, an easy three step plan to get it right:
Kerri had a sleepover planned for tonight. But we had to change our plans. So instead, we are going to have a pajama breakfast party tomorrow morning, followed by a play date.
They did great on the flights and didn’t fuss at all. We were a little concerned about what would happen in Ethiopia because our flight left Kinshasa so late and we were not checked in for the next leg of our trip. The flight attendant told us we’d just have to run when we got to Addis Ababa!
Earphones: Ladybug Headphones- *ARISARIS* (Kawaii Fair)
I like that. Perfect... "What shape is the earth?" "It's earth-shaped!".
The more conscious editing stage is, as you imply, more like work. I'd say the level of struggle – ie, how well-formed the story is after the first draft – depends very much on the story, or more accurately on your prior relationship with the material of the story, the amount of time you have already mulled it over and consciously given it a meaning. Most of the stories in Balancing didn't give me much of a struggle, and had only two drafts. I hasten to say it's not always like that, and I should also say that the process isn't quite as simple as I've made it sound. Even when I'm writing a first draft and going with the 'dreaming', that editing faculty is still coming into play to some extent: really, it's as if there are two of me, and the 'dreaming' one is leading the way, but the 'editing' one is there hovering at her shoulder and reining her in to some extent as she goes along (and then pushes her out of the way and takes over for the proper editing phase). (You see, I don't need Roman wine to make me sound bonkers!)
And dabs of butter on the top make a really golden pud.
2Joshua sent for all Israel, for their responsible men and their chiefs and their judges and their overseers, and said to them, I am old, and full of years:
Park Tickets: 6 Day Base Tickets
Here is my newest crochet pattern that my niece was kind enough to model for me -- a Baby Bjorn and a portable bassinet for baby dolls! My niece doesn't know it yet but she's going to receive the baby doll, diaper bag, baby bjorn carrier and portable bassinet for Christmas :)
Today I am choosing to rejoice in the greatness of who He is! I am choosing to make time to sit still in His Presence letting everything else go. I am choosing to remember all He has done for me and through me. I am choosing to give Him the worship and glory due to His great Name!
1/4 cup orange-infused olive oil
I figured I should inaugragate this blog with a mission statement of sorts so press the read more link if you'd like to read it.
Unfortunately for you I am engaged in an exercise to write and keep writing and get to that place where it flows out of me more readily. I learned this idea from Julia Cameron’s The Artist’s Way. One of these days I’ll learn more about typing in italics, too, so I can more properly make the titles of books and/or movies standout.
PARKVIEW: Rowena Murray Brown murdered brutally with hammer.
Explorer of Oceans (2): Having a modicum of knowledge of flora and fauna, islands, weather, navigation and sailing across the oceans of the known world.
I am the LORD that healeth thee. Ex. 15:26
with huge invisible threads, our sexes
Thinking and talking about coaching kids made me put into words my core attitude about coaching kids. If you follow this, you’ll do pretty well. I picture each kid riding to the game in their station wagon with mom/dad. I coach, so that I want each kid thinking, “…I can’t wait to get there. I really like playing X, it’s fun.”
I bought the Reese Peasant Dress pattern on Etsy because it promised lots of photos and many reviewers said it was easy to make. And it was! I whipped this dress out in about 2 hours from cutting to finish, and it fits perfectly.
2 ½ cups fish stock
Blessed first week o' January to you, friends!
A more esoteric problem might come from the lovely Dragonwife who even now thinks I waste too much time contemplating my bellybutton fuzz, the tragedy of empty beer bottles, and the eventual fate of the universe. I can imagine how she would react with me trying to slip away down to Charleston to go sailing while weeds in the lawn need cutting, shrubs need trimming; walls need painting, along with a thousand other chores that are always demanding my attention. On second thought, maybe buying a lotto ticket and hooking up with some nubile young babe ain’t such a bad idea after all.
Right out of a Hollywood script a Tennessee lawmaker, Julia Hurley, carved her initials in her desk during a longer than expected session in the state house. here is her quote:
The Flash community came through in spades!
Fonts.
I'm really beginning to hate the whole romance element of the series. Rose was far enough for me. But then Martha, and now Donna too - falling in love with him. Maybe its naiive to expect that love could be kept out of this, but its making David Tennant's doctor look like a ladies' man, when traditionally, I suppose, he's always been a bit above that.
It is a small and quiet place - prices are reasonable and the food is good.
Max was the perfect dog for almost 9 years–never pooped or peed in the house–unless he ate a carton of chocolate coverd almonds from Trader Joe’s, for instance. Then we adopted D’Marcus from the shelter. Max’s testosterone kicked in and he decided to show everyone who the alpha male around our house was. He pees on purpose. D’Marcus, on the other hand, pees submissively. If he thinks you’re mad or disappointed with him, he flips over and turns on the spout. So we have to reprimand him in a syrupy sweet quiet voice….”D’Marcus baby, get off the table please. Put the steak down for mommy…good boy.” My son said, “I’m gonna try that. Next time you’re mad at me, I’m just gonna flip over and pee.”
Put some Crystal Lacquer into a cup, and add a couple drops of
But she don’t care and I don’t care,
Meimei
The read-a-thon was a great experience, although I didn’t get as much reading done as I had hoped. Maybe I will try to go for the full 24 hours next time. I also missed out on all those great mini-challenges and all those fabulous blog posts from other participants! I focussed more on reading so there was not enough time to visit all the blogs I had planned to visit!
At around page 147 in the report or 156-157 in the .pdf.. “Scalar Squares” possible culprit found:
and into the truck she went,
And now I will show you something that my dear Henri gave to me too. Permission to paint over his beloved knotty pine wood in this one small area of our home. (We have a whole room full downstairs, but for now I'm just happy for this one small spot over our woodstove.)
We will choose a new name by the end of the week. So stay tuned...and don't touch your remote.
How’d it go: Fairly well. I ran 2 miles, non-stop, in 16 minutes (an 8 min pace). This gave me just enough of a confidence boost. While I’d like to be running around a 7:30 pace right now, the first month of training for me has always been about slowly getting back in shape, this has just been a little harder than others.
"Nah, the gay guy won, told he he would, it was a great post. But hey, look at this..."
Cigarettes correspond to the appetitive part of the soul, a fact that explains their association with both food and sex. The connection with the latter is particularly obvious: think of the proverbial postcoital cigarette, or of the ubiquity of cigarettes at singles bars. People with strong physical desires demand instant gratification, and they try to make what they desire as much a part of their own bodies as possible: hunger demands eating, thirst drinking, and lust making the body of one’s lover a part of one’s own. So too with cigarettes. A cigarette is inhaled: it must be fully and internally consumed in order to give pleasure. And a cigarette, with its quick buzz, is also instant gratification. Even the cigarette’s notorious connection to death ties it into appetites: both are indifferent to health in their quest for satisfaction, and both, when they reach addictive levels, become hostile to it.
As I was merrily mopping the floor my darling daughter came in and said ‘ Mummy there is poo in that water’. Obviously I thought this was just one of those opportunities to mention poo so said, ‘ok hun, of course’ but carried on mopping. ‘No Mummy, there is poo in that water’ she shouts at me. I was starting to get a bit annoyed with her now. ‘Don’t be silly of course there isn’t!’
Help us! Ireland’s Eye is drowning!
The Tower, in other words, does not have to be architectural.
"Hey!, I raised a thousand little peckers last year."
Anyway, this shit is old hat to me. When I was about nine years old up through at least my sophomore year of high school, every day during summer break was a living nightmare. I say that because I would get up and, while trying to eat my Aldi-brand cereal, my mother would lecture me on all the prophecies in the Book of Revelations. Every day, I would hear about the second coming of Christ, the Rapture, the Tribulation, the thousand years of peace followed by the Devil breaking free from his chains once more before finally getting tossed in the Lake of Fire.
This day, last year when We Fancy Books was first launched and one year later we are still here! It's been a rough ride throughout that one year. I (Jay) personally learned a lot from book blogging. I just want to thank my lovely co-bloggers Marz, Era and Geianne without you guys I don't think this would happen. To all the followers I cannot thank you enough for the support! Without you guys I don't this would be possible. I also want to thank all the lovely authors who has been part of this blog. To the lovely books you've written. To every tour that we've participated, thank you for letting us be part of each tour. To our giveaway winners I hope you guys enjoyed your prizes. I hope for another year of blogging, I want to help more authors, I want to read more of their wonderful works.
Bond-breaking among foreign scholars appears to be a common phenomenon nowadays which the Singapore government can do little to prevent as large amount of public funds continues to get ‘wasted’ on nurturing foreigners instead of locals.
Laters, darlings
When I peeked inside…. This is what I saw!
This is a jumping off place, where change is looming; imminent.
to give voice to
Today’s architecture post is not about green architecture, but kind-of.
*slithers away in shame*
The street had no street lights and it was pitch black. I had to find the house with the pathway footlights. I was so hungry and tired and tired and hungry that I don't really remember anything beyond waking up the next morning and fumbling around in an effort to figure out how to get the shower working.
Photos: Click here for the group photo room where you can join in the fun with slideshows of a number of takes on the event thanks to those participants who shared their photos.
Most of them have military bases with American troops and bombers on them.
"This situation is intolerable."
Are you interested in the Invicta 8926 watch? Read our review of this watch and learn about all of the Invicta 8926 features.
Early action metric: 50%of your score is based on what percentage of your organisation’s electricity and gas supplies was covered by voluntary automatic meter readings (AMR) in the year to March 21 2011. The other half is based on the proportion of your CRC emissions certified under the Carbon Trust Standard or an equivalent scheme.
One thing my dad shared:
For only in you can we live in safety.
Leviathan by Scott Westerfeld
In Day One of the Brooklyn Nets Went Well, New York magazine's Will Leitch noted the "friendly little coincidence" that the team's brand identity launch "happened to coincide with one of the worst Knicks days in recent memory."
Yep. No easy way to answer that question. It all depends on how hot the project.
Skipping out on the standard Friday post to bring you some photos from a favorite spot of mine in Salem: the Salem Willows "amusement park." That's what they call it on the signs leading you there, but once you get there it's just Salem Willows Park. I think if this was my first time (far from it!) going here I would be seriously disappointed at the use of the phrase "amusement park" to describe this small area. It's bigger than it looks below though. Off to the right is a large grassy area right on the water perfect for picnics and other outdoorsy family activity, there are even a few tables.
Level 1: Weapon ATT: +1, Accuracy: +1%, Proc Rate: 46%, Deals 163% damage 2 times.
The guards stayed a couple yards behind while the Lord approached. His steel face would've grinned if capable. "Old friend, Simonstern, I hope time has treated you well."
...Other side of handle decorated with more white fabric roses. LOVE these at the mo - will defo have to find out where they are from & get some more! I've distressed with white paint & finished with Swarofski crystals...
of its delivery
From nurses to climate scientists, there is a wealth of specialism and knowledge across the public sector that is a public asset that should be highly valued and regarded with respect. The depiction of adversarial relationships between service users and public sector professionals is misleading and unhelpful.”
The most unusual tropical fruit, which is saying a lot since they are all rather strange, is the durien. This fruit has a near cult following in Southeast Asia. From Thailand to the Archipelago, people build statues and have laws and even have entire restaurants devoted to this fruit.
5) Find out what sort of feelings are motivating your staff. Tap into the positive emotions that can provide internal motivation to excel.
Animal Services Manager Ed Farrelly will be on sight to officiate the race, Pet Expert Rob Kuty from San Diego Pet Training will oversee the runners to guarantee that no unfair “horse-play” occurs and Helen Woodward Animal Center Companion Animal Hospital Chief of Staff Dr. Carter will attend from the sidelines to monitor the Derby contenders’ health and safety.
Violet kept her morbid ability to sense dead bodies a secret from everyone except her family and her childhood-best-friend-turned-boyfriend, Jay Heaton. That is until forensic psychologist Sara Priest discovered Violet's talent and invited her to use her gift to track down murderers. Now, as she works with an eclectic group of individuals—including mysterious and dangerously attractive Rafe—it's Violet's job to help those who have been murdered by bringing their killers to justice. When Violet discovers the body of a college girl killed by "the girlfriend collector" she is determined to solve the case. But now the serial killer is on the lookout for a new "relationship" and Violet may have caught his eye....
Do any of you have a group/class/activity that you participate in with your little one and recommend?
You could also use it on top of grilled pork: a divine combination!
This will be my first (and last) ball so I really hope that everything goes perfectly!
New Orders since End of Day 09/30/2010, settled by end of day 10/31/2010
2 x Jolie Rogue lipsticks - Simply Nude; Heather Pink
Kelly was wearing a short union jack miniskirt!!!
Just because they happen to be born in the “wrong community,” Dalit families are subjected to some of the extreme forms of humiliation and degradation generation after generation. They are treated as worse than animals. So much so, now most of them have internalised discrimination as their fate and they dare not raise voice against their tormentor for fear of punishment. For, they know even if they protest they have no hope of getting justice. That is because a majority of the positions in the government set-up are occupied by the “upper castes.”
We were also featured this month in Finch's Holiday Time Boutique in Minnetonka, MN. This boutique is a pop-up shop that occurs one weekend a year prior to Christmas...at a house! Adorable, seriously...check it out and keep it in mind for next year. There were so many beautiful, quirky and fun handmade goods and what a turnout. Check it out here.
8. Care Bears- “Whose that coming from somewhere up in the sky”
It actually was bad enough that I went to get my weapons to make them leave my house and stop assaulting my friends. I couldn’t find my gun, so I came back with my $5 halberd-tip/battle axe (that I bought in real life at a yard sale), and a huge knife or club or something, telling them to get the hell out. I had to more or less end the party early and tell people to go home becaus it was a bit too much drama to have a party continue.
Harry Potter isn’t safe, not even within the walls of his magical school surrounded by his friends. Because on top of it all, there may well be a traitor in their midst.”
Everybody runnin’ ’round and ’round and tryin’ to find out
Just ask my husband.
Since this is a blog on corporate social responsibility after all, it’s important to underscore how companies need to answer this dilemma for themselves. The Global Network Initiative is an interesting approach to the problem. The GNI is a “multi-stakeholder group of companies, civil society organizations (including human rights and press freedom groups), investors and academics spent two years negotiating and creating a collaborative approach to protect and advance freedom of expression and privacy in the ICT sector, and have formed an Initiative to take this work forward.” In other words, the companies and organizations participating in the GNI, which include Microsoft, Yahoo, and several investment firms, have drawn up a set of principles which will hopefully guide their actions in these kinds of sticky situations. Of course it’s not binding, and far from perfect, but it does provide some “rules of the road” when a company is selling ICT products in a less-than-free setting, and can provide some quasi-legal cover for companies to make ethical decisions while boosting their brand image. The GNI accountability standards require transparency in decision-making, as well as an independent review of the member company’s implementation of the organization’s principles. For such an initiative to work, however, there needs to be more legislative attention paid to the rest of the world beyond Syria and Iran, and significantly more companies need to do the right thing and decide that voluntary participation in such an initiative benefits us all.
Fiskars stamp set- Seasons Greetings
Moody: You started out as a one-man band. When did you decide to get yourself some sidekicks?
1 muttonchops
Each little animal has a different texture.
Whether “in our midst” means that Elvira was also in Auribeau, or was in the general area (probably Cannes) is unclear, although the footnotes to the letter do claim that Elvira had just moved to Auribeau.
Spoon the mixture into the muffin cases. Bake for 25-30 minutes until well risen and brown.
Sharon Stone: “Oh my god. We’re going to lose her. Give her 20 ccs of metzayokophil. It’s the only drug we’ve seen work down here.”
Well, this trip was great. It was just a few hours away from home but we got to experience different things and eat lots of different stuff. My son loved playing in the fallen leaves. We all had a great time. Especially my husband and I was very happy that I was able to make him happy :-) We will definitely do this again!
Neck - word window
People of my age group (I am 60 next month) were, as a rule, brought up to be polite. Not to complain out loud. To think of others. To be considerate. Not to be rude to people, especially those you know (I can think of an exception to this rule, but she was my m-in-law - does that count?)
Franciscan University of Steubenville
Realization.
This ghost story set in the arctic circle in winter is eerie and chilling, capturing well the unnatural sense of being alone and in the dark for a long stretch of time.
“In most primitive societies, the New Year is equivalent to the raising of the taboo on the new harvest, which is thus declared edible and innoxious for the whole community. Where several species of grains or fruits are cultivated, ripening successively at different seasons, we sometimes find several New Year festivals. This means the divisions of time are determined by the rituals that govern the renewal of alimentary reserves; that is, the rituals that guarantee the continuity of life of the community in its entirety.”
My family is at a point where both my sister and I are old enough to be safe from government intervention. I'm past compulsory schooling age, and Emi would be finishing her last year of high school were she in the system. So we're in an excellent position, and one we're taking advantage of, to be very outspoken. My mother, sister and I spoke at a local homeschooling conference last month. I'm speaking as part of a panel on radical education at the upcoming Anarchist Bookfair. We've been connecting with lots more local educational radicals of all stripes. And there's also other amazing local stuff going on, promoting alternatives to the traditional educational model: a local mother is helping to start a freeschool, as well as writing a book about how harmful the school system is (which I'm helping to edit/organize); a young Quebec teacher is putting together a documentary on how bad a job the schools are doing, and how many wonderful alternatives are out there!
Kathy Hepinstall is brilliant with characterization and her novel offers a memorable cast. My favorite person is an older woman inmate who suffers from an unusual eating disorder. While this novel is intensely serious and provides a setting that is the dark reality common at institutions of this time period, Hepinstall manages to relieve the readers with short respites of humor. Without giving away too much, a much anticipated meal of lamb becomes a disappointment to all, except the doctor’s son. Hysterical moment with hysteria at Sanibel.
Joy to you~Noreen
William-Finally showed his famous latin chest and mid section. Cheryl is a pro, she knows what she’s doing! William can certainly move his hips, which is all he really needs to do at this stage in the game. A good dance, he was very much in command and confident with the rhythms and the movements. His PR team is highfiving all around.
But perseverance pays off. I dropped the kids at home with the hubs and hit one last shop that never has any furniture. And there it was....a fabulous tv stand/bar for $15. Yep. The veneer needs work on the top (read: I may just take it off) but what a steal! I also found some smalls that I'll be transforming this week.
Who never to himself hath said,
earth is in the solar system.
I had written the story, “Mars at Night,” and Terry Davis had read it. When Kelly Milner Halls asked him to be in the anthology, he asked me if he could write a companion story to “Mars at Night.” It was hard giving up “control” of Rafi—the character I created but from whose point of view Terry wrote…but I had to let Rafi be the way Terry conceived him, and then I had to edit my story somewhat so that the two matched. Terry and I found a way to sort of compromise and meet in the middle. (Terry, by the way, wrote Vision Quest). He’s my ex-husband, but we are still very good friends.
I had a conversation some time ago with a polyglot who was adamant that the study of language and the study of literature should not be fused. His view was that schoolchildren would be better served concentrating on learning to understand and speak the target language than splitting their attention between language acquisition and studying (basic) literature in that language. I notice the same kind of thinking on a lot of language learning blogs. The prevailing sentiment is that you learn a language to speak it and to communicate. The literature associated with the language is an optional extra and something that you might dip into if you are at an advanced stage.
Hergé
But the bar is set much higher in Michigan, Ohio, Tennessee and Kentucky. The Sixth Circuit has ruled in Monette v. Electronic Data Systems Corp., 90 F.3d 1173 (6th Cir. 1996), that a plaintiff’s disability must be the “sole reason.”
From Goodreads: It all started with a murder. Two victims lay dead at the hands of Peter Dawes, but what laid in wait for him was not the sound of sirens or the banging of a gavel. It would turn a doctor into a killer and a man into a monster.
he did, faith was released from his spirit. He went on speaking in other
397 List A wickets at 16.61 with 23 four-wicket hauls
I’m tired. I’m worn. I’m sick.
We used the Tweety card on p. 47 and also the Stitched Card on p. 35 and cut them both at 5". I used the blackout feature on the envelopes as I didn't want the bird or the stitching to show. We put the tatoo on the window of both cards just by using a paper towel and dipping it into a little water so it wouldn't bleed or run onto the cardstock. For the frames I used scrap pieces of white & black carstock. The cards were both cut from red cardstock and then we used a blue liner. As mentioned, the scrap piece of paper was used for the liners of the envelopes and I had almost enough but since the envelope is deeper, you can't see the 1" or so that was cut off.
This statement called ‘The Word of Triumph’ is theologically interpreted as the announcement of the end of the earthly life of Jesus, in anticipation for the resurrection.
The class consisted of yelling, stretching, yelling, push ups, Sensei Frank yelling that we should yell more, us yelling more, Sensei Frank yelling back, punching, yelling, stretching and some yelling. Oh, and we yelled. I think there was some yelling too. The wheel of fate must have been spinning favorably that day, for I had managed to make it through the entire class undetected. I did this by cleverly turning my belt inside out, where there was only one blood spot instead of 35, and by constantly keeping my left shoulder out of Sensei Frank’s eyesight. This made me appear to be some sort of Karate Quasimodo who lacked the ability to dress himself properly, but I didn’t care. It was far better than bringing dishonor down on my family and then getting kicked in the face.
Like all of my Kate Spade inspiration looks thus far, I had to improvise quite a bit on this outfit, but love the overall feel of the full pleated a-line skirt, business-y bouse, and colored tights with classic black pumps.
Finally, it is indeed very quiet in Germany. The Bankfurt Maulwurf has gone to ground, and my Brussels mole was away for the weekend asking not to be disturbed. Perhaps he’s building a bunker in Switzerland.
I plan to make a scrappy sashing to put between the blocks, so I think it'll be a very colorful quilt.
I want to say a special “Thank You anf Hooah!” to the Hanson Operating Oil Company. The President of that company, Ray Willis, announced the donation of land in Roswell, NM for the creation of a veterans only cemetary.
Min 7: “This blog will never be freshly pressed. SWEET MOTHER WILL NEVER BE FRESHLY PRESSED BECAUSE GOD AND THE WESTBORO BAPTIST CHURCH HATE ME.”
As long as baseball still has a few Pat Nesheks, we still have hope.
*Sentiment - from stash
There, while they sat
When they asked about a pseudo-progressive group, my friends were surprised to read a very militant reply disparaging the said party. I tried asking Simsimi about the same group on a separate occasion and was astonished to see the same kind of response: “oportunista’t repormista.”
I John 5:16 If you see any brother or sister commit a sin that does not lead to death, you should pray and God will give them life. I refer to those whose sin does not lead to death. There is a sin that leads to death. I am not saying that you should pray about that. 17 All wrongdoing is sin, and there is sin that does not lead to death.
1. Sieve maida, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon powder and set aside.
The message, repeated ceaselessly, is that the increase is not his fault.
To enlighten the normal masses.
To draw a baby raper prophet, and makes a fatwa
- These are great for party favours or goody bags or cake stalls/bake sales.
A few decades later Shannon and I are still renewing passes, but now it is for five family members, each of whom is old enough to be considered an adult according to Disney’s ticket, dining an hotel pricing guides (anyone over the age of 9). Over those many years, Disney seems to have had a fight with MGM and now calls their movie park Disney’s Hollywood Studios. On top of that, they also added a fourth park to their menagerie: Disney’s Animal Kingdom.
These elements of the novel are incredibly well researched, though somebody without an interest or knowledge of the period may find it tedious, but I love this aspect of the series. The tedium is used to good effect, showing the intensity and hard work of her existence through minute detail, and it is reminiscent of Neville’s loneliness in Richard Matheson’s ‘I am Legend’ (though whether this is intentional is another matter). Despite being nearly 600 pages, it never feels overwritten or drawn out and the richness of the descriptions of daily life for Ayla is animated and very much full of passion. She spends several years surviving in this manner though as time goes on and she can better put her skills to use, it becomes slightly easier.
flat wreath form
It appears to be the biggest and wildest strike Athens have seen so far! I was there today until 8pm or so… I have never seen so many people in one place in my entire life! And it was no ordinary strike! You could find all kind of people there: from a men in a wheal-chair to a young kid! The metro was going out of schedule every 2-3minutes and all the trains where packed with people. I couldn`t get on the 3rd coming train even, they all were full, bringing people to Syntagma square earlier today.
I am not sure how well my one will work,
“Wallcandy street art project,” says the website, “has drawn together artists & designers with diverse skills to create pieces of art on walls and buildings around the town of Ennis. The aim of Wallcandy is to give artists the opportunity and freedom to conceive and create a piece of art that uses a particular site in an interesting and quirky way. The resulting artworks hope to engage, surprise and entertain viewers of all ages. All of the sites chosen have interesting or unusual features and, although some of the sites are a little run down or have deteriorated due to damage or neglect, they have been given an artistic twist that totally changes the way you see them.”
1 Peter Hennessy, 'Having It So Good - Britain in the Fifties' (Allen Lane, 2006) p 224. Hennessy's reference is: Peter Catterall (ed.), 'The Macmillan Diaries: The Cabinet Years, 1950-1957' (Macmillan, 2003) p 382.
The more I listened in this attitude, the better I felt, although we never talked about me and I didn’t provide any advice. Focusing on her fully made me feel great, and that was amazing. The day after, she sent me a text message to thank me for the great conversation and some comment that made me feel something happened, while all I did was listening and connecting.
An undercurrent of recent weeks has been the current captain’s contract situation. As soon as van Persie put these on ice, it was inevitable that they would be a recurring theme throughout the season, a malevolent influence to be pushed to the forefront when negativity required emphasis. His talismanic status in the squad does not appear to have been diminished unlike his predecessor, an object lesson in professionalism with his effort and output unaffected by his future. Not that he has much to worry about for there will be no shortage of suitors should he decide to leave.
Magnolia Doo Hickey
No matter what is happening
-Our first supposition was that news magazines (e.g., Time, U.S. News, Christian Science Monitor Weekly, Business Week, Forbes) have the most in-depth coverage of stories based on their area of interest when compared to the newspapers and TV.
Then just down the road I spotted a lady waving on the other side of the road and swung around. She was going to Baggott St. which was a good step away.
Last week (Friday?) I posted a bunny card with a cute little saying that read something like this: "it's good to have a friend who's all ears". Well, the more I looked at the pic, the more I wanted it to be an Easter card. I literally became fixated with the card, which isn't good because I have SOOOOO much to do! Anyhoo, I plain ole changed my mind. I stamped another sentiment, used a different punch and it all covered up the cute saying I just didn't want anymore. Gosh, that sounds mean... So, to the right is the card with the saying I actualy like better because it makes me feel like I made Easter cards.
...a friend was leading a therapy group for mentally ill ex-con drug addicts....one day, a caseworker was talking with a client and had to leave the room...finding, upon returning, that both the client and her lap-top were gone....though the guy came back the next day, to what I imagine was as therapeutic a grilling about what happened to the lap-top as possible...it’s at a crack house, he said, but I can get it back for $20...not surprisingly, the staff was dubious...but given the value of the computer, not to mention all the classified files on its hard drive, twenty bucks really wasn’t much to gamble on the faint possibility of getting it back...so, they gave it to him, and, some time later, he came back, lap-top in hand...leaving my friend and me really impressed by what was apparently a very professionally and ethically-run crack house....making me wonder: can fair trade organic crack co-ops be next?...
Just the odd catching up.
I collected my new prescription and picked the tablets up from the pharmacy, where I handed to the pharmacist the Metoclopramide tablets I was prescribed the other week for anti-sickness purposes. I told him I was handing them back as after discussion and agreement with my doctor I wasn’t going to take them as they can give Dystonia movements and as I already have Dystonia I hardly wanted to be given additional facial movements! The pharmacist looked very surprised.
I hope all is well with my blogging friends and I apologise for my infrequent visits. Maybe I'll have a bit more time with our little garden in Worthing.
By the time we had decked the doors with celestial beings, Bugaboo and Beanie were tiring of quiet time, so I gave them leave to put on shoes and head for the back yard. I had to call a couple of admonitions out the window to Bugaboo about the tone of voice she was using with her sister, and reminders to both that neither of them has exclusive rights to anything in the back yard. The racket woke the boys, who decided to play together in the living room with a big bag of blocks while I assembled dinner.
5:20- I quietly head downstairs for a half cup of coffee and to check facebook and email before I head out the door.
The final step is to spray your coasters with the clear acrylic (or polyurethane) spray. I chose the glossy coating, but the matte look would work well too. Apply according to the directions given on the can. I did a couple of coats for extra waterproofiness.
This week was our last class for our homeschool co-op pre-k group this year. Next month we will be having parties and taking field trips and then we will be enjoying our Summer!! We wrapped it up with a learning centers class. This week I had some help and it really made it way more fun! I brought 17 activities, and another mom brought 19 activities. It was great to have so many options. I hope that I can have help again next year.
Gracie sighed she could see that Denise was not interested and was about to walk out when she thought of Melissa.
Of note is that this procedure was to be done with me lying flat on my stomach on an x-ray bed. Jimmy described the procedure to me: the room was a typical x-ray room, the machine that I was under looked like a giant c-clamp wrapped around the table, and attached to all this was a large flat screen monitor. The “c-clamp” was a type of x-ray that shot an image of my lower back that was presented, like a movie, to the PA doing the procedure. The PA watched the screen, seeing the image of my spine, and performed the puncture. After three numbing injections, PA Jason located where he would insert the needle and then proceeded to do so. Which is when I proceeded to pass out.
From a seated, cross-legged position, inhale to lengthen through the crown of the head. As you exhale, drop the right ear to the right shoulder. After 2-4 breath cycles, gently tilt the head so your nose and chin are pointing down towards the right leg. Remain here for 2-4 breath cycles, then return your gaze straight ahead. Staying on this right side, gently place your right hand on top of your head to intensify the neck stretch. After 3 additional breaths, release the hand & return your head to an upright position. Repeat on the other side.
01:14:00 – 01:18:00 Government owns China and the Oil Companies
You may remember this park as being occupied by the "Occupy Wall Street" movement. The park was emptied by the NYPD in November due to concerns about sanitation. Later that day the New York Supreme Court issued an injunction against allowing protesters to camp or sleep in Zuccotti Park from then on.
10) According to NRA, the people are buying weapons because they are afraid that Obama will take away their guns. Because, how would Obama take away somebody’s gun if that somebody does not buy the gun first?
With this new line of storms breaking out in South Texas.. heading ENE… this means… several states are currently under (or will be under) severe weather :
No warship in the world is larger @than the USS Nimitz, a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier. The Nimtz stretches 330 metres long and 4.5 acres of flight deck. Yet the 100,846-ton “flattop” can zip along in excess of 55km/hr, and can travel 1.6 million kilometres on a tank of gas.
Dylan: We have all been in different bands, but we have really all been in the same band/bands since like 7th grade, when we used to do really shitty covers, although we did cover Rancid a few times. No one here (at ECU) really knows much about music/shows/the scene so i just jam with whoever really. Being apart from each other definitely sucks. I miss my best friends and playing music with anyone other than them is just straight up boring and tasteless.
‘We are pleased to be working with Sonu to help bring his talent and passion to existing fans, as well as an entirely new audience through Cinsay’s hugly popular enterprise software platform ‘content-to-commerce’ and vast digital network,’ he said.
When I was in middle school, I had an opportunity to dissect a squid during a summer science day camp. After catching a whiff of formaldehyde in the hallway, I transferred to the computer electronics class, instead. And, this week, after a few moments of contemplating the image of a rubbery bit of preserved squid sliced open on the kitchen table, I decided to start looking for an alternative, this time as well.
So, looking at it personally, why do bad things happen?
I think it is time we start talking about the elephant that is in the room. Many churches in America are dead. Oh we have nice buildings and sing songs but let’s not kid ourselves we are dead. Our churches are filled with people who are more concerned about their own comforts than the souls of lost people. We are more concerned that we get our way rather than asking the question, “what is God’s way?” Our board meetings are filled with a spirit, but it is neither holy nor convicting. Many times we ask those who are newest in the church to change so as not to unsettle those who have been in the church the longest. We become more concerned by what is played musically rather than if worship is taking place at all. Oh I could go on but the truth is the truth and it is time for us to act upon it. The church is dying because we have allowed Satan to take refuge in our churches.
It is generally recommended that a vegetarian diet be adopted gradually, to allow people’s bodies and lifestyles time to adjust to new eating habits and food intake. Some nutritionists have designed “transition” diets to help people become vegetarian in stages.
Trailer for the documentary
To be clear, the 3.8% tax is not in any way a sales tax paid against the sales price of the home for either the home seller or home buyer. Nor is it an additional business income tax for home builders selling a new home out of inventory.
Bring something actually forward you are not going to convince anyone by saying they are ignorant and morons. The only way is logic which has been lacking in all of this.
The Lord says there is someone here He said that business that was closed down, will reopen.
Yummmmmmm *drools on keyboard*
Somewhere between trains
That is it. You cannot claim to be the ‘new kids on the block’ challenging the elitist corporate publishers, and at the same time bully and threaten people in the very worst corporate style.
Hundreds of thousands of people thronged the capital Kuala Lumpur to participate in Bersih 3.0, peaceful sit-in by accessing various routes, as early as the night before the historic day, in a bid to bypass the roadblocks or any other form of “preventative” attempt taken by the authorities.
Let's just say I have never been so outraged at the medical profession.
6. Gokseong
Pretentious Artist #9 to join with Jeff Hyde. Jeff was fresh from
Here's Abraham's Daughter by Arcade Fire:
6) After a couple of minutes, build the sandwich.
“I need to see them in the teaching environment so that I can determine if it’s suitable,” I said, waving the frozen chicken at his front door.
The agency change comes nearly a year after Robert Turtledove, who has previously held marketing positions at Pizza Hut and online information service LiveAdvice.com, left his chief marketing officer seat at job site TheLadders.com to become CMO at H&R Block.
9. Police Dog Blues
1 stored
Q: Getting to a lighter question, there is a lot of music in DBAW. Creed is a musician and that is what draws Joy to him in a way. I'm sure music influenced writing the book in some way, so what are five songs that you would put on the soundtrack to DBAW and please explain how they relate to the characters, theme or story?
Every once in a while the lights would dim or flicker, and I'd worry. Our stove is electric, so if the power goes out, we're in pretty bad shape. The only thing that would still work is the hot water heater.
They both loved their husbands very, very much. Both talk so openly about their husbands being their best friends. The loves of their lives. At the viewing for my childhood friend's 35-year-old husband, she emphasized to her friends and family that we should never take our significant others for granted. Ever.
The Marsist – Frank Black
And lest this sound like a pipe dream, the optimistic article reported that the New York State legislature had created a $30 million authority tasked with creating such a center "and the dome design helped convince the lawmakers that it could be made to pay its own way. Mere Dodger sentiment could not have done that."
13. Margaret Gilland’s notes on tour of Orthodox churches in the Twin Cities
senseless actions controlling the world at the moment of this
“I am sickened and alarmed at the increase in serious cases of animal abuse and neglect across our region,” Griffo said, referring to recent cases of a West Utica man who was charged after dead and starving dogs were found in his apartment, as well as a Utica couple accused of neglecting and starving their pet mink.
Likewise, when even the "enough room to swing a cat" cliche would be pushing it in the bedrooms of the split level maisonette you're viewing (n.b. fish-eyed cameras lie), it's all you can do to cease wondering where the second level got to and quip to your Future Housemate, "Well, on the plus side, the bedrooms are the same size".
Leave a little room for the fairies to dance.
In a large bowl, mix the ricotta, spinach, prosciutto, egg yolks, mushrooms, and spices to blend.
Since it was the weekend he told me if I seriously thought about harming myself, I needed to go to the ER...Huh! Like I was at a point where I could make any logical decision at all. I would have rather harmed myself then think I could make it to the ER.
Welcome to Rogues & Reavers, my own little experiment with game design.
Wave back
On this particular morning I looked out, my eyes barely open, at the odd collection of shapes and shadows in the backyard. You couldn’t make out anything clearly. I think if an elephant had been out there, you might just have mistaken it for fog. As my eye skimmed the pond’s surface, I noticed this shape – rather clearly defined, which is why it caught my eye. It looked almost like a bird.
My life is bitter-sweet. How are you going to love your life, cherish what you have when you have never experience hardship, when you have never experience the weakness you have in you? I am grateful that i am breathing, hopping, singing, laughing. Every second is important as we grow older every second. Waking up in the morning is a gift everyday and good health is a luxury! I am going to cherish this luxury and exercise to keep fit, eat healthily and be happy! You should only feel angry and dejected when you never work hard for yourself in your life! If you have done all you could, then smile because God will never give you something you cannot bear. When you feel that you can smile at every bad moments, you are a winner at all situations and most importantly you have proved to be able to love yourself unconditionally.
Huge thanks to the poets who so generously donated poems:
So raise a glass with me to toast the New Year, the year of the Olympics and the Golden Jubilee, and most importantly, the year when I achieve at least some of my goals. What are your resolutions or do you not make them? What would you like to achieve this year? If you fancy some company on the journey, let me know.
Now, I think I need to go make some cookies since the air works again.
Your dad bought me a book of poems by Robert Frost one of our first Christmases together. I'd never come cross this one in my education, but it knocked me out, and it's the only poem I've ever tried (and failed) to memorize. I know you love Farenheit 451...if I could, I would "become" this poem.
He re-read his instructions, then picked up the tumbler and breathed in the malt fumes for a while, not drinking. Starting again from the top, this time he read between the lines.
Worse, a Hamlet-like indecision over the timing of polls serves only to emphasise the underlying futility of doing too little too late.
Mason has been SOOOO clingy since Oliver was born, it is sort of driving me up the wall, if anyone as any advice for that I am all ears! I think I am having a hard time because Mason's love languages are physical tough and quality time and those are the 2 love languages I have the hardest time reciprocating!
04 CAGE OF FREEDOM (Jon Anderson) 9'05
And was second in voting for the American League Rookie of the Year garnering 98 points to Jose Cansecos 110. Dang he should have won it!
I thought I’d share the stories with you because I am running low on blogging fodder at the moment, so instead of bitching about having to write reports and attending conseils de classe that are sucking my will to live, this is what I’ve got for you today.
Warchildren is a gang.
I mention these remarks at a most crucial moment in human history. The world appears to be ending, at least as we know it, especially if Jim Kunstler's peak oil theory is accurate, and, also given the dire geographical trauma that will follow from warmer temparatures. Oh the earth will most likely go on, of course, but life on it will more likely resemble something out of Cormac McCarthy's THE ROAD than anything that humans have acclimated themselves to for at least over a century.
He had a ridiculous amount of organizing. Me and my friend — I want to say Sam W, but I’m not positive — went through it, laughing at him a lot. He had put sooo much work into this organizer, but it was mostly pointless work, like color-code-highlighting his events. Orange=church, yellow=school, etc, etc.
“The train stopped at a station that had no town, and a short while later it passed the only banana plantation along the route that had its name written over the gate: Macondo. This word had attracted my attention ever since the first trips I had made with my grandfather, but I discovered only as an adult that I liked its poetic resonance.
2.) If you do elect to stay home, you must call your boss at 7 AM to inform them of your grave condition. This is a call everyone fears, especially because it is a call everyone is discouraged to make.
“Fish swim in that water,” the princess replied, her nose wrinkling in disgust, “it is too dirty for me.”
Different places drift us apart,
Or, perhaps, Price hasn’t gone through such ideological contortions, and instead he has simply decided that he will place his political self-interest above his obligation to protect civil rights for all.
I have a few things to show you still and today I would like to show you a tiny doxie I made for my mum as a Christmasgift. We had a flatcoated one just like this when I grew up. We both loved that dog to pieces and I knew my mum would love this gift (which she did as it brought tears to her eyes). I made it following a pattern from a book I got for myself at Christmas. It's written by a woman called Mitsuki Hoshi and there are a lot of different dogbreeds. I must say that the pattern was a bit hard to follow mainly because it isn't written step by step how to increase/decrease. It can say for instance: from 24 sts increase to 30. I found it a bit tidious having to figure out where and how many increasing stitches there would be. The result of the poochie is amazing, so I'm glad I stuck with it, but it was not my favourite pattern, let's just leave it at that.
At that point we reached Cambridge and on the platform I bumped into a university colleague and we talked all the way to Kings Cross, so the thread was lost. The rest of the day was very full and it is only now, having returned home, that I have found the incident. It is in Volume 1. Childhood, pp79-83 in my edition. It took about quarter of an hour to find it. Harold Owen is not a great writer of prose, slightly awkward, but had a wonderful eye and an extraordinary memory and sensitivity to place and mood.
It was Ayelet's turn to choose the challenge this month, so I'll pass you onto her so she can tell you about the new challenge.
we can do
I've been meaning to post about this for a couple weeks...am I the last one to notice how great Rag&Bone is?! I know I tried on a pair of their jeans at a boutique a couple years ago, but it's not a designer I consistently expect great things from or keep an eye on. Or at least it wasn't until recently!
college, Greg's coming home to start the rest of his life,
So now what??
(Frederick Douglas)
Muriel Latour, an ex-pat Geordie, now living in Canada kindly sent these photos of her family that lived in the Spital Tongues area.
Beautiful women are created for men with no imagination. Guy de Maupassant
Damn, I’m travel hung-over tired.
i was doing my usual gadget stalking and i was searching for samsung note (yeah, i'm quite obsessed with it. ahak!) and i stumbled upon this website!
A nice break from work.
Tic Tac Toe
Then he discovered the Christmas plates. They are used ONLY, only on Christmas morn for cinnamon rolls. He wanted his afternoon animal crackers served on a particular beloved plate. He won. "Why not?" I reasoned with myself.
The minutes leading up to dinner ended with mass pandemonium as Camryn mixed cookies, I made frozen Ravioli, Jackson incessantly whined for milk (which will lead to him not eating his dinner), Dave madly tried to finish something on the computer for work and Jared argued with Addy (yes, the two year old) about where to put the plates on the table. We had dinner and a short family night/calendering session. Did I ever mention that it is really hard to write neatly on a calender when two different kids are climbing on and off your lap? We frosted cookies and had only two of them bite the dust and end up frosting-side down on the floor. Eventually I retreated to my computer, hoping the kids would eventually fall off to sleep by themselves-- which they didn't. I finally gathered enough courage to face putting them to bed whilst Dave still worked on his presentation for tomorrow.
K: You need, to a certain limit, to warn the people to get out. At a certain point, the warnings are over and there are two possibilities. That people have stayed because they don’t want to leave or because they can’t leave. If they can’t leave, despite all the warnings, despite the possibilities to get them out, even to send ambulances to get them out, that’s interesting to me, and we’ll come back to that.
Study English pronunciation.
Imagine four texts:
Funny thing, while Mom sits peacefully with her hand quilting, daughter is busy at her machine creating a new quilt. Will she machine or hand quilt it? Guess we will have to wait until October to find out.
