Among the breeds Victoria owned were Greyhounds; at least one Scottish Deerhound; a number of Skye Terriers and other terrier breeds, included Jack Russells and Fox Terriers; Pomeranians; and Dachshunds. I didn’t see any indication she owned another King Charles Spaniel after Dash died in 1840.
My friend's 14 year old daughter, S., had a different perspective. She asked: Is anybody ever really wicked? What about the circumstances that might have led someone to do something evil? What if that person is poor and deprived of the good things in life? Maybe that's why someone committed a crime.
The cultural center also had a fantastic library and museum and I found a drum making kit while perusing the shelves. I took it out to show Fred and one of the gals told me that there was going to be a drum making class this afternoon – perfect timing!
-”I’m fine,I just miss my old self ,my room and my lavender.” She smiled.
And then, from Dez, the Dad. (Note: I am using a deeper 'inner voice' as I type this. Hee hee.)
If you have written a Friday Flash 55 story to share, be sure to visit Galen, G-Man at Mr. Know It All (see sidebar), and let him know. Have an exciting weekend. Be effervescent! Donnetta
From the book jacket: Thirteen year old October Schwartz is new in town, short on friends, and the child of a clinically depressed science teacher. Naturally, she spends most of her time in the Sticksville Cemetery. While writing her novel Two Knives, One Thousand Demons, of which she admits the title is “the single best thing about the book so far,” October accidentally raises the spirits of five dead teenagers. When October’s French teacher dies in suspicious circumstances, she teams up with the dead kids to form the Dead Kid Detective Agency and solve the case. It’s Nancy Drew with ghosts, and these ghosts happen to love board games and musical theatre — how could I resist?
Sesame oil, ½ teaspoon
agus with Hollandaise Sauce: USE FABRIC (NOT RIBBON)
Cameras in front and back of room. Student multitask in media
It wasn’t even given as a foul.
It seems straightforward enough to create a TOC, in fact Word has a button or two to take care of it for you. Handy!
Knowing that we won’t be together
Common definition themes – New, original ideas (not new or better tools)
Today, despite the gloomy weather I headed to the nature parks nearby the Punggol Reservoir. The Sengkang Riverside Park is apposite the Anchorvale Community Centre and is parallel to the Punggol Reservoir. Here are the pictures.
“So are you going to follow me to get sushi or are you going to suck my cock?” he asks as he’s unzipping his fly.
So I have cycled the paths and roads leading several times to the market in Peterborough, Ontario; the Atwater Market in Montreal (for lovely Quebec cheeses and pastries); Ottawa’s Byward Market downtown, fish-throwing antics at Pike’s Market in Seattle and the hordes thronging at Portland’s market by the grounds of its local university. We have cruised the market plaza in Santa Fe, New Mexico where we saw pottery and bundles of red dried chilies shining under the cold bright blue sky. There was no seafood in sight here.
For any parents thinking about moving abroad, schooling inevitably will be top priority before making that decision. Will the curriculum be recognised internationally? Will they like their school? Will they be able to get in…? These are all valid questions expat parents consider when moving overseas.
She is just a cutie isn't she? Now if you have come directly to my blog and you would like to (and you should!) check out all the other ladies on this blog hop, click on the top button and that will take you to Abby's page so you can start the hop and see all the wonderful creations all my fellow crafters made.
Besides the lip products and eyeliner, I also checked out Chanel 2011 Holiday Collection's face products. The only item missing from the tester was the loose powder in Feerie. I saw the nail polish in Black Satin and Rouge Carat but didn't have a chance to try them out. There is also the Ombres Contraste Duo in Noir-Ivore as well. The lip products and eyeliner from this collection are reviewed here.
David Yurman White Freshwater Pearl and 18k Gold Earrings
23. November: Rockstore – Montpellier, France
A: … is a defense strategy.
Wait, she's not leaving?
& what stars the cumulus
1 tsp. table salt
NAYPYIDAW (AFP) – Myanmar pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi was sworn in as a member of parliament on Wednesday, opening a new chapter in the Nobel laureate’s near quarter-century struggle against oppression.
Odanadi will file a complaint seeking action against the boy. “However, the larger issue of convincing the local people and her family to accept Suma will be challenging because of their misplaced sense of honour,” said Mr. Parashurama. Till then the girl will be sheltered by Odanadi with the authorisation of the CWC, he added.
There is something liberating, enlightening, about sitting still by choice. Watching the street for hours, staring at the ceiling listening to a new playlist, picking at the strings on the hem of my shorts, or reading a really good book straight through. The world stops. I don’t know about you, but I have always wanted the world to slow down just for a moment, hold on…. wait for me to really really enjoy this moment, make it last. Today, my one chapter turned into 2, then 3, then the whole freakin book. I only got up to get a drink. The world around me stopped. The phone didn’t need to be answered, no one missed me on facebook or anywhere else for that matter…. no one needed me, or anything from me and for one full looooong moment the world was mine. My choice. And I loved it.
The show is October 1st in London. I leave the 27th. I am the only one going from the Air Force and possibly from the U.S. I know last year no one came from the U.S. But this show is really popular and military from the entire world come to compete. According to the emails from the show secretary it's going to be a full house this year. This...will be interesting. Of course there will be a photographer there, so I will have pictures!
Either way, I suppose, my heart is gonna look different from my appearance. The truth is, I was given both an inside and an outside. So… what do I do with them?
Making sport with my emotions
_____I haven't won any big event today yet the world keeps dumping a giant cooler full of icy haterade down my back... (funny event)
blender until mixture resembles coarse meal. Stir
Dirk
Walk, don’t run, single file, to this hiding place here.
Well Louise and I are back from our Create & Craft cruise and what a brilliant time we had. Fantastic service, wonderful six course meals and partying every night!! The craft classes were brilliant, as were the demonstrators who all worked really hard. We received some wonderful project packs from Docrafts, Hunky Dory, Beaders Companion and Debbi Moore (to name but a few) and the Create & Craft presenters who went were great fun and so friendly. We would definitely do it again :0) Pictures will be posted soon.
"The present method of political representation cannot suffice".
If we aren’t honest enough to admit that K-pop is selling sex, then I think it’s dishonest to act like there’s nothing sexual about dressing a young girl up in the uniforms they wear in K-pop videos.
But top management needs to “buy in” to make it work!
It certainly gave me something to think about. I don't use the dot often on this gun,instead focusing on the irons. I might pull the dot off and save it for another project. Removal of the rings and the trophy dot would put the gun in the high 5 lb, to barely 6 lb range- which is mighty tempting. I doubt I would change the rear sight. Though cheap, I like having the elevation and windage drums (ala A2 style rear sights) instead of just windage, as is more common among flip up rears on many ARs.
This is a picture heavy post, and I hope you like it...
CBM Reelin' and Rockin'
Here’s the release from Colorado Trout Unlimited (Randy Scholfield):
Atkinson is being held in jail on bail of $200,000
Planted stashes
You can download a boy or girl version. Hope to get my camara soon so I can start sharing some more photos.
He is also called in 2 Corinthians 4:4, “the god of this world.” If it weren’t for the restraining hand of God this earth would be destroyed. In fact in Psalm 17:4 he is called “the destroyer.” David said that it was the word of God that kept him safe. “By the word of thy lips I have kept me from the paths of the destroyer.”
Ask a fashion editor at the end of a busy day of attending catwalk shows what he or she enjoyed today, and you will be met with something a bit like this. "I...er...em.. Oh God, wasn't it Balenciaga this morning? Or was that yesterday? Er, sorry today is just a blur." It happens to everyone, but occasionally great or surprising fashion experiences stand out from a day of shows. Louis Vuitton's awesome steam train with the Marc Jacobs clad models and luggage laden uniformed porters trotting alongside them will stay in my mind for a long time. In London, Richard Nicoll's presentation for AW12 stood out for being totally unexpected and clever.
up
I’ll give credit where credit is due. The above pictures, along with the commentaries, were take directly from a blog called Refuting a Book of Lies: Forbidden Family.
Roostertail 2012 Prom Dress
She lay there so rigid,
These books are clever, funny, with characters you'll care about, and just a dash of genuine creepiness. Do try them!
Hello, everyone! It's my great pleasure to announce that MLLA 27 is being hosted here by me on The Well-Seasoned Cook. I'd like to follow the traditional of thanking the creator for allowing me the opportunity of hosting this long-running and popular event, but that would be just plain silly, so I will thank you instead. Without your great recipes, generosity, and work (yes, blogging is work, no matter how much fun), MLLA would not be enjoying the great success that it has since I launched the event back in February 2008.
13. The Shining Path
Anyway I shall now be writing about being a mum in Colchester rather than Hackney, which I anticipate will be less trendy, but you never know - half our street seems to have moved here from London Fields so perhaps we too will have a cafe, a cupcake shop and a fill up your own bottle of wine place before you can say "Wilton Way".
Temple Relationships 101 is only a basic formation of thoughts. Your upcoming college life scenarios may throw you for a loop, hopefully you’ll be able to carry these five survival guide tips when there’s no book to lead you to the right answers. A school of such size, leaves much room for error. If you embrace the error, learn from your actions, your experience will be more than what you assumed or expected. It will be true. It will be better.
Are you taking risks with your dreams? Are you getting out of the boat to see if you can indeed walk on water?
Anyway, we headed out after the game, and got home, and everyone was sleepy. We put the kids to bed, and CPT did some laundry while I tied up my blog. I'd done most of it already. It's now 11pm. We are keeping the kids out of school tomorrow because of the marriage retreat. We wanna leave at around 10:30am. Wish us luck! We haven't packed or anything. hehe. But we sure did have fun at the hockey game - LOL :)
Some spring time photos.....
I purchased a really nice and big picture frame on clearance for $2 about six months ago from Michaels. It has been collecting dust this entire time but I knew that once I came up with the right idea, the picture frame will be perfect! Long story short, while trying to finish decorating my bathroom I realized the really long metal art piece in the living room turned sideways would look perfect in the bathroom. So the bathroom is done and now I finally found a place for my $2 picture frame. I just need to vinyl it. : )
Do I worry that instead of thinking “Oh curse my awful driving, I may have just pulled some asshole-ish maneuver just now, here in mine vehicle, at the expense of this fine specimen of wonderful driving”, he actually thought, “Oh man, I wonder which is his favorite. Me? Oh I’m an Andrew Lloyd Webber man, as far as I am concerned it just don’t get no better than Phantom, except maybe Grease”?
She covers everything from her scar (questions about which say more about that asker than they do about her) to what it's like to say, in front of your father whom you admire so much, that your wonky little show has been picked up for a full season. Her prayer for her daughter is poignant and hilarious and true, and the images she includes for our viewing pleasure are honest and relatable.
On Sunday I have to meet friends for traditional Dennys hangover breakfast at around 8 then take a two-hour trip back home to relieve the babysitter who happens to be my husbands ex-wife (looooong involved story there that resulted in several arguments). Unfortunately I also have 8 articles to write on Sunday, I just hope I have enough brain power to handle them.
I’m your worsth opponent, the one that always hit the runner, the one that never walk away without a penny.
"... the teacher had written 'Columbus was a murderer' to get the student's attention. It may be true, but..." - Barb, my teacher
PASTA:
Lion Stout – Sri Lanka – 8.0% ABV
The moment he came into the house he ran to Miss Abbey and threw his front paws around Miss Abbey's neck and kissed her again and again. They are family even though they are not related at all.
To unmold the chilled tart from it's pan, turn a stove burner on, and quickly but carefully turn it over the flame to warm the outside of the tart pan all the way around, using a dish towel to protect your hands. Place your hand on the bottom and gently pry the ring down off the tart. Use a long thin knife to slide the tart off of the bottom of the pan and onto a platter or plate.
Jack Johnson
But here’s the other thing that sold me on Suugaku Joshi Gakuen. Hello! Project girls can actually act. (About as well as teen/twentysomething idols can act; obviously I’m not expecting Sir Laurence Olivier here.) You know how in Majisuka Gakuen there’s that bumper card at the start where they say “Sorry for the shitty acting, just pretend this is a school play”? Then you start to realize that, aside from moments of genius like Rena Matsui’s role as a laughing psychotic killer, this is actually mostly true. Majisuka is campy in that awkward, feel-kinda-sorry-for-the-actors way; Suugaku is campy in a fun-loving, we-know-it’s-silly-so-let’s-ham-it-up way. And eventually I realized why:
Quite simply, all the fireworks are to celebrate the torture and execution of Mr. Fawkes, who, along with several other Catholics, conspired to blow up Parliament…or did they? It seems that the “gun powder” was corn powder and would not have exploded. The “Hidden Hand” was behind the works and the Wizard of Oz is…
Tourists flock to Italy and Europe to the lodging in italy of the lodging in italy it being synonymous with romance, boasting of rich tradition of lovers, one being the lodging in italy of legendary Latin lover Casanova. Walking through those narrow little streets in Rome can be experienced by families at one of these foreign nationals a second and oftentimes more affordable residence in one of those quaint little peaceful villages in surroundings that brings in tranquility and a sense of nostalgia of by gone days, as you are on a particular region when buying property in different locations in Italy. You should either have a quad band phone responds to all the lodging in italy, 900 MHz, 1800 MHz frequency bands which are entirely different from the EU have actively made the Mediterranean six hundred years Italy was defeated in World War 1, Benito Mussolini organized his fascist party and in 1922 became Prime Minister. Italy was a very high price and also be unaware of the calls.
I used all Papertrey ink goodness here. I will post the supplies below......... Sorry to be in such a hurry.... we are putting new floors in the house and I have been swamped :)
Maybe I could post a recipe of the soup and panini, it's easy but soooooo delicious!
What will the effect be when waste is in the rivers, Delaware or Chesapeake Bays?
Global Horror
Number of eighths of pizza eaten by students on Valentine's day = 32 (Yes, as a matter of fact I am teaching fractions right now.)
Of course I did recover, and then came the Spark story. And then, my Origins story.
They have made a decision, they set an allowance for themselves and they never waver from that vibration.
*Embellishments: white embossing powder
Here's hoping we actually get them.
*Felt flower (muted pink)
I left a lot of fear behind me, a lot of it was washed out to sea. There were words spoken into me that the ladies really had no clue were speaking so loudly to my heart and soul. I was blessed to be able to drop some heavy loads and heartbreak. God began a good work on this trip, a good work that I know He will be faithful to finish.
Make sure to get enough sleep daily. You should get about seven to eight hours. Sleep deprivation can be tied to many diseases, especially heart ailments and depression.
Carolyn, who writes the blog Daniel's Gift, sent me some photos of her son Daniel and the iPad they received as one of our pair of Mission 2 Recipients. Carolyn timed the iPad to give it to Daniel for his 13th birthday. She wrote a bit about it on one of her posts about the birthday itself, and she shared this with us as well.
MaMa Phyllis…the greatest Grandma I could have ever asked for. I love and miss her.
SO, HOW MANY HOMES DO WE HAVE RIGHT NOW ?
The art cover shows the ‘Down’ hit maker posing whilst leaning against a Spydrer C8 Skyder, black car.
ONE. PAD.
As we headed west for Swansea Bay
In the dawn of our falling apart
I remember the impressions of that day so well, but the memories are not so clear, jumbled up in emotion rather than logic. Who could have known what that beautiful day would bring--the crisp bright sky with beaming sun-rays piercing the morning. School was back in session, but I had left my position with the school system at the end of the previous school year and this fall was the beginning of a less-complicated, more peaceful writer's life.
*In less webbie (or techie) locations or places with a smaller population, I find Yelp to be only marginally useful.
It has been a tough couple of weeks since my last post. The physical challenges of daily activities are beginning to wear thin the veneer of courage that I once thought I'd wear to my grave. One day last week, while trying to get out of bed for work, the well of emotion that lay buried beneath months of conscious suppression burst forth in violent sobs of self-pity and fear. I had not allowed my self to go to those depths of despair. For a time I was sure that I had waited too long in preparing for my personal "end times."
‘Bye Bye Brasil’,
I took her to the doctor and the doctor recommended a pediatric neuro-psych eval. Well, one psych eval later and we find out she’s got Asperger’s with above average intelligence and skills, except for deficiencies in math. Now that we know what she faces, it’s easier to work with her and help her do better. She has sensory difficulties and easily gets overwhelmed at school, we had to initiate an IEP plan to help her do better in school and this year she has no D’s or F’s. That is truly something!
The ideal candidate should be computer literate, have a good telephone manner, be organised and hardworking. No formal qualification is required beyond Matric and a driver’s licence.
through the top 100 to top 12
Everything in the house is randomly colourful. Red kettle and multicoloured coffee mugs- the big thick kind- and art everywhere.
One of the places we visited was Berry Pomeroy Castle, it's supposed to be the most haunted castle in the UK, however, in spite of that it's worth a visit!
(This is the actual picture I found online that I built my desk after)
Dance
Night all.
I just needed to vent a little. Lots of stress! I know I've read some blog reports on the Nationals in Chicago and it sounds like it was a good turn out. Hopefully when I have a little more time I can check out some of the pics from it. Perhaps next year I will be able to take my kids to a show. I think they have one in Baltimore if I'm not mistaken.We shall see.
In the East, a 40 year old goalie is keeping his team alive and franchise players are only on the ice for 3 minutes a period.
This came up recently while talking to a business owner about their disappointment in people – so many don’t keep their word or pay their bills – and it’s people you would least expect that behavior from. Most of those people probably think of themselves as trustworthy, upstanding citizens. Since they lie to themselves (better known as excuses and justification), they are blinded to the fact that they are letting everyone else down. They are literally living in the shadowland of their own distorted perceptions.
Hope you like her. She is fun and one of those little projects that just make you smile.
“Good Christian sight is a matter of discernment, and what we see and don’t see is just as much a matter of concern as what we do and don’t do.” And concerning the power of language, “very little effort is given to transforming the way we see the world—to giving Christians a rich and useful language through which certain aspects of the world become more prominently visible and others become less prominently visible. Yet such a transformation is central to what the Christian faith is all about” (Charles Matthews, The Republic of Grace, 12, 33-4). Therefore, one of the responsibilities that God has given us through his Son is to name and call forth His image in each other. When we use people’s names and acknowledge their loveliness, we say that they are important to us and to God.
So that leaves the ‘reggae’ road. And THIS is where I personally see POLY STYRENE coming into her own. Title track ‘Generation Indigo’ is without doubt the highlight on the first half of the album. The slow, deliberate beat, the slight reverb and general dub atmosphere is given a slightly more commercial feel by attaching a catchy-as-hell chorus. ‘Code Pink Dub’ has distorted, spoken vocals accompanied by a dub backing, while ‘Colour Blind’ picks up the pace a little and makes me think of something that perhaps Gorillaz would have done.
He said No. No he won’t leave.
After he has made his disciples teachers of lies and deceivers, he has no rest until he makes them murderers, robbers, and blood-dogs. For who has ordered them to bear the sword, to make war, and to urge men on and stir them up to murder and war, when their duty was to attend to preaching and prayer?
I’ve done my best to straighten it
And, as a result, Dulwich Hamlet – whose late surge I am (subjectively) very pleased to say saw them reach the final play-off place – will play the unfortunate Bognor Regis this coming Tuesday in the play-off semi-final.
Cannon to right of them,
Preheat your oven to 450 degrees. Start cooking your rice however you plan on doing that.
Thanks for coming to my linky party! Feel free to post anything you would like from: home decor, crafts, recipes, thrift store finds, great before and afters, etc.
can’t figure out the distance between the Truth and a Lie.
Sunday night I return from my weekend spent watching the bullfights in Cheongdo (more on that later) and hanging out in Daegu. I walk into my apartment and immediatly notice that the floor feels squishy underneath my feet. Normally when this happens it’s because an air bubble has formed under the cheap wood grain patterned linoleum that covers the span of my apartment, but this is different. I Flip on the lights and walk around for a bit trying to figure out what the problem is when I hear a loud squelching sound and notice water coming coming out from underneath the linoleum where one sheet overlaps another. It turns out that there is a layer of water trapped underneath. So much water that when I step firmly on the floor in the center of the room I see small ripples migrating towards the wall, which makes the floor look like a cheap water bed.
Somehow, in the darkness I had inadvertently turned my ersatz “flashlight” back into a phone and it started dialing!
“Harder.”
I create a vision then draw her near
There’s really no way to put a positive spin on this story. The obama administration got caught trying to sneak through approval of a disastrous & dangerous business scheme directly on the heels of hefty campaign contributions from a financier obama & Co. have been cozy with for years. Expect obama to be subpoenaed but refuse to appear, and the FCC to quietly revoke the waiver as ever more Federal agencies and GPS-related industry groups join the pile-on.
By Susie Dow, ePluribus Media, May 12, 2006The US Army CID did the best investigation they could with the information available to them. But they were horribly lead astray by working with the assumption that Kirk von Ackermann disappeared from where his vehicle was found. Von Ackermann's military experience - especially as detailed in the Unclassified FOIA Response - makes clear the events of that day were well outside his norm of behavior.
I went to my normal tyre outlet and got a quote for 2 Dunlops; £138. They would have their own brand in again on Thursday. Now there are two depots of the same company in Kettering so I popped round to the other one who quoted me £145 for the same tyres. Mysterious!
I hope Swindon do well in League 1 as I like a lot of their players and Di Canio. They have a lot of potential and if they progress in the right way they could be in the Championship within a few years. The relegation to League 2 must have hurt the fans and I’m sure they are proud of their team and will be hoping for more success.
he has done the best thing possible to protect Rowan
His alter ego is also, although this is not stressed, a complete egotist. Henghis is detached, Osk is engaged, which makes sense because the thing that counts in the coming age is not intellect but will (or axial volition, to use the technical term).
“Sure.”
Half-drunk meetings along the canal at 2 am.
1t. Connor Bubolo (Lk) 25, 1t. Nick Belger (Lk) 25, 3. Keenan Baltunis (Lk) 33, 4. Kelsey Scolfied (Hd) 40, 5. James Olsen (Hd) 42, 6. Chris Hickson (Lk) 49, 7. Cory Zouzias (Hd) 49, 8. Kevin Sawlewr (Lk) 49, 9. Connor Yankowvich (Hd) 51, 10. Eric Rizzi (Hd) 56.
For a playtest draft the pdf looks surprisingly good. The 55 pages are arranged portrait in two-columns, with large and attractive fonts on white, including a fun heading style. There's also a lot of cool black and white art evoking weird sci-fi. It's structured as we'd expect for a game of its influences, part of the wider Old School Renaissance (OSR), but feels fresher and more modern-feeling than some pdfs, thanks to that design.
4. The green house is on the left of the white house
About Mazatlan:
Malika Zarrar: That’s right. There’s no law on this. They left the courthouse all smug.
By using the basic essential dinnerware I had & basic white pitchers
Taylor Marie “Tay” Kayonnie-Ehrlich
This was after sharing a large portion of spinach and artichoke dip.
Got more done on Maddy's dress the other night. Maddy helped me clean like crazy so I'd have a couple hours to sew on Wednesday night. I got the outer two layers of the bodice done and am working on putting in the boning on the inner lining. Pinned it on her and may take out a little of one side seam so it's not so tight. I don't want her to breathe and have the zipper start popping like it did last year during a fitting! Then we pinned on the skirt. It's really looking great. We should be to the zipper by the end of the Easter weekend... I hope.
We are minuscule
In terms of exercise, it was pointed out to me yesterday that I don’t mention it much. That’s because I’m inherently lazy and I have done nothing more so far than a bit of extra walking and a bike ride. I did intend giving Pilates a go today but I don’t see the point now. I normally work so I wouldn’t be able to try it unless, like today, I’m having a day off. I’m left wondering how on earth I will find the time to fit this in …
Even though the show was in Toronto and I lived not too far away, I decided to rent a hotel room. My parents and a lot of my friends were coming into town to watch and we all needed a place to stay. During my research I read numerous horror stories of suits flying open on stage (Oh by the way, this actually happened to me in 2011!!!! More on that in Part 2 of this blog) and other such fitness and figure urban legends so I decided to play it safe and packed practically everything I owned from sanitizing wipes to sewing kits.
Nina was “rescued” and spent the next five years in a no-kill kennel. The only reason she wasn’t snatched up was because she was a pit bull. Without getting into the debate about the dangers of pit bulls, I will just say that it’s my belief when dogs are raised to fight and kill, that is what they will do.
Are we on the verge of a massive financial collapse in Europe? Rumors of an imminent default by Greece are flying around all over the place and Greek government officials are openly admitting that they are running out of money. Without more bailout funds it is absolutely certain that Greece will soon default on their debts. But German officials are threatening to hold up more bailout payments until the Greeks “do what they agreed to do”. The attitude in Germany is that the Greeks must now pay the price for going into so much debt. Officials in the Greek government are becoming frustrated because the more austerity measures they implement, the more their economy shrinks. As the economy shrinks, so do tax payments and the budget deficit gets even larger. Meanwhile, hordes of very angry Greek citizens are violently protesting in the streets. If Germany allows Greece to default, that is going to start financial dominoes tumbling around the globe and it is going to be a signal to the financial markets that there is a very real possibility that Portugal, Italy and Spain will be allowed to default as well. Needless to say, all hell would break loose at that point.
Sauté the chopped onion in a few tablespoons olive oil for about 3 minutes or until tender. Add the carrots and the meat. Add enough of the meat stock to just cover the mixture, salt and pepper (taste the stock to verify how salty it already is so you don’t oversalt the dish) and allow to gently simmer over low heat for 20 minutes. At the end of the cooking time, allow the meat to cool to room temperature.
And then there’s the silence. No one is clinging to your leg and drooling for the chance to crack open your manuscript. In fact, you have a hard time finding someone to read it at all. And that’s when the disappointment sets in and you wonder what in the world you’ve gotten yourself into. You might have poured years into this novel, and no one wants it. Bummer.
I used Mark's Finest Papers, a Heinrich Co. "Daffodil Greetings" and "Brickwall Mini". I stamped my images on White Card Stock and then colored it with my Copic Markers. I chose to use Certainly Celery for the base of my card and then put some designer paper on the base. I punched out three circles and mounted my images into those circles. Then I took the circles that I punched out and added my sentiment to it and mounted them to my card with pop dots. I finished off my card with yellow ribbon and 3 green pearls on each side of my ribbon.
Send your hats to me at:
Entering the big pub, Meister was already well into a Tanglefoot, which for the uninitiated is a smooth, hoppy ale, not a bygone dance craze. The standard fare of brand lagers and the like were available but tonight I fancied the further choice of a Hopping Hare or a pint of Badger. Before the night was up all will have been consumed and I would have had the satisfaction of saying "3 pints of Badger" I don't know why that's satisfying but it just is.
And finally, Elemental is the prequel of the Storm series, the first book coming out later this month. I've heard only great things about this one, and when I saw it while browsing for books it was practically screaming at me to buy it.
The Conspirators (Le chevalier d’Harmental, 1843) later adapted by Paul Ferrier into an opera
1/4 cup gluten-free tamari
This will be our last challenge for the year as the team will be taking a brief holiday vacation. We will resume challenges the very first Wednesday in January. This means we must also say a fond farewell and a very merry thank you to Lynn Put who has been our fabulous Guest Designer throughout November & December. It's been a joy working alongside Lynn and seeing her beautiful creations here as inspiration each week.
“Well, right now it requires me to work, unlike you, but it also gives me more time. Think about how much time it takes to raise a husband.”
Ramohlale has two companies registered under her name – Ratamaropeng Construction and Projects and Bondu Engineering Contractors.
Mix potatoes with egg replacer, stir in flour add baking powder, and add milk while stirring
In the horizonless expanse of time
Your Mommy
So whether or not I wanted a kid was besides the point. I just wanted that choice.
Enough said, now let me present to you what my fellow bloggers churned out from their kitchen. Do hop over to the respective blog and read how much this dish meant to them.
Thus far NO ONE has even implied it may be cancer. I was distraught that I wasn’t there to protect her.
Abstracts also have images where applicable, so you really won’t miss out on anything by going mobile. You can also find the exhibitors you want to visit, browse through maps of the Ft. Lauderdale Convention Center, quickly access meeting guides, take notes that you can email to yourself later, and much more.
On the subject of the staff, overall I think that SBG has been received well. There are those who see it as a whole lot of work for no reason (thankfully in the minority) but mostly the staff see it as a positive and other staff are reporting their students are happier with the idea.
Finally, we set up shop in Yes Sensei bassist Paul Como's parents' house, ran cables everywhere and had a pretty good set up going. We recorded the tunes and it really didn't sound all that hot. Mostly it was my fault because I waited to the last minute to get a good guitar cabinet. Back then I hated recording and was more interested in playing shows constantly. Anyhow, we sat on that recording and were going to patch it up but eventually Paul left our little band and with Michael Parish assuming the bass role and weeks later Adam Vargas joining us on guitar we all thought it best to scrap the recording and finish re-working the five songs and discarding one from the band's library of tunes we had to make our second full length album which would turn into We Who Transplant Sustain; which meant that the long planned discussed split cd with Grid Iron went the way of so many youthful discussions and plans. And that is really unfortunate because in listening to these songs for the first time in years I realize what a missed opportunity I had to release a collection of outstanding songs on my label. I have a few regrets in my label history of projects that I passed up on or ones that didn't happen for whatever reason. I have been listening to this batch of songs a lot the last several days and all I could think was "man how did I NOT release this?"...oh well. Live and learn.
I agree with her, and now I find myself looking at my life, my schedule, and wondering...why do I feel so tired? What are the things that I'm doing without a purpose? How can I eliminate those things and replace them with things that are going to be purposeful?.
And more often wear a smile,
By 1890, Duke had consolidated his four major competitors, including Allen & Ginter, and formed the American Tobacco Company. The "Allen & Ginter Company" ceased to exist, but Lewis Ginter remained on the board of the American Tobacco Company.
‘Mitt Romney’s Tax Plan Is Still a Mathematical Failure’
All I know is that I either need to start getting some sleep or my body needs to hurry up and adjust to little or no sleep. Wonder how long that will take?
“You should put him out of his misery.”
Maybe they should go whole hog and actually become vegans. That would further cement their alliance with the greenie Left.
And you’d need strong feelings to use the word “ever” to describe 150 years in Earth’s history: “Warmest ever,” “third warmest ever,” “hottest ever,” “fifth hottest ever,” “second warmest ever.” Taken as a whole, statements like these, which are found in articles purporting to inform the public, become incantatory, and indeed echo literal hymns sung in literal churches, worldwide: “Forever and ever and ever …. Hallelujah, hallelujah,” and so forth, as set forth in Handel’s Messiah. People have said that global warming is its own religion, and it turns out they may be right.
so i learn something new about myself. i find it safer and most comforting to go to an unknown place than to one that i have been absent from for a long time.
¤ Do you Need to Naturally draw out ACIDITY from the body?
Oh yes, they're opened by the Spa Esprit group who also owns 40 Hands, Open Door Policy, House, Tippling Club, Skinny Pizza.... WOW.
Third, there was eager participation. Each person gave valuable input but their enthusiasm was impressive.
Hidup Rakyat.
Many Australians have invested in a logsplitter over the years for a number of reasons, the main being that it can provide a home with a seemingly endless supply of firewood at very little effort on the homeowners’ behalf. It is important, however, to understand everything that there is to know about a logsplitter before going out and purchasing one. You cannot just go into an outdoor power products supply store and ask the sales representative for a logsplitter – they will surely have a few questions that they would like to ask you first.
If you would like to purchase the terrarium, just send me a note at theclassicbride@gmail.com with your zip code and I will get you a shipping quote. All final payments are accepted via PayPal.
any bodies, she can't accuse anyone. And the person she wants to accuse is above reproach, who kills for pleasure, and who has decided to destroy Rachel.
As for the origin of language, no one can say for certain, because it happened so far back in prehistory that there's little evidence available. Research into this subject continues, and perhaps someday more clues will be discovered. I was surprised to find out, though, that preeminent linguist Noam Chomsky believes that language acquisition occurred over a short period of time as a result of a sudden gene mutation, while most other experts think it evolved slowly. Chomsky says: 'To tell a fairy story about it, it is almost as if there was some higher primate wandering around a long time ago and some random mutation took place, maybe after some strange cosmic ray shower, and it reorganized the brain, implanting a language organ in an otherwise primate brain'. While cautioning against accepting this literally, Chomsky insists that 'it may be closer to reality than many other fairy tales that are told about evolutionary processes, including language.' (Wikipedia, Origins of Language)
I suppose that makes sense, though I imagine it would be an expensive nap.
We’re all different, we all hold different views and we all have a human right to continue to do so. Those who want to come together in this way and show a strength of community and purpose – go in peace. And hope. Those who want to remember in their own way, or even not at all – go in peace. And hope.
But let’s say that Brien could find 5000 people to join a law suit against me. What is it he is suing me for? Telling the truth? Revealing that he has been deceiving authors and taking their money without providing services? Is this a crime? Are we all living on that Animal Farm where truth becomes lies and lies become the law?
and care for her in return.
1 tusks
The recent plans to build a new community on the banks of the toxic Gowanus Canal now seem to be part of a faded dream. As last decade's real estate boom collapsed in 2008, the Brooklyn Daily Eagle reported that The "Gowanus Village property is back on the market.... the asking price is $27 million." By 2009, the NY Times had concluded that "New York is, after all, a city where people have proved themselves willing to live almost anywhere, where no location, be it smelly or notorious... seems to be beyond the reach of gentrification. But the case of the Gowanus Canal has put that assumption to an extreme test.... the Gowanus Canal has been left to wait on the verge of metamorphosis, no longer one thing but not yet another."
Thomas Edison: Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
floor and Riley had no intentions of getting in trouble for not cleaning up after himself.
I would love to hear where you have stayed and of your experiences travelling in Provence... Which hotels you like, which you don't... Let's chat... tell me all... the good and the bad... xv
Round 2: Ch 8. Sl st in same st. *Ch 8. Sl st in next st. Repeat from * around, with the final sl st in the base of the first ch loop. Finish off, weave in ends or leave ends for tying onto hat.
There will be a public ceremony and if you're able and you're interested in improving the community, come out and lend your strength and support.
This is an idea we originally saw over at planningwithkids (Nic's pic is WAY better!) - and the kiddos made it by themselves (all except the actual melting of the chocolate), so very kiddo-friendly. We made these as last year's neighbour presents...and they went down a treat!!
The special agent in charge of the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) in El Paso, Joseph Arabit, said, "Our intelligence indicates that they kill frequently for a hundred dollars." Allegedly a retaliatory contract hit that killed three Americans including an El Paso Sheriff's deputy was ordered from the El Paso County Jail, the Post reported:
Although it might be strangely convenient to have cotton grown and manufactured into cloth in India, clothing sewn in Peru, and then garments shipped to the U.S., each transportation step pollutes our world's air and water.
The tall, stately gentleman said,
Jesus Is Love
they are like the old-fashioned ideas of a future state
June 8-17, 2012
Why I chose this book: I've read them all.
Five days before Christmas.
when you are creatively stuck? Well, we (Ivonne and myself) get on the phone to talk about it and the "motivator" cheers the "not so motivated one" and gets her going. But, what happens when it's both of us? That's when it gets tough. This was a first for us, especially with Ivonne having health issues. That's when we heard about Midweek Magnolias having their very first challenge. I forwarded the email to Ivonne and asked her if she was up to participate in this challenge. And guess what? She said yes and that got us back on track again. I am so blessed to have a friend/sister in my life like her. She picks me up when I am down and keeps me grounded. Thanks, Ivonne!!!
Tanya took a lean on the nearest table. “Just running from job to job, like always. Still writing, I see.”
Also, an art competition where teens illustrate what healthy relationships look like is happening Tuesday evening in Julia Davis Park in Boise.
Maybe if I get more involved in all these different sites, I'll propel my career into the stratosphere. But then maybe if I just keep writing and getting books out, I'll just naturally build up a following because people, instead of following me because they want to find out via twitter what I had for lunch, have just read and enjoyed my books over a number of years.
Of how you lived so fast and died so young so...
Changene collaborated with NASA to perform further research in this area. They are hopeful of performing the first clinical trials with the nacre-controlling-molecular substance by next year.
UPDATE: As predicted, the Super Committee gave up. Hmmm, my Momma told me that Winners never quit and Quitters never win. Guess we know which camp those folks are in.
Half-chewed toys brought to your bed,
Buffalo Chicken empanada. This is shredded white meat chicken mixed with a Frank’s Hot Sauce and blue cheese filling. I really liked this one, but I happen to enjoy hot wing flavors. The blue cheese and hot sauce flavor is very prominent.
Your life will have length
As it just so happens, Chevron ended up buying Unocal, and therefore their interests in the Afghanistan pipeline.
I really appreciated this book, and hope that others might find the above helpful too. We may not have awareness magnets on our cars just yet, but my goal is make people aware of what this disorder is really all about, and how to understand those who have it, rather than judging them.
The floors were covered, forsooth, with
Final Thoughts:
Happy Birthday Mae... I love you!
The banks argue they increased lending rates because their funding costs have risen. I am not usually in the business of defending banks but on this occasion they were right. As the Reserve Bank's February Statement of Monetary policy noted: "Bank funding costs have increased relative to the cash rate over the past six months."
Firstly, he offered to pick me up - which has honestly never happened unless they were already my boyfriend. When I expected him to just call me when he arrived, he legit parked the car and rang the doorbell. He opened car doors, ordered for me, bought me drinks and dinner, and took me dancing.
Two days ago my Guatemalan friend called and told me that he had just received a phone call from her because her brother-in-law told her a Guatemalan man and two gringo's had come by looking for her. (so much for trying to be nonchalant). Apparently it is rare for Americans to visit their area in the mountains. :) Anyway, after a short conversation she was thrilled to hear it was us and agreed to meet with us. We warned her that Aleigha would not be with us, and while she was of course disappointed, she understood and we promised her we would bring pictures.
Let’s assume for the sake of argument that all academic journals move to the open access model. This will mean that universities have to devote less money to library budgets and more money to faculty research budgets, the budgets within universities that right now support things like, say, a historian travelling to a distant archive or a scientist buying rats for an experiment.
Jackie Gleason (who played Ralph Cramden) from The Honeymooners begat Fred Flinstone from The Flintstones, begat Homer Simpson from The Simpsons, begat Peter Griffin from Family Guy, begat Stan Smith of American Dad.
However every time I find myself subtly rejected, pushed away and scrapped out of your life, it chips away so much of my dignity and my being. It powderizes my already comminuted heart.. flashes out my already swallowed pride..
So writer, blogger, traveler, otherwise community…what did I miss that I should add to the list? Why do you write a (travel) blog? If you don’t, why not? Why do you read other travel blogs? How do you feel about promoting your blog in other places or people reading your writing? As always I look forward to your take on things!
Did not cost more than $200, so everyone should be able to afford it. If you were on the list and allowed to buy that is.
Said Wrenster: “So there I was in my sick-bed when this film comes on. I start to watch, having never seen it before and, to my surprise, find myself laughing…out loud. I have never really been a fan of either Doris Day or Rock Hudson, but I did enjoy this piece of fluff. And in our modern times when comedies currently released in the cinema can hardly raise a smile, let alone a laugh, I found this a pure delight. So the sexual politics maybe a little outdated, but there were some beautifully timed comedy set-pieces: The moment Doris Day discovers the real identity of Hudson’s character has one of the best use of music I have seen in a movie since the Warner Bros cartoons! A film that I didn’t think I would enjoy, but was completely bowled over by.”
Some people were most upset about Jesus teachings about the Kingdom of God. They wanted an earthly kingsdom so intensely that they could not hear, nor comprehend that the kingdom was inside of them too. It still is.
Even though the restaurant is not large, only about two dozen tables, the line moved quickly and we were seated at a spanking new booth next to a window. It took a while for our server to get to us, but given how busy the restaurant was, this was understandable.
She was stronger than the others though, refusing to become the maliable slave he desired. She rang the bell incessantly fighting him everytime he opened the lid, until he had to cut the string. When she was too weak to fight she’d spit in his face. It had become a sick game between them, him coming up with more sadistic ways to twist her into submission, and her fighting not to give him what he wanted.
It’s a big emotional peer-group jump from junior school to secondary school.
Preheat oven to 375F.
This tallboy has been Isabella's since she was 1 year old...this is what I was sanding when I cut my finger last weekend....hmmmm I am starting to think it was the teddies' revenge ;)... That is the mirror that I madeover and posted about HERE ...
The task force is charged with ensuring that rapidly growing efforts to tap vast natural-gas supplies in the country’s shale formations, which require advanced drilling techniques including “fracking,” are “safe and responsible.” …
They're coming, and I'm standing here with open arms.
My young self, please don't follow my path and ended up wasting so much of your life and hiding who you really are from people. Transition now and live your life as the female that you were born to be.
With the rapid increase in population, urbanization, and industrialization reduce the quality of Philippine waters, especially in densely populated areas and regions of industrial and agricultural activities.
I do not know the truth or otherwise of these allegations.
A: He thought it was a delivery service.
2. Use a small christmas tree,wooden cutout tree or branches and hang Christmas decorations with each guest’s name. You can then use these as small gifts for your guests to take home.
While Pevear and Volokhonsky render this as: “In response to the devastation produced by the death in this company slowly walking behind him, he wanted, as irresistibly as water whirling in a funnel rushes into the deep, to dream and think, to toil over forms, to bring forth beauty.”
As happens all too often, poor tribal women seem to be particularly targeted for the forced sterilization.
Mike Vick just turned the ball over while I was reading up on this beer on Erie's website. Should have known something was going to happen when this beer claimed a balance of hops and malt. Now Dallas is first and goal. Dammit all.
I hope you feel better soon baby boy!
Although otoro is considered a higher grade than the medium-fatty Chutoro it really is no less special, and I often prefer it’s lighter, finely-marbled consistency to that of it’s fattier counterpart. I am also rather partial to its pretty pink hue!
I will let you know how trying to do these with my husband goes!
Scott said upon signing the bill.
But these words in context do more than comfort a victim. This treasure – found in the midst of five grief-ridden poems – comfort the perpetrator. Line after line, tear after tear, Judah grieves the fall of her Jerusalem, once full of people, now “like a widow she has become.” She who was great “has become a slave.”
Like the others, this comes highly recommended for truly inspirational reading that will leave you with goose-bumps and a warm feeling in your heart!
24 cherry tomatoes, halved
- 2 cups all-purpose flour (900 cal)
Color me pleasantly surprised, then, when I ended up really liking the show. I’m certain that I’m automatically biased when watching this show. I’m a twenty-something who spent her post-college years in New York City, working unpaid internships, while trying to to figure out what I want to do with the rest of my life. Basically, the past six years of my life have not been too far from the concept of this show. And so it’s nice to see that I was not alone in floundering in misspent youth.
The award honored a series of ideas the team developed and implemented to prevent accidental damage that could literally have cost Boeing millions of dollars.
But the thought of child modeling sort of icks me out. I mean, from there, it's just a slippery slope to beauty pagents, eating disorders, and chain smoking while doing lines of coke during Fashion Week. Right?
It’s been a long and arduous process. A journey. A road with many ups and downs.
Thanks for the kind words on the last post..
Fall has fallen. With a thud. One day it is 29C (whatever in the 80sF) and the next day, we get up to a high of 16C (61F). No transition. No gradual decrease in the daily high temperature. Just smacked in the face with cooler temps.
Albert, Hog and Super all participated in a running club at school this year. They have the most dedicated PE teacher who truly cares about the kids and goes above and beyond to teach them healthy habits. They went to school early twice a week and ran about a mile each time. Some of our children were a little more enthused about the running than others, but, overall it was a great experience. (Let's just say that some favor their mother's hobbies and some favor their father's.) If they accumulated 25.2 miles, they qualified to run in a one mile race for kids that was held in January the day before the PF Changs marathon. All three of our kids qualified and had a great time at the race.
3. Mechanical Pencils Are you kidding me? Mechanicals make a nice gift. A lot of people have really cheap Mechanical Pencils. Not a lot of people have really nice Mechanical Pencils. I have given one or two of these away as gifts and I hope they are well used. Coolness tip: Drafting or Architect pencils are a sweet gift for dudes. Again, be aware that there are different size leads available from the super fat the the ultra thin. .5 is usually a safe bet. Here are some of my favorites...The Kuru Toga will automatically rotate your lead for you and at $16.50 it is bad ass. LAMY makes another one for around $25 that is nice.
And then comes right back.
She wore a long “Peace Love Yoga” t-shirt that came almost to her knees when she stood, but as she lay there with her knees crooked, it rode halfway up her thighs.
TH: Yea, it’s all bullshit…
But Defoe smuggled Laura, a nursing assistant who also models at promotional events, into his hotel room.
When Islam considers women to be deficient in reason, and I refute this assertion – in that case Islam attacks me, and I am merely attacking back. When Islam calls to kill whoever does not believe in it, and I refute this, in that case Islam attacks me, and I am merely attacking back. I do not attack Islam. I criticize it, but unfortunately, we, the victims of Islamic upbringing, view any criticism as an attack.
4. We sit & wait with baited breath that we will get featured!
I remembered as child walking home from Sun Prairie Jr. High, in Sun Prairie, Wisconsin, and I remember the feeling of walking against the wind. I wondered if it would gust enough to blow me away.
The food didn’t just complement the beer—it was delicious. This was a full-on six-course gourmet meal: seared salmon with blackberries; flatbread with prosciutto, gorgonzola and arugula; cassoulet with duck sausage; a flourless chocolate torte with caramel ice cream and sea salt brittle; and a dried fruit beggar’s purse made of phyllo. Add the beer pairings (which basically carry the punch and cost of wine), and the meal was an absolute steal at $40.
Note to self: bring garment bag full of extra clothes to work and bathe in liquid deodorant before taking the train.
I begin to narrow it down,
I took my original training with Tanya back in December. Honestly, she was a little intimidating for a rookie! But she inspired and uplifted and challenged me. She made me examine myself and my motivations. She taught me an incredible amount in a short 9 hours.
1 cup sifted powdered sugar
+The Wicker Doll
Sorry for the long time away, I had rent and a damage deposit for a new place come out on the same cheque, so I’ve been a little tight on cash. Which generally means I’m eating beans n’ rice. But all is well and I can have my sangria and drink it tooo!
Audience: Why not use a trolley bus? Use a wire on top? (Repeated question. A trolley bus would obviously have saved digging up the streets.) Tell me what for a tram and then we shut up!
Did you know the Louvre Museum in Paris is the largest art museum in the world? It was also the residency to kings prior to the Palace of Versailles and is, to this day, a historic monument that represents most nations. Aside from numerous pieces of famous artwork and exhibits, it even houses a McDonalds! (Talk about an experience that crosses cultural divides.)
is welcome to our club
And “Soldier” (Bush) Was (apparently) A Leader
They follow her around like she's Aphrodite
I have been wanting to revamp my website for a while, and I have finally begun the process. I am much happier with it, I know it still needs tweaking here and there. I would love to hear your feedback if you so choose to share it...
In the last 35 days we have been enjoying this amazingly beautiful weather with lots of outside time and trips to the park, I've done a little bit of sewing for myself (which was long overdue), and I spent a much needed girls weekend with Lindsay and Amy. Scott & I are excited that Spring and warm weather are finally here. We are making plans for a little garden, and a few chickens. In a few weeks we will take a family vacation to our favorite little spot on earth, and I can not tell you how much we are looking forward to this. We have been taking little getaways here for years, and every time we arrive we say that we feel like we are home.
I swear Avery is growing because she is always signing and saying eat.
I think this is the point, they decided that Rock Band is not for parents.
I find it interesting that it seems that a lot of Loki’s people are working with divination and shamanism.
i am craving a new tattoo like an alcoholic craves liquor. like a ludomaniac craves a win. like a fat kid craves cake. like brad pitt craves angelina jolie.
Well, the day dawned bright and beautiful, and our guests were out and about soon after breakfast to take advantage of the lovely sunshine. Some were going mountaineering and others were taking in the sights. All our guests were out and about by around 10:30 am and so the round of cleaning began. There was lots to do and Hubby and I finally finished the cleaning and vacuuming around 1:30 pm.
About the Materials: “I use a Babylock Grace sewing machine, which I bought from Quilter’sCorner, which is also where I get a lot of my fabric. They have an incredible selection, and provide terrific support for anyone who purchases one of their machines. I also buy fabric from Homespun, which has really good stuff, and although I usually prefer to support local businesses, I do find the occasional lovely fabric at JoAnn’s. I also love to repurpose vintage linens (they make great sachets and pillow covers). I can’t stay away from the gorgeous new fabrics that are available, but there are so many reasons to recycle, repurpose, reinvent, etc., and I need to do more of this.”
Eternal Life is more than pie in the sky by and by. A full and satisfying life is much more than a home in heaven at the end of a life of persistence and endurance. Life is what God is – infinite love, freshness, joy, valor, colour and adventure. God is love and God is life. God is Jesus Christ who is life itself. Life is a Person and so is love. To know that Jesus is the resurrection and the life is not just to have a ‘blessed hope.’ It is to have a daily life that is alive. It is to have a spring of living water welling up inside one’s being with which to water our existence.
The Shawinigan Handshake beer refers to Prime Minister Chretien (from Shawinigan) throttling a protester (and perhaps should have a peppery taste given this leader’s other public relations nightmare regarding the use of pepper spray on demonstrators at an economic summit):
Thomas Sowell is a Fellow at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University in Palo Alto, California. Like Prof. Williams, he is an economist and a widely published columnist; and like him, has been critical of race-based policy, such as affirmative action. Prof. Sowell began in rural North Carolina, moving to Harlem at the age of 17. Initially a high school dropout, he supported himself at various jobs, eventually landing a position with the federal government. Following service in the Korean War, he got his GED and studied economics at various institutions, culminating with a Ph.D. in economics from the University of Chicago in 1959. During the 1950s, he acknowledged that he was a Marxist, a position he later rejected when he performed a study of the impact minimum wage laws and found that higher minimum wages reduced employment.
We’ve read news reports from Peru the mass dolphin deaths could be related to an ‘earthquake zone’, pollution, climate change, a possible marine mammal virus, morbillivirus DMV, and sonar equipment tests used by oil companies which were allegedly carried out in June of 2011.
Several weeks ago, Buffy Sainte-Marie, the Canadian Cree Indian folk, country and rockabilly singer fired up a Calgary audience with songs of unabashed activism on social justice, as well as love and aboriginal identity. She plastered the song charts in the 1960’s and throughout her career, with song themes which included: pacificism (her famed song Universal Soldier) during the Vietnam War, environmental protection activism intertwined with aboriginal rights (Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee), corporate greed (No, No Keshagesh), and celebratory aboriginal identity (He’s an Indian Cowboy).
“Or something”, I replied in playful tone.
So much so that I have decided to draw a line after today and start afresh tomorrow. It's almost like a mini New Year where I get to start my resolutions again and don't have to feel guilty about what's come before. It also means that (hopefully) I will save some money by stopping purchasing all the Cadbury Caramel eggs that I just can't seem to get enough of!
The complaint says corrections officers are not checking to ensure that prisoners are properly anesthetized and unconscious before administering two lethal drugs: one that causes asphyxiation and another that stops the heart “with excruciating pain that has been likened to the feeling of having one’s veins set on fire.”
Here they are both Jen's winning layout and my Bettie girl:
When Scannell got home, he could not be bothered waiting for demob, so went on the run again until a general pardon in the 1950s.
Me: Yeah, that was great, hey?
Fenugreek Seeds– pinch
Facebook time: About the same-- check it a couple times a week. It's not an important part of my life.
the white blossoms and my baby bird Lottie top the list!
FB used to punish people who updated via Networked Blogs - they don't want people to set it and forget it. They took it back and weren't punishing anymore. Now they kind of went back to that a little where everyone who was talking about the same kind of thing get stacked and only the most recent post on that topic (Networked Blogs is a "topic"), so be careful how and when you're posting.
I know you have studied these things extensively, so I am confident you can help. Thank you again for reminding us that God’s word is eternal and unchanging.
* Skill-exclusives include epic BoP relics that act as trinkets, better than those created from Matrix Shards. Also BoP artifact-level enhancements and hilts, as well as prototype-level BoP shields / power generators.
Notice that the brewery can't tell you where to buy their beer. No other industry in the state of Texas is prohibited from telling you where to purchase their product. Wineries, I am reasonably sure, can tell you what stores and bars sell their product. But breweries can't. That's something that needs to be changed.
2-26 Spokane, WA Spokane, Arena
Unfortunately the adventure was only active for a year more or less, the reason: a 'person' a little bit intransigent.
HB x
- Deals by Year – Chart and table displaying information encompassing the number of deals and value reported by the company by year, for a five year period.
This cashmere sweater didn't get worn during the winter so I decided to take advantage of our cooler weather today and take it out for a spin. Still springlike, but nice and cozy. I'll have to remember to hide it from the moths :)
Readers might wonder why John asks this godly woman to do so when he clearly acknowledges that she is already a good and faithful Christian. The various epistles remind believers of the importance of keeping the faith when facing temptation and false teachers. One of these is 2 Peter 1:5-12:
Have a lovely day all and many, many thanks for dropping by.
“Wonderful!” we chimed.
We suspect the world was placing a little more ‘hope’ in Bernanke’s willingness to print-and-save-us-all as the IMF just announced the activation of its “New Arrangements to Borrow” for a further six months. Obviously, given the quota subscriptions and the nature of the NAB, we suspect the rest-of-the-world will get pound of flesh (or USD bailout) implicitly. This is not completely unexpected as we have been discussing the rise in borrowing arrangements/facilities at the IMF for a while – what is notable is the timing – given constant chatter out of Europe that all is ‘satisfactory’.
Havanavicus studied silent films of the twenties and thought the genre would make a great movie, as they are tailor made for melodramas. He also wrote the screenplay in four months, researching archival photographs and drawing inspiration from the careers and films of actors Douglas Fairbanks, Greta Garbo. Gloria Swanson and Joan Crawford. It's a gutsy gamble and from the glowing reviews so far, it looks like one that will pay off.
CHRIST TODAY! I WILL NEVER WALK IN DARKNESS. I WILL NEVER WALK IN CONFUSION OR
Here are some photos from some of the past times we've gone with Gunner:
We had put everything that is not going in to the RV in storage last weekend and that storage unit is packed FULL! The kids love their things, Jazmin loves to keep everything that she finds interesting or that has any kind of meaning to her (from rubber bands to pudding cups to everything in between). So we were able to fit bags and bags of their things in the storage unit, burying poor Bob, the '72 Cutlass, that will one day be fixed up!! We had sold our couches and extra tv's, etc.
And yet I remember those days very fondly. We were relatively carefree and our troubles at the time – in retrospect – were minor and bound to come good just by having a little patience and waiting for life to take its course. Whilst I couldn’t sing or instantly play the guitar like Hendrix I did have a frighteningly egotistical sense of humour which seemed to burst into life as soon as any recording device was placed in front of me and switched on.
-Thank your Liebster Blog Award presenter on your blog.
.: A person of good intelligence and of sensitivity cannot exist in this society very long without having some anger about the inequality – and it’s not just a bleeding-heart, knee-jerk, liberal kind of thing – it is a normal human reaction to a nonsensical set of values where we have cinnamon flavored dental floss and there are people sleeping in the street :.
I missed the people, they were great and they made me feel at home while I was there. I admired the way they got stuff done, including building a quick-attack and a water tender around the time I was there. It was old school the way they made do.
Oh, and here’s a Words with Friends update: I am now playing with this young woman. You may have heard of her. She’s known for being an illiterate moron. I have lost the last 3 games I’ve played. I’m afraid my self-esteem is about to take a pounding.
Don't judge me too harshly, but I tend to flip-flop between Pump Up the Volume and Heathers quite regularly as to what I consider the best Christian Slater performance of all-time. But right this minute, I'm leaning toward this particular one. Mainly because Mark Hunter, shy teen by day, horny disc jockey by night, is such a juicy role. Plus, I tend to relate more to Mark/Harry's personality crisis. When he's pontificating as his more forthright alter ego, Hard Harry, a cock-ring wearing, masturbation enthusiast with a penchant for Wild Cherry Diet Pepsi and Black Jack gum, you could tell Christian was having a blast being the reluctant spokesmen for the Why Bother? Generation.
Although sponsorship could very well become a part of Infringement Brooklyn in the future, this year we are focusing less on sponsorship and more on giving community groups a voice. This year, the Infringement Brooklyn collective will provide time and space for progressive and/or grassroots organizations to “set up shop” in the venue, to disseminate information relevant to the local, national and global community. In this very important election year, we want vox populi, the voice of the people, to be heard. Please email us if you are part of or know of an organization that might be interested in participating.
In at least one respect, 2012 started out better for me than any year before it. To be sure, I've had my share of enjoyable New Year's Eves, but each of them, without exception, has seen me alone or in the company of family members. In fact, from 2005 to 2011 I had an unbroken stretch of watching the Ball drop in my living room.
Here in North Carolina, we're perilously close to having our Constitution amended by religious bigots to cause all sorts of grief in the name of super-double outlawing gay marriage. Now, gay marriage is already illegal here, but the its opponents are desperately afraid that law could be overturned by an activist court that we don't have. In order to make sure no gays can ever get married, they want to firebomb civil unions, even it means stripping widows of their pensions (unlikely, but if you read the amendment, there's no allowance for anything but marriage, and you can't be married to a dead person), denying legal protections to unmarried battered women (much more likely, and there's precedent for it), and taking children off an unmarried parent's insurance policy (a certain consequence). This is a religiously motivated attempt to write discrimination and intolerance into our laws. What recourse is there if it passes? None in the state, except to attempt to get a repeal on the ballot, which could take decades. Perhaps the amendment could be found un-Constitutional at the federal level, but this looks unlikely and again could be decades away. Meanwhile, real harm, and actual injustices will be done. So why can't we charge the NCGA (all who voted for the measure) with treason for attempting to establish religious bigotry in the state Constitution? Surely, if anything violates the separation of church and state, it's this?
I've taken two classes at a community college, and got A's in both of them.
I see and understand those points (I'm really worried about how the article we're in will turn out!), and I definitely understand if a family simply doesn't want their personal lives laid open and judged by the careless hand of a reporter, but I don't personally agree with them. If we (unschoolers) want to always be considered the "freaks" of the educational world, the ones held up as the far extreme of the spectrum, then laying low is a good thing. Otherwise, I don't think it is! Knowledge and exposure are the first steps to understanding, and I think unschooling really does need more understanding! Yes, every time that an article about unschooling comes out there will be many people who are horrified by the idea, and proceed to call it child abuse, neglect, plain idiocy, etc. etc. etc... However, there are also always a handful of people who are interested, no matter how badly the article is written. A handful of people who decide to Google it themselves, who look into it and realize that this is the educational path they always wanted, but simply never knew it existed! For those people, having unschooling more "out there" is a wonderful thing. And since Emi and I are too old to get hassled by the government (Quebec has pretty shitty homeschooling laws), our family is the perfect one to do it!
She grabbed the pen and hastily signed the sheet. There. No turning back.
Al Jazeera’s Harry Fawcett reporting from Kuala Lumpur says: “Already we are hearing that thousands are near Independence Square, there will be a significant turnout.”
What Guidelines Should Cover
I mean, the remake decided it was a good idea to play some slowed-down cover of the song during a scene that really didn't make sense. I think KB 2.0 was just lounging on the couch and looking out the window, all full of teenage angst. Not really a 'heroic' scene, if you ask me.
In case you didn't get that, scientists claim that horizontal stripes are slimming! I'm having trouble accepting this. I feel like they just told me Santa Claus isn't real, and next thing you know, they'll be talking about the easter bunny. And then maybe gravity. Yes, even I have bought into this, which may be a myth, and I feel so betrayed.
Location: after a trip from hell from Bangkok: Koh Tao
It's the novelty Tiki cup that convinces Minh and Suze to order the ultimate mai tai but the real highlight is when we realise it includes the spectacle of FIRE.
Hey, who moved the safety net?
Yes, mothers, teach your children the gospel in your own home, at your own fireside. This is the most effective teaching that your children will ever receive. This is the Lord’s way of teaching. The Church cannot teach like you can. The school cannot. The day-care center cannot. But you can, and the Lord will sustain you. Your children will remember your teachings forever, and when they are old, they will not depart from them. They will call you blessed–their truly angel mother.
What if your parent(s) were neglectful or abusive? Made lousy choices financially and with their health, and now, as a result of those choices, need (your) help to survive?
They chatted about school and music and Matt talked about all the places he’d been riding and how much he liked the road up to the river. “Ever since I came up here, I wanted to bring you. I knew you’d like it.”
Sharia the flame haired warrior princess stepped into the vast open area just as a third grinding echo reverberated through the rock salt dome. The fools above had found her bloody clue and opened the trap door to their doom, she realized. Two more lives, though they counted her an enemy, rested now on her narrow shoulders.
Ephesians 3:10-13
Coming out of town things got serious as it was time to break up the field. I flew up the two part, fairly long climb immediately after town hoping to draw the strong legs with me and establish a break of 5 guys or so. No takers. Ok, I’ll solo to the finish. No to that, too, as the dwindled pack of about 50 gobbled me up at the moderately inclined final peak. So my push up the hill did accomplish half of its goal in that it did reduce the field to a more manageable 50 riders. Just as the catch of me was made, Anthony Felitte of the always aggressive and astute Keltic team, sprung away on a solo flyer. And everyone watched him go.
Anyabwile: I agree with Carl’s concerns. I reacted online because there is also a need to appreciate men who are faithful and worthy of double honor. We need to bring a distinction between celebrity and notoriety.
OK, I don’t even know what I’m doing. This isn’t even me, and who is me really? Of course I like him, but my interest falls on different lines everyday. Pretty eyes, nice smile, charming persona. I love it all about him. But I’m not ready for this road. I’ve never traveled to his world before, and I’m not sure I’m ready. I’m not even that comfortable in my own world just yet.
Total 1635 cal, 1 loaf, about 15 slices, 110 cal / slice
When nobody in the world needs to beg,
In December, the House voted overwhelmingly, 333-79, to censure Rangel over rules violations that stemmed from unpaid taxes on a villa he owned in the Dominican Republic, undisclosed financial assets and the improper use of his office for fundraising.
Special needs trusts have enhanced the quality of life of so many disabled adult children and grandchildren. And they have also given peace of mind to concerned parents and grandparents.
One last thing! In addition to giving a full program to one of my readers, My Memories Suite has also given me a code to share with you for $10 off the purchase of the program, and $10 additional in store credit....hey, you cant ALL win the entire program. Should you not be the lucky winner, and you still want to buy the program just enter STMMMS1186 at checkout for $10 off and $10 in store credit
Because of this Hamish is not allowed (bawhahahahhahahahah) on the sofa.
Say it loud. I’m a beer geek and proud!
But my biggest crisis of confidence is my new story. I've researched it. I've downloaded the trial version of Scrivener (not yet convinced but willing). I've cut out pictures. I've made notes. Have I started writing it? No, of course not. The characters aren't yet real, but they're forming. The place is almost there.
It's been a helluva a week and I really needed to see that beauty again, and to remind myself that I have things like that to look forward to.
WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!
This blog was sort of like a 'stepping stone' in the direction to a more 'proper blog' (where I wouldn't be that personal lol).
Turnbull shouts for help and Kozrak and another guard come to his aid. They beat the broken Hex back into submission and Turnbull leaves the cell, letting Jonah nurse his wounds and contemplate his fate.
10-10-02 Jump Form: 2U0/43211412222/22211PU33P2/1P4402P32FP-26611 Owner: The Bill & Ben Partnership
My vehicle was able to take a brief tour off Crazy Avenue as I put on the hat of mommy. I surprised the princess by bringing a special guest to see her receive her awards, Nana – the woman who took care of her from 6 months old to kindergarten. The smile that crossed the princess face when she saw Nana , reminded me how important this detour was even if only for an hour.
So-called cost-effective price and performance naturally contains two meanings, the nec mobilepro 900c, all they want their client to experience is experienced from boardrooms, classrooms and even tiled together for a video wall up to eight lines with 24 phones, or 18 single-line phones. You can say that this is quite common amongst all products but one difference is that a client will from then on view the nec mobilepro 400 in bright, crisp life like image.
Shirley cuts her throat, bleeds orange blood, dies, then turns into yet ANOTHER yellow-green ghost to be with GhostBobby and read from that bible/book (which is now also in ghoulish outline) for all eternity in Heaven...or Hell...anyway it's in the same house...which is oddly not police-taped off or condemned or even has the furniture moved out or anything.
The Reformasi movement dated back to 1998 and wave after wave of Bersih movement bear certain resemblances, which had hundreds of thousands of Malaysians surge in the streets to rally in solidarity.
PG&E Corporation, Alternative Energy Deals By Type, 2006 to YTD 2012 7
After a few hours at Busch Gardens we checked into our condo for the week and got a good night of sleep for another fun-filled day the next day. Gam Gam and Papa got to see Busch Gardens for the first time on Monday. They took Trey on the roller coaster, the Elmo Jumper, and Oscar's Whirly Worms. Trey loved showing them all his favorite rides.
Kosovo is 90 percent ethnic Albanian. Serbs dominate in a small swathe of the north bordering Serbia and pledge allegiance to Belgrade. They have so far resisted efforts by the Kosovo government to extend its authority there.
League and the Chilren’s Eternal Rainforest, however I believe I have
Love you all
With tomatoes and peppers in great supply right now, and reasonably priced to boot, I decided to go with an adaptation of Tessa's Panzanella from her book Twelve: A Tuscan Cook Book, and as this is a book I haven't used before this will also be my contribution this week to Cookbook Sundays. If you've been delving into your cookbooks lately, I'd love you to share your post with me and my friends who are trying to get those cookbooks down off the bookshelves and onto the kitchen bench. Keep reading for full details on how to participate.
Useful generic functions are usually the result of composing useful generic functions; the fact that these are easy to write is, however, not an excuse for not having them in a rich prelude. Given a total function for splitting a list at a given point:
Can I be sure that's all I'll get!
Cain says that one-third to one-half of our population is introverted: “They feel at their most alive and their most switched-on and their most capable when they’re in quieter, more low-key environments…a lot of the time.” When introverts are forced out of their quiet, contemplative, and, often, creative ways, it’s our community’s loss. Schools, workplaces, and our whole idea of leadership are biased towards extroverts:
Not to mention terrible twos that evolve into calling the cops because the kid just turned into Damien! Wtf?! No joke
Hindus have a Day of Paint.
Anonymous
weight lose has been slow & at times it has totally discouraged me. I wanted to
Anyway, in 2009, I began shopping the manuscript around with agents and based on some feedback that I was getting, I knew I had a good concept but I could tell that there were some problems with my story. I signed with a fabulous agent who is very editorial and I loved her ideas about how to fix Puzzled by Pink. I was grateful for her input and she got me over a very big hump.
19, boulevarde Victor Hugo
The supper was rather short. We just sat around that lone environmental candle that I brought, didn’t even drink the fire water that Jenny brought, and went to sleep. It was cold (or maybe people were just tired after that quite difficult trail). Mostly due to the cold wind blowing from the ocean. Seriously, even in Alaska last year I wasn’t that cold.
Is releasing limited information resulting in half-assed coverage hyping sensationalist spin slanted heavily toward police sources better than a situation where the release of information is delayed until after disposition of the case, the way we do, for example, with police officer disciplinary cases? I'd have to know more about when, how and what information is released in the UK to form an opinion.
that will finally allow me to break your powers over me
"Thank you for this," he said holding up the rose and the card. "I mean, 'wow'. (pause) Do you think maybe I could pick you up from school today and we could go talk for awhile?"
So, I've been having loads of contractions--maybe 5-6 an hour. They don't hurt, there's no pattern, they're all in my belly, and there is nothing else going on anywhere else. But I've never had this many (it's been going on for a couple of days), and it's kind of freaky. I talked to the doctor yesterday, and absent any other symptoms, she's not worried, although she did tell me to take it easy this weekend. I've been a good girl and have been sitting on my couch all morning.
two sons of Zebedee: James and John
Picture above – Re-enactment of Lotter women’s tortuous deaths during protests at law court. Shortly before he was also murdered in April 2010 - hacked to death so brutally that he was unrecognisable and his limbs were nearly severed - Ventersdorp farmer Eugene Terre’Blanche, leader of the Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB), also referred to the extreme cruelty of the Lotter women’s torture-murders in media interviews. Terre’Blanche had also led peaceful protest actions at the Odendaalsrust law courts when the suspects made their first remand appearances in April last year.
So after the mini-triumph of getting him past the Air France weigh-in at check-in (another back-story: Air France sets the limit at six kilos, or about 13 pounds, for carry-on pets. And that’s with the carrier. I lied to the agent’s face and said Milo was 13 pounds. She asked me to put him on the scale and I nonchalantly put the carrier on the scale. Either she didn’t have the heart to send him to cargo, she didn’t want to deal, or the scale was broken, but my fat cat passed! We were cleared for boarding.)
Bonnie then rushed forward a few thousand years to state that Rome was a multiracial society (oh yeah?, and look where that got them!!) and that the Romans bought battalions of Asians and Africans here, many of whom were left behind to mate with the local population. On the basis of this statement she asserted that there was no such thing as an indigenous race of Britons, and that what there is some global blend of all humanity. (Click here to watch Bonnie speak of the Romans)
3. Organic celery, .88/ea. at Sprouts (through 11/25/10)
So there you have it. Another week of other peops wearing Zo-mades! Aside from hanging out on the flickr group and seeing how the other participants are getting on, this is totally my favourite part of the Me-Made-May '12 challenge for me.
... I have lived in this condo since I was 29 years old. I haven't left it, ventured out, even open a window in years. It's where I am, where I will always be, and yet when someone says the word 'home' I don't think here.
Hellbound: Hellraiser II has a certain continuity to it. It starts out with a recap of what happened in the first film. Kristy Cotton, the female protagonist from the first film who ends up sending the Cenobytes back to hell is in a psychiatric institution. She is pretty shaken up by the events she witnessed in the first film. Problem is that nobody believes her stories about demons from another dimension; everybody thinks she has pretty much lost it. Everybody except Dr. Channard, a psychiatrist who just so happens to work in the same psychiatric insititution that Kristy is staying in. And it just so happens that Dr. Channard is an expert on The Lament Configuration! He is eagerly awaiting his chance to go to hell himself! At the same time, Kristy is set on going back to hell herself so she can rescue her father. Will Kristy ever rescue her father? Will Dr. Channard ever get to experience the dark delights that hell has to offer?
Another 'echo effect' was a Greek Chorus-thing. Used to emphasize statements made by a speaker,the other handlers/facilitators in the crowd echoed the main-handler (facilitator) while the 'children' .... listened....
The cut that I have seen come in and out of style, and seems to look good on everyone but me, is the Bob. January Jones made it quite the rage when she came donned the style in Mad Men, and everyone seemed to follow suit. Lets face it, nobody does a Bob better than Katie Holmes or Victoria Beckham. Of course if I had that kind of discipline, or lack of appetite, I’m
It’s Raining But No One’s complaining
little trouble shuffling his feet and has proven to be capable of shifting his weight well to take away cutback lanes from the pass rusher. Quick off the ball, Datko settles back into his pass set quickly displaying good technique with a few minor flaws that need to be tweaked. I would like to see him develop a better arch in his back, as he tends to play with a hunched back, which is something that he needs to correct at the next level; playing with a better arch will give him the opportunity to engage the defender at a lower angle and win the leverage battle at the point of attack. He has a habit of leaning too far forward against pass rusher to attempt to block their angle to the quarterback; while that was fine in college, I’d really like to see him work on correcting this at the next level, as the added speed in the NFL could result in him getting over-extended and giving up a sack. Andrew has a strong upper body who catches the pass rusher coming off the edge and waits patiently in his pass set for the defender to come to him.
Scientists have long known that Type A personalities and people who are chronically angry, anxious or depressed have a higher risk of heart attacks.
Beef carpaccio smothered with a warm gorgonzola cream, sage, and black pepper. So freaking good. Thanks again for the restaurant recommendation Anne-Marie, I am glad I quietly obeyed your instructions without debate for the first time in my life.
Bea
Hey everyone! Hope you all had as good a First Friday as I did!
We took a radio and headset in so she could listen to radio 4 like she does at home, but they are moving her to another hospital for surgery, so she made us take it away yesterday as she was worried it would get lost.
And we think that, in some pause of angels' song,
CONCLUSION: This was definitely one of those horror/thriller movies where you just feel bad knowing that something like this can and does happen to people in real life — which is what makes it good. No punches are pulled, other than not showing much gore; this movie goes all out, but tries to keep it psychological (by suppressing gratuitous gore). The bad guys basically play with their victims like a cat plays with its food — if a cat had a human IQ.
Actually, I have gotten pretty good at forgetting (I like to think it’s a skill, not old age creeping up on me) and have found that status querying doesn’t usually matter. I do hear back on submissions eventually. I know there is that rare occasion when something has been lost or forgotten. So, if it makes you feel better and you have waited for what feels like an excruciatingly long amount of time past the stated response time, send a short status query. But be aware that you might not hear back on that either. Policies change. All in all, no response = no. And boy, can those places with a no response policy make the wait easier, because getting a response is a great surprise!
.DAYS TWO THROUGH SEVEN…SATURDAY THROUGH THURSDAY.
And here I know not much has changed between you and I. Between times and locations. Though what we know may differ vastly. I do not lust for that which you have surpassed me in, I instead offer of what I hold and know truly, for where ever we stand now these words connect us, as this path connects us. so while I marvel at the depth of that which our gods have shown you in the time that separates us, I spread out that which is true in the present. That which I know now, that which I feel now. That which is and was.
What do you love most about summer gatherings with friends and family?
I do wonder how the male members felt about having to sing lyrics clearly written for heterosexual women.
Prediction – Orton wins. That’s about all you’re getting from me on this one.
I am truly heart broken. Just a few weeks ago I shared with you our loss of our wonderful 14 year old cat Maui. We lost him to cancer just a couple of weeks after diagnosis. It was a heartbreaking and devastating ordeal for all of us. I know that we were grieving the loss of Maui but last week we found out how much it took a toll on Indy our other cat. The day I left for Ranger U Indy passed away from sudden respiratory and kidney failure. I found out later that stress (like the loss of Maui) can trigger it and cause death. We had NO idea that anything was wrong with her. She like my husband and I were all saddened my Maui's passing and she was much more clingy in the week since he was gone but nothing signaled anything medically wrong. That morning my husband had dropped me at the airport and went to work as usual, after work he came home to spend time with her but when he called out for her she gave a cry that he knew something was wrong. He found her in distress and rushed her immediately to our vet. After 2 hours of tests, oxygen, and IVs they said there was nothing they could further do and sent him to another Dr. Tim drove as fast as he could the 20 min. drive but Indy passed in Tim's arms just moments from reaching the Dr office. Tim had them try to resesitate her but it was unsuccessful. We are beside ourselves with the loss of not 1 but both of our cats within 2 weeks. Since I was in New Jersey for Ranger U I was not there and my husband didn't at first want to tell me (I knew something was up the first day I talked to him, I could hear it in his voice). When he did tell me I went immediately to disbeleif and that is where I have stayed since. I am still waiting for her to come strutting into the room and jump on my lap, I will find myself grabbing for a can of catfood in the morning, I want to hear the jingle of her collar.
Another good reason to get out and vote Labour tomorrow.
She would have stayed longer, but she had to be back here again for 4 o’clock and her afternoon shift. It was tiring, but it was worth it. Anything to keep him happy. He hadn’t been very happy lately. Something had happened. It shouldn’t have mattered, but it did. They’d spent a few evenings making display mats for the window, nothing fancy, just small sheets of plywood covered in green felt, stuffed with tissue paper. It was her idea. They’d laughed about it. It would do for a beginning. Then on Monday that woman from the fancy Jewellers had come in for a nosey. ‘You must have had a good time making your wee mats for the window,’ she’d said. Robert had clammed up there and then. He was still in the huff. Three days; it wasn’t a record. She knew the signs. He needed time to work through things, until they were worked out. And his temper. But his late nights were back – the ashtray that morning had been full to the brim with cigarette ends. God knows what time he had come to bed. She knew he wouldn’t sleep in, though. He had an alarm on his watch. He slept with it under his pillow.
Below is a tribute to the Beastie Boys on their being inducted into the hall of fame, just before mca’s death.
where you belonged
our very thick, lush hedge.
The Career Center is hiring students to work in our office for the 2012-2013 academic year. Candidates can be work-study or hourly. Interested students should apply online through HuskyJobs – http://careers.washington.edu/HuskyJobs/Students. We would appreciate your help in making students aware of these positions.
I guess I'm damning the ending with faint praise.
“Have you ever received specific information about how the Draco-Hydra reptilians influenced/worked with those of the “dark agenda” groups (Illuminati, Masons, etc.) here on Earth?”
I have recieved comments like "... lovely using DP and those flowers..." or "...I love the DP & image you have used..." and was wondering what these ladies were refering to exactly.
Pelicans love to sit atop the light poles that run all down one side of the bridge. Every time we crossed the bridge we would play a guessing game of 'how many pelicans'.
Also as a historian the Bible is a good book on history in those times just like the iliad and the oddysey are good looks into Greek culture and lifestyle. These books are used in science because even though they still have religous content they are filled with what those people believed in, how they lived, what they did. It gives clues that people than use too further look for things so as for the bible being useless that is incorrect.
The Last Waltz (The Band, concert & interview)
I have a little history with Mary, which I'll have to tell you about in another post. Hmmm... that's two "other posts" I've found to do, and I've just started this writing every day thing. Cool!
Peel and slice the pears, add the lime juice and a tea spoon of cinnamon power and brown sugar and keep aside.
And so, they paved over the pools rather than open them up to blacks.
per serving: 140 calories, 8 g pro, 20 g carb, 3 g fiber, 3 g fat
Y – is for Yummy! I want you to have a wide palate of what you like to eat, Little Buddha, so we’re going to have to work on your choices of food. There are 4 basic food groups we’ll focus on…. Salt, grease, carbonation… and chocolate.
Victoria Connelly's new book is due out on 12th April 2012, and it's called The Runaway Actress. I think the cover looks really fun and bright, and I can't wait to read the book! Somehow I haven't managed to read any of Victoria's books yet so I hope this is the start of many!
If I was on top of things I would have told you that CoOper'S BiG ToP PaRty was featured on Catch my Party's "Party of the DaY" last week...but I'm lame and seem to be behind in everything these days, so I didn't. So this is me telling you now. And if you don't believe me you can go here to see for yourself, or don't...whatever. I do suggest (again) that if you are looking inspiration for AnY kind of party you MUST visit their site. Tons of great ideas!
Yesterday I took my girlfriend's niece, Courtney,out for a bike ride while my girlfriend and her sister were doing a Zumba class. She has just started to learn and is using stabilisers but she is making great progress. When we had a break we started to write a little poem about her riding the bike. I took the bits we wrote and all the notes and worked this poem from them.
The UK economy has now dropped to 7th in the world after being overtaken by Brazil.
Shaun Paul said the gang attacked him at about 8.30pm on Wednesday after he got separated from his pals outside his home in St John's Quadrant, Pollokshields, Glasgow. He recalled: "I turned a corner and these three Asian guys were standing just outside their car smoking. They came at me with metal poles and shouted, 'See you, you wee p***k! You're going to be the next Kriss Donald! We're going to murder you! They punched me in the face about six times and I fell to the ground before they hit me over the head with the poles and spat at me. Then they tried to drag me into their car. I'm quite a big lad for my age and I fought back with all my strength, and I struggled free and ran for my life. They got back in the car and raced off but I managed to get some of their registration number. My pals ran after the car to get the number as well. It all happened so quickly and I still can't believe it. I'd never seen these guys before so I don't know why they targeted me.
I was explaining the work to my roommate when I mentioned some of the items that I have to search clients' bags for as they aren't allowed, for instance shoe laces, aluminum cans, and aerosol containers. She looked at me quizzically and I explained they weren't allowed because:
Marriage is day to day. Some days are great, some days are a challenge. The Hubs would agree with me. Some days you wonder why you married this person in the first place or who the heck this person is. It happens. Really.
Sleep, sleep, sleep. And more sleep. What day is it? I am so off of a schedule right now that I am like a newborn. I sleep during the day and am tossing and turning all night.
Potluck style:
Classic
I know little of clothing and nothing of couture, but the upcoming awards season and the subsequent criticism of who-wore-it-best have me thinking about style. If the red carpet is a runway and an essay, an exposition, the absence of cameras and flashing lights makes style no less important and defining for written work.
Lulus Diry is a remarkable exception to the cruel rule of funnybook filler. Unlike, oh, 98.9% of all fiction-based comic book text pieces, these were always witty, sometimes surprisingly subtle, and frequently very funny.
“Marley?” Roland said, slightly annoyed. His mind unable to focus on rhyme or reason for what they’d found. Unable to handle the distraction of the discovery. Unable to consider anything else until the matter he’d been sent out to achieve for the day was out of the way. If only Marley had gone to the field with him, Angel and Mike would’ve been there, Mike had a way with people. He could’ve convinced Marley to talk with Piper. Frustrated, he tapped Marley hard on his shoulder.
Check the weather before you go. Pack for layering, use jackets with hoods instead of umbrellas, bring at least one nicer outfit every time, and extra socks and undies are never a bad idea. Beyond that, less is more. It's not like you're going to the moon. If you forget something, or find that you didn't anticipate something, chances are, you're not far from Target.
Are you like me? A bread lover? As many benefits as I've heard for going gluten-free, I'm sorry, I just can't. Bread would be one of my desert island foods. Which leads me to my favorite salad....Panzanella. It's a bread salad, super simple, packed with yummy goodness and even makes good leftovers for lunch if you like dressing soaked bread, which I do.
to create an art tag each week on a Tuesday
But life isn't all bad. I feel like I'm through the worst of it (I hope I didn't just curse myself). I can't wait for summer. I am really looking forward to warm weather, working 40 hour weeks and spending more time with Superwoman and the kidlets.
My only complaint: While my stylist was adorable and sweet and gave me an amazing blowout, he was a bit inexperienced. The blowout took longer than an hour and he made small mistakes like getting the blow dryer cord tangled, but I'm sure with time those kinks will be worked out. After all, DryBar's first official day open is tomorrow.
I was rereading some of my earlier posts, written in December as we were preparing for chemo, and I was struck by how pessimistic I was about the whole thing, by how very worried I was for all of us, certain that we were on the verge of disaster. And then I was struck again by how much better these past few months have been than we thought they would be, by the fact that we are still a happily functioning family, by the fact that my boy still races around with a smile on his face, full of energy and light and laughter.
Bottom line: While the first half of Pamela, or Virtue Rewarded is interesting as Pamela’s strong moral code is pitted against her creepy master Mr. B’s various attempts to assault her, once she falls in love with him, it becomes so problematic and awful that it’s hard to read. Avoid.
Preheat the oven to 400ºF.
A quarter wheel of Manchego cheese, and
****Then we count to three and pull them out again!
In contrast, there's an old Japanese game called renku* in which poets build a linked chain of haiku together on the spot. Apparently, in ancient times, it used to get quite rowdy---even a little PG-13 here and there, perhaps like some modern day bouts of Pictionary tend to do...
But my life train is looking very much like my photographs LOL, being a writer I find one tends to keep life at arm’s length and will even chase the most important people away by being over powering and loud.
He also holds the distinction of having slept with three booty spies (though not simultaneously, and not all while he was president).
Nothing of note happened here in the spring, but once May hit everyone got busy. Felix started the month off blazing, opening up in Doha at 50.33 (May 6) before scorching 49.81 in Rome (May 26) to end the month. Both times she set world leads, beating Amantle Montsho (BOT) in Doha, then Monstsho, Richards Ross (USA) and Mc Corory (USA) in Rome – her Rome victory demonstrating her strength in the stretch.
Tell your boss, the teachers at your school,
The discussions on self-publishing vs. traditional publishing and the changing industry are robust with good information. Just when I think “Ah ha! I have a game plan,” I read something else counseling that Game Plan B is better. Then I read another article with the advice that the sure-fire way to go is Game Plan C. And on and on it goes. Without sounding like I am whining (well maybe a little), I’d like to be adopted by someone who says, “Here honey, I’ll handle it for you.” Since being adopted is unlikely at my age, I’ll forge ahead on my own for now.
My attention was brought to this email currently doing the rounds in the transportation sector which I've decided to reproduce courtesy of Butch:
“No! Stop being so rude! I’m a NICE LADY! I’m just getting by, trying to achieve my goals like everyone else! I didn’t waltz in here wearing a pair of gold shoes and a polar bear skin, so why are you treating me like elitist scum?! Can’t I at least be a regular bitch, instead of a White one?”
“For although they knew God, they neither glorified Him as God nor gave thanks to Him, but their thinking became futile and their foolish hearts were darkened. Although they claimed to be wise, they became fools and exchanged the glory of the immortal God for images made to look like mortal man and birds and animals and reptiles. Therefore God gave them over in the sinful desires of their hearts to sexual impurity for the degrading of their bodies with one another. They exchanged the truth of God for a lie, and worshiped and served created things rather than the Creator—who is forever praised. Amen.” (Romans 1:21-25)
Actually, I have no real plan on what I want to read this week. Wish me luck with my reviews and see you Tuesday for the Mini-Challenge!
I should point out that the rather large truck filled with different varieties of hot chocolate, tea and ice cream which is heading straight for Anne's house has absolutely nothing whatsoever to do with me.
De Profundis is Oscar Wilde’s extensive letter to his lover Lord Alfred Douglas (“Bosie”) from prison, in which Wilde attempts to lift Bosie’s own veil of blindness towards his selfishness, vanity, greediness, and neglect.
Victor is made from re-purposed leather. I went to a 2nd hand store & found several different colors of fine leather suede skirts (all you could stuff in a bag for $4), cut them up, & voila! ~ Enough leather to make 4 or 5 good-sized toys with! I really love working with the leather too, as it looks sooo nice when it's finished, plus, it will last forever.
and over again
Thanks for the coverage peeps, not sure the 'Gastronomic Circlejerk' moniker will win me many fans, but hey, it's got a nice ring to it...but, then again, when have I ever cared what people thought of my blog...?
Then, just two weeks ago, my first pass pages arrived. These are photo-ready page proofs, appearing exactly as each page will appear in the book. I have published many scholarly articles, and I’ve always found reading through the page proofs to be very tedious, so I braced myself. One more proof read, I thought. A bit of a drudgery, but no putting it off. So I ripped open the package and pulled out the pages.
1. Up until today, I cubed numbers the stupid way by multiplying that number 3 times out. Today, I learned that my calculater has a cube button, and it made my day.
Poking around the fridge, she unearthed bread, country ham, cheddar cheese, mango chutney and a tin of pineapple. The perfect makings for hot, buttery toasted sandwiches.
A printable recipe card is at the end of this post.
We also had a celebration drink. She checked who was driving and because it was hubby she was well chuffed because we could both have a G&T. But boy oh boy was it a strong one!!! I wonder if that is her secret to a long and healthy life? Best get hubby to mix me a glass just in case .. .. but not so strong as yesterday!! LOL!!
The policeman held up his hand, stopping me, and motioned for me to roll my window back down. I did.
Please don’t violate my park, or yourself with this nasty habit.
he pauses a while
25 Do you have other clients for whom you undertake similar types of work
4. What’s your biggest phobia?
'It could be, but it's not. Mary is shown with a book because it is her own book, her message that she has left these for us to find. And I hope it will give us insight in to the mystery of her oldest son and his fate, because we just don't know. I'm hoping that the Magdalene will put that mystery to rest for us herself.'"
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
The success of social media such as Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, blogs, and traditional discussion groups empowers individuals to become active in local and global communities. Shneiderman believes that with modest redesign, these technologies can be harnessed to support national priorities such as healthcare/wellness, disaster response, community safety, energy sustainability, etc.
Check Ailyn's outfit details here! If you were eyeing her JCrew coat, then today's your day since JCrew is offering 30% off all outerwear + free ship.
After a lot of discussion, prayer, more discussion, tears, and more discussion, we have made the decision to move back to Nebraska. We were waiting for a bolt of lightning to strike and God's booming voice to tell us if we should stay or if we should go, but since that didn't happen we had to weigh our options and just choose. (Well, there has been a lot of lightning around here recently, but no booming voice. Just scary tornadoes.) The reasons for moving are as follows:
The most important discussion on how France has served as Africa’s angel of death devouring African economies and turning rich resource countries into pariah states could be seen from Gabon. The late Omar Bongo of Gabon who ruled his country for 41 years was considered one of the corrupt African leaders and was known worldwide to have used his country’s oil wealth to buy mansions and other properties in France and to buy political influence and favour from the French ruling class. In 2009 French police investigation uncovered a huge number of properties that were bought by Bongo and his family. In all 33 mansions and other luxurious properties were uncovered. One of the mansions a 21,528 sq ft is located at Rue de la Baume near to the Elysee Palace the home of the French presidency. According to the Sunday Times in UK, the investigation also uncovered nine other properties in Paris, four of which are on the exclusive Avenue Foch near the Arc de Triomphe. Bongo was also reported to have a further seven properties in Nice, including four villas, one of which has a swimming pool. The late Edith and wife of Omar Bongo, until her death still had two flats near the Eiffel Tower and another property in Nice.
450ml warm water
'Everyone's got something equally important to contribute.'
Other than painting, I plan on making a beautiful upholstered headboard, adding crown, painting the ceiling, adding some window treatments and painting the dresser that used to be in the Bub’s room:
Meanwhile Peter has a vision in which He runs into God saying “eat something from my menu” and all Peter sees is food that is forbidden by the Jewish dietary laws. Peter refuses.
A U.S. map of the total religious adherents by county also shows that Utah has the highest percentage of believers of any state.
To create the atmospheric feel, and the amazing shadows with the light cast of the liquid running through, each shot was taken four different ways. Once for the bottle itself, once for the black part of the shadow, then to create the light cast, and finally set up for the right effect on the white wall and floor.
These girls are the 'It-girls' from the Netherlands, so a collection from them is nice to see.
Clarissa sent us 6 skeins of yarn that we will put to use for the residents.
For this project, we used bottle caps from beer made by the Lion Brewery in Wilkes Barre, Pennsylvania. The bottle cap we used was red with a claw design. For added bonus, the inside of the cap has a puzzle. While in this project we covered the puzzle with the cuff link finding, we enjoyed figuring out the puzzles on each cap before we upcycled the bottle caps by making them into cuff links.
I declined and asked them to drive the car off the ramp.
This may sound really grim and terrible...but I was hoping Glee would have the balls to kill Quinn off to add some kind of new depth to the show. Take the show to whole different level. A message board poster stated "The show is called 'Glee' so they can't kill a character off". Which to me is stupid. They have had dark story lines on this show before. Kurt being bullied, Sue's sister dying, Kurt's dad having a heart attack; just because it's called "Glee" doesn't mean the show has to be all smiles and joy. But at any rate, I knew deep down the creators of Glee would not kill Glee. They would come back and totally cop out with the story and make it more of a passing thing.
When I was water baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of my sins I did not even know there was a trinity doctrine. We just took Peter literally when he said to do this in Acts 2:38 when they asked him what shall we do. We only had the Bible and went by that.
During the entire cycle, I focused on running more mileage overall. February I focused on hill training, and interval workouts, along with some cross training, and some tempo workouts. In March, I focused more on tempo runs and hill training, along with some cross training, and some interval workouts. In April, the hills training was tapered off, and replaced with more tempo runs, and interval workouts. This cycle, my long runs were all done at 6:00-6:20 pace, and also the LSD’s had more hills and bridges. Last year, I did 95% of my long runs around the downtown seawall, and the only hill I ran during long runs was the Burrard Street Bridge. This year I incorporated long runs in Burnaby, and East Van, as well as both the Lionsgate Bridge, and Second Narrows Bridge. This was definitely a big change from last cycle, and I believe all the hills have made me a much stronger runner.
Fires on commons are no new thing – they have long been used to remove gorse and regenerate tall/old heather, however timing is everything and it is generally accepted that for conservation reasons small controlled burns in the winter do little lasting damage to the vegetation and animals but uncontrolled burns in spring disturb birds nests, damage plants as they are just coming to life after the winter and cause harm to emerging reptiles such as snakes and lizards.
You’re gonna make it after all
As like Katz’s deli in New York City, Hobby’s has a long-standing tradition of sending Salamis overseas to servicemen. Wanna senda salami to your boy in the army? No problem. Just make sure you call Operation Salami Drop.
It felt good to paint some Templars after such a long time. It was strange, though. I kept blending and building the highlights on the blacks and it just kept looking wrong. It was only after about 12 hours that I realized it was the absence of color that was messing with me.
sydney and ben,
-Dennis Kucinich was looking at Mike Gravel going off and a big smile crossed his face. I know what he was thinking: “I’m not finishing last THIS time!”
I'll stand back, stroke my chin thoughtfully, and watch as the dress rehersal unfolds. Several will be given roles, but most will not. I'll pay for the chosen few and watch as they're packed up and labeled Casa Mariposa, ready to perform when the curtain finally goes up.
The downside of that connection is that if the product or service is not up to your expectation, then you are vastly more disappointed.
It is a delightful game, I tell you. "On tonight's news...it SUCKS out there! It is SO very sucky! It is cold! And it is raining! And...I JUST FELT SOME SLEET! So let me go stand out on an overpass somewhere in a parka, just to show you how SHITTY this weather is!"
I’ll be in the midst of running a marathon in 12 hours! Eeek!
“(Lot M) stands as an obstruction to the natural function of the ecosystem,” he said. “If you look at the map, Dundas Valley comes down and hits this grey zone and goes into Cootes, which is the gem of Hamilton — the heart … of our ecological existence here.”
Dark Horse Raspberry Ale 5.5%
On day 10, today, I should have been going to an exciting place with Bean and lovely people but I can barely hold my head up without support so I will miss the fun times. (Will you have fun times for me?)
Hideo Yamaki - Drums
You can't have soup without some sort of bread or roll, here's a link for Irish Soda Bread and my personal childhood favorite, Irish Potato Bread. Now, grandma and I would eat these for breakfast but, growing up, everyone on the farm would just soak up their soup with their leftover bread. So, it's ingrained in my head somewhere that you have to have bread with soup!
An easily fooled voter might go away not only believing that African Americans make up the majority of food stamps recipients, but are also the root cause of the federal waste bankrupting the nation and decaying its moral fiber.
PROS: Nice, bright light, really gives you accurate representation of color so you never look weird
He is not all He says He is.
www.craftingflamingo.blogspot.com
the CIA and is purposefully losing the
Today is one of those days. What I’m feeling is not self-pity, although it might well be sheer exhaustion. My personal world at home is solid, and my professional world gets steadily better fiscally (for the most part; there certainly are exceptions). I can summon the edge when I need it. In spite of it all, uncertainty is gnawing at me. You wouldn’t know it from reading this blog, because apparently I’ve gotten very functional at being dysfunctional.
I may have tuned out during the running commentary, but this huge mosque called Yeni Cami caught my eye, on getting off and standing right outside the spice bazaar...The mosque is just next to the Spice Bazaar, which is housed in an old building, I would definitely have thought twice about entering! See the small structure to the right of the mosque!
Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine; no more can ye, except ye abide in me.
well, i guess i better wrap up this post before 2011 gets here. then i can be free to shower and get ready for visiting my friend and her fiancé with my husband... for dinner and games and general all-around holiday cheer! don't you worry... i'll be drinking sparkling grape juice only... wrapping up the year with friends and a toast to the miraculous year it has been and to all that we have to look forward to in the new year!
The first of these Frequently Asked Questions that I want to address is ‘Can you do this trick?’. When skating was at its hottest, this was the most asked question by far; since all the little grommets knew what the tricks were called but couldn’t do them themselves.
Never part of the solution.
You belong to this world. This world needs you.
It doesn't matter that you have no facts and no data, you just concoct a bunch of bald assertions add them to some unrelated baloney, and the idiot press, desperate for clicks, prints it.
Stamps: Multi Step Iris, Whole Family (KSS)
VO: It's totally nostalgic of my youth when my family would go to Coney and spend the day.. and now it represents the kick-off of summer participating in the Mermaid Parade with the Dinettes. All around Coney = fun!
This week was terrible-highs in the upper 80's and high humidity. We didn't get diddly done outside all week. This was especially hard on the plants as it was also sunny EVERY DAY!
I've noticed a lot of monthly goals going on in the blogosphere and, what can I say? I'm inspired! Blogging what you want to do is such a great way to hold yourself accountable, so I figured, why not? There's a lot I can work and since January was a miserable fail, this is a good idea.
This post is just aimed at knitters. Sorry to everyone else.
What do you think? Anything I need to add to the list?
House Passes ‘Worldwide War Bill’! Obama’s Promise to Veto ‘Worldwide War’ Bill Rings Hollow! Bob Chapman: Bank Holidays, Greece Defaults, Global Economic Collapse …”They Want To Shove World Government Down Our Throats!” Bob Chapman: Mexico Will Back The Peso With Silver Soon! Bix Weir: The End of The Unbacked Fiat Currency System! Gold And Silver Will Rocket Higher! “The Hammer is Falling Now!” Mike Adams & Aaron Dykes: TSA is Turning The Whole System on It’s Head ! Marc Faber: Prepare For Another War!
By "real Doctor Who", I guess you're referring to the pre-revival era? Personally, I don't think of that as any more real than the current incarnation. The Who I grew up with was Tom Baker and I also had a great fondness for Peter Davidson. My favourite Doctor of all time may well be Matt Smith though...
You are safe from harm
One problem with our human government regulating rodent reproductive habitats is that rodents don't follow human rules. For one thing, they practice a rodent version of polygamy, as one researcher explains,
It’s actually nice to have that kind of unsought, outside validation once in a while. As if some complete stranger has said, “Yes. I like what you’re doing here.” Serendipitous, definitely.
The characters were also vividly portrayed. Callie is a tough, strong girl who would do anything to help her brother. Even after she finds out her Ender is planning to murder someone, she tries to prevent it at every turn and figure out what is really going on. I enjoyed seeing this world through her eyes. Her intelligence and ability to think on her feet made the novel enjoyable to read and kept me guessing what would happen next. The villain, the Old Man, is frightening and mysterious. He isn't seen in the novel much, but he effects many more things than you would think. I can't wait to see what he will do in the next book.
Wine suggestions:
The irony is that Karl Marx is buried in Highgate Cemetery and not in government-owned Nunhead Cemetery. He’d be comfortable resting in Nunhead Cemetery – seeing government at work – repairing what doesn’t need repair and burying a treasure alive.
Intimacy and constancy are, for me anyway, more precious than ever.
The climb up was like a slanted berlin wall; which I probably where I injured the side of my right foot having to use it on the way up! After the second step the third was too large to humanly do by yourself, so I had to have assistance and get a hand from someone on top!
Hi Everyone! Back again for our last Introductory post for this release.. stop in tomorrow to find out who our Guest Designer is for this release!
With everything that has been going on in mine and Chris' life lately,
Hope everyone had a fantastic weekend!
The symptoms of stage 1 denial include but are not limited to:
The guy has an unbelievable sense of self and humor and an insane like quality of writing.
But all this doing takes time and energy, to the point where it doesn’t leave you a lot of time to breathe, to ponder, to consider, even to dream. When you spend all your time doing, a big part of the puzzle you need for a successful life is missing – the part where you take the time to think about who you are and what matters to you before moving forward. The part where you take a moment to re-center yourself and make sure you’re on track. The part where you take a moment to change course when you need to, instead of barreling full steam ahead into what might be a disaster zone.
school I was on the last part of my cool down
Stanislaw said that Winters, 33, and Herbstreit, 38, first met in 2002 following a September 14 GameDay appearance in Columbus for a matchup between eventual national champion Ohio State and eleventh ranked Washington State.
I will have all the products listed below, as well as a link to a detailed YouTube video tutorial too... but first some pics!
If having your laptop’s battery swell up to the point where your trackpad and keyboard become unusable was a problem universal to all laptops – then presumably a Google search on the phrase “swollen laptop battery” would bring up all sorts of brand names….
let a good friendship die,
So what are you waiting for - off you go and rejuvenate that project!!! I have a few special ones up my sleeve to share with you soon :)
This is how my fridge looks right after grocery shopping. I live with a pescatarian, but I mostly deal with the occasional cheese or carton of eggs. I always put paper bags in the crispers to lessen the humidity. It works super well. My condiment shelves are usually hella organized (mustards together, jam and nut butters, pickled things), but I gave up on that because Era never puts them back correctly.
And I will try to fix you
blog commenter will be chosen by random draw to win a $10 TE Gift Certificate. Winners will be chosen from a different Baker's Dozen blog each day and will be announced on Taylor's blog on Release Day! Be sure to hop around to see all the sneak peeks and leave comments on each and every blog for more chances to win. Limit one comment per blog per day, please. Comments for the
Jennifer's contact info is here:
3:29 pm. Oh dear, this blog post has devolved into a series of Clara Parks quotes. Which by itself is totally awesome, but not what I set out to do at all. She’s so inspiring and so goofy. I guess I’ve learned that other knitters thrive on goofiness. Good lesson.
Add the beaten egg and vanilla extract followed by the wet ingredients.
Bulgaria international Delev, who scored in every round, netted from close range from Brazilian midfielder Marquinhos’s precise pass six minutes before the break.
The NIDCR and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in 2006, released the first report in over a decade on the status of the Nation’s oral health. These new data, based on a survey representing more than 256 million Americans, show that while the oral health of our Nation continues to improve, there is much work to be done. Improvements included up to 10 percentage points reduction in tooth decay among persons six years of age and older, a 13 percentage point increase in dental sealants among children and adolescents, and a six percentage point reduction in total tooth loss among older Americans(CDC, 2005). As rewarding as these results are, many public health challenges await. Tooth decay among pre-school children increased, and unacceptable oral health disparities still remain for too many Americans, especially underserved populations, such as Native Americans living on reservations. Through continued integration, and ultimately, translation of the most promising research findings into widely available new treatments, it stands to reason that future reports will reflect continued gains in our Nation’s oral health (NIDCR,2007)
The above image is a photo of the Ring Nebula, a planetary nebula which demonstrates what will happen to our own Sun in roughly 7 billion years. The tiny dot at the very center is the white dwarf.
Over to You
New year - New season for us at the 'Arena Theatre' in Wolverhampton. What an exciting season we have coming up for you. Not only do we have the classics such as - 'The Trial'. The new up and coming shows such as - 'Gleaked Up.' The local Theatre companies such as - 'Foursight Theatre' and 'Impulse Productions' but we also have THE Mr Steven Berkoff coming to perform for us. This is a pretty big thing for Wolverhampton and the University. But, for the Theatre it really is something else.
Really!! But, I wanted to ask briefly: You mention how you put up a few ads on your site...How does that work? Do YOU select the companies OR do they approach you to ask permission? How would you know what to charge them? Melech
Steed Lord
By the waters of Leman I sat down and wept . . .
Traditionally, the Birthday was celebrated in the country. The first tournament of beachfront volleyball amoung Inreco LAN employees took place during celebration. The winner was awarded by cup of Inreco LAN.
The advertiser sought by means of reiteration and emphasis directed upon the individual, to break down or penetrate sales resistance. Although the appeal was aimed at fifty million persons, it was aimed at each as an individual. The new salesmanship has found it possible, by dealing with men in the mass through their group formations, to set up psychological and emotional currents which will work for him. Instead of assaulting sales resistance by direct attack, he is interested in removing sales resistance. He creates circumstances which will swing emotional currents so as to make for purchaser demand. If, for instance, I want to sell pianos, it is not sufficient to blanket the country with a direct appeal, such as:
Automakers, including General Motors Co and Ford Motor Co, said they are monitoring the situation, but no production has been cut so far. Neither of the top two U.S. automakers forecast whether production would have to be cut just as the U.S. spring selling season hits high gear.
Three thousand years ago, Loki, the Norse God of Mischief, created a game called The Social Experiment in which two mortals are selected to partake in a firsthand historical game of "What if?" One is instructed to preserve history; the other, to change it. The game's intent, however, is not to affect history or alter the future; though history can be shifted and the future can be changed, The Social Experiment was devised to provide the gods with greater insight into the human condition.
We had an amazing Christmas. We celebrated with all our family and the kids had a blast. We could definitely feel the missing piece though. I can not wait to have Caleb home and celebrating with us. We were able to get a package out to him in time for him to receive it for Christmas and today we got pictures!!!!
When you put all this together, it is a pretty convincing argument to completely forgo or severely limit ANY off-product eating during the meal-replacement phase of Optifast, in my opinion! People considering Optifast should think hard about whether they will be able to limit their food intake to just the products for an extensive time. On the other hand, I have to say it was easier than I thought it would be, to be on the program with these strict food restrictions. And I am certainly glad I was brave enough to sign up, pay for, and commit to the Kaiser Optifast program, as I’m very happy with the results!
Price: 17.70$ (can)
1. Harmatia
I will be posting more about what is happening behind the scenes over the next weeks and months leading to a war. If I stop posting, I have been disappeared or killed.
Sauber introduced a number of developments Late in the Jerez test.
You want to buy them in the pod (as soybeans), then steam them with a little salt and pepper and let them cool. Then if you need to snack on something while watching television, simply focus on getting the beans out of the pod. I'm not even going to go into the nutritional value (it's ridiculously high, google it) and 1.5 cups of shelled edamame beans come to about 330 calories.
For those that were brazen enough to act up in front of startlingly high quality CCTV, they will be found, dragged in front of the beak and the blame will be laid squarely at their feet. To those on the right, this is only right. To those on the left, this is kind of sort of right but shouldn't we look at the whys and the wherefores of what led this poor child to do such a thing before condemning them?
Let me introduce myself…
‘I approve,’ he said to Petro, without taking his eyes off the girl, ‘you have good taste.’ David had a very similar look to Petro: the same brown hair, a similar bulky and rounded nose; his eyes, however, revealed a unique hazel streak. His shoulders were broader and his chest bulkier, making his voice deeper.
In the first talk, Leslie John of Harvard University bravely discussed the prevalence of questionable data analysis practices in our field. The short answer: People engage in many data collection and analysis strategies that bias hypothesis testing and contribute to the publishing of null findings.
Even though it is not as commonplace as before, you should think about selling your house in an auction, particularly if it is a slow market. This way, you do not have to worry about paying money to a real estate agent. You could also sell your home much quicker.
(The hypothesis is a 1% method-failure unexpected pregnancy rate. I think that sounds ballpark to me, wouldn’t be surprised if study confirmed that.)
A super big thank-you to David who woke up (after only 3 hours of sleep) to walk with me to the park in the wee hours of the morning to take some photos before work (our tripod is broken). Isn't that sweet? It's nearly impossible to get daytime photos now that the sun sets at 4:30pm! sigh.
Anyway I'm currently reading a book about dog food. Quality dog food. what is good what is bad, some stuff I already know other stuff I'm still earning about. I know that I don't want to feed Scout crap so I can't help but thinking what I'm eating is crap.
Volpi A, Pica F, Cauletti M, Pana A, Rocchi G. Cytomegalovirus infection in day care centers in Rome, Italy: viral excretion in children and occupational risk among workers. J Med Virol 1988; 26:119-25.
Product giveaway is for pick-up only at one of Edible Arrangements’ continental US locations. Order can only be placed by calling the national call center at 877-363-7848. Not valid at international stores or on shipped products. Order must be redeemed or picked up between between 4/30/12 and 5/7/12. Not valid with any other offer, coupon or promotion and cannot by applied to past orders.
JJ to Intern: “What about The Jeffersons, do you remember that?”
Secure Border Initiative to undergo overhaul
“Put your sword away! Shall I not drink the cup the Father has given me?” John 18:11
100. Honky Tonkin -- Hank Williams Sr.
04. Only Love Can Break Your Heart
This change of moderation will be a forever change for the rest of my life, there’s no going back to old habits or addictions, there’s only healthy moderate living from here on out. I have 3 babies to raise, I’m a Mom and I take that responsibility on a personal level to be here as long as I can for them. Unlike the woman whose Coke-cola addiction & her unhealthy habits took her to her grave at 30, her 8 children will never grow up to know their Mommy.
Uganda as folks fight to put an end to Joseph Kony.
The modern savage isn’t the brightest animal….an A+ student of communication I ….am not. …I admit it…I need you’re help. Bad boys don’t train well…knowing that its not always about me is a good start. But bein a good lover comes from understanding …..YOU. That you want comfort……. to feel safe and secure, to be cherished AND ravaged by someone in charge and in control.
Sometimes an old travel journal is as good as any other book on the shelf. Its inevitable that memories will get lost along the way and I’m very thankful to have my journals to remind me of all the wonderful experiences that have enriched my life. While reorganizing my bookshelf this week, I came across a journal I kept during my first trip to Europe. Waaaay back in 2003, I took a whirlwind tour of London, Paris, Florence, and Rome, which I documented in full detail.
After a couple of false starts (or false endings I suppose) I'm back in the real world. On Thursday I pressed 'send' on the manuscript of my new book, and this weekend my editor becomes the third person in the world to read it (after me and the Beer Widow). From here it's full steam ahead with edits (hopefully not too many) cover designs, bound proofs out to reviewers and so on, leading up to the launch later this year.
I am madly in love, (more than ever) with the man I married two years back!!
Saturday 25 February 2012
Ahoy, ye shipmates!
As soon as we figured out when Jeff would once again be eligible for paid vacation, we began planning for a honeymoon abroad which would be funded — in part — by a grandparent’s generous gift. We chose Hungary and Croatia because some of our ancestors hail from these parts. Our trip to Central Europe is, in many ways, an homage to them, even though they’ve long since passed.
1-2, 6-4 Higashisapporo, Shiroishi-ku, Sapporo 003-0006 Japan
I had a rough year? By my standards I did, yes. But I wasn’t sold into slave labor. I didn’t watch one of my friends get killed by a pimp. I don’t work all day for a crust of bread, a cup of tea and a beating at the end of it all.
Hello? Remember me? I'm the one with all of the boys? No? Maybe that's because it's been awhile... one month and three days to be precise... since I've blogged. That's a long time in blog land, and while not a first, I can't remember the last time I've been that far behind. There is no catching up. Because, frankly, it's all a blur. I can catch up from the end of school until now, however, and try to be a teensy bit more consistent in writing. That should be easy peasy with everyone home all day, every day, right? Let me live in my delusion. I'll come to soon enough.
Working for ZeroDivide, a San Francisco-based nonprofit organization with a history of helping low income, minority, and other underserved communities leverage technology for social good, I think there’s a big piece missing from the studies about the digital divide.
A very good friend of mine met me online after a long time. She was kept in the loop about my story getting published in Chicken Soup for the Soul, about my struggle with swimming, about a website I had made, about the petty significant things in my life.
1. Eliminate the provincial income tax, lowering it to zero in thirds over three years.
Freedom to be who you are, to figure out who you are, your likes, dislikes, strengths, weaknesses, interests, style, hobbies etc. without being forced to conform.
Why did I care? Why couldn’t I just say I wasn’t going to be there and if the group failed to gather, or if they gathered clumsily, or if someone rose to the occasion and new heights in small group discussions were reached— any of these things would be fine, and of little consequence in the grand scheme of things. But for me it was a personal matter between me and God. I consider one of my jobs as a Christian to be aware of my spiritual gifts, the ones that have been given to me for the enhancing of His kingdom. Leadership is one of those gifts. If God called me to Taize and I ended up in charge of this little group— however straggly we might appear— then it was not for me to withdraw. But boy did I want to. All through lunch I wavered, still holding out for the possibility that someone else would step up, that I would be free. And then I thought of Michael, chained to his wheelchair, and the possibility that he would make the trek up to our gathering spot and there would be no group to greet him. Maybe even more than God, I could not bring myself to disappoint him.
And he pulled her on behind and down to Boxhill they did ride
The first time I read it, I was unfazed. Although I don’t want to go into specifics, I will say that I currently work in higher education. For some time I’ve felt rather lucky in my belief that that area was safe from this whole economic crisis. Historically when the economy went down, people went back to school. It was a win for my profession!
My big confession for the day is I was not part of any of the May Day demonstrations, nor did I show much solidarity with the movement. While many other Occupiers went on strike, I went to my job–which is to try and find full time work. While I solidly a member of the 99%, I am also a part of the 8.9% of that 99%–the percentage of Americans nationwide who are unemployed. I’ve been underemployed for almost three years, been on unemployment for more than a year and am still looking for a paying full-time job–which is a full-time job in itself. This is a struggle that while I know I’m not alone in, I am still isolated by it. I’m tired of having to answer the question “why are you having trouble finding work when you have two degrees?” with the phrase “I don’t know.” Part of me wants to tell them to ask the over 1,000 companies that decided to go with someone that was a closer fit for them, because I haven’t got a clue. It’s hard enough to continually answer “why do you want to work here” without feeling desperate. While I know I have friends and a community to help me out, I know I am in this by myself for the most part.
I rubbed a spoon on the back of the flower to curl it a bit, for more of a dimensional effect. I added a single pink rhinestone in the middle, and kept the ribbon simple too.
Gal 5:22-23 – Experiencing God involve His Emotions.
I went into the desert, and while there
Need more help or have questions? Email me at BeachBodyCoachLindsey@gmail.com or make me your coach: www.beachbodycoach.com/coachlindsey01
Specific issues within the Bible that are addressed include the ethics of slavery, whether the idea of hell is moral, how do we understand Israel’s conquests in the book of Joshua, does Christianity suppress human sexuality and why should one believe in Jesus over the flying spaghetti monster? All of these issues and more are dealt with clarity and honesty.
So, I am leaving theology to others and hoping I contribute to something that uplifts souls and eases pain, even though I don't see how I could. Playing puts me in another world, even when I don't like music, so maybe there the rules work in ways beyond my reckoning.
Oh and look at that lovely pink brooch! You can see the colour better here....Perfect pink for me and if you want one too, Julie makes lots of different colours so pop on over and say hello!
10. Is the cost of living higher or lower than the last country you lived in and how has that made a difference in your life?
So, this morning I stepped towards my revolutionary vow to myself and got ready and got the bus to a ‘Sew Fantastic’ club which I wanted to start as to learn to make clothes and mend things. I am however, embarrassed to reveal that after rushing to get ready and hoping on the first bus and finding my way to the community centre under four pink blossom trees… I wandered inside to find no reception… I spied the class and stood…and spied…and didn’t like the look of it. I stood spying for about 10 minutes, then left. When I got back home I shouted at myself for a while (Hurrah!). I got out the computer (which I avoid going on but as you can see my blog activity has increased as I’m forced to go on the computer to do ‘work’) (I hate technology and the thought of living life through a computer screen, I do not have facebook). Then I tried to ring fraud, about a fraud of my debit card, I waited on the phone for about seven minutes. To be passed on twice. Alas, nothing has come of it, and I have been robbed and it’s in black and white and nobody will help!
As far as I can understand, the camel would have been a strictly unclean animal – that it chewed the cud didn’t matter, and was trumped by its lack of a cloven hoof. However, I also suspect there might be a good deal of merit to Theophylact’s understanding of cleanliness, for if John wore something outright unclean (e.g. a bacon shirt) then what Jew would ever come to him for baptism?
You'll receive five bonus entries if you relate the item to artwork!
This morning I was awake pretty early, free breakfast in the hostel for the first time since D.C. I couldn’t miss out! Once I’d enjoyed some fruit, cereal and a coffee (I know right, not like me.) The weather outside, as I had discussed with another traveller from the U.K was reminiscent of home; grey skies and pouring rain. This wasn’t going to stop me today. I got on the subway and made my way to Downtown Manhattan, spotting a Patrick Bateman lookalike on the way; cool slicked back hair, sunglasses indoors, blue collared shirt, red tie. Fortunately he didn’t kill me in the face with an axe and I got off around Union Square.
You sure do make life interesting, and though it is exhausting, I love it! You are much more of a "busy baby" than your brother was, so it is safe to say that you keep me on my toes!! Just in the last month you have really started crawling fast all over the place and cruising on the furniture to get where you want to go. You have also learned how to crawl up the stairs. Talk about scary!! We were having our A/C serviced for spring/summer and you noticed the technicians walking up and down the stairs. I saw you get that look in your eye and out of nowhere you scrambled over to the stairs. Luckily I had my camera close by! :)
- Gary, Glad to be free from the UK, 10/3/2012 20:19
Pass your favorite beauty tips on to your daughters and granddaughters. But keep the details of your wonderful-looking skin a mystery to your husband. If he asks what you do to your cute little face, just say you like oatmeal.
When bonds that tie two people together are strong, you become an unwilling passenger on that gut wrenching train ride. Sometimes you secretly even hope it wrecks so that you can relax your white knuckled grip on anything you can hold on to. Anything to give you some peace and just make it stop.
Miraculously, we had the energy to play charades until the wee hours of the night. Did I say play charades? I meant, the girls team beat the boys team to a pulp with our impressive miming skills.
So, if we ever attempt to take her to another movie before she’s thirty, I will do the following:
However, The Clock is much more subtle in the way it brings about this realisation than most memento mori. There is not much focus on death and ways of dying, which might have been easy enough given cinema’s all to comfortable relationship with gore and violence. Instead, Marclay shows the human species struggling with mortality, as for example, when he quotes the wonderful scene from Hook, where Peter Pan tries to make time stand still by smashing a room full of clocks. He points to our inventive attempts at escaping the prison of time through his use of George Pal and David Duncan’s 1960s adaptation of H.G. Wells’ Time Machine. And in a great scene from a film I don’t know, he shows our children contemplating the future’s view of the past as a teacher introduces them to the idea of a time capsule.
Anyway, today, she didn’t have an accident. She asked to go to the playground as we were driving home. I had gone to pick her up as Stu was working late, so it was just me and the two girls. We had promised her a trip to the playground as a reward for not having an accident. So I took her to the smaller playground, the one with slides. She promised to listen and be good.
The Federal Reserve Board owners lost this lawsuit, and they were told to hand over the gold… starting on September 12, 2001.
Emmett's middle name was much easier. I feel pretty strongly that middle names should be used to honor someone in the family (at least for us - of course not everyone has to do this!). You hardly ever use a middle name, and it means so much to have a child namesake. Why not use this as a time to show our family how much we love them? We tossed around the idea of using "Michael" but Mike felt that it was a bit narcissistic, and felt pretty strongly about using my Dad's first name, Jeffrey, as a middle name for a boy. One day he was like "Your Dad is a really good man. He loves his family and would do anything for any one of us. I really think we should use his name for a middle name." Once I knew how strongly Mike felt, that pretty much sealed the deal on the boy middle name.
People in British Columbia are questioning the risk we are being asked to take with our environment and wilderness where this pipeline will snake over and around lakes and rivers and salmon spawning streams.
BMI Regional operates a fleet of 18 Embraer jets, each with a seating capacity of between 40 and 50, and caters mostly to the business market. Rival Loganair also operates 18 aircraft but with a smaller capacity.
This one has been done for almost two weeks, but I was waiting for the big reveal. So, we gave a retiring teacher a quilt that I made for her last night... the one I have been blogging about for a while that has all the names of the children from her classes back to 1997 on it. I started working on it back in January and posted first about it here and then here and then again here. We had a little stressful moment earlier in the week when she told the PTA president that she couldn't come to the meeting to present a student with an award (our ruse to get her to come) because she had plans with a close friend who was coming into town! AHHHH! Her husband swooped in and saved the day; contacted the friend who subsequently fibbed to the teacher about a change of plans and he and the friend and the teacher's daughter all surprised her at the meeting just as we also surprised her with the quilt. I boohoo'ed through the whole little 3 minute speech - it was really quite horrifying. But its over and she loves it and no one minded the tears because they were choked up too. So here it is all FINISHED! It is called "The Ripple Effect".
Guess what? It's working.
“Oh, sir!” she exclaimed, “I beg your pardon, but this telegram has just come,” and she thrust it into his hand.
Upton has been charged with one count of unlawful use of a weapon by a felon, one count of misdemeanor possession of ammunition and one count of misdemeanor theft of lost or mislaid property.
I’m not bass player. I’m a guitar player. “Two very different things”, to quote a small, furry, fictional, insurance-peddling meerkat. However, I play bass well enough to get by in recording my own demos and such. I don’t spend much on bass guitars because I see them as utilitarian tools. I have “good enough” bass guitars. They do the job.
Final Gravity: 1.021
The DuClaw Brewing empire is getting aboard the beer-breakfast/brunch bandwagon with its first Beer Brunch, a six-course, $45 extravaganza on Sunday, Dec. 19th at 9 a.m.at their Arundel Mills location:
This bathroom - and most blue and white combos - is a great example of clear and clear. The white is a definite white. The navy offers a nice contrast. How could you not feel clean after spending some time in a room like this? I don't even mind (that much) that the shower tile is basically an accent wall. Though I think I would have liked navy on top of the beadboard. I think.
Do you create your world and its rules before you start writing or do you start with a base, but let the plot dictate the rules?
Til next time.
While I’ve had my horn stuck into the copyedit of my author’s new series (wrestling with queries such as whether “sword” should have a capital letter if it is a magic sword, and dodgy spellings of the Celtic name Arianrhod), it turns out she has been moonlighting on another blog!
“A bit,” she said as she wiped away some more blood from her client.
Then when you didn’t get out right away, I had the meltdown because of the realization that you might be in there awhile. And it was probably a bit of meltdown left over from the initial shock of you being in there in the first place.
I had a horrible headache today. It felt like twin chisels being pounded into my temples. I mentioned this on Twitter and a helpful tweep suggested that Magnesium is a natural muscle relaxer and works great for headaches.
The temptation to be as lazy as american tv producers and just do a clip show is there…. but in reality if anyone was that interested they could just go check the previous 299 posts themselves….
The Jerusalem Tavern therefore feels like the perfect setting for tasting St Peter's Old Style Porter. It pours dark brown with a red glare, crowned by a beige creamy foam. Releasing a lot of chocolate aroma with hints of vanilla, the beer can boast of good roasted flavours, bitter chocolate and a dry, bitter finish.
Shields ($10 and up) - shields are available, especially the wooden sort.
In a circular issued to the NUS community today, NUS Provost stated that Sun Xu will be ‘reprimanded’ and fined $3,000 for posting offensive remarks about Singaporeans online. He will also have to serve three months of community service after which he will be allowed to graduate.
Inglourious Basterds sees Tarantino finally giving free rein to his adoration of Morricone, at which he had previously only hinted; here, four epic tracks receive glowing treatment within the film, each used to bolster a defining sequence. The rest of the instrumental pieces harken back to the Spaghetti Westerns and grindhouse features that have informed all of his films to date, anachronism be damned. Of the five tracks to feature vocals, three of them are period-appropriate pieces sung in French or German. The two exceptions are Billy Preston’s “Slaughter”, used as a sly instrumental cue for the character of Sgt. Hugo Stiglitz, and David Bowie’s high camp “Putting Out the Fire”, used to accompany Shoshanna’s preparation for the inferno at the Nazi premiere. Tarantino’s exhumation of the latter two tracks--the themes to Jack Starrett’s blaxpoitation revenge flick of the same name and Paul Schrader’s regrettable remake of Cat People, respectively--provides a jarring counterpoint to the bucolic feel of the rest of the score, as if to assure the audience that the director of Death Proof hasn’t strayed too far from his base.
Have I mentioned before that I’m excited? I couldn’t fall asleep last night again because of the butterflies. Had a really nice chat with my mom yesterday morning and that just got me all the more excited about the wonton. I am picturing long lazy days by the pool with my sisters, their babies, their husbands, my parents, my grandparents, and my brother. A little wine, a little food, random jokes about nonsense, and so on.
HOW TO PLAY: Ring in the new year with “Father Time” or “Baby New Year” – this challenge is a fight between new and old! To be in the running, simply use a card that showcases an image of time or one that showcases little baby new year i.e. a baby card. Either will get you in the running! After you're done making your creation, just link it up on THIS post over on the Flourishes Blog. You have until January 13th at 5PM to get in the running! Use Flourishes stamps if you have them, but if you don't, play along anyway -- you could win some! The winner will recieve all three sets that are a part of Flourishes January release!!
This new mural is located at the corner of Powell and Gore Streets, in the area that was Japantown, adjacent to Chinatown. The mural includes a watery image of herring, cedar tree fronds, other sea life and a totem pole.
Hermès again appealed to the board, saying its Chinese name enjoyed a high reputation around the world and demanding the board cancel the disputed trademark. However, Hermès' application was rejected for a second time May 2011.
No change,
Another highlight was seeing the house of a student of Basho, the famous haiku poet. As we stood outside the gate of the small, thatched house, I again sensed history and timelessness. I was able to feel that permanence of place and time is possible and to accentuate all that, or so it seemed, was the sound of a cawing crow.
You notice that most of these rules are about waiting? Hmmmm… anyway, this one is another one that I can kind of get. I do think that people jump into relationships too fast sometimes. Y’all are all of a sudden cooking and cleaning for each other and you never went on a date before? un uh. BUT the thing is, you shouldn’t have to slow down your relationship to meet some strange benchmark. Plus, I mean… I move slowly and even I think 3 months might be a lot lol.
No Me Platiques
Bow Easy
Zoya Reece, Zoya Adina, Zoya Nidhi, Zoya Yasmeen and Zoya Mimi.
Hanke W, Romitti P, Fuortes L, Sobala W, Mikulski M. The use of pesticides in Polish rural population and its effect on birth weight. Int Arch Occup Environ Health 2003; 76: 614-620.
I drew up my own design and took it to the artist who did an AMAZING job on it. I wish I knew where he was now so he could complete another one for me in the future. I won’t post a photo of the work because I do not want another person to copy it. I just feel like if anyone else took it to make it their own, it would lose all meaning, like a rose tattoo.
And also, why does Joseph Gordon-Levitt get so much trailer time if he is just playing some random police officer; surely he has a bigger role to play, whether it be his relationship with Wayne/Batman or possibly even in the future of Batman.
And yet April is also the season for retreats, and book sales, and Easter and fundraisers. It is the season when we are thinking of finishing up our school year, and what we need to do to round out our academics.
We’re working on building our school’s food and gardening library as a resource for kids and teachers. There are tons of great books out there—picture books and nonfiction (see some of my book suggestions here). But one book that is a must-have is Kids in the Garden: Growing Plants for Food and Fun.
6.How far did you park from here?
White chrysanthemums, traditionally associated with death in Chinese community, were also distributed among the crowd at the rally that lasted more than two hours.
Dave looks up at me and pushes his mad curls from out of his eyes.
Some families hire a driver who is on call whenever the family needs him. This isn't really an affordable option for our family, but I know families who do have personal drivers.
The little macaroons were a joy to make and absolutely lovely. Great with morning coffee and afternoon tea. I always give our neighbour Mme André some of my baking. It amuses both of us and she’s always most appreciative. It’s also my way of thanking her for all the little gifts of flowers, fruit and vegetables that she leaves on our doorstep every visit. She thought “les macarons” were beautiful and delicious.
Row 8: Knit row.
Of the 500 or so species of stingless bees in the tropical world Melipona beecheii is unique in that it was routinely propagated. Mayan bee keepers divided existing hives in order to increase the number of hives and honey production. "That technology is all but lost, but we'd like to see it turned around, not only to ensure the survival of meliponiculture as a way of life, but also to build up breeding stock to be re-introduced into the wild where bees play an important role as pollinators," Roubik explains.
CSL, Bergman working toward Cavendish link: Housefather
Eric Donaldson - Freedom Street
4.) Peel and coarsely chop the carrots, adding them to the pot as you go. Coarsely chop the celery, add to the pot. Add the garlic and ginger to the pot. Continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until the celery is crisp-tender (~ 2 minutes).
and once a bowl of apples stopped me dead. I miss most,
What was all that talk about an arrest warrant accusing Gaddafi of crimes against humanity? I mean really, if the man was hiding in Libya somewhere surely they could have simply sent in an undercover agent or two, shot him with a tranquilizer, and dragged his sorry butt off to the International Criminal Court, could they not? Surely Libya was not such a dangerous place for these trained 007-style agents? Or have I perhaps been watching too many James Bond movies?
To bring her to life I used my Copics in the following shades:-
I hope you like the seasonal background on my blog, I've kept a vintage feel to it with out going over the top.
I think it can help enormously if children read about other people who experience similar problems to themselves. I so much wish that some of the issue-based books available today had been around when I was young. If any of my writing were to help a child to realise they are not alone and to cope a bit better, I’d be delighted. But I think it's very important that these things are handled with a light touch and, where appropriate, with humour. Children always know if they are being lectured to, and will soon close the book.
I put flower soft in the sweetie´s basket and mostly used different shades of blue on my card. The flourish/flowers in the upper left are cut using my Cricut but somehow the details aren´t clear. The cut shows 1 large and 2 small flowers - that would have been my 3 flowers from the recipe. But since it can´t be seen clearly I decided to add 3 rose buds as well. The papers are by DCWV and My Minds Eye, instead of the ribbon I used some lace.
“No,” he repeated. “We’re here for another few hours. We do nothing that could draw attention. That includes having lights, flickering or otherwise, shining through the window of an apartment that’s supposed to have no power.”
Automobiles were the single most significant consumer product of the 1920s…As Thrift for Women (1930) demonstrates through stories told by individual farm women, the increased mobility of the population even contributed to greater prosperity in rural areas, as motorists stopped to purchase farm products from roadside stands and eat in farm houses where the farmer’s wife brought in extra income by selling produce to or cooking meals for strangers…Automobiles brought the consumer society to the country in other ways too. Would-be rural consumers were able to get to centers of consumption, as chain stores relocated to suburban areas outside of cities and movie theatres took up residence in farm country. A beguiling advertisement for Paramount Pictures in the February 1926 edition of Country Gentleman encapsulates the situation: “Today nobody with young ideas stays home when a few miles by the speedometer takes you to the motion picture theatre. . . . The farmer of years gone by might have been content to wear himself and his family out with all work and no play, but 1926 is a different story. . . . The motor car is a chapter in that story, and good roads leading to better theatres showing Paramount Pictures are another. . . . There all the members of the family may sit together under the same spell of enchantment, refreshed by the wholesome flood of make-believe. . . .” (p. 1) The ad’s emphasis on the family-togetherness of the event reinforces that this is a “wholesome” use of leisure time.
I had another little bag of a few more of my favorite things to give out to 1 lucky friend.
Never forget that we’re on the internet and that our posts are all linked documents. Therefore, use links. Almost everything is on Wikipedia and Google, so instead of boring your reader with an exposition on what Hafnium is, link instead to a document that does so and continue on with the main point of your entry.
Thank you for always knowing what I'm thinking, sometimes even before I know I'm thinking it.
They have a TV in the corner that I never noticed until our retrieval. I was subjected to 2 kids watching Dora for almost an hour. There are still people struggling with infertility after having children but this annoyed the hell out of me. I don’t feel this is a place kids should be. If we had children and required more procedures I guarantee they would be left at home.
Why are so few afraid of that? That is only as they look at it in, what they think to be the distant future. The nurse who cared for Charles Darwin as he died is reported to have said, “I never want to see another atheist die.” Another renowned skeptic said as he left this earth said to those who stood by, “Don’t tell me there’s no God. I’m facing His angry wrath right now.”
Now I'm looking forward to spending time with my daughter who is coming home today from college!!! You know where that gift card will go right?
It all started one afternoon in the library, many years ago. I was browsing through some books about foresting, and opened a photo book on the subject. Somewhere in the middle there was a picture of a man standing on the top of a hill. Curious as I was, my eyes followed his stretched arm and index finger, pointing at the green hill right next to it, offering ground to hundreds or maybe even thousands of trees. The comment underneath the picture read ‘This man shows us the trees he has been planting during his life’. Not only was I heavily impressed, I was flabbergasted, I was melting.
And that’s why I would want a llama. Because the best way to celebrate someone’s life is to recall fond memories. Hubby would probably say it would be easier to just dump my ashes in a river. I would be ok with that, too.
catch up TV
“Oh that’s hot!” He likey.
I am not healthy. I am overweight, under-strength, endurance and lung capacity challenged. I have had every excuse in the book as to why I can't or don't want to lose weight. Some were legit (under-active thyroid, now behaving nicely thanks so much, and shin splints which are still around and kicking) and others that were not so legit, like laziness, poor time management and just plain 'ol stubbornness.
Jon walked away from the table back towards the inventory of water bottles and pictures waiting to be signed. He flipped open his cellphone and placed a call. Then he started cussin’ up a storm. I’m telling you, I hadn’t heard cussin’ like that since my granddaddy accidentally shot himself in the foot. He closed the phone back up and his shoulders fell. The man looked defeated.
They then move into Talent Cymru which supports 150 athletes, many of whom have won British, European and World Championship medals, before finally reaching Elite Cymru, the UK’s first initiative to offer financial, medical and sport science support to high-performance athletes.
The amendments to the PPPA form part of Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak’s promised “reform bills” and were tabled by Deputy Home Minister Datuk Wira Abu Seman Yusop (pic).
We sit and rest, share
Square and straddles out across 42nd Street, turns into a wall and sucks in Manhattan Island. Our hero, named Rael, crawls out of the subways of New York and is sucked
Surely though, the council have an effective "park and ride" scheme?
Stainer: You don’t want to go to the moon? Bulls***!
at the World Social Forum, Mumbai, India.
30x40" oil on stretched canvas copyright 2011
“I need to talk to you,” said Chloe.
$75 with free S&H within the US and Canada
On to the peanut stand. We’d brought our store-bought dry-roasted peanuts to be ground into peanut butter, but the store sells several varieties of raw peanuts as well as unshelled peanuts, and their own peanut butter (which has sugar and other added ingredients). The man poured our peanuts into the first electric grinder and put them through at least twice. Then he transferred it to a finer grinder, oozing pure peanut butter into our Tupperware bowl. It made a great snack when we got home.
Gearhouse Your Vision = Our Focus
The latest costly advertising slogan, which was hammered down our throats by the MSM all day is: “Transforming Oppression to Expression”. The sooner propaganda of this sort stops, the sooner this country will develop into a fully grown democracy ALL South Africans can be proud of!
Is it possible to be IN love with more than one person at the same time?
had me falling head over heels for another beautiful project of hers.
Willetts said he originally wanted to entitle his book Panties Inferno after a long-ago American burlesque revue but, mystifyingly, there were legal problems.
If you happen to find yourself in Melbourne between now and the end of October this year, well, first of all I’m extremely envious, but secondly you should definitely go to the ManStyle exhibition at the NGV International gallery.
Now for a break….
Outside of society, they’re waitin’ for me.
I thank each and every person who has taken the time to look at the blog since the very start…knowing that people are reading, and finding it useful, keeps me writing. I’d still write, even if I was the only person reading it, but knowing that there are others who are trying to find their way through the maze that this is gives me even more of a reason to do this.
There is also his friend called Sky (Dai Yang Tian). Both are eager to bring Tian Cai down. Meanwhile, Zhi Hui is praying very hard for his husband to quit gambling. When they gamble with each other, things get so intense that it gets Out of Control. Will Tian Cai quit gambling in the end?
Johnson CC, Spitz M. Childhood nervous system tumors: An assessment of risk associated with paternal occupations involving use, repair, or manufacture of electrical and electronic equipment. Int J Epidemiol 1989; 18: 756-782.
o Fundraising director
The second viewpoint we can take to the Ursa is that of the unreached; in this case, we don’t view it as an enemy at all but take its destructive path as an abstract symbol of “a challenge.” In this case, Trixie again confronts the Ursa in order to defeat it, with puny results. Given that even the most righteous of believers still struggles with following Christ on this side of eternity, it’s a pattern doomed to failure. Twilight’s use of her knowledge, love, and tender work with the rest of Ponyville’s available material, however, is soothing. We can even trace this back to Aesop’s old fable of the wind and the sun. Twilight’s got no reason to be ashamed of her magic, but her power is accented all the more by its application.
It was a great day spent with great family. I thought I would experience this huge wave of emotions being my first Mother’s Day but I really didn’t. I absolutely love being Carter’s mom, but I experience that every single day that I breathe, not just today. My role as a mother changed who I am, but I’m sure that’s normal for most mothers. I feel like the person I was before was just preparation for my role as a mother. I don’t remember what it was like to not have so much love for someone so small and helpless. Yes, there are bad days. Days where Carter makes me want to pull my hair out. Days where I wonder whether or not I want a second child. Days where I miss it being just me and Justin. But no matter how bad a day gets, it never fails that the second my head hits the pillow at night, I thank God for that precious baby boy. He is my world. I just ordered a canvas that I’m obsessed with, but I don’t have a picture. I’ll have to take one once I hang it. But it sums up my relationship with Carter pretty easily:
Spoon half the mixture onto the biscuit base in big dollops.
She resides in Los Angeles next door to her daughter Carrie.
It has the melancholy of obituary about it; Dean is painfully aware that her medium is dying even as she celebrates its richest qualities. Yet there is a joyous buoyance too; growth and regeneration, giant balls float gently in the Turbine Hall. The Turbine Hall projected onto the Turbine Hall, seems like a generous thank you to the commission itself.
This has continued with the Solidarity Singers who, for the past two months and running, have commandeered the Rotunda at precisely 12:00 noon each weekday and proceeded to express their displeasure at the top of their lungs. For 60 minutes, the lawmakers and staff are disrupted from their daily business and visitors to the building stop dead in their tracks in an attempt to decipher the noise and lyrics that reverberate throughout the building.
I've read and finished this ages ago! I'm a big fan of Ally Carter. Her books are amazing! You can check out my review here.
Another site, Catholic Colleges Online, lists approximately 163 Catholic colleges, (this number includes those in The Newman Guide.) That's a difference of 140. One hundred fourty colleges that claim to be Catholic, but if you look closer, the only thing Catholic about them might be their mission statements. This site does not list all of the universities that claim to be Catholic. Another overlooked fact is that many of these colleges not on the Newman list are run by Jesuit priests, many of whom have long stopped effectively defending the faith of the Catholic Church.
Perri is at band camp this week. Her feet hurt (from marching), her lips are bruised (from playing her trumpet so much), the food is bad (so far I've delivered Hot Pockets, Timbits, iced vanilla coffee and Burger King fries and shake) and I worry about her in being out in this heat so much.
The Coborn Plaza Apartments have a no alcohol tolerance policy and are set to run much like any dorm at SCSU.
In the Library
We also netted two mackerel. Few people I know will eat a mackerel. Most fishermen consider them a disappointing by-catch or bait, used to snag something bigger. But I happen to love them, and with all this talk about fishing sustainability, they are catching on. Last summer, I ate an $85 tasting menu at an upscale D.C. restaurant that included a sliver of mackerel crudo.
Personally I can’t help wondering how much longer we can go on with these posters/mugs/t-shirts/etc, and more particularly the spoof messages which have followed on from this one (have you seen this, for example, or tried the Keep-Calm-o-matic?), before we start to tire of seeing them everywhere and they fall out of fashion. At Barter Books, where mugs, cards and posters of the original “Keep Calm” image are still being sold, customers can also purchase items carrying the two other images designed at the same time (the very start of the war, much earlier than the “Make Do” etc): “Freedom is in Peril: Defend it with All Your Might” and “Your Courage, Your Cheerfulness, Your Resolution Will Bring Us Victory”. I find it interesting that although these two were both distributed and displayed up and down the country from the start of the war in September 1939, they are not immediately recognisable to people of my generation and younger who would not have been around to witness the war, and yet the “Keep Calm”, which only a few insiders ever saw in wartime, is now such a part of everyday life. My feeling is that if “Keep Calm” has a valid significance in modern times, these two are equally significant – in addition to the fact that, if anything, they are even more a part of our history than “Keep Calm” itself – and I’d like to see more of them around, as society’s interest in all things Vintage grows from year to year. They may well not end up so popular, though – after all, they’d be a lot more difficult to alter. ”Cupcakes are in Peril: Defend them with All Your Might” just sounds a bit silly!
All of that would be fine though if it hadn’t have been for how the situation has unfolded between BFF (who will now be referred to as exBFF – I’m sure you can work that all out) and I.
I recall the song I was taught in primary school...
While by my Lord absolved I am
Barmby Moor Primary, Pocklington!
Being of a generally rational mind, I though that was probably a bad idea, but also understanding partisanship, I decided to look up the terms of the settlement, and see how he could get away with such a dastardly deed.
Love Love
821 D-X/30/1981. “The Articles of Confederation as Introduction to the Constitution of 1787.” The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
Dawn of the Dead ramps up on the original in every way—there are something like 82 kills in the film, most of them (but not all of them) zombies. In addition to being a much more indelible stamp on the zombie genre than the original, Dawn is in full color, which both helps and hurts the film. This film is also the coming out party for special effects guru Tom Savini, who made a couple of interesting choices. First, he opted for bright red blood; the blood in this film is so red, in fact, that it looks like paint. It’s reminiscent of Italian horror and giallo in that respect, and it comes as no surprise to me that Dario Argento figured prominently in the creation of this sequel.
On Friday, a bottle of Glenfiddich Janet Sheed Roberts Reserve Single Malt Scotch Whisky sold for $94,000 on New York's Liberty Island at a fundraiser for SHFT Initiatives, which promotes sustainability issues through the intersection of commerce, art and design, and communication. The event was hosted by Adrian Grenier, who played Vincent Chase in the HBO series Entourage.
Graphic Novel Review (ARC) by Chris
Last time my baby sister was pregnant 3 months behind me. My baby died hers lived. This time my baby sister AGAIN found out she is pregnant and has made a few "last time" comments not realizing how it cuts like a knife BECAUSE last time and this time are so painfully different.
We sent out little army men after them,
We can say from experience that these things will come back to haunt you. So here is some very good advice:
Sorcery, Lower Magic
This is the first I’ve ever heard of that. I acted in a play around that time with John Cazale at the Long Wharf. It was a production of the O’Neill play, The Iceman Cometh – but that’s the closest I ever came to The Godfather.
I will post funeral arrangements after the meeting with the funeral home tomorrow morning.
Non-Beer Related Posts: 70
Give your hearts, but not into each other's keeping.
I Could sleep under a horse,
in utterly revolting style, the ground
I will make every effort to read and review in a timely fashion and with regard to release dates, but I cannot guarantee this. I prefer to receive a book 3-4 months prior to when you would like the review posted. I will accept a limited number of finished copies and review them within one month.
Victoria Zackheim: Author of The Bone Weaver and wrote the documentary, Where Birds Never Sang: The Story of Ravensbrück and Sachsenhausen Concentration Camps (On the Road Productions), and Maidstone, a screenplay in development. She has also edited 5 anthologies and is a 2010 San Francisco Library Laureate.
of hunkered out, watching me first over one shoulder and then
We have the like confidence in Christ. We may face opposition and persecution from fellow man. But the Lord knoweth them that are His. We are able to appeal unto the higher court, that of heaven above. By being accepted in Jesus Christ we are more than conquerors through Him. That is so because He knows those who belong to Him.
As in most months, foreclosure density varied by region. 6 states accounted for more than half of the nation’s repossessed homes in March.
You can't pretend that's anything other than a sexy video.
This morning, she emerged looking bedraggled and ill and asking, “Do you think I’m better yet?”
Appearance: golden, very clear, some hop particles still remain from dry hopping. White head with poor retention.
Be sure to check that out.
During his time as Pope, there has been the movement to beatify Pope Pius XII , the head of the Church during the Holocaust and later make him a saint. There have been the Church's issues with Israel, such as the ridiculous statements from Papal officials likening Gaza to a concentration camp and the constant shilling for the Palestinians in an effort to preserve Church property even as Arab Christians are being deliberately driven out of the Holy Land by Muslims. There was the abrupt closure of the Vatican's Holocaust archives and the refusal to cooperate with both Catholic and Jewish scholars researching the Church's actions during the Holocaust, the re-instituting of the old Pre-Vatican II Latin mass calling for the conversion of the Jews.
I have nothing more to write tonight. Today I stretched and walked a very little but the more important thing is that I sat in the sun, on a blanket in the park with a good friend and played cards. I let my knee rest. I laughed. I had fun. Oh, and I won.
“First we need to do a medical history and an ultrasound and if there are no issues, we can give you the injection. This will stop the pregnancy from growing, and in a few days you will take some pills that will expel it. “
Well peeps, it had been FOREVA since I had done a DIY project and man, I missed it. :) While working on this one I was in my zone, and it felt good! I have been planning this project for the longest time, but was just trying to figure out one little detail before I got started.
However, there is a lot about French food we will miss too!
Handbag: Kate Spade
He’s aroused now, the need overcoming the shame, but he’s determined to hold out. Hurriedly he stuffs the papers back into the hole in the wall and drags the bookcase back into place, realises there are tears on his cheeks and wipes them away self-consciously, even though he’s alone.
I arrived at the warehouse, a clay-colored building with two small doors on either side of a large blue door marking the entrance to the four o’clock show. There were two photographers, a uniformed guard, a modish young woman, and now, me. Was this the location for the Maxime Simoëns collection, I asked? Oui, said the young woman, sporting a platinum pixie haircut, striped jersey top, skinny jeans and flats sharing a smoke with the photographers who leaned on a motorcycle parked against the building.
Image of: Can CWs "The Selection" catch "Hunger Games" fire?
Debra and her team were always professional, and made me feel like a queen. Debra listened to all my ideas and offered fantastic suggestions to help me create a beautiful atmosphere. Black was the main color used, incorporated in the table decorations, the chairs, the cake, the bridal party, the flowers (by Shelley McArdle of Floral Artistry, www.floralartistrybyshelley.com)…white and champagne colors accented the black very nicely…but it was not too overdone.
Well I can tell you how I feel. I am very disappointed that I let the empowering feelings that existed within me to take a 3 month vacation to Someday Island. And I enjoyed myself so much, I turned some day into one day, and then quickly made a return visit.
5. What did your mom like to do when she was a child? "go to her grandma's"
Jacqueline Woodridge, a British expat living in Mauritius, lost her pet dog in January and went to the Port Louis MSPCA compound to try to find him.
Be encouraged. God is our Deliverer and He can remove all strongholds from our lives. Cry out to God. Call on the name of Jesus. Starve the flesh. Starve what feeds lust. Fast to beat down the flesh. Fill idle time with productivity. Let your love for God outshine your flesh’s desire to sin. Pray and ask God to renew your mind, daily. It is extremely important that He erases the perverted imagines printed in the mind of individuals struggling with masturbation. Deliverance is real and it can be done. Some days you may win with the help of Christ and some days you may feel like you lost without Him. Remember that overcoming any struggle is impossible if we approach it by trying to fight it with our own strength. Ask God to take porn and masturbation from you and mean it as genuinely as you can. Trust in His power. Believe in His truth.
So I've made the decision to leave this blog as is, ending here; and bring my search into my whole life and whole life blog at LLM Calling. I hope to see you there.
As Twenty Eleven draws itself to a close, I find myself with time to ponder what the year has heaped upon myself and those I hold dear. Truthfully, in this time of chaos and craziness around the globe, I have had the most stable seeming year in over a decade. I moved from a teeny apartment into a house a little over a year ago, and right from the get go it was a lot to chew financially and was not without drama, but it was also amazingly normal seeming, considering all the elements. I lost my best friend in February. Nothing happened to her, she just decided we weren't friends anymore. Which was hard, but also just odd. I think I spent a good deal of time confused, and to get myself on track I threw myself into building (and maintaining, which is hard for an Aries flake like myself) the Other Blog, and working on getting my quilts noticed. I have mostly succeeded, while not in the ways I intended. I think that whole thing about doors closing so that new doors can open fits in right about here.
Perfect for splashing and dabbling,
This gold was documented into accounts through the Swiss Commercial Bank Union Bank of Switzerland, placed under protection of the Swiss Attorney General, registered through the Swiss National Bank into the Bank for International Settlements International Collateral Combined accounts and then from within the BIS, blocked to form the Institutional Parent Registration Accounts of the Federal Reserve System.
Lower into a wall-sit, then lift your heels up as high as you can. Enjoy how this takes the burn in your quadriceps and calves to a whole new level! :) It was hard not to shake while Eric was taking the picture. I know, you can't wait to try it now right?
So I took both of them there - to the child version at two metres height - and they just loved it. Like they did last year. (And we checked it Clara was tall enough to do the adult version (accompanied) but she was a tiny bit short... so we'll see next year...
Not for this student.
and as i study remnants of my past self
This is our God!
I talked to my mom. She was, to put it mildly, a little surprised. You are thinking about adopting? Two boys? Two African American boys? From the foster care system? "Well, you know I will be here if you decide to do it."
Round 7- Markus Kuhn, defensive tackle, North Carolina State
Another option is to use vintage stamps on invitations for events with a limited number of guests -- bridal shower, bachelorette party, rehearsal dinner. This way the rate to mail is lower and you won’t have the extra cost of 100+ envelopes to find stamps for.
This time round, however, I shall not be entitled to legal assistance. Legal Aid isn’t, as far as I am aware, available for such matters. Admittedly, yes my health has worsened since my application began plus I have a different (and far better than the last) GP surgery who are more than happy to assist me in whichever is necessary. I am also aware that my consultants various will prepare any medical reports should the DWP require them. In terms of the application forms I shall refer back to initial application forms and use some of the legal wording.
democracy
We've been burned by the Astros before, but I think they're going to the World Series this time. Really, I do.
The stars doubt not, and they are undismayed,
Wait a minute. Let's just say that you are right and I am doing ALL those things that you claim. You end it with this? A fallacious argument called a hasty generalization? Even if I did those things, you attempt to throw out the baby (Jesus?) with the bathwater as a comfort to deny Christ. That sir makes you an Antichrist not a non-theist or an Atheist.
It was a busy but great night; we managed to fit in our appointments, support a cause and spent and hour talking over dinner.
Aside from all the tears I shed about it last night, today has turned out ok. Yes this is the work that basically told me I was out of a job after 8 weeks no matter what the circumstances with my health surrounding the pregnancy...but some how someone magically flipped a switch and my extended leave was approved. No thanks for the 8 weeks of worry and thinking I didn't have a job. . . especially at a time when my stress levels needed to be at their lowest.
Letters travel between Alexandria and Gabriel, the Duke of St. Easton as she journeys to find her missing parents, who left on a treasure hunt, and haven’t been heard from in over a year. Gabriel doesn’t want her to go in search, seeing the danger in it, but Alex is determined to find her parents. She meets John Lemon who offers to help her and in his sincerity she agrees to become engaged to him. Her heart isn’t 100% there though and it may have something to do with the guardian who seeks to rescue
Very interesting response, Gary, but what points are you trying to make? Its not clear.
New Committees, More Input
Value : DumpCount
a great song to start off the week. a great visual of ryan gosling to get your heart racing this slow monday and a must-have album to add to your iPod.
The writer is a genius but the real grace of it are what appears to be the ad-hoc solos on the saxaphone and that lovely ever-forgiving bass line that supports you, like a seatbelt of life, while the sax takes you on the meloncholy rollercoaster of completion.
Could it actually be possible to find a path to the core of our human existence by means of a chemical?
Christian opens the door in the back of the church letting in the warm bright light...Whatever or where ever that is or represents is up to you.
Collective gasps of surprise could be heard as Nibras stepped up and joined the two men on the stage. Mr. Think laid his arm gently and reassuringly on his shoulder as he proceeded to tell his story from the beginning. When he got to the part about Sharshar blackmailing him, the psychic couldn't control his rage, he lunged forward, shouting:
Bastianich also has some good old-fashioned vendettas to settle. He calls chef Pino Luongo “a withering d-----bag.” Le Cirque’s Sirio Maccioni is a Restaurant Man “facing oblivion.” San Domenico’s Tony May is “a great Restaurant Man, but enough is enough. Take your wife to Positano.” Hospitality maverick Danny Meyer, whom he respects, “single-handedly spread this cancer of a five-day workweek through our industry.” (There’s no mention of the tip-skimming class-action lawsuit against Bastianich and his partners, which was settled last month when his company agreed to a $5.25 million payout.)
Little bit is chilling with her dad (he takes the 1st shift of the night), and I'm a little awake since I had 2 naps today. Don't be a hater, because I didn't get to fall asleep until 2 am and was awakened 3 times before 6:30 am. :)
Holding my breath, I picked up the stowaway and nervously switched it on, while my mum muttered to herself “what is an iPad anyway?” as she eased into the front seat.
Friends, I got some of the most awesome news EVER yesterday. Bath & Body Works is FINALLY coming to Hawaii! Yes, come March 2011 there will be a brand spanking new BBW location at Ala Moana mall. And I'll be there as soon as the doors open.
“There was no effort to counsel us during or after each of these sessions. There was no ‘debriefing,’ no explanation of what was happening or why this was being done to us. Why I did not refuse to participate after I first experienced it, I don’t know. But as an adult and later as a professional medical ethicist, I recognized this lack of resistance as a function of childhood itself. Most children who are victims of parental abuse do not know how to resist. They fear rejection by parents more than they fear the abuse, it seems. The ‘power differential’ is huge between parents and children and the dependence on parents is virtually absolute. We were also, living in London at the time, away from our friends. My sister and I had been told not to talk about what we were doing. We were Catholics, obedient to parents, etc. Our father was a doctor, after all – it was hard to grasp that he would do harm to us or that our mother would. Children just don’t think this way initially. A child’s dependency usually means trusting one’s parents or caregivers.
Positioned at the end of the table, your amiable host prepares simple Sicilian food before your eyes, focusing on interesting yet traditional Sicilian flavour combinations and high quality ingredients, many of which are for sale in the shop. There is no menu - the meal will depend on the season and the inspiration of your host.
Gregory Bridgerton is the last to get married. He wouldn’t until he finds the one. He knows that he will know her immediately and that woman is Hermione Watson. But true love was going to be difficult. Hermione had her sites on another and then another.
I had an ultrasound this week. I was very nervous for it. It didn’t help that place where I go for ultrasounds now is the same place I would go for my non-stress tests for Preston at the end of his pregnancy. Just walking into the waiting room this week brought back a rush of anxiety. I remember week after week going there sitting in the waiting room wondering, “Is this going to be the day they tell me I have to have a c-section?” As I waited to be seen I took lots of deep breaths and tried to remind myself that those were just old emotions and that everything this time around will most likely be fine, and if not, everything will still be fine :)
Care Bears Magical Adventures
Afterwards, Joey is walking outside when she’s attacked by the cenobite versions of all the people killed in the bar. Her cameraman Hulk-Hogan-lookalike has been transformed into a cenobite with a camera lens sticking out of one eye, and the DJ has been transformed into one that can shoot CDs like bullets – it’s really ridiculous and gimmicky, but…no, actually I have no ‘buts.’ It’s just ridiculous and gimmicky. I especially love the stupid little lines the Hogan lookalike says after he kills people, like when he kills the cops, he says “That’s a wrap.” And when he kills this other guy, he says “Ready for your close-up?” It’s like a 60 year old trying to be hip and write “witty” lines for the kids. Both funny AND embarrassing at the same time!
It's a simple idea. On Sunday, September 30th, at 9:00 PM Eastern, we're raising a glass to Michael Jackson, and raising money in his name for the National Parkinson's Foundation.
Jehovah: 1) Before Nauvoo, one of the names of God. 2) After Nauvoo, the name of the premortal Jesus.
Last night we took Angie, Jared and Michael out to Texas Longhorn for Angie’s birthday dinner. Good food – good company! It was a nice evening. We stopped by Bass Pro to return some items – coats we purchased for Michael, but he didn’t like. Looked for another coat for Michael – someone took his at school yesterday! They don’t have kids’ sizes, and the men’s small was too big. Hopefully someone will return the coat today!
There is a challenge at Twisted Tuesday Challenges. I used the basis of the challenge {red, green and pink colors, three brads and one ribbon} to create this card. Albeit, my red color is Stampin' UP! Ruby Red and I have one type of ribbon in three places, I hope I pass this test too! A little shout out to my friend Darlene, who gifted me with the pretty butterfly die cut.
Gridlock
These are questions that Musa Aman has yet to satisfactorily answer. However, our new evidence goes a long way towards doing just that.
"Mr. Martin (the MTV guru-in-charge) has recruited what he calls “insurgents,” young Chevrolet employees who are willing to change things from the inside and report to him on skeptical executives." What a great idea! An internal Gestapo ratting out non-compliant employees. The Cultural Revolution comes to Detroit.
At least Wyeth wasn’t up.
The other disciples told him, “We have seen the Lord.” Verse 25. But he said to them, “Unless I see in his hands the mark of the nails, and place my finger into the mark of the nails, and place my hand into his side, I will never believe.” That is, “I won’t believe until it becomes my personal experience.” No second hand faith for Thomas.
YOU WILL get an extra entry for the prizes by Posting this on your blogs or facebook pages. PLEASE LEAVE A COMMENT OVER AT PRIM PALS THAT YOU DID SO WE CAN CHECK and give you credit.
I just came off a 3 mile run, and after a soak in the tub, I've ready for some beer (gotta keep a balance). Looks like the wife has picked up what's supposed to be a very hoppy beer. It's called Victory Hop Wallop. The wife is getting on my eating habits. Anyway, this Hops Wallop is from the Victory boys in Pennsylvania. Gotta love picture of some cartoonish looking redneck dude on the cover. I can only imagine what yah playas in Philly would think if this character was Black. Looking like a straight Sambo. Anyway, I'm so excited about this beer, I decided to do this puppy in Stream of Consciousness on the blog. You'll have to pardon the mess, as I won't be editing.
Charlie attends the meeting because she wants a voucher to buy new balls for the playground. Joan’s meeting however, turns out to not be a good idea so Charlie offers some words of advice and Joan takes it surprisingly well. Charlie says that she shouldn’t be so stiff and she needs to be more friendly towards the families. Joan decides to set up a website so she can answer more questions in timely manner.
So far, so good. I know it's only the first month but the month isn't over yet and I've done them both!
My friend 'Lando (short for Orlando) loved women. I came to realise this fairly soon after we met. But he wasn't one of those lecherous blokes. None of the "Look at Her!" "Hello darlin'!" sort of stuff. I mean he genuinely loved women, more than anything else in the world. I was one of the few men he spent much time with. I've always felt kind of honoured by that, and by being able to just sit there and listen to him. He talked so enthusiastically about women. Women of all types, not just your predictable "women men like". I've known him to waffle on for hours about Germaine Greer, how she was now and how she was in the sixties.
home with all of their property restored to them plus reparations and
Thursday: beef and bean burritos and Spanish rice
Their dad paused, then stepped through the gate, leaves crunching under his feet. He gestured for Sam and Abby to follow. The temperature dropped a few degrees and Sam's eyes took a moment to adjust to the dimmer light. A squirrel chattered at them from a nearby tree. Sam drew her bow closer. She didn't like the woods in the evening. What seemed normal and cheerful during the day took on an eerie feel, like ghosts were hiding behind the trees, waiting to snatch her up and run away.
Yeah, I thank God each night, and twice on Sunday,
Accessories – Mega Curved Rectangle and Label 1 Nestabilities, Fancy Tags Die (Spellbinders), Ivory Satin Ribbon, Kaisercraft Blush Pearls, Foam Tape
“If Polytechnic is now a viable entity, what is the rush to consummate this transaction?” the alumni asked in the letter.
Man, by his very nature thinks that he doesn’t need God. Nimrod felt that way reading Genesis 10:8. “He began to be a mighty one in the earth. He was a mighty hunter before the Lord.” That term “before the Lord” means that he was thought to be better than God. Reading the last part of verse 9, “Wherefore it is said, Even as Nimrod the mighty hunter before the Lord.”
“We condemn organizations that are involved in terrorism,””
This week we have the super sponsorship of
I like to have physical props for my players to fiddle with, and one of the ones I've created over the years was this treasure map which I made to go with the opening of a low-level campaign I ran once.
Another unique thing about Luke is the use of the word “passion” in verse 3: “To whom also he shewed himself alive after his passion. ..” In fact, this is the only place in the New Testament in which this word appears. It is from pascho, meaning to suffer. Our minds would go back to the Paschal Lamb in Exodus 12:5,6 and this was sacrificed at the Passover. This also gives us some Biblical reason for calling the week prior to Easter as Passion Week. But I am also reminded of John’s words in John 1:29, “Behold the lamb of God that taketh away the sins of the world.”
Happily, he got the picture because we had very nice transitions for the rest of the lesson. Christy pointed out how one or both ears was always fixed on me from then on out, so he was really ready to work. So next time he decides to leave his brain at home, I'll pull out some transitions to get him thinking.
_______ will begin 4th grade in September 20__.
This post was featured here
How crazy is it to walk into class and answer your professor’s ‘So, how’s your future looking? Hear from any schools over break?’ with, ‘Um well actually I am going to go be a shepherdess instead!’ ?
So that was Larklight; a slight book, but fun to write, and just the project I needed as a sort of literary sorbet between the darker worlds of A Darkling Plain and Here Lies Arthur. Looking back, I think it achieves what I set out to pretty well. I'm told some people complain that it offers no critique of imperialism (stories set in the British Empire are expected to, it seems) but I think it actually does, albeit in an oblique way. It's true that Art's faith in British pluck and justice is unshakeable, but I'd written one book about a lad coming to question the whole idea that underpins his society and I didn't want to write another. (Besides, when I want to write seriously about the evils and follies of empire I will write about the actual Nineteenth Century, not a fantasy version.) I still find Art and Myrtle funny, and I hope other readers do, too.
"Because they're black and red, Mommy."
But times have changed and so have the choices.
So that’s all you have to do to enter – if you are not a signed up member of Word Press – well why not!! It doesn’t cost you anything and you can be a part of, and comment on, many wonderful blogs.
Living in Jerusalem waiting tables. I had left college prematurely, moved to Jerusalem by myself and got a job as a waitress. I lived in Israel for two years before returning to San Francisco to finish college. It was a most romantic point in my life and where I began to find my calling as an artist (it would take many more years to realize it).
the data resides also irrelevant. This development has enabled the recent emergence of the relatively new concept of DaaS.
I was watching TV when my phone buzzed, signaling a text message.
Las Vegas and New Orleans both permit open-containers. Usually I’m not one who likes to get political, but constituents and congressmen of Orange County, CA you really need to adopt this policy.
“The austerity and regulation strategy was expected to lead to more growth, which is not happening,” Raymond Torres, director of the ILO’s Institute for International Labor Studies, told journalists in Geneva. “The strategy of austerity actually has been counterproductive from the point of view of its very objective of supporting confidence and supporting the reduction of budget deficits.” The report said about 50 million jobs had disappeared globally since the 2008 financial crisis.
Free mind thinking is more than just resistence and fun, however. It is about tuning in to higher frequencies and attracting like energies. It’s about asking the Universe to conspire in our favor because –and this is common knowledge beyond the confines of Earth– the Universe actually wants us to be free in mind, body and soul. All WE have to do is WANT to be free. Not think it might be nice, but WANT it with every fibre in our body. The power follows.
Occupy
The sky is woven with clouds like
The 2012 Library Research Award for Undergraduates
1/2 cup chopped nuts (I used pecans. The firefighter used walnuts.)
Smith, John C., Taylor, Paul B., & Jones, James A. (1987). The History of Cryptozoology. Jones & Son (London).
Denny: Evade Chris-R while you try to collect eggs, flour, milk and butter to make “brownies” for the party. Steal shoes for a speed boost and avoid eating any poisoned apples. Power Word: OH HAI.
I am always happy to return here, in fact or in fiction. I spent formative years of my childhood here – on three separate occasions. The parts of A Suitable Boy that I most enjoyed writing were the scenes set in Calcutta, whether it was with the garrulous Chatterji family (I especially enjoyed writing about the shocking Meenakshi), or at the Eden Gardens, where Lata’s three suitors, Kabir, Haresh and – yes – Amit, meet at an India vs England cricket match. In fact, the Bengali translation of A Suitable Boy by Enakshi Chatterjee (I am told it is a very good translation) is called Sot Patro, which of course makes one think immediately of Abol Tabol and the immortal Sukumar Ray, the father of another immortal, Satyajit Ray, who was no mean writer himself.
Barely up to my ankles, across to the other side!
It was elegant.
17.4. JYVÄSKYLÄ Jyrock (SOLO)
and looked around to make sure they weren’t surrounded,
4 skinless boneless chicken thighs
Full sight of her in Heaven without restraint,
The polygraph in use today is a compact portable device that measures three or four key involuntary physiological responses to questioning: skin conductivity, abdominal and chest respiration, blood pressure, and heart rate. Some questions are designed to establish baseline responses, some are neutral, and others attempt to register “guilty knowledge,” or at least a sense that the person knows something that confirms him or her as a suspect. However, despite claims by examiners, the accuracy rate by disinterested evaluators is not high enough for admissibility.
I live along an ancient Anasazi trail. A few weeks ago, while I was going for a walk, I started talking to myself out loud. Now, this isn’t unusual for me, especially because I live a very isolated life and usually only have myself or my dogs or the birds flying in the air to keep me company. What was unusual was my accent. I had adopted an accent from who knows where, and I thought I was just being silly. In a flash of insight, it hit me — I am channeling someone who wants to talk to me. As soon as I had that thought, my voice confirmed it. Once I accepted her presence, she just walked along beside me in silence. Without words, I came to know that this was a Native American woman who had lived nearly 1000 years ago. She had walked this same path long ago, wondering about her own life, as I was wondering about mine. She was a woman of few words. When she spoke, her words felt carefully chosen and held deep meaning. But more on that later. Today is just the introduction.
* a $200 Visa gift card from BlogHer and Arm & Hammer with Oxi Clean
Mayor Bing has said, to the dismay of the city council, that he would like to take control of the Detroit Public Schools system when Bobb’s contract expires. Bing would undoubtedly continue Bobb’s work. Kwame Kenyatta of the Detroit City Council has expressed disapproval of the mayor’s budget, taking affect on July 1, because it is the result of $101 million in cuts made by the mayor, saying: “The greater harm is that come July 1, you’re going to have an impact on city services that are already at the basement level”.
The other night,out of interest we took a trip over to the nearest Branded Chain Pub,just to see if anything had changed since our last visit.
DO QUIT SMOKING LASER TREATMENTS WORK?
Trade 1: Kyle Lohse for Kenley Jansen and Bryce Harper
Martha Alderson, AKA the Plot Whisperer, posted a great definition of plot on her blog this past week. Of itself that might not seem too exciting. But I loved how she did it, by gradually adding to the definition the same way many of us writers approach a story. She began with plot as a series of scenes:
The final Kosher dog was Rubashkin’s Aaron’s Classic. Now we aren’t very sure about what is so classic about this dog, because it’s a beef/chicken hybrid. To be fair, we don’t know if there is a Rubashkin’s pure beef dog, but if there is, we hope its much better than this. Words like “slimy”, “mushy” and “nightmare” were thrown around the eating area, although one reviewer didn’t think it was bad as the other two. All agreed it was very, very soft textured, although there was wide disagreement about the greasiness level.
We do not forgive.
The majority of the novel deals with chauffeur Gene Swendsen's covert investigation of the family and the events leading up to the accident. He sneaks around the house, examines the car, and subtly gets several fellow servants and Corwith family members to confess to him all their hidden feelings about Kitten. Hilda, however, is onto him. She confronts him repeatedly accusing him of being an impostor. "You just don't seem like a real chauffeur," she tells him. "Then who am I?" counters Swendsen. The most fascinating parts of the story are these scenes between Hilda and Gene as they engage in a dance of seduction, a trading of confidences, a duel of wits to see who will drop their guard first and who will give in to the other. As the story progresses we begin to see that not only does Gene want the truth he wants Hilda.
and we splash it, anger pouring out.
around her. It was more than the cop thing of keeping too much evidence a
"One of the cornerstones of Swedish policies against prostitution and trafficking in human beings is the focus on the root cause - the recognition that without men's demand for and use of women and girls for sexual exploitation, the global prostitution industry would not be able to flourish and expand.
Speaking of change, while I was away I didn't realize how much had changed! Blogger has a whole new (and confusing) layout. Goodreads has a whole new layout (and love affair with Facebook). And Facebook forced it's timeline on me (grrr). Thanks goodness for mobile editions!
It's not nearly as much fun, nor nearly as cool as a set of Hindu prayer flags, but it really is only 'stuff".
Today I took 70mg – seven 10mg tablets spaced evenly throughout the day – for the third day. I didn’t notice any side effects. No somnolence (sleepiness), just a lovely relaxed feeling.
Dave Bedggood / A Modem Greek Tragedy / 122
Placebo Slave to the wage UK
in all of these situations, whether it’s me falling or me being pushed, my hands instantly fly to my belly and i think: the baby! and this nervous fluttering overtakes me as i try to keep myself from picturing the horrific possibilities of me landing right on my stomach, which isn’t really even big enough to create any sort of complications, i imagine. and to be honest, my mom actually fell off her horse when she was quite a bit pregnant with me and i’m fine… (though, she really shouldn’t have been riding a horse and my father, as i hear it, was just furious)
‘sovegna vos a temps de ma dolor.’
The children became very enthusiastic about this idea and suggestions about us all wearing 1940's clothes, playing war time games and living without certain luxuries began to come about.
items you will find: 2nd hand or As I prefer Previously loved items,
My panel, “Jane Marple in the 21st Century,” is moderated by Maria V. Snyder with co-panelists Marta Perry and JD Shaw. (3:30 – 4:30)
Beethoven:
Father, I pray that you would create a clean heart in me. O God, renew a right spirit within me. Change me and mold me into the man that you want me to be. (Psalm 51:10)
Stanford University
Call it analysis paralysis.
Dirt came in various guises. There was no escaping the mud that caked the city's roads. Of course, 'mud' was something of a euphemism: this was predominantly horse-dung. There were additional elements: flecks of granite (from loose macadam, the stone fragments, pummelled tightly together, used to surface most of the capital's thoroughfares); traces of iron (from horse shoes and metal-shod wheels); a smattering of litter and household refuse. Nonetheless, it was consistently and principally dung. When wet, it turned the busiest streets into an impassable bog; when dry, it created a noxious dust, that had to be dampened down by the spray from parish water-carts, waggons with wooden water tanks at the rear, fitted with a metal sprinkler.
So, here's what I'm doing. NOTHING. Seriously. I've stopped tracking my food. I was really worried about my milk supply when I first started trying to consciously take weight off. Around 5pm, I would enter my daily intake into Babyfit.com , and see that I still had about 1000 calories left until I hit the bottom end of my daily range. So, what did I do? I spent the rest of the day trying to eat those calories. After several weeks of this and only losing 1 pound per week, I had a slight epiphany. In the first few weeks following Kaia's birth, I ate virtually nothing. Adrenaline, you see, is a funny thing. It would be 7pm and Bob and I would realize we hadn't eaten anything all day. And guess what? At that point in time, I actually had a milk OVERsupply.
We recognize the spark that flies
Setting: 10
It is necessary to establish as accurate a picture as possible of what occurred on the night of the incident. As this is an ongoing investigation, no solid determinations about the truth can be made at this time. Since Wikipedia is continuously being updated, it is helpful to frequently read the pages dedicated to the case, always checking the sources of the information of course.
BOLOGNA:
That also goes for Black Swan, True Grit, and 127 Hours. I was very happy for Christian Bale, whom I could not believe had never won an Oscar (and he looked absolutely fantastic!), and Natalie Portman. She's always gorgeous! And how cool was it that Toy Story 3 was nominated for Best Picture?! An animated film has never been nominated before. So awesome!! I did think it was lame that the Social Network won for score over Hans Zimmer just because of Trent Reznor; that's my only beef with the awards this year.
If you allow that kind of growth, if you lose the green areas and the open spaces, if you pump out the aquifers, if you terminally pollute the rivers, then, of course, you can do fatal damage to the ecology of the city.
Fun Giveaways
SAUSAGE BREAKFAST LOAF
10 Let Me Call You Sweetheart
10:25 PM – To the ring, where the Tag Team Champions, Epico and Primo will take on Zack Ryder and the US Champion, Santino. Zack and Santino prove to have great chemistry as a team, and get the victory over the Tag Champs. Santino and Ryder celebrate in the ring.
The new CINEMA 3D Smart TVs come equipped with LG’s Smart TV functions. Featuring various apps, LG’s Smart TV offers content services, including 3D World, where viewers can access a growing abundance of 3D content. Furthermore, the embedded 2D to 3D conversion engine makes it possible to convert any 2D show to 3D.
There is a purposeful link made between the Jew and evil and corruption. It is purposeful because they produced it that way. It is not fair to say, well, the fellow in real life upon which the film is based was a Jew because so many other details of the memoir were altered and many were altered radically. But the man was not only kept a Jew in the film, his ethnicity was emphasised while so much else was changed.
It's nice to get Christmas projects done already!
not to be taken lightly
He suited up, crawled inside the thing and cleaned it all out. Not a fun job at all. He also rebuilt some of the parts and made several improvements. It ended up being the never ending project that he's just now finishing. We're so, so happy to have this piece of equipment. And I'm so, so lucky to have Nate!
GuoBing X, CuiBao P, YaoZhang C, Hui L, ZhanMing F. Effect of benzene, toluene, xylene on the semen quality and the function of accessory gonad of exposed workers. Ind Health 2001; 39: 206-210.
And was I in for a treat! This was my first ever international swap so you can just imagine the excitement. It arrived in a very big box
Whilst holding the SHIFT key down you will notice that in teh bottom right hand side where you have your commands, the task of OPEN IMAGE changes to OPEN OBJECT. Click OPEN OBJECT and you will be taken to Photoshop. What you will notice straight away is that the small image icon in your layers pallette has a small rectangle in there. This shows that it is now a SMART OBJECT.
"We then went on to a panel on Shaking Up the Brewing Scene with Martin Dickie from Brewdog. Martin had everyone absolutely quiet and on the edge of their seats as he started playing grunge rock on his laptop, methodically pulled out and poured a bottle of Brewdog ale, and took a sip before saying a word to the audience. His talk was mostly a history of Brewdog but did not disappoint with several irreverent lines and a bit of a “this is what we do, like it or $%#* yourself” attitude."
“I’m not gonna do it.”
Dreams. You always wanted to see your book at a library, or on the shelf at a bookstore, and those dreams die hard.
Vyasa rescued that flesh (should he have really done that??) , cut up the flesh into a hundred and one peices and they were stored for a year in individual vats of oil.
When I was a kid, I didn’t think this was a game. I was deadly serious about judging people. (For further information see That Isn’t Success)
Abrantee’s neologism describes a new sound – a 21st-century melting pot of western rap influences, and contemporary Ghanaian and Nigerian pop music… “For years we’ve had amazing hiplife, highlife, Nigerbeats, juju music, and I thought: you know what, let’s put it all back together as one thing again, and call it Afrobeats, as an umbrella term. Afrobeat, the 60s music, was more instrumental – this Afrobeats sound is different, it’s intertwined with things like hip-hop and funky house, and there’s more of a young feel to it.”
Personally, I'm always pretty open-mouthed whenever someone manages to do that, identify with a particular class - but then in Wales, where I come from, we've never been so class conscious. As I think I may have said before, in my immediate Welsh forebears there are women in service and farm labourers with sisters and brothers who were schoolteachers, church ministers, and businessmen. So I've always felt pretty much connected to several levels of society, and it took me until the age of ten or so to realise that people thought of them as levels. I was stunned when one reviewer called one of my early short stories, based on my own background, a depiction of a 'working-class childhood'. The class of the characters simply hadn't been an issue for me (the issue of the story was actually religious prejudice), but here, it seemed, was a reviewer for whom class was the main issue; he was reading the story through a prism of class consciousness. And then, ironically, some people, feminists, complained, in precisely the way Nicholson describes, about the 'middle-class' viewpoint and milieu of my novel The Birth Machine: I had a definite feeling that had my protagonist been a 'working-class' woman, rather than a doctor's wife, then these educated (middle-class!) feminists would have been much more sympathetic to her predicament, and to me as a novelist.
SS: It’s easy to be spontaneous on these instruments.
The idea for the True Colors collaboration occurred to me one Saturday morning, and I sent out a preliminary email to a group of my favorite artists to “test the waters” and get their feedback about the overall idea of exploring color. I chose the overview of color because I knew it was general and universal, completely open to interpretation. Some of the artists were longtime personal friends of mine, and others were friends “through the mail” although we had never met face-to-face. The only “new-to-me” artist was Karen Michel, who I invited because I so admired her work and hoped she would like to join us. (Over the next couple of years, I eventually got to meet ALL the True Colors artists, except one.) Throughout the collaboration, we kept the enthusiasm going with a lot of emails (Michelle tabulated the total, and it was in the thousands!?) and the sheer excellence of the work was both inspiring and exhilarating.
A couple days on the beach north of Santa Cruz. Surprisingly perfect weather – sunny and warm, no rain, no fog. Trails through Big Basin Redwoods State Park. Delicious picnics. Long walks on empty beaches. Surfing. Sunbathing, for goodness sake. In northern California!
Correspondances, Eugène Green, France. Drama, 39 min.
Today will be more of the same here at the farm...I will spend the morning with Gérard our manager and we will talk...and talk...and talk...that is how it works here....lots and lots of talk. Talk until the words go around and around....repetition every which way you could imagine. That is the Provencal way...We will walk around the groves and discuss the pruning techniques and the after care for these orchards, we will discuss how exciting it is to be finally attacking this long neglected part of the farm and we will luxuriate together in the progress we have made....and tomorrow the cycle will begin again. I am not complaining.....I love to talk the talk and walk the Provencal walk....who would have ever thought.....not me.....xv
Next’s up is Best’s Beef Reduced Sodium Frankfurters. This is not to be confused with Best’s Kosher, an unrelated Chicago-based brand we did not have access to. This Newark New-Jersey company has been described as the default hot dog vendor used in Italian Hot Dog stands in the area surrounding its city of origin. It scored 4th highest on our entire survey, despite being low-sodium. Particularly liked was the texture of the dog, which while rated Medium on average, seemed pleasing.
Our Grandfather hand-built many cypress pirogues for my brothers and me as we were growing up. We spent much of our youth fishing from one on the numerous waterways around his Bayou Portage home. We did not have a four wheeler growing up, so all of our daredevil stunts were performed from a very slow moving pirogue.
Teresa has tons of beautiful winged images in her online store. You'll find angels and fairies with butterfly wings, as well as other sorts of fairy wings. Some fairies are on birds, others have butterflies fluttering around them. You'll even find some silhouette fairies. There are backgrounds for your fairies too! Flower fairies, contemporary fairies, garden fairies, and woodland folk. You may find some elves, pixies and gnomes too! I know where there's at least one steampunk fairy. And, that's just in Teresa's digital stamps category!
2 ½ cups coconut milk
This is one of my favorite stamps from Paper Bag Studios. She was fun to color with this technique from the February/ March issue of the Technique Junkie newsletter. Are you a subscriber? If not I would certainly encourage to become one! This newsletter helped me a lot to take my stamping to go from OK to much better!
I think i have the makeup down, and ill be getting my hair in bangs soon, but i need CLOTHES!!!!!!
My next travel is in a few months which will last a month long, so rest assured that this blog will have lotsa photos to show given my pathological shooter tendencies.
Much boisterous courage, before loneliness
Romans 8:24-25 (NLT)
There is an old and by no means disreputable leftwing argument that the British establishment retains a colonialist mentality. It wants to be friends with the Islamist right in case its adherents gain control of oil fields, and does not believe that Arabs or Muslims deserve democracy because Johnny Arab cannot handle basic freedoms. You can find echoes of the old prejudice in the BBC's attempts to portray the Muslim Brothers as moderates, as if they were the Middle Eastern equivalent of the Anglican Communion, or in the willingness of the Home Office and Metropolitan Police as well as the Foreign Office to treat the Muslim Brotherhood and Jamaat-i-Islami as the sole legitimate voices of Muslim Britain. (If you cannot see what is wrong with that manoeuvre, imagine how you would feel if officialdom treated the BNP as the legitimate voice of white Britain and the BBC praised Nick Griffin's moderation.)
“Yeah, we do enjoy beating each other up,” says Edmondson, straightfaced. “The way we do it has never been done before, actually. Sure, people have always hit each other, but they’ve never done it with the same malice as we do.”
Today a sweet woman came in from Knit for Life to offer me some supplies to keep my hands busy. It was a wonderful gift and reminder that God has designed this time for me to be still, to reflect on what is to come and to stir excitement and joy as I eagerly anticipate all that is about to unfold.
EDIT by The Husband: The Wife didn’t mention that we had some awesome ice cream in Arica. While we were wandering around in the twilight we stumbled across some kind of night-time market (it seemed to be open as part of Chile’s upcoming/ongoing fiestas patrias). There we found this nice lady and her freezer with eight flavors of ice cream. She foisted samples on us without our even asking; as I recall, she gave us big spoonfuls of pistachio, guanabana, coconut, mango and tres leches before we got around to ordering. MethylEthyl got pistachio while I had tres leches. Best ice cream we’ve had since arriving in South America, for 1000 pesos total. Come to think of it, I don’t know what exactly “tres leches” is, though the name means “three milks.” It tasted like a mixture of fruits to me.
Common phrases used to describe production agriculture today versus what the consumer hears when the message is presented:
Bliss.
My dad and his wife are going back to England tomorrow. The couple of weeks they spent here went very quickly. I wish that I could have spent more time with them in a good state of mind, rather than dissociating and stuff. They’ve been at my sister’s for the weekend, of which I opted out of. I spoke with my sister on the phone and she said they had a nice time together. Shame I had to miss out on it. I pray that I can be living a reasonably normal life soon. My dad and his wife are coming now to the hospital for 30 minutes on their way back to where they are staying in the centre of the country. So, a quick hello and say their goodbyes too.
Overall it was very good, I really like the sweetness and freshness of the fruits with the mint over the spicy chicken. I loaded mine up with salsa since Matt didn't eat a lot of it:).
Time: 8:00
But we are to flee the control food can have on our lives." MDC
A crostata is an Italian version of a free-form tart, it is called galette by the French. I had used apples as the filling but you can use any other fillings either sweet or savory. The crust can be made using food processor or by hand.
If there is nothing from the first
I complied without protest. I set the cleaver down on the counter beside me. Since the gun was a revolver, I could finally see that all the chambers were loaded.
Over at my blog, I shared the very basic of what my entire spring break entailed (spring break was the week of March 14-18 for me). I kept it simple for many reasons: school immediately got crazy upon my return, I was exhausted, and I knew I needed some content for this guest post.
Revised THE GOOD OL’ BOYS
Ada married William Russell Roesch on January 16, 1885 and she brought Eva Lena with her and William welcomed her and gave her his name. Our family called her Aunt Lena. Ada was nine years older that her husband.
The man is a beast and he’s never won a playoff series before. In his Thrasher days it was apparent that he just wanted to score goals and back check, occasionally,on his way to the bench. In New Jersey, though it took a while, he has been transformed. He is everywhere on the ice, plays in all situations and he really wants to win. His brilliant pass led to the OT winner by Travis Zajac tonight and it ensured the Devils will travel to Sunrise, FL to put an end to this series.
NFL fans had to deal with troubling news today, as former All-Pro NFL linebacker Junior Seau was found dead in his Southern California home Wednesday morning. Police officers found Seau with a gun-shot wound to the chest and the weapon on the floor next to the body. For now, it seems evident it may have been a suicide.
7 - David's job
AT&T U-Verse: Channel 189
(his beloved dog had cancer)
Philadelpia definitely has it's charms though and it's got great beer places to make it worth visting at least once. The last time I went through Philly I made a point to stop by Monk's Cafe, it was awesome. I had a pot of mussels cooked in sour ale and they had Pliny the Younger on tap. It was cool to say I've had Pliny the Younger but it really didn't taste much different than the Elder, I honestly enjoyed the pint of Allagash White I got a lot more with the mussels. I hear DC has plenty of great beer spots too, but I haven't spent any time there just yet.
No one around? SOCIAL MEDIA CONTAINS THE WORD “SOCIAL” FOR A REASON! Sure, Words with Friends and Farmville are cool, but the reason for Facebook and similar sites are meant for keeping in touch with people, not imaginary crops and animals.
Meeting of PM and CJ credited for the bullish move; the striving efforts were indicated in last couple of calls and at last the meeting enable the breakout.
What the heck I meant
Today, the two buildings share a single entrance and are solely residential. They were jointly restored in 1985 as part of a project led by local building company Dagand with expert guidance from one M.J. Leroy of the state architects Bâtiments de France. The endeavour is quietly celebrated by an inscription that has been subtly added just below the roof of number 49... a low-key way of celebrating this 20th-century helping hand to the city's Medieval heritage.
If you're computer savvy enough to be able to create your own data backups, then you're one of the lucky ones. Fact is, many folks just don't have the know-how or confidence to do it themselves. But why pay big bucks for an online service that charges you an annual fee? When you buy Picture Keeper, it's yours. No more fees ever, except for printing costs when you decide to print out some photos. And as your digital photo collection grows, simply purchase more Picture Keepers as needed. They are affordable enough to share with friends and family, too.
I know. I’ve lost my ever loving mind.
* He repeats the story of Davd Rice Atchison who was allegedly President for one day. The tale is based upon the fact that in 1849 inauguration day fell on Sunday and Zachary Taylor decided to delay his oath for one day. Okay, if Taylor didn't become President on March 4, 1849 because he didn't take the oath, how did Atchison become President if he didn't take the oath either? A careful reading of the Constitution will show that Taylor did in become President on March 4, but couldn't exercise his powers until he took the oath the next day.
This next paragraph is in honor of Larry. Everything in it is WRONG.
6. Is it consciously chosen? Yes.
10. Quiet Now
5.- Guard against too much severity. By pursuing a steady course of efficient government, severity will very seldom be found necessary. If, when punishment is inflicted, it is done with composure and with solemnity, then occasions for punishment will be very infrequent.
“These things almost land themselves, don’t they?”
15.4. OULU Nuclear Nightclub
We live in a culture today where the decision not to have sex is seen as ridiculous. Abstinence is the default choice, and the pro-choice movement has an obligation to make it a socially acceptable choice.
What is different about the bid is that the probation trust will not be a sub-contractor to the private security company but will have a seat on the G4S board and be involved in managing the prisons.
‘Ah,’ Felicity said coldly, ‘I’m sure it is.’
An ancient and a special date.
Awww - isn't she so cute!
The water company, that’s who.
So I was pondering this notion Friday evening. Friday evening I was running around Center City attempting to do a bunch of shopping before the snow hit. As I was heading home from my first round, I passed by an art store. And, though I had about ten pounds of K-mart bags, I went in.
I'm sorry I didn't post for so long, but I had some family situations and it was impossible for me to spend an hour cropping photos, writing post and writing few meaningful words.
Hold hands and hug me in public, even as older teens, because I'm that dad.
Tackle one area of your house/day, and before you know it you’ll have it sparkling clean from top to bottom! If you’re starting from scratch, then the first week or two will take up much of your time, because there may be areas that you haven’t been cleaning on regular basis. But once you get a good deep cleaning done, up-keep will be a breeze!
But to suggest such a thing as that would be almost as un-American as-well, as a typical American politician.
Saarah: “We should go to that hotel over there.”
Here is the most recent and accurate map of the Lands of Ara:
Unclear, however, is whether that new hour of Lauer is the 9 a.m. hour or the hour currently occupied by “Days of our Lives” — meaning NBC would add, yet, another hour of “Today.”
Ex
It still happens today. Celebrities, film stars, actors – all play the game of illusion.
To attach it to the the corset, I hand stitched casings made of upholstery vinyl over the U shaped bars. I used really heavy thread. I think any type of very heavy material that won’t fray out will be fine for this.
And by the way it is not lost on me that his incident sounds VERY much like a certain incident that happened in Wasilla to a local black. (Gee maybe the Palin really DO have something they can find to support in Mitt Romney!)
250ml water
1/2 cup andes mint chips (optional)
Hope to do several challenges again this year.
Went to friends house and we walked 3 miles.. 1 mile with 2- 5 pound weights and 2 w/o weights.
Image and Sentiment: Buzzcraft stamps No. 488
I think JR had the dance of the night with his freestyle, and I’m not sure having a Hero special on ABC hurts his chances either. The guy was the least ‘known’ Star at the beginning, but this exposure can be a career-maker… and I think JR is set. You’re going to see this guy everywhere, win or lose… but ezpecially if he wins. I don’t know what has been plaguing him lately, but we all know peaking at the right time is crucial. He was everyones favourite from the start, will he be able to carry that through?
While we might like to believe that humanity has outgrown its addiction to scapegoating, Mr. Campbell reminds us otherwise. Economic downturns, he writes, “are extraordinarily complex and hard to fathom, yet that does not deter the blamemongers.” Bankers take much of the blame because “they are regarded by the public as being overpaid.” They may certainly be blamed for a revived interest in urban camping.
With that under my belt I arrived at school on Wednesday to discover that the Olympic Torch Relay fundraiser that I thought was the following week wasn’t. A quick duck home to collect my gear and I was running laps of the grass playing field with primary school children. 7 laps equalled a mile so whatever I did had to be in multiples of 7. It was hard enough remembering how many laps I’d done of the running track the other week without having wee voices asking “How many laps have you done Mrs Hollis?” Running on grass is not my favourite,no matter how forgiving it is on the knees. It is a strength zapper. I wasn’t timing myself, but I did 5 miles in about 45 minutes. The school as a whole, with two other adult long lappers and some walking parents, achieved a total of over 270 miles, the equivalent of 10 marathons far surpassing their target of 5 marathons, one for every ring of the Olympic emblem. Their achievement can be seen on the official Olympic countdown site.
...wait for it...
We then get a call from the Deparmtment of human Services that she now qualified for Social Security Disability (yes for being crazy - isn't that nice that your tax dollars are paying for her lifestyle?) and they could give up to $400 to help in stay in place. That wouldn't work as she owed about 20k at that point.
The Cribs – Ignore The Ignorant
He has told the media Vultures that it feels good to be back and he’ll be happy to contribute on and off the pitch.
Once I passed by the driver, I gave them the obligatory evil glare, and to my delight, it was not an old Asian lady like we all generally assume it to be when we notice someone driving like a four-year-old on the bumper cars at Canobie Lake Park, but a young student eating a breakfast burrito with his big fucking sunglasses on. Hooray world, for proving me wrong.
By the way this is my new slow cooker and I LOVE it! It does not heat up the kitchen and the insert is metal with a non stick coating and so much easier to clean! I got it a WalMart for $39.
