Next week a debate is to be held on the WCA & Atos, Tom Greatrex has informed me he will try to get a question in about the recording of assessments after I sent him the FOI Request response I got, he’s not promising anything, but we can only hope.
Over in the vegetable patch there is more honour to be piled upon The Man of the Place. Earlier, using this machine:
UPDATE 3/6/2011: Reorganized update list so most recent is at top. Thanks to Nicolas, a few new secret passage ways revealed in Ardan Bank and Ice Palace. Thanks to finding the Ice Palace secret passage, a new quest was found, another annoying treasure hunter one. I have updated all Ice Palace maps to include the locations of the spirits you must locate, as well as added the alternate path to get into the palace. Also included are a third path to the Crypt doors puzzle and the Piatta-Verity tunnel secret passage.
p30 “We may be familiar with Greek statues depicting a gracefully gliding youth in a tin helmet. This hat and the Flash’s winged heels belong to the Greek god Hermes and his Roman counterpart, Mercury. He is the messenger of the gods, and he represents, quite simply, language itself. Like language, he is swift, inventive, tricky, slippery, and elusive.”
20.In This Life
The unwrapped gifts will be sorted, put into individual family boxes and handed out December 15, 16 and 17 to the families who signed up. Parents are encouraged to wrap the gifts themselves after picking them up at the distribution center.
-There is no evidence of a global flood. On top of that, how on God's green earth (pardon the expression) did Noah manage to fit 12 million species of animal on a 450 foot long boat? I was on an aircraft carrier four times the size of the Ark, and we had trouble fitting 5,000 people on it comfortably.
One more thing...the recipe mentions a cooking time of 35 minutes. That may be a good time for cooking a full size cake, but my mini bundts were done after only 15 minutes.
The best part is the Autotrack feature; you pick an edge or feature on the moving object and Tracker will mark the location in each frame. It works really well. Hat’s off to Doug Brown, creator of Tracker.
Julie saw from the beginning that I was more interested in the creative process than in churning out the news. She was also, I realize, my muse and mentor. When I wrote stories, I wrote for Julie because I knew she was reading and appreciating. She encouraged me when she saw that I was writing against the wind, struggling to make the paper a worthwhile entity. When we did our first focus group many people showed support. But then the reality set in that a newspaper runs on advertising dollars. The uphill battle had begun.
When Isabel went out to get her teeth whitened, she didn't know that she would return to a life she couldn't recognize. Husbands shouldn't die unexpectedly, leaving their happily married wives as widows. And young daughters shouldn't request a new daddy for Chanukah. Where is a suburban woman supposed to find love when she thought she was out of the dating pool for good?
The Boers are an amalgamation of & descended from Dutch Calvinist / French Huguenot / German Protestant / Danish / Frisian / Flemish & Walloon groups.
Students and scholars of the Fourth Gospel should feel indebted to Carter for making Rome visible in the narrative in a way that reflects the realities of life under Roman rule. He is correct in his assertion that Johannine scholars have long overlooked Rome’s presence in the narrative. Further, his argument is immersed in a strong awareness of Roman political and societal issues as well as a breadth of secondary literature, and these strengths will surely open new vistas for those interested in Rome as it relates to NT studies. Nevertheless, despite the valuable contributions that can be mined from the margins of his work, Carter’s main thesis is problematic for several reasons.
Well, OK, less of the singing. And, well, dancing doesn’t really work that well on an audio podcast (to Andrew’s obvious surprise).
The bright side of this, though, is that liberalism's failure will become increasingly obvious, the consequences increasingly unendurable -- yet again, as in the 1970s, and bring an equivalent reaction. America is big enough, and still free enough, that the reaction should be peaceful and democratic, as it was in 1980. Bad policies will be replaced, the catastrophe averted. The sooner the problem is faced, the less drastic the reaction will be.
In nature, nothing is perfect and everything is perfect. Trees can be contorted, bent in weird ways, and they're still beautiful.
We must not focus our attention exclusively on the material, because, though important, it is not the main issue. . . . The economic success of the Western world is a product of its moral philosophy and practice. The economic results are better because the moral philosophy is superior. It is superior because it starts with the individual, with his uniqueness, his responsibility, and his capacity to choose. . . . Choice is the essence of ethics. . . . Good and evil have meaning only insofar as man is free to choose.
And when all the planets of this solar system are filled to the brim with people, the very next year’s population growth will require an additional solar system’s planets. And so and so forth, until this galaxy is full of God’s children. Now, with such thoughts in mind, we might begin to understand why the Millennium is called the great Millennium by the Lord. It is when the vast majority of His children will come down from heaven to receive bodies and populate the planets of this galaxy.
So far, our plants seem to like the soaker hose. Time will tell if our investment pays off. We have growing in the vegetable garden the following:
heart template
The movie itself isn’t that great, in my nowhere remotely professional opinion. Maybe it’s because it’s a futuristic movie from 1997; maybe it’s that I don’t find Ethan Hawke attractive in the least. Whatever the reason, I didn’t really like the movie, but it was one of those that makes me shiver when I think, this could be real. I want nothing to do with a world that genetically engineers everyone.
Add warm water to the (rice+lentil+fenugreek seeds) mix so that it is well soaked. I prefer having about an inch of water on top because the grains expand when they absorb water.
Not the usual fey indie fodder that you have come to love, but a change this week. The reason for this is that my room mate from university is getting married. He used to have to put up with much. Probably his first experience of My Bloody Valentine was when he said, “mate, your tape is chewing up.”
So, needless to say, I've been feeling a little blue hence my self-portrait for Week 6.
Five questions with . . . Frank Cottrell Boyce's writing life
We would recommend to select a small number of patients with severe ME. Why severe ME? Because a six-year-old, with his eyes closed, can tell the difference between someone who is bedridden with severe ME, who likes to get well, who hasn't lost his interest in things, etc. and someone who is bedridden with depression for years.
Also posting this on We Write Poems, please see other wonderful poets there!
A big issue is that people don’t have too much money to throw around after xmas so I never know if what I sell will get what its worth, the second issue is that I am rubbish at getting rid of anything.
However, my boss required those cards miss the last post collection, and thus arrive after the inspector.
I had help, good help, and in less than two hours we had the tree cut and loaded onto this trailer.
roads, storage facilities and
The effort was so incommensurate with the result. The bright hopes of youth had to be paid for at such a bitter price of disillusionment. Pain and disease and unhappiness weighed down the scale so heavily. What did it all mean? He thought of his own life, the high hopes with which he had entered upon it, the limitations which his body forced upon him, his friendlessness, and the lack of affection which had surrounded his youth. He did not know that he had ever done anything but what seemed best to do, and what a cropper he had come! Other men, with no more advantages than he, succeeded, and others again, with many more, failed. It seemed pure chance. The rain fell alike upon the just and upon the unjust, and for nothing was there a why and a wherefore.”
Ever since I played a charity tournament at the Moorpark Country Club, I’ve been back periodically for more abuse. But it’s fun abuse if you know what I mean. There’s three 9-hole tracks here and on any given day, you really don’t know what the starter gives you. This random act allows the starter to guarantee fast play for its members because this is a semi-private course after all.
This manipulation of the Kantian paradigm could be said to find its motivation in the critique that Friedrich Jacobi advanced in the years immediately following the publication of Kant’s first Critique, namely that interpretation according to which it is impossible to enter into Kant’s system without granting him certain presuppositions and impossible to remain within the system in granting him those same presuppositions. This critique is known to concern, in large part, Kant’s inability to conceive the Radically Other as such, particularly as concerns the notion of causation. Insofar as causation belongs to the side of phenomena (being a development of space and time), its application is applicable only to elements within the manifold of representation. Yet, from the beginning, Kant speaks of noumena affecting, impinging upon, causing percepts in the perceiving subject, the characteristic of “cause” being something that is, strictly speakable, inapplicable to noumena as per the constraints of Kant’s own system. Thus, Deleuze could be seen as taking that step that Kant himself failed to take in positing a certain correspondence between noumena (the sub-representational) and phenomena (the representational). If Kant fails to account for the presence of causality on the side of noumena, Deleuze is careful to leave a partial determination for the sub-representational, for, in the dynamism (space and time), the differential relation (quality), and the singularity (quantity), the fundamental aspects of the subjective experience are supposed and founded in the real. As per this interpretation, Deleuze moves beyond Kant’s divide in changing the epistemological status of “knowledge” in its relation to the noumena-phenomena divide, even if something of its character remains.
On Thursday, Kay led a dozen students and faculty on an hour-long hike to look over Cootes Drive — Ontario’s first divided highway built in 1937 — to Lot M on the campus’s west end and to the Binkley Cemetery above the parking lot.
When you combined your first two EPs for Another Nice Pair, were any of these older songs reworked in the process of compiling the release?
“Everybody’s talking about the doubledip recession and saying they will just work longer,” Thomes said. “They don’t realize that that might not be a viable option because they may be pushed out of their job or have to deal with a sick family member or spouse.”
House music is the 360′s favourite, vibe to some of the hottest and most uplifting songs available. 360’s resident DJ at the moment is Tristans Bain, renowned for playing the old and future classics, so you know the night will be full of scene smashers to get you on the dance floor.
1.the end
Such a piece is Three English Dances, with which the orchestra would begin all its performances on its 1997 steam train tour through NSW - a journey recorded in a TV documentary. Other program favourites to be played will be the March from Carmen (Bizet), The Nutcracker Suite (Tchaikovsky), Danse Macabre (Saint-Saens) and Czardas (Monti).
I'm not the biggest sports fan on the planet. And up until a couple of years ago, I'd been on a self-inflicted sports diet for about 7 years. However, I've slowly started watching most sports again over the past couple of years, and I have to say that my casual interest, coupled with using the games as an excuse to hang out with friends and drink beer, has made my spectating experience a much happier one.
I spent about a week strategically planning and coming up with flavor combos. I settled on three different ones and set out to make the first one, containing the following components: (1) Rose Levy Beranbaum's White Velvet Cake, (2) A dulce de leche filling, (3) Chocolate ganache and fresh homemade caramel sauce coatings, and (4) Chunky sea salt for the "sprinkles." PERFECT.
The Curé was told on being appointed to Ars: there is not much love of God in that parish. That gave him something to weep over, and towards the end of his life, when his teeth were falling out and his words became unclear, all he could often do in his homilies was to shed copious tears, as he pointed to the tabernacle and repeated over and over again,
So the aim of this blog is to help you to unwind and laugh at yourselves. And if my efforts in this direction cause just one of you to loosen up and discover the inner ape struggling to get out, it will all have been worthwhile.
* Chaos at the airport. Upon arrival, it took well over 3-hours to clear immigration and get my passport stamped. I would estimate close to 1,000 passengers crammed into the small arrivals hall, each withering from the suffocating heat and mind-numbing inefficiency of immigration officials.
2010.09.06 Thailand Yala 1 0 A middle-aged woman is shot to death by Mujahid while walking home.
Now that the walk for this year is over I am going to apply what I have learned to my weight loss journey. If I can train in the heat of summer and get up at 4 a.m. on the weekends to do so, raise money, and walk 60 miles in 3 days I can do what most people consider the impossible - lose 40 or 50 more pounds! I have learned that I can do anything I set out to do! All I have to do is put my whole self into it! And I intend to do just that - the impossible really is possible when you want it bad enough!
“Yeah, I think that’s what they are. Have you seen ‘em? I’m trying to tell what kind they are. I went online to allaboutbirds.com. They had a sound clip of how they chirped and I played it, but it just freaked out my cat. You should’ve seen him, it was so funny — Tom was pawing at the speaker on my laptop, trying to get at the bird.”
April 17 - Michael Sarrazin, actor ("They Shoot Horses, Don't They?"), 70
Since that speech last June, colleagues at DataWithoutBorders have held several amazing datadives and helped #NPOs across the country put their data to work. We're starting to see how powerful this behavior can be when put into action.
I am clear about who I am..
I have spent a fair bit of time transferring projects to Scrivener and trying to make use of the different functions and layouts it has. So far it is proving useful and has been great for improving my organisational skills!
Unlike most guys that I know, I made a decission some years ago, that it was a good idea to actually go to a doctor whenever I was suffering from unexplained symptoms.
As for specific pairings, I thought the beer went particularly well with the green bean casserole. It was more of a contrasting pairing as opposed to a complimentary pairing. The fruitiness was interesting counterpoint to a dish full of green beans and mushrooms, though the caramelized onions linked up perfectly with the caramel malt flavors in the beer.
I began this blog in August trying to hide something I already knew about myself. Since losing 50lbs in 2010 I had developed a scary mentalitiy towards food, cutting back severely and then going to periods of intense binging. I started this blog to document a journey I wanted to take with my body, towards a goal that at some point I may still want to do. It is a healthy goal, but one I was using for unhealthy practices. If I do start down that path again I will be in the best shape of my life, but I need to be healthy mentally to get there. This blog now is a record of my struggles to fight the disorder that I have, or those days where I give into it. I do not want to be defined by this disorder as I fear I will fall into it with everything I have. This blog will also be my place to talk about my day, good and bad, and to get my thoughts together.
-Have fun at my wedding and don’t stress too much about the planning -Buy no more than one new item of clothing a month on average.
But when an intelligent, witty, attractive, blonde haired, blue eyed, 41 year old British geologist whose ancestor was a 17th century Irish pirate and who shares your love of photography says that's where she wants to go, whattaya gonna do? You gotta go, am I right?
D.O.C. Vin Santo del Chianti
Now put the stone right back on the stove top warming burner and cover the loaves with a large, lightweight, cotton, dishcloth. Let the dough rise a second time until it's more than doubled in size. It will fill up your baking stone. Use a very sharp, serrated knife to make 3-4 diagonal slits in the loaves before putting them into your 450° oven to bake for 25 minutes. Be sure to use a light hand when making the diagonal slits. You don't want to press down or the dough will fall.
Stone Thrower. Dwarf Infantry – S 15cm – F d8 – D d6 – A 1 – M d8 – W5 – P 8 – Special: Archery (90cm)*
Case in point being what public libraries "allow" us to read.
Wild Bill (Lloyd Ahern)
At the side bar:
Food vignettes in this book center around comfort food. Right after news of Drew's death reaches the community, a neighbor brings brownies to the family's doorstep. It's just the first of many such deliveries that will be made in the weeks and months following the accident.
Howard and Dyanne created A SCENIC WEDDING in Las Vegas. Each are independent officiants and non-denominational ordained ministers, with Dyanne herself receiving credentials including being accredited as a Professor of Comparative Religions. The business is very successful and fans from across the United States travel to Las Vegas to be married by the one and only, ILSA: SHE WOLF OF THE S.S. In addition Howard and Dyanne travel to several horror/exploitation movie conventions each year throughout the United States and Canada where their martial services are utilized in front of hundreds of ghoul/ zombie / and monster movie fans. 35 years after her infamous role in ILSA: SHE WOLF OF THE S.S, Dyanne continues to receive a great deal of fan mail yearly, and takes the time to answer every single letter that arrives in her mailbox.
RND 15: 1 hdc in each of first 6 st, 1 sc in each of next 4 st (10 stitches)
The important point to make here is that consumer expenditure has failed to recover to pre-financial crisis levels in the last two years and this not only coincides with weaker GDP growth but also higher unemployment and higher inflation. Furthermore, industrial production has failed to significantly boost GDP, slowing in recent quarters to close to zero growth as the effects of the initial stimulus have worn away despite the drop in the value of sterling.
‘So, young man, brought your fez? No, thought not. No point telling you to hold onto your hat then!’ The Doctor began racing around the console of the Tardis, pulling on levers; his gangly legs kicking out all over the place as he went. Ollie’s brain tried to say ‘Er, ‘scuse me, what’s going on?’ but his mouth had lost its way and just opened and shut itself, like a goldfish. His mother was a storm trooper and he was on the Tardis. Ollie began to think taking notice of the use-by date on jars of fish paste might be an idea. Especially if they came from his dotty aunt’s Yellow Stone Super Volcano Emergency stash.
In the Beginning by Katie Klein, author of Cross My Heart: Seth is falling hard for Genesis Green, but the guardian angel is determined not to interfere, until an accident changes the course of their lives forever. (A short prequel to The Guardian.)
1/2 tsp dried parsley
OK, here is my beef... they killed off the #15 wheat beer, and then they release this as a seasonal... really? This beer needs to be around all year long. I can honestly say if it was there would be one in my fridge at all times. This is now in my top 5 wheats now, and will be very sad once I see it go. I would just go buy a case of this fantastic brew... bit who am I kidding? I will just drink it all in a couple weeks time if I do. Schlafly, good job. But you should really reconsider the limited nature of this brew...
You, of course, know me as Frogmama. Until recently, I’d been using the pen name for pretty much everything. But it conjures up all kinds of weird images: a small human, for example, with an enormous amphibian head. A head so large that the poor frogwoman can’t stand up without falling over. That bothers me. One can’t parent if one can’t hold up one’s head.
Ok, it's your turn! Join the fun by creating your card using the sketch above, post to the web, then post your URL below using the "Add Your Link" button, or you can upload your creation to the Pieces of Me Fan Page on Facebook here.
Transactivation of EGF receptor induced by angiotensin II regulates fibronectin and TGF-beta gene expression via transcriptional and post-transcriptional mechanisms.
I have taken mental note and will be preparing for this birth by doing shots and choosing a carefully selected playlist comprised of Mozart and The Ramones and Keren Ann, minus the shots. But I did go see Hugo and The Muppets, so I figure the extra credit should cover me skipping out on the other stuff.
The biggest issue is with the nose hole itself. This is covered in the rules and is allowed for the purposes of driver cooling. This being worded into the nose cone regulations for 2009 to prevent Ferrari style slotted noses. We know the nose hole is used to blow the front wing for several reasons. Firstly Mercedes do have the nose hole, but rarely use it, instead the duct moulded into the access panels atop the chassis are normally used for driver cooling. Most of the time the nose hole is sealed up with clear tape.
I do this ........ 'thing' when I'm in the wrong, or when I've been caught out or when I know I'm in trouble.
The group suspected that Taim and his gang might be pawns for the Shadow Thieves. In order to discover who was giving the orders to Taim, the party decided to set up an ambush. They would stake out one of the hideouts and see who, if anyone, would turn up.
The records owns a flow about it, as though it were one long musical movement. It gives the album a sense of depth and adventure. It beckons the listener to not pick tracks out at random, but rather to experience this artistic imitative as a whole.
It’s a YouTube play and it was a bad day
Of course dear souls, it has been expressed that you are all the deciders and manifestors of the events set to unfold on your world, and we implore you to continue on in your thoughts of the future and in all of the wonderful things that it has for you. Of course, many of you read the websites and view the shows of many terrestrial truthseekers and whistleblowers who are directly involved in these changes and who know, even if only to an extent, just all that is happening and is set to happen on your world.
That tells me all I need to know – that there is a value in spreading the content between the two sites (which is not the same thing as duplicating entries) partly because that gets a broader spread of search variants, and partly because of the way that Google’s algorithm values cross-links. It has always been the case that different viewers can get different results from Google; the personalisation of results will increase that variety and therefore increase the value of an alternative source.
1. Illegal phone-tapping in the Newscorp empire may have been undertaken on a grand scale.
My eyes track outside. Slight breezes tickle the trees. A warm suns shines from a immaculate turquoise sky. I have no pressing obligations for the next two days. The mud from my previous walkabout have dried upon my boots. I find I am possessed of the urge to alter that circumstance.
In fact, the analysis of gnu atheism not as a position concerning reality but a symptom of something larger, an expression of a (post)modern spiritual malaise, will vault your article right up into the top intellectual ranks, all the more so if you can present this spiritual condition as the root of many contemporary problems. This lends a profound, dare I say existential, element to your writing, and people will take you very, very seriously.
November 3, 2004
But, I practiced some of the forgiveness/conflict thing that I’d been taught last week, and gave him the benefit of the doubt. I knew that he wasn’t out to get me. He wasn’t trying to dump stuff on me. He wasn’t approaching the project with that intent. Sigh. That’s what I kept telling myself. Over and over again. While biting my tongue. Hard. Now he owes me J hehehe.
So goes the traditional saying which itemises the five things a bride should have on her wedding day for luck. Historically shoes have been associated with wedding customs for centuries. Anglo Saxon husbands would hit their new wife over the head (symbolically one hopes) to establish authority, whilst the custom of tying shoes to the back of the bridal car originated in Tudor times, when a direct hit by a guest on the couple’s carriage signified good luck! The rhyme above is thought to be Victorian, and the sixpence in the shoe was to bring financial prosperity. Here is a wedding photograph of my grandparents in 1918. You can read more about this in ‘Wedding Day Delay’. The shoes she was wearing would of course have been white, and the ribbon was most likely attached by my thrifty grandmother, so that afterwards the shoes could be used for everyday wear, possibly after dyeing them a more servicable dark colour (though wouldn’t it be lovely if she dyed them red?). I don’t know whether she had a silver sixpence in her shoe, but if she did, the charm didn’t work, as all their lives my grandparents had to watch their finances very carefully.
"They're gone!" is all he hears.
The basic theme of TOTF is explained in the Background section. A weird, scientific cult called "The Brothers of the Swamp" has apparently done genetic experimentation to launch animals to the top of the food chain and supplant man. Nasty! Specifically, the cultists developed a ferocious Killer Frog. These frogs even had a sacrificial temple where screaming victims were fed to them. Another order called the "Keepers of the Frogs" tended to the beasts over the years - herding them and feeding them in vast underground catacombs. The Brothers send out secret traders to buy human slaves in exchange for fabrics and medicines. However, trade has been slow due to the swampy location of the Temple and the fact that no lawful merchants would sell slaves to evil amphibian-frog-temply guys. They eventually had to "sell out" by allowing evil bandits to trade for them. Unfortunately, the evil bandits and other riff-raff now dominate the temple.
eggs----then there were three-----I would get up at dawn
BALFOUR/KRIEL: Ex-nurse brutally raped, murdered and dumped in maize field.
"The Creators drew light from the universe, as pure and hard as any diamond. They crushed it underfoot and scattered it onto a young earth as tiny grains of sand, forging a desert without beginning or end.”
Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God,
Well...there you go. Those are few more of my goals for 2011. I will let you know throughout the year how we are doing!
Some regret, for you are not safe that is for sure, but good you are that is a fact
Internet, you've fooled me again.
93All then is full, possessing, and possess'd,
Burntwood say they offered a new agreement but negotiations have stalled. However building managers claim that Burntwood could raise the rent and price out shop owners.
So not only will America be able to buy less Canadian oil even if Keystone is eventually approved, the U.S. will also have to pay more for it because the market for oilsands crude will be more competitive.
The ReadySet is very easy to use and provides an additional income stream to the CKW, on top of enabling them to do their job delivering information to farmers and conducting surveys. With the ReadySet, the CKW can now build a side business by charging their neighbors and friends a small amount of money to recharge their phones, to run a haircutting service with electric hair clippers or enable a multitude of other micro-business opportunities that need reliable electricity. It also helps the CKWs personally, because now they can run a light bulb in their house, to enable their kids to read and do homework after the sun sets, to ensure greater security, and to reduce the use of kerosene and other fuels they typically burn for light.
* The authors did not include the Staten Island sites because they are vulnerable to looting.
Q: The process of deciding which genre to write in is rather mysterious to me. I am still genre-hopping, myself, trying to find the best fit. I've toyed with YA, fantasy, historical fiction, and that vague category known as "women's fiction." Paranormal romance is such a specific subcategory: what led you there? Is it because that's what you enjoy reading, or was it something else?
School districts expect to receive word from the California Department of Education in May. Families of students preregistered for transitional kindergarten will be contacted immediately.
Every recession, states face a budget squeeze as their tax revenue falls and demand for their services rises. They have to cut something, and higher education is often a prime target.
Heat a small amount of butter or oil in the skillet.
*I have no idea how tall you are :/ You have a well child check next week
And then it dawned on me: Satan does not want Bluebird to rise to her full potential. He wants her talented mind to become bored and find other ways to satisfy its ravenous curiosity. He wants her to become stagnant and disillusioned with her education. And he was using me and my people-pleasing tendencies to try to accomplish that end. He was playing on my anxieties over finances and throwing the cost of purchasing the next level of curriculum at me. Over and over I "heard" the sarcastic comments in my head about overbearing mothers who set unobtainable expectations for their children.
* What are your commission rates? What are your procedures and time-frames for processing and disbursing client funds? Do you keep different bank accounts separating author funds from agency revenue? What are your policies about charging clients for expenses incurred by your agency?
So as much as they had loved him, in their eyes Jesus was a failed messiah. His dying seemed to entirely rob both his teaching and even his miracles of any lasting significance.
LOL...anyone bored?
I don't want to call it Movie Tuesday, cuz that just doesn't sound as good! I guess I'll just have to try harder, and actually pay attention to the days of the week. Huh. What a concept! ;)
Thank you to Diane McNeill of Scrapbook Additions for helping me out with the paper pack and sticker sets to add to the wedding items from Tonya of Red Letter Journals in Grove City, Ohio.
Although the credit score is based on a formula that is a mystery to everyone, we do know roughly what effects your credit rating. Your credit score can range anywhere from 300 to 850 and is based on the following:
20. Yesterday - Student Rick
For the past couple of weeks we have been observing a pair of chickadees making a nest in our old dead cherry tree. They made a hole in the tree and have been hollowing it out and are now bringing in lots of beak fulls of nesting materials. The boys are loving watching them and since they both acquired good pairs of binoculars for easter they are able to observe from a distance without disturbing the birds:)
But I also received something I am excited about. I'm not really a silk-screened tee shirt type, but I saw this on Etsy and had to have it. It's an organic American Apparel tee and the printing is done with water-based inks.
One of the problems is NAFTA. It has made shipping jobs overseas very easy. A representative from your state, Dennis Kucinich, has fought against it. He has declared over and over that NAFTA needs to be trashed. Unfortunately most people in a position to get rid of NAFTA do not have the balls Dennis has.
MomSelect sent me a kit so that I could have a Hexbug party for 10 of Kyle's friends. We got some great product to keep, as did all of the guests (that's the disclosure, folks). None of my friends are involved in this aspect of social media, so they didn't get it. They didn't get why they sent me the stuff "free," and why they got to keep some of it. When I sent out the invite via email, I tried to explain it, and said, "There's nothing to buy at all. They want me to show my friends and get your opinion."
When you naturally settle into a more reasonable work mode, you look lazy by comparison. Your once impressed bosses now say: “What happened to the intensity and hard working attitude we saw before?” Had you instead taken the time to understand their expectations beforehand, you could’ve gauged those expectations and exceeded them by an amount that is both productive and sustainable. This insures that your bosses are consistently pleased by your work, you are a valuable employee, yet you don’t set yourself up for a burnout.
Two things are interesting about the chorus, one of them because of the way Green Day sing it, and the other because it brought back memories of writing Chapter 1 of my dissertation.
But when it did...according to Cyndy, Elizabeth's Mom, and her Aunt Kathleen, who has also been majorly involved in a lot of the behind the scenes communications, there has just been an enormous amount of WOW. And that is exactly the kind of word that I most often hear from the loved ones of any of the kids that pick up one of these machines and start using them.
Audio that can be synchronized with text
Since I'm still young and in college, my list of payments and bills is really short. This makes it possible to work part time and still live, but lately it's just been scraping by, which is no fun either.
I did feel my summer with some guilty pleasures like Toddlers and Tiaras and Keeping Up with the Kardashians (Don’t judge me…these “reality” shows suck you in. Just ask Lee about Jersey Shore)
sing-song.
Since sitting the exam, I’ve found that its much easier to talk about service realisation options with stakeholders and developers because you can articulate service designs quickly and easily just by referring to the patterns or the combinations patterns that are required to solve a particular service design problem.
Oh, everything’s fine. I just haven’t heard from you and I wanted to make sure you are okay.
The glee of Zionist toe-rags like Martin Bright, the Jewish Chronicle’s Political Editor and ex-Observer journalist (who was known for his close relationship to Britain’s Special Branch) goes without saying. Below are a wide variety of reactions but one thing is for certain – Jenny Tonge is held with deep affection for her principled stance on Palestine. Nick Clegg by contrast is held in contempt for dancing to the tune of the Zionist media.
Undetermined Future Posts, Part 1: Some Research Necessary
So, he did. He handed back my passport and signaled with his head to go.
Orson Bradbury came out of storage and instead of working in dust, he got a workout in the snow. Oddly, or maybe not, the temperature in Bend was a balmy 30 which was warmer than several nights up at the observatory last June where it got down to 28.
But Emery says that’s because so few of our leaders, including Premier Christy Clark, NDP Leader Adrian Dix or Green Party Leader Jane Sterk, are inspirational in any way.
Everyday things that are gifts of love include, an unexpected call from a friend or family member; seeing the little daffodil sprouts peeking up through the snow and dirt; a gift from a loved one made with her own hands; Jenny wren building her nest in a shelterd spot under an canopy in your garden; a cozy fire; a favourite piece of china; a hand embroidered vintage piece of linen; a warm lazy day; and so many more!
- Entry to this challenge can be combined with as many other challenges as you like
She brushes her teeth, needs a bath, eats meals, sleeps next to Kaelen, and even watches TV with us.
Once again, like with the other Medical Brigades, this one ran smoothly and efficiently. Check-in, triage, doctor’s “office”, pharmacy and the dental section for adults and children. And I must say, it was rather amazing to see how patient the children were, as students and GB staffers filled their mouths with trays of fluoride goo, and not see one complain or even pitch a fit.
So why don't they just say 'I didn't like the female character' and explain why? I mean, there's no problem with a reviewer not liking a female character, is there? Everyone is entitled to like or dislike a character according to their own lights. A character that one person loves may seem utterly vile to another reader, and that is a wonderful thing we should all be very happy about as individuals. How did this strange, contradictory, badly defined term come into such common use in the first place? Clearly it doesn't mean what people think it means - so why not just honestly lay out the reasons you didn't like the female character, the same way you would any other character (by which we mean, a male one) instead of throwing the term Mary-Sue like a mud-pie?
My little guy helped me with mixing the batter. We had a wonderful time together in the kitchen! And the verdict on the “healthy” muffins? My family loved them, especially my little guy. He asked for more. They were moist from the pumpkin and flavorful with dark chocolate morsels and pumpkin pie spices (cinnamon, ginger, cloves, and nutmeg). I’ve included the muffin recipe below, so if you’d like, you can make them with your li’l bees.
Terrifying, but the most wonderful thing ever.
out of the shadows
Training plans are a wonderful tool. They take the knowledge of great coach and make it available to the masses. The down side is that people often feel they have to follow the plans to the letter, and if they can’t, they are sure they are doomed to failure. It is rare that someone embarks on a 16 or 18 weeks plan and sees it through without a hiccup. The reality is that life usually butts in at some point, throwing off the schedule, making us miss runs, and consequently undermining our confidence.
You mean PROJECTS, don’t you? I’m working on a Paranormal Suspense called TERMINUS, as well as the sequels to ONCE WE WERE KINGS, and DARKROOM. It’s going to be a very busy year, but I hope it will yield some great books.
the chill wind blows
OH! I keep meaning to blog about this! The company I work for sells Dysp*rt, which is the direct competitor of Bot*x and I got to get a little facial maintenance done as a model for the training class!! Basically, I had 50ccs of the injectible placed right between my eyebrows. It barely hurt and it's fabulous!! Now, when I frown, you don't see the lines! I want to get the rest of my forehead done now but will have to pay for that out of pocket. We do get some amount of reimbursement so I'm looking into it. We also do fillers so I'm hoping the next time the training class comes in, they'll pick me to be the model to have that done. I could use a little filler around my mouth! I took this picture of myself this morning to show my hubs how I was smiling through the pain! I wish my bangs weren't in the way and you could see what I'm talking about..
Turn mixture out in the prepared tin and push firmly, flatten with the wooden spoon (or wet hands).
my consciousness. O no, I never blacked
Shimla Jalori Trek is one of the most important trek of Shimla. on way of trekking you will get the opportunity to visit the lake and an old fort, panoramic views of the beautiful peaks of Kullu and also the beautiful views of Kinnaur and Lahaul peaks. This route is open for the vehicles for almost 9 months in a year. This pass is a height of 3223 mts and it will take almost 10 days for full trekking.
Further up the roads is my own favourite, the Bowling Green - a great winter pub with its log fires, and opposite is The Millstone which was once owned by my great Auntie Annie. Further up out of town was her daughter's woolshop which looked exactly like the one in Wallace and Gromit's A Close Shave (another Wigan connection for the duo perhaps - the council are claiming they live in Wigan because of an A-Z in their latest film!)
Ever wonder what would happen if you got punched in the face by a huuuuge dragon?
I squeezed myslef
Eventually, everyone finished their eating, leaving room for words in their mouths.
This is my “getting to know you” time. The fun time when Lukas, my hero, and Grace, my uber-competent heroine, and I will learn about each other. I like this part of writing the best – when nothing is set in stone. Everything is possible. The road stretches out before us – me and my hero and heroine – full of potential, hope, promise.
We had not shouted a kind word to each other all morning.
Woah...I'm 30. And a whirlwind trip that weekend was.
Though you don’t have to see the other Marvel films to enjoy The Avengers, it does help. But don’t be afraid to dive right in even if you haven’t. The filmmakers do a very good job establishing the world and characters at the start. Needless to say, after watching The Avengers, comic book fans will be over the moon. Speaking as one, I never thought I would see this movie and now that I have I can’t wait to see it again and again and again.
Then just add a chain and you have a fun, truly unique jewelry piece!
Q.: Talk me through an average day when you’re working on a novel? Do you have a set number of words you have to write per day or do you set yourself different targets?
Ok, here we go.
When I'm not writing or reading, I'm helping the hubby with DIY projects in our home (he woodworks – I paint) or I'm lying on the beach, soaking in those delicious, pre-cancerous rays.
"Residents between Te Hapua Rd and Peka Peka beaches have complained about increased "aggressive" nudity pushing locals off their beach.
Leave it to steep for a while. Heck, go do something else, like clean off your workbench or eat some Doritos. If you're going for a specific color, check the progress every few minutes, especially if you tossed the steel wool in there. Mine was just tea and a few nails because I wanted to keep it a warm tone. I let it sit for about 15 minutes.
Granted, these people should not have been cheating. Cheating blows. I hate cheating. I hated dealing with cheating in my classroom. All the long discussions about losing gracefully and being a good sport and blah blah blah...which I totally know is beneficial but really I just wanted to say, "Cheating is a waste of time and energy and it always catches up to you, so just go sit over there and stop playing if you're going to ruin our fun." Whether it's little friends cheating at a math game to win, well, to win nothing, or adults cheating on standardized tests, I think we can all agree it's just wrong.
But either way… Once you get past the spatial dimensions, it seems that there are only 7 additional dimensions (giving a total of 10). There is nothing past the 10th dimension.
I have been deeply saddened this week, but at the same time immensely thankful for this circle of friends that rallied for him, passing on email addresses and phone numbers, to get the word out. I'm thankful I got to hear his voice, and to hear him laugh.
Chris Harris
See you in a few weeks,
You know the old saying, ‘a picture tells a thousand words’? Well, I’ve found it really helpful actually, when writing about events – made up, true – which took place hundreds of years ago.
In a medium saucepan, stir together fruit and ½ cup sugar. Heat just to the boiling point and remove from heat. Set aside.
Once in a GREAT while... it's fine to eat a piece of cake or a little ice cream... or even a sandwich... but be sure you are far enough along in your LDL lifestyle plan that you are sure you won't want to eat more and more and more after one meal... Food has powerful triggers... and it plays tricks on our minds...
Prue Leith had many cookery books published in the earlier part of her life. In the comparatively new genre of novel-writing she is very competent and the book held my interest. Perhaps she might have considered giving the sisters in questions more distinctive names – Carrie and Poppy can easily be mixed up. Carrie is not entirely likeable for most of the book, but (as in the advice given in most writing courses)she changes for the better as the book progresses.
Proverbs 29:25 But he who trusts in the LORD will be exalted.
ME: I'm so sorry. We were only expecting 20, so we only had it set for that many. I'll get right on that.
2. Aim to get eight hours of sleep a night.
Thanks so much for taking the time to stop by Wendy! Be sure and check back here on Wednesday (the 25th) to check out my full review of Sweet Evil. More information on Wendy and her books can be found here:
My only real complaint about the novel -- and it's a small one -- is that it tends to ramble and lose focus from time to time. I suspect this has to do with the fact that Ahmed wants to show off as much of his world as he can, even when it slows the pace of the building action or otherwise interferes with structure of the narrative. As I said, it's a small thing and because I so enjoyed the setting, I mostly didn't care about the unexpected pauses that pop from time to time. Indeed, some readers may welcome this respites from the relentless pacing that carries the story along once Adoulla accepts Miri's request.
Man, the cracklins were fried perfectly – cooked all the way thru but not burnt tasting on the outside. They were seasoned with a light sprinkling of salt like the old folks used to do when I was a kid. I do savor cracklins spiced up with a Cajun
A beautiful, shining love so strong
Would you believe these are the exact brand and size of my old ones! I think the GW Fairies were watching over me!
1. Charles Bronson - The Story Of My Life
On October 10, 2010 we landed at the ancient Kathmandu international airport, filled out our Visas (the guy that issued mine laughed at my photo and said "pretty"), made it through customs and fortunately found our checked bag in a sea of backpacks and duffel bags. We were greeted outside the airport by a wall of noise, a red sky and about a million people wanting to give us a ride to wherever we needed to go. We found our way to our guide and made our way through chaos to a quiet van filled with the rest of our trek mates. It was just the still before the storm that was driving through Kathmandu in rush hour traffic - I've never experienced anything like it and was too shocked to pull out my camera. But trust me, when I tell you that it was insane. But we made it to the other side of the world and at that point we didn't want to be anywhere else.
I am currently in Boston MA for a couple of events. It was a long flight--mostly because of a layover gone awry....
This was our Easter dinner. The bread bowls were bought at our local supermarket. The soup recipe came from here. The only substitutions I made was the subtraction of cilantro (husband doesn’t like it) and coriannder (price was $6 a bottle; used Emeril’s flavoring for seafood at $3 a bottle). I also used regular coconut milk bought in the oriental section of my supermarket.
To illustrate the flow of the book, I’ll give you a perfect Moment, convincingly written, an amalgam of digression and flow (which is why I have to quote all of it.):
They'll be calling in every day via satellite phone with their position and to hear the latest weather report, so I'll keep you all apprised of their progress.
After that, the meeting was technically over so I went back with my friend, Grace, to where the parents had been. My mom was talking to another mom who I recognized as being a part of a family that had sat two or three rows in front of us at the beginning of the meeting.
As I write this, it is not so much the elegant ripple of oil and water I imagine we may evolve to. No, today it is more like waves and lurches. They touch, they part, they wobble and roll. They are not in balance because I am not yet in balance.
4:15 or so Davey comes in. Thank you Lord! He has 3 bags, a cooler, a boppy, and the birth ball is still in the car. Bless his sweet heart. I'm just excited now, and by the expression on his face I know he is too. He gives me a big hug and kiss and goes to get the birth ball.
This weekend I've been trying to finish up Dreaming of Mr. Darcy, which I started last week. It's really good so far, although I've been tweeting about my thoughts on the "romance" that isn't seeming to be all that romantic. I have high hopes that it's going to get better though, since it has so many awesome Austen themes mixed in with the modern story that is set in Lyme. I love the mood of the novel and am now dying to spend a huge chunk of time in England, traveling to some of the towns mentioned in the book.
02 Bill Laswell - Sacred System Dub (6:08)
Skull: The skull looks good but is fixed in a forward facing position so no looking sideways.
I wasn't even thinking about Mitt or Newt. Honest. I try not to think about them every chance I get.
This letter reminded me that, no matter how many times I tell myself this journey is something I always wanted to do, I nevertheless undertook it as a retreat, that I gave up the life I'd built because my hands, my body, and an overwhelming depression one by one closed the doors and windows and threatened to trap me, that everything I'm running from is traveling with me.
Antique white for blending and pastel blue around the image.
3 Patterned Patterned
And that leads to some pretty typical sights when you are out and about.
Spending on cabs went up by 16% in 2008-2009 to £1,045,671, the immigration minister, Phil Woolas, said.
I say unfortunately because only the law abiding people in Australia respect the police.
Did 3 mile hike in Ringwood
Great Barrier Islands Airways operations manager Mike Maguire said passengers were not at risk but had been concerned.
I guess I'm still getting "better." It's a little more slow now, not as pronounced day to day changes. Just overall feeling "steady" and "good." And that's a good thing. And I try to remember that I'm doing this to get healthy, not to get skinny... but what's wrong with skinny? Can't I have both? And while we're at it, could we add in rich? Ha! How about fertile? LOL.
First up is Company of Heroes 2. The original Company of Heroes was released in 2006 and was brilliant, easily the finest RTS released since StarCraft (a position it retained in the face of the latter's good-but-unoriginal sequel). Two so-so expansion packs followed, but it was the game's fiercely engaging multiplayer and its ridiculously inventive mod scene that really made it a success. Eastern Front, in particular, was an amazing mod that allowed players to play as the Russians.
So here I am on a Sunday night and I’ve had a restful day which my wife let me have because I woke up and my bones ached. I rarely take anything and I took some Advil earlier today. I feel better than I did earlier and yet I considered not writing tonight. I knew I could blame it on not feeling well.
(makes 9)
And our winner this week is -
I moved three times during the writing of the book, as well as cleaning out my father’s house and selling it. There were lots of disruptions and quite a bit of lost sleep.
This column is far too short for me to describe how to go about doing this, but fortunately excellent sources of information on this topic are already in print. Let me recommend two books to you by Michael Pollan. “Omnivore’s Dilemma” is an eye-opening expose of how we came, as a society, to eat so much sugar in everything, and “In Defense of Food” spells out how to go about extricating ourselves from the unhealthy Western diet to which most of us adhere.
You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake. ~Jeanette Rankin
Military salutation of the PCCTS, Knights Templar
Internal documents earlier showed that Melson was intimately involved in overseeing the program and screened undercover videos of thousands of straw purchases of AK-47s and other high-powered rifles -- many of which ended up in the hands of Mexican drug cartel thugs, including those who murdered Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry last December. Fast and Furious weapons have been tied to at least a dozen violent crimes in America and untold bloody havoc in Mexico.
Author: Steven James
The dress was coral
And the staffs all splintered and broken.
floating on a draft
Needless to say this particular Mum lost the plot just a wee bit. After a phone consultation with her father (who you may remember was away for work), it was decided that the party would be cancelled.
Keep up with Thank You notes
I really like it here, the food is homely, well made and the puds to die for. I was really glad to hear the waitress say they have taken over the Tickell Arms in Whittlesford, which is a stones throw away from home. We'll definitely be going when it opens - they are blogging about the progress too - http://www.tickellarms.co.uk/
We took a break from Fall Fashion Week coverage to bring you our favs from the Academy Awards – and what a beauty and fashion extravaganza that was, as well as the first award show in history to spawn two body part-related Twitter accounts.
(NKJV)
Two entrants used Bugaboo images and got extra points in Lyn's scoring system, and the results are as follows:
Then came time to plan the tour, and Holly still had those emails... so this post today, featuring the characters from Tell Me a Secret who have cameos in Don't Breathe a Word... is sparked by those emails of mine, with Holly's responses mixed in.
Our theme this week is "Mother's Day!". Make a project for a special lady in your life, whether it's your mom, sister, grandmother, aunt, friend--and use her favorite color!
I know this blog is supposedly about lost treasures of the 1970′s and 1980′s….but Seinfeld is just too good to leave out!
- In Alberta a released convict is entitled to a gun and a horse to ride out of town on.
The 2009 Chardonay, Conservancy is a wonderfully expressive wine that is rich and creamy, yet fresh. Ripe tree fruit flavors of peach, pear and guava show on the nose and palate. hints of lemon, subtle herbs and brioche balance out the fruitiness, and there is a creamy and nuanced finish.
Section 24E states that it is for the supplier (ie the business) to prove that the contract term is with adaquate justification. This is the same as Clause 16(1) of the UK Unfair Contract Terms Bill 2005. Section 24F provides that a court or the Tribunal established by the 1999 Act may deal with any issue of any unfair contract term even if none of the parties has raised the matter, again similar to Clause 21 of the UK Bill.
Real Science Odyssey Life Science( COOP Class) he will participate in the hands on lab part not the notebook pages.
Brown Thrasher 2
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAA
These I resume as I chant, I see again the forms, I smell the odor,
The missing money was discovered after an audit was conducted when the Local 76C of Duluth merged with Local 29C of St. Paul.
The Red House
carols ringing in the
2) Do you have any other tattoos? If so, what do you have and where?
It appeared in a graveyard in a hit TV show.
I asked you to dance with me
Send a statement, itemising the unpaid invoices and note to say that they are overdue for payment and you will apply statutory late payment penalties if you are not paid in 7 days. Refer to the Late Payment of Commercial Debts (Interest) Act 1998 which gives you the right to do this. If after seven days they still have not paid, or have not given you a payment date you are satisfied with, issue another invoice showing the interest and late payment compensation you are claiming. As I mentioned in the last post, this is £40 for an invoice up to £1,000, £70 for an invoice of £1,000-£10,000 and £100 if the invoice is for over £10,000. Interest is 8% above Bank of England base rate (so currently not much more than the 8% penalty). There is a useful calculator online that will work out the interest due for exactly the right number of days. You have to put in various details about your invoice and the organisation that owes you money and it will tell you how much to charge.
Oh, OK then. Allsopp had two hot liquor tanks. One brewing water, the other for washing water. This wasn't unusual. Especially in a Burton brewery, where the very hard water wasn't necessarily perfect for other uses.
Body: 90-TONED-10
In fairness to the ABC, the agency had the authority to peer over homebrewers' shoulders but chose to keep its distance. The bigger sin has been the $15 fee the law demanded (though never actively pursued), which you could interpret as a tax on homebrew.
- I say: The two torture scenes and the birth scene were great for a single episode.
For the past 14-15 years, I’m been blessed to be part of a vibrant very cool family…
–My daughter’s models–
Again, most of the products are not SU. The only things are the whisper white cardstock, Pink Pirouette tafetta ribbon, pearls and Blushing Bride Pleated Satin Ribbon. I have to say I love the pleated satin ribbon. I am going to have to pull out more and make more projects with it.
Johnson argues that such experientially-based ‘image schemata’ are integral to meaning and rationality — and, of course, language. The way that language is, the way we use language, and the way that language is learned, are all structured and shaped by the fact that, as Johnson puts it, “the body is in the mind” (p. xxxviii).
Stone said, “I think what the intent of this was to look at cases like that where the localities send in their fire and rescue personnel to an accident scene and then they get some of this money back by assessing the penalty directly to the driver. You shouldn’t be able to assess a fee like this in the case of a regular traffic stop.”
“Then you can do the graveyard part without me,” I said. “I’m not going into any cemetery to get dirt, especially at midnight, and certainly not Old Cemetery. That place is dangerous. You’d break your neck in there. They wouldn’t even have to bury you because you’d already be in a chuck hole up to your eyeballs and covered with weeds. Place is creepy, too.”
Lvl 6 - damage yourself, and you roll one more die. That number is the crit level you just inflicted, on yourself.
And it was so great to dance with so many new partners; some I'd seen (but not danced with) before and some I'd never seen at all.
Isn't this the most glorious photo? it was taken yesterday of the entire student body of Chardon High School out on the football field. my heart is just bustin' buttons for all of them. Ryan is standing on the 50 yard line, at the top point where the 2 halves come together. one of his best friends is the guy wearing the white shorts; Ry is wearing black shorts.
But net-net, regardless if the deal ever happens, the fact that Revision3 is getting courted by a major cable channel is great news for the industry, great news for Revision3 and great news for those of us who have high hopes for online video.
Without going into a detailed account of our tragic settler/Aboriginal history, my bete noire then PM John Howard suddenly over one weekend it seemed, invented THE INTERVENTION into Aboriginal communities, ostensibly over child abuse. This was the same PM who in 2000 cleverly derailed a fleeting window of opportunity for meaningful reconciliation between black and white Australians when 300,000 people walked over the Sydney Harbour Bridge. He also derailed a movement towards Australia becoming a Republic.
For Sue, I did this--
1) Go see a production of Carmen on Tap (a dinner theatre performance of Bizet’s Carmen, performed at The Velvet Room)
Here are the rules for the winners (I didn't make these up, although I chose to follow them), and I am not in the business of enforcing). Take them, leave them, parse them up, whatever you please! =)
I finally picked up my Lou Brock auto. I've always wanted his autograph he was way before my time but I've always really liked to see footage and photos of him playing. I had another card in my cross hair it was a Panini Hard Signed autographed card. I am not the biggest fan of sticker autos but the fact that this card featured Cardinals Logos (unlike the Panini) and was roughly 60% cheaper. I went with this one! Very happy I did.
So last night we did. It ended up being a 2+ hour conversation. When we were preparing for it, I told my husband that he has to take the neutral side. Every story has two sides and even though she is his daughter he has to make sure she understands that marriage is work. Of course he said that is why I would be better to talk, not him. But he did anyways. With me on the other phone.
“What’s going on?” Chris pushed.
Rachel found it hard to further ignore her annoyance. "What else am I supposed to say?"
but we cleaned him up and he still wanted to play.
I don’t like myself right now so if you think it presumptious that I am sharing all of my deepest, darkest fears, thoughts and deeds with the universe like someone out there night care- pretend like I am. I am trying to act like I have an audience because I don’t want to look at my self to deep. You can try and act like I am holding private conversations with myself and you’re just nosy enough to listen. Somewhere there is a mild, gray middle ground and maybe we can both find it. (Or I’ll do it on my own cause….Amhain Me!)
1˜History
Here I am with the honorary guest Cliff McNish and my wonderful friends, Trish Phillips and Sue Hyams. Trish insisted I get in a photo. I thought I was doing a good job of avoiding being in the pictures by being in charge of the camera. LOL! Thank you Bex for taking this photo.
First, mix together your milk and lemon in a glass bowl to sit and culture for at least 10 minutes. Then in a different large mixing bowl mix together your dry ingredients and then cut in the oil and butter like you would a pie crust recipe. Lastly, add the milk mixture and stir well. It will be a bit foamy and wet when you first mix it all together. So let the batter sit for 10-15 minutes for the oats to soak up the moisture. Then these biscuits are a "drop" biscuit recipe- so you will use a 1/4 cup measuring cup to pour out and drop the batter on a parchment papered baking sheet. Then top the biscuits with a sprinkle of orange zest. This recipe will make 1 dozen large biscuits, or 18 smaller biscuits. Bake in a 350 degree oven for 18-20 minutes. Until golden brown and stiff. Pull from oven and let cool for a few minutes before moving and serving.
These operational rules are what makes D&D an exploration game rather than a combat game.
Daughter in law of Indira Gandhi,
My annual Beer Utilization and Reduction Party (BURP) was definitely fun to host, and it appears to have been a lot of fun for the attendees. I had a good line-up of homebrew, and several guests brought homemade beer and wine and some delicious potluck items. We had some darn good food to chomp on, that's for sure!
Did you buy any of these pieces from J.Crew's recent Spring rollouts? What's on your wish list?
The reason isn't hard to fathom. Even now, with late Sixties gross-out thoroughly rehabilitated (to the point of orthodoxy) the LPD's orbit of reference points is at the furthest fringe of the "acceptable". LPD's temerity has been to: a) cite not just Pink Floyd but prog rockers Amon Duul, Mafma and Soft Machine as their influences; b) attempt a rehabilitation of the concept album, compose 21 minute pieces (like "premonition 13", included here). British post-punk pigheadness can't
Buy It: You can purchase their beautiful Hanging Flower Balls for $5.00 and the hand-made Plant Picks for $2.00 on their website. All totally customized to the colors you choose!
Bye.
Love and Lust, Betrayl andanguish, envy and serenity. We are controlled by our emotions. Our relations are calculated through similarities and location. Most people we befriend in our lifetime, is situational, for example you are friends through a place like school or work. These environmental factours cause us to meet new individuals. University is a social pool, with people traveling from all over the united kingdom and Globe we can find ourselves meeting a variety of different people.
NU Online News Service, April 13, 10:34 a.m. EDT
Says Raghav Gupta, principal at management consulting firm Booz & Company, “So far, these chains have been able to attract consumers who have the income and the willingness to eat pizza. By lowering prices, they are trying to take it to the next level.”
Ok, so what now? Hmm… how about writing that story, huh? Please, the story’s begging you. It’s down on it’s knees, saying “Oh please, write me now! I might disappear!”
Reason for all the changing of positions?
Left-Hand describes TNT as a Weizen Doppelbock. Originally, I thought I was getting a Dunkelweizen, but I did recall that Molly said it was smokey. The great revelation for me was that I REALLY liked it! The Lapsang Souchong Black Tea is the source of the smoke flavor; From Wikipedia: "lapsang leaves are traditionally smoke-dried over pinewood fires". The smoke is not overwhelming, it complements the roasty malts and helps to mask the 7.2% ABV.
So what do we do?
Your tip this month - Whatever you do, do not book a ticket on that flight.
There’s more gossip! Go to the next page to find out about Mel Gibson’s latest meltdown!
We (meaning Jared and myself and Payton of course) feel good about this and think it is the best way to go.
During my dating years, I’d tell guys the REAL reason I was dumping — er, I mean, breaking up with — them.
by solar energy.
And, when we called in this morning, the nurse told us he took his first bottle this morning. Only 5 ml (so a tiny amount) but she said he did very well - paced himself, sucked strongly, and didn't have any breathing problems during or after! I can't wait to see this in person!
Own losses - Enemy losses.
When I got home I was greeted by a completely delightful vegetable soup aroma, a crock pot that is smart enough to switch itself to the “warm” setting after eight hours of bubbling away like a witches cauldron, and a concoction that actually appeared to be edible. I was hungry, so it was delicious. Would have been even better if I’d had left over meat of some kind, or the ambition to cook and chop up some sausage rounds or something, but a slice of rye bread and a piece of cheese were faster and just as filling.
I know you need so much love
$150 per shade (she said making a choking sound).
13. Russell’s nickname for the alien in Torchwood: Children Of Earth became “Smokey the space pelican”, after a kid visiting the set said that it looked like one of the birds!
For Christmas we broke out of our traditional Chili dinner and had a real Christmas meal. We had ham, dressing, mashed potatoes, corn, green beans and macaroni & cheese. We also had great friends come to eat with us along with the boyfriend and girlfriend! After the meal we loaded up and headed to the movies. We saw We Bought A Zoo. I highly recommend seeing the movie!
Let’s start with the sandwich. I’m a man who thinks that things have rules. They can (and should) be bent or even broken, but always for a good cause. Here’s a rule: pulled pork comes on white bread. Sliced loaf, roll, that part doesn’t matter, it just has to be white. The
lesson ideas, book lists, and links. Teachers can download resources
I will look back into the times
Layin’ wet on, blades of – ?
Discover how to make apple crumble with quinces.
(click posters to open)
As a child I often had bad dreams that would wake me and leave me calling out to my mom. I don’t know what was so scary in them that would cause the waking and not being able to go back to sleep. Now I feel lucky to even dream and remember them. Except for last night.
Dylan could not keep the grin off his face and cursed himself for not being cool. Frio had obviously been following him. It gave him a strange and not unpleasant feeling and brought to mind a memory of his mother. It had always just been the two of them spending most of their free time together. His dad had been busy at work and according to his mom—with his sluts. That had been fine with Dylan and even when his mom made him drive with her around town following his dad, he’d just been happy for the time with her.
This blog was a lot of fun when I was updating it, and I'd like to start again. For a while Felecia was buying my sixpacks of new microbews to get me to post again; I rode that gravytrain as long as I could. But now it's time to collect my remaining neurons and put them to use documenting their demise again.
32.19 - Robson da Silva
* 1/4 cup uncooked instant rice
“The grade Novice (a part of the system only in a preparatory sense) was left unchanged by Knigge, save for the addition of a printed communication to be put into the hands of all new recruits, advising them that the Order of the Illuminati stands over against all other forms of contemporary Freemasonry as the one type not degenerate, and as such alone able to restore the craft to its ancient splendor. (…)
Work proceeds. Yes I'm spoiled insensible with this work-from-home thing. It's also troublesome--I found myself going stir-crazy during yesterday's all day rainstorm. It was then that I realised that I'd not been outside except for very brief sorties to the chicken coop and to walk the hounds in the evenings since the last weekend. It's taking some adjusting, and I'm not the fastest learner, but I'll get there. I just need to remind myself that there's nothing really forcing me to leave the house on a daily basis, and if I don't think about it I'll end up turning milk white and blind and perhaps developing some sort of superior food-finding sensory apparatus.
7"
Okay, that’s it for this week. Happy writing to you all and don’t forget to follow your dreams!
Everyone must have thought this was the fountain of youth because most of us there had more wrinkles in ourselves than our jeans. After sass-shaying around the grounds and in and out of the “fountain” part of the party, I did feel a little better. See there? I told you. It was hot so I go me another bottle of youth and plopped down in an empty chair and just stared at all the people. Everyone seemed to feel younger than their gray hair indicated. I did. How come that is, reckon?
I am an advocate for not eating processed food, for not eating at night and for planning, counting calories by weighing and measuring. It may not be the way you want to lose, or the way you have lost...but if you are like ME, it is the only way!
Actually, his answer at any given time was/is based on fundraising and electability. Nothing has changed except his stance.
And the next time someone calls you pond scum, just tell them you take it as a compliment.
Kerry: “Food hoarding and judiciously distributing to the worthy.” Also facilitating suicide for those who want to check out.
I was many things before that ban - a sportswomen, a cleaner, a farm labourer, a sales assistant, a cafe assistant, a barmaid, a student, a writer, a journalist, a mother, a wife, a friend, a daughter, a sister, a colleague, a resident. I liked smoking. I liked many other things. People didn't ask if I was a smoker, they asked if I smoked.
So the match this time was with a savory pancake. I've never really had savory pancakes before, previous Shrove Tuesdays where usually a competition to see who could get the most golden syrup on one pancake, so this shall be a little different. The best foods I've ever matched with Imperial Stout have always been strong cheeses, rich foods, stuff like that - so I didn't really know where to start when it came to making up my own savory pancake recipe.
Leon Greco has an accident, with a brain injury as a result. A new treatment has a side effect. It increases his intelligence exponentially. So much so that he becomes of interest to the CIA, who would like him to work for them.
- Students create video lessons a la Khan Academy in all subjects
Without any shame whatsoever.
I am going.
# Sleeping off in the washroom.
1447 **D-XI/21/2002. “Property and the Constitution.” Constitutional Law Course, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2003(2), above, pp. 757-64.)
In the book, Kiriakou sought to include information about a “magic box,” which was said to be a CIA scanning device allowing the agency to track Al-Qaeda suspects in Pakistan through their mobile phones.
Hello and welcome to another new challenge here at Crafty Catz. Thank you to everyone who entered our challenge last week, we will be back with a winner soon.
PERFECT! By next week, I’m purchasing one of these for summer or maybe both. Well, I’m happy for myself that I could do things like this on my own way already. Shopping is beginning to be a hobby especially now that I’m not so busy anymore. I’ve got the whole summer to shop! However, still looking forward to earning more because I’ve got no allowance for the whole two months. That’s one of the best things about summer, right? Haha, alright. I’m being sarcastic on this. Just kidding.
I’m going to take an aside here, and describe how this could have been improved immeasurably:
Drifting from the one window without a screen
They look at me with big tasty birdfeed eyeballs and say, “Really Daddy? Will you do that?”
So onto the second sound stage and it’s the Creature Shop and Makeup and Prosthetics, where you are greeted by some of those scary Inferi and a Grindylow. You can see the head casts of all the goblins plus all of the many fantastic creatures that were created for the series. Particularly impressive
Re-issue of the hockey classic, originally published when the author was a teenager. This young adult novel has entertained thousands of young readers and appeared on many reading lists. Among its many honors:
Next I went to the bathroom (haha, to the room to organize goof!). Under the sink was a breeze. I just put a little basket under there to hold cleaning rags, sponges and gloves, right next to their cleaning products.
I was very inspired by the carrots in the market the other day – any veggie with its tops still attached spells F-R-E-S-H! So I bought some, despite their teeny-tiny size and decided the best way to cook them, was of course, my favorite way. Now, I’m a huge lover of garlic-roasting, but in the mood for change, I used fresh ginger and orange – a fabulous combo with carrots. The other cool thing about this technique and recipe is that it combines both roasting and steaming techniques. This cuts the cooking time down, meaning that we won’t destroy all of that precious beta-carotene.
Egerat autumnos; octavo rursus eosdem
Tools and Embellishments: Oval Nestabilities (Classic and Scalloped Ovals Large) Magnolia border die and swirl, eyelets, brads, flowers from Prima and WOC , burlap, pearls, wrinkled ribbon painted with distress inks, stickles and bells.
Some free e-tutorial and e-pictorial designers utilize free downloading websites where you click on the download link to download the .PDF file to your computer.
I put on my blue and white striped espadrilles and my black fur collared sweater and walked outside to talk with the moon.
And, for my part, that is more than I could
Lunch and then out to the front of the cottage to spruce up. I have been trying to make the front of the porch look oh, just so. I must admit the BIG mistake I made 30 some years ago when I pulled all the "old Ladies flowers' which were well established Hydrangeas. Enter a sob of sadness here.
The vet and his staff all came to meet me at the door when I arrived to get the drainage tubes out and were so thrilled that I was walking so well already. The one nice lady said it's a miracle! I know we have a awesome God and my mom and dad really believe it was all the prayers that pulled me through. The vet said my mom and dad did a good job taking care of me. Most of the holes where the tubes were are dried up except for this back part. The tubes are out but these aren't all done draining quite yet. Every time I try to lick back there, my mom and dad stop me and sometimes put the big plastic collar back on me.
next to the trash can where you tried to get a
What has Obama proposed? He has proposed a ban, or moratorium, on offshore drilling. Would this cost a permanent loss of tens of thousands of jobs (in fact, well over 100,000 jobs) as drilling platform operators relocate long-term to other countries? Of course it would. Would it in fact actually result in more danger to the environment, as it would entail capping and then eventually uncapping wells – the most dangerous part of the entire drilling procedure, as we should frankly all realize by now? Of course it would. Would it effectively amount to a ban on ALL American drilling, such that we were at the complete mercy of foreign oil who presumably have the basic intelligence to not undermine their own economies and their own security? Of course it would.
Since I didn't have a top that matched the shorts (oh, the horror), I had to make one. I used the Port Elizabeth pattern, which is free on burdastyle and which I have made about six times now. The fabric is some apple green broderie anglaise with flowers printed on it.
Thomas Merton (1915 – 1968)
-You ACTUALLY contemplate how much easier a minivan would be
“These are the times that try men’s souls.”
You can’t shake hands with a mingo
where the hell did you get that notion.
The taste was soooo yummy! I'm really missing Pocky and Fran here in Germany.
There are many reasons to be cynical about modern elections, but one functional benefit they provide - at least in seriously contested races - is to force incumbents to defend their practices, raise up alternative approaches, and generally provide an opportunity for public debate about the minutiae of a job that normally is never the subject of media coverage nor even public conversation. In that vein, the Austin Chronicle has an interesting back-and-forth interview/comparison with Travis County DA candidates, incumbent Rosemary Lehmberg and challenger former Court of Criminal Appeals and District Judge Charlie Baird. (See the Chron's earlier coverage of the race.) The first item on the Chron's list is of issues "Wrongful Convictions," and here I immediately fall out with the incumbent DA, who announces that:
Had several amazing evening viewings of Venus, Jupiter and Mars…. very exciting….
For the first time, at least in the present era, major political parties spoke to each other – actually sat down in the same room and had a decent conversation, not just platitudes.
She played it quick, she played it light and loose;
Did anyone in the USG have any advance information?
Besides collecting rockist-oriented fan publications, I have been known to dabble a few tootsies into the fountain of other forms of fandom that have been sprouting up like lily-livered spots across my face. Amongst the various branches of "amateur" publications that I have been purchasing over the past fifteen or so, comic book fanzines have made a big indent in my own 'zine collection. This is perhaps because the beneath/beyond the mainstream work to be found within the pages of a wide array of long-deceased amazine pubs have somehow registered with my own adolescent comic art fantasies which have produced such beloved if forgotten titles as FEEBLE FABLES and RATS REAGAN. Not that there weren't an inordinary number of "crudzines" out there featuring work that woulda made the above titles look like Steranko, but there sure were a whopping batch of characters, stories and downright decent fan artists out there who did a pretty good job approximating the previous twenty years of comic book history and distilling it into whatever they could get outta some spirit duplicator or (if very lucky) offset.
What Bethesda have done an amazing job on is making Skyrim feel like a blank canvas for your character.
The SkyHigh Trampoline’s main benefit is the 10 year warranty on the frame itself, giving your family confidence that you will be able to enjoy this outdoor play equipment for years to come. The prize not only includes the trampoline but also the safety enclosure too – making it even safer for your children.
I then brought up the next topic in our meeting. A revisit to the rules of our household.
Alison made a gracious and subtle exit from the scene to go explore the rest of Germany, leaving Alex and I at his crampy student share house. He was broke, and lived off pancakes made with wholemeal flour, and filled with melted cheese. I thought at first that was cute and tasty and tres European, but I think it was all he knew how to cook, and without my rose-coloured glasses on, it was rather tragic. When he had to go to work, I was left alone in Cologne, and it was here, in a little side alley, that I found my red Camper boots, on sale, for 70 euros. Still by far the most expensive shoe I had ever bought, but they were exactly what I wanted.
Nelson Mandela Bay is known by many names; so many in fact that its hard to keep up with all of them: The Friendly City; The Windy City, Algoa Bay, The Bay, and until 2001 it was known as Port Elizabeth.
santa brought the boy his first thomas the train set for christmas.
Isn't that cool?
along this dizzying adventure hoping to find enlightenment,
Point Presenter #3: Ally Tropsa
Males: Females do things to impress us.
Beyond the central characters - and this is one of The Last Picture Show's great strengths - Bogdanovich is able to balance his attention on a considerable number of peripheral figures, important people in the town that play into Sonny, Duane, and Jacy's stories. Sonny starts up an initially skeptical May-December affair with his football coach's wife Ruth Popper (Cloris Leachman), whose marital neglect may be the "sickness" she diagnoses herself with to Sonny. But one can sense his palpable desire to be with someone his age even when her supposed sickness vanishes from romantic ecstasy, and his sexual angst is clear whenever he stops in at the diner to speak to Genevieve (Eileen Brennan), the confident waitress. Jacy abandons Duane at the town's holiday dance to attend a nude indoor swimming party at the mansion of Bobby Sheen (Gary Brockette) - a sequence that is heart-stopping in its judicious back-and-forth of wordless glances - who seduces her with his forthright sexual taunts but ultimately denies her because she's a virgin. Being the schemer she is, her plan is to sleep with Duane so that she can subsequently woo Bobby, but when Duane loses confidence and Bobby finds a more experienced girl she resorts to her mother's lover (Clu Gulager), who defiles her swiftly in the shadowy pool hall in the film's most riveting scene.
Yes I did. I knew that my baby had Down Syndrome already when I was 13 weeks pregnant with her, and that she had some sort of chromosomal glitch (either an extra one or one missing, was our initial information) going on when I was 12 weeks pregnant with her.
Now her own protector
I inquired as to the effectiveness of the program.
Thermals in summer?
Me: Yeah, maybe a little bit.
-Ate Oreos and a slim jim. (I can't imagine being able to stomach that while running!)
Frenectomy also called Oral Frenectomy is a surgical procedure wherein a thin layer of tissue called frenulum or frenum observed on various parts of the body is removed. So far as the dental area is concerned, frenectomy is either performed inside the middle of upper lip , which is called labial frenectomy, or under the tongue, called lingual frenectomy. Frenectomy as it is a very common dental procedure in dental world and is performed both on children and adults.
So there you go. As you can see it's another busy week over here at Sewing by Annie's. I would like to say a huge thank you to all who called by here last week. I popped in to visit you all but was unable to leave comments on a couple so I'm sorry for that but I blame blogger!
Which haunt the trail
Stay Calm and Carry On! my Teacher friends. If you model and reinforce it, they will mimic you. Just be you - sometimes our kids are degraded and disrespected at home - they might not have anyone that would take the time to listen to them. Be that person - who knows what a difference you could make in their lives??
The successful marriage:
willing ever and always to lend helping hands
This fourth installment of the franchise is an obvious exercise in how movie-goers will see things that they know. While completely unnecessary, On Stranger Tides does make a solid Pirate’s movie. After all, it couldn’t get much worse from the drawn out, confusing plot of the third installment, At World’s End. The absence of Keira Knightley and Orlando Bloom does, however, hurt. The chemistry between Cruz and Depp is no match between the strange love triangle of Knightley, Bloom, and Depp. On the bright side, there was actually a new character introduced that was not completely one-dimensional. That, of course, was the missionary Phillip. The film doesn’t match the scope of the other three (The creators mentioned that they couldn’t get much bigger), but that actually helps make it feel like a separate entity out of the group, instead of blending all into one memory of boats, pirates, and rum. Supposedly, they hope to start off another trilogy with On Stranger Tides. Let’s hope this is the last time, even though it wasn’t as bad as it could have been.
I swallowed my terror and decided to join the class. Zumba was first up, and even after only three tracks, I know I’m going to love it! So fun, dancing is my thing. OK, I should say it was my thing, and Zumba is basically dancing. After Body Attack, I was done. Done.
I hope you have enjoyed reading this little snapshot of my life...thank you for visiting.
(even though I am taking a small bloggy break as my post indicated below, I was moved by this wonderful song)
Now I know you see the touch ups I need to do and have now done. What's up with getting older and your eyesight failing?
I had originally said I’d save up any charity running for Boston. But the more I’ve looked into it, those teams are hard to get on and the money required is a lot.
In brief, I have been waiting. I still am waiting. Certain things I have been waiting for have materialised, like a sum of money I had forgotten about that means I have been able to jack in my job and stop bothering people on the phone in a professional capacity. The sum of money is not a fortune, but enough to tie me over for the immediate future; just enough, I hope, to take me to the next stage of which my fingers refuse to type.
Dessert: Ribbon
Wow. It’s been forever since my last blog post. Sorry about that. We recently returned from a month long vacation to Canada. Since we typically only get to visit Canada once every two years, we decided to really make our stay worthwhile and spend several weeks there. For the first two weeks the weather was horrendous. Rain nearly every day, wind blowing sideways, cooler temperatures, however, we didn’t let it stop us, we still enjoyed ourselves, regardless of the weather. After all, we’re not afraid of the rain.
Radiation levels taken just before the UFO appeared read 3,000 milliroentgens/hour, and after the rays the readings showed 800 milliroentgens/hour. Apparently the UFO had brought down the radiation level.
A comedian told a joke in a forest but there was no one there to hear it. So was it funny?
As I reported in my first review, the trailer for Devil piqued my interest, to say the least. With a story by M. Night Shyamalan that would’ve made Hitchcock or Rod Serling proud, I was pumped to see what I hoped to be a return to form for the man who brought us The Sixth Sense and, personally more importantly, Unbreakable.
We did pray and got a whole bunch of people in our corner praying along with us. The weeks went by and there was still no miscarriage. We finally came back for the follow-up appointment at the 13 week mark. Here, the doctor cleared us because the blood that was left in the uterus had dispensed enough that he figured she would be ok.
BannerFans.com
Coffee was good, but perhaps more enticing was the selection of cakes on display. All the usual favourites, plus a Bara Brith, showing we were getting closer to Wales than we had so far on our travels around the Cathedral towns. We opted for an Orange Sponge to go with the cappuccino and this set us off nicely for the day…
Ultimately, I can't help but describe this as the best hypnagogic pop / folk record ever recorded... and possibly the only one. If that term doesn't fit your snooty criteria, just forget I called it that and download / buy the fucking record anyway. Everyone should own this one.
and into a land of dreams as sweet
V. SONG – BLOOD OF CHRIST
We haven't seen a lot of birds around our house lately. Because of that, we started today's lesson by talking about the reasons why (the trees don't have any leaves or seeds, the worms are too far underground, etc). We decided to make birdfeeders as a Christmas gift for the birds. FINALLY, a nature activity that makes sense to be doing in December!
If you're expecting and considering hiring a pro to capture your moments - DO IT. It's worth every penny.
That's all for now, here's hoping I can get my head out of my ass long enough to keep blogging.
The secret ingredient? Lemons!
The seen and the unseen,
Only heaven knows what’s meant 2 be
Anyway just imagine my excitement (I was really excited okay!) when I opened up this package today!!
Blogging has been a wonderful experience for me. The opportunity to write, to share about topics that interest me, and to connect with so many of you has been an unexpected pleasure. I want to say thank you for checking in and reading and commenting over the years.
and the importance of being cautious to
I could have been anywhere--another galaxy,
During this month, the Sixers will take on Boston twice, Chicago twice, New York twice and Miami.
8) Kill the Minimum Wage; Institute a Minimum Income
Really think about it,
3. We want to be able to leave the house every once and a while and not have to chase the chickens inside before we leave, or wonder if we remembered to close the door for the night, or have to rush back home to close the door before the raccoons, possums, and skunks start prowling.
We saw Bruno Mars, Phineas and Ferb Live,
My Email:
For this collage, I blurred a photo of rocks to use as the background, put borders on the photos, increased the caption border, and added text underneath.
Analytics123.com is dedicated to issues important to business leaders who are also passionate about analytics. Basically, any issues that would be of interest to me and others like me! If you find anything interesting and would like to know more, please email me at lin@analytics123.com.
For the ends of being and ideal grace.
Last week three famous people passed away. People pass away everyday. Death is an absolute certainty no matter what we do to try to avoid it. However, one of the deaths really affected me – Chuck Colson's. This is man who didn't always live a very “Christian” life. He was involved in one of the worst scandals to hit history which has changed politics ever since. However, he was a man that spoke about grace. Grace that he had been given. Grace that God gives freely daily. From his mistakes and from “doing time,” he worked actively in prison ministry. He advocated for those in the prison system. Making sure that that they were “fed” in the way they should be fed.
Cardstock - PTI Vintage cream and Scarlet Jewel
And after abuse from internet Manchester United fans drummed Darron Gibson off Twitter, pundits were quick to blame the Green and White Army - without a scrap of evidence. By observing tonight's boycott, Northern Ireland supporters will register a dignified protest against what they consider a serious injustice. They will also show admirable determination to avoid simmering resentments creating a potential flash-point in Dublin.
I know the basic tenet is that if you're not enjoying twitter then you're following the wrong people, and I definitely was doing that for a while there. I fell into that morbid fascination, like the early days of facebook, where I couldn't help myself reading every inane tweet, marveling at the utter crap people feel its relevant to share.
Fine drizzle mists the hilltops as it begins to descend – if descend is the right word, so fine are the droplets they swirl randomly. A brief pause to put on a waterproof, then across a field and I’m back at the river, now flowing more surreptitiously in a narrower, deeper, more sinuous channel in the shadows beneath the crowns of alders. Almost unnoticed at the edge of its flood plain, the river feels insignificant in the landscape now, whereas, in reality, it was the river that sculpted much of this landscape.
-Finding myself standing alone
If you don't know the story of how the Rockefeller arm of the GOP turned on conservative Barry Goldwater in 1964, ensuring he would lose the presidential election, it's all part of the long going story of progressivism in the Republican party that dates back to the days of Abraham Lincoln. There are many in the Republican party who detest the word conservative. They look down upon conservatives and libertarians in the Republican party, and they only use us in hopes we will vote for the lesser of two evils.
Happy Saturday and welcome back to another challenge week. Thank you to everyone who joined in on the fun last week with our Fancy Folds challenge, you certainly turned up the heat and created some fabulous cards and projects. Stay tuned for the the winners announcement on Wednesday.
Also I URGE you to try both of Marble's belgian style beers. The chocolate dubbel is utterly brilliant and I really can't get enough of it. It is quite simply as good, if not better than most of the dubbels I've ever drank, ultra complex nuttiness interplays with caramel and chocolate bitterness and Marble's signature hoppy length. The tripel is also right up there, a truly beautiful drink that's all biscuit and restrained floral notes, super body and long dry finish.
Cons: Most serious boats (the kind that stay in the water, not the kind that you move on a trailer) require constant maintenance. If I buy one I will have to put in the work and money to maintain it, even if I’m not using it. Dmitry Orlov lives on his boat, so this effort is justified. I have toddler-age children. Toddlers and water aren’t a good combination, so living aboard is not an option for me. If I don’t intend to live on the boat, and I don’t have money to throw away on maintaining a boat that I don’t live on, then some compromise may be required. A trailer sailor might be a reasonable compromise.
Giving my car a set of wings would be awesome. If I understand the solution, I think it will not just protect my car from door dings but it would teach those parking idiots how to park. Nothing is more fustrating than having another car park so close to you that you can’t get into your car. In my case, I couldn’t get out of the car. It happens to all of us. If it haven’t happened to you yet, just wait. There are alot of stupid drivers out there.
Steve and Sherry Ormond
An hour or so later, we returned and saw him at the checkout counter. The clerk was ringing up the last of a pile of tools and supplies that would fill two wheelbarrows.
Until then, O Lord
While I'm not in the mood for making cards as such, I thought I'd start decorating my pile of blank boxes. Most of these boxes are a result of mis-measuring and getting sizes wrong for the stuff that I want to put in them. Others are from when I've forgotten to cut the card for the lids bigger ( always 3mm to get a good fit ) than the bottom and having loads of half boxes waiting for other halves to be made.
“No, it’s not,” Nathaniel confirmed, looking suddenly weary. “Bert, hypothetically, and all toasters aside, do you think you could go on alone if the situation called for it?”
Jaxon now measures in around a little over 4 pounds and anywhere between 16-17" long. Our big boy is still quite the little mover! As soon as I realize I haven't felt him for a little while he'll start right back up with his dancing to remind Mommy he's still there. I felt like the past couple days I have felt him even lower than what I have before. I think he is starting to make his way down into my pelvis which accounts for most of my pelvic pain. His immune system is starting to function on it's own, but of course Mommy is still doing most of the work. And good thing too, because I've had this cold that won't go away now for over a week! I think it's starting to slowly get better though.
And sometimes that person is a stranger,
She is named for Eleanor Rigby, thus continuing our mini tradition of naming cats after Beatles' characters (our last two cats were Desmond and Molly). I am allergic to cats, so she was only supposed to be a visitor, and I was quite prepared to fall head over heels in love with her and give her away anyway.
Q: If there was a soundtrack for your book what are five songs that would be on it and how do they relate the story?
(The class broke out in laughter )
Big-hearted Chloe Camden is the queen of her universe until her best friend shreds her reputation and her school counselor axes her junior independent study project. Chloe is forced to take on a meaningful project in order to pass, and so she joins her school’s struggling radio station, where the other students don’t find her too queenly. Ostracized by her former BFs and struggling with her beloved Grams’s mental deterioration, lonely Chloe ends up hosting a call-in show that gets the station much-needed publicity and, in the end, trouble. She also befriends radio techie and loner Duncan Moore, a quiet soul with a romantic heart. On and off the air, Chloe faces her loneliness and helps others find the fun and joy in everyday life. Readers will fall in love with Chloe as she falls in love with the radio station and the misfits who call it home
In previous blogs you’ve started to grasp how chords and scales can link together and how you can start to write your own songs.
“No ms doctor. Your dada isn’t asking you to date me. he just wants you to come attend the dance.”
I got home and unloaded all but the two large ones. I needed some extra muscle from the very friendly Edwardo and Nixon, who work at the tile store next door, to move those two! And after much arranging and re-arranging– my little deserted porch is amazingly transformed into somebody’s home!
Excited to think of making him chocolate chip cookies with milk when he gets home from school one day! Until then, we'll just stick with sharing milk.
Love your enemies, means to forgive them and ask blessings for them, from deep of your heart. For sure it is not an easy thing to do. Through Christ, we can do anything. We can ask the Father to help us to forgive and in time it does happen. When we lay this issue onto His feet and we try just to re-direct our thoughts to more beneficial subjects and not to keep cooking in our mind what happened; in time we will fully forgive. As mentioned above, as we love them and asking blessings, they will stop being our enemies and we migth become even friends! Prayer has a great power!
Cute
If even the first two parts of the law pass muster with the SCOTUS, it will be a major victory for the State of Arizona, since those constitute the heart of SB 1070.
Attorney Marc J. Victor will be at UFEST 2012 today at Quail Run Park. The Law Firm of Marc J. Victor is one of the promoters of the event along with Chester’s Harley Davidson. The bands will include Godsmack, Staind, and Chevelle.
When I made this soup just now I realized that I taste it so often to get the desired flavor. I did add more salt, pepper, thickener and sweetener to mine.
Under those conditions, at a time when Capitalism was still a progressive revolutionary force, as against Feudalism, there was no potential for arguing for a working-class solution, no potential to advise a non-existent working-class to maintain its independence and fight for its own interests. Even so, would it not have been the duty, even of radical bourgeois revolutionaries, in America, to have warned of the danger of placing any faith in these external allies? Indeed, many did do so. And would not revolutionary, bourgeois democrats in France, Spain, and the Netherlands have had a duty to fight against their own feudal rulers, and their own Colonial ambitions in America?
I’ll stress again, vocational degrees are perfect for a large proportion of students. But university is one of the few times and places in your life where another type of person can explore and think about things that aren’t obviously ‘useful’: literature, films and philosophy for example – things without which the world would be a much duller place.
Mental Health Label
1/2 yeast cake: 5 hr. to rise
Even if you’re not close enough to hire Lindsay for your photography session, you can still enjoy her work. She’s offering one lucky winner the choice of a graphic state heart print or a 16x20 metallic print made from one of your digital photos.
“Someone please help me with his papers, that’s all he had, please help,” she continued.
As the coffee-shop conversation progressed, Obama turned the tables and started interviewing Kellman. He wanted to make sure that the Developing Communities Project was legitimate and serious. This wasn’t some far-left enterprise, was it? He had moved beyond that, he said. Obama turned his questioning to Chicago and what this disheveled white man could teach him. Kellman wondered what Obama knew about Chicago. Not much. Hog butcher for the world, Obama said, reciting the famous Carl Sandburg line. Not anymore—the stockyards had closed, Kellman responded. Obama mentioned the Cubs, perennial losers, and Harold Washington, the town’s new winner. He pressed Kellman for more observations about the city and the South Side neighborhoods, what was happening with the steel mills, the decline of factory work, the fraying of families and communities. The more they talked, the more it became obvious to Kellman that Obama was his man.
I just got back from a week in London, and the first thing I need to mention is how rad it is. Besides being one of the most culturally diverse and historically rich places I’ve ever visited, it has one mean food scene. Even as a discerning vegetarian you can get a tasty, non-compromising meal on almost every corner. And their take-out situation is a whole other ballgame with salad bars, healthy sandwich joints, and juice and smoothie stands all over the place. Why can’t the rest of the world get on board with this idea of wholesome “fast food”? It takes longer to stand in line at a burger joint waiting to get your nuggets deep fried, than it does to scoop organic quinoa pilaf into a to-go box. Am I right?
And with all these things in mind I started to Google that frightening word 'repatriation', and oh...that leads me on to part two ...tomorrow when I'll tell you what I found out.
Anyone else have babies obsessed with something strange like brooms and vacuums? I'd love to hear about it!
For those who are having trouble fitting their preferred tipple into the MO category I will post my personal selection of MO beers from last year to show you just how easy it is to squish any beer you can find into the MO mould. Trust me.
Spring Equinox is a time of great fertility, new growth and balance.
I'm serious about this, and I have it scheduled to start taking and sharing my "before" pics tomorrow.
He also has to be willing to walk away fairly early if the results are not favorable based on the initial things he has done to get her interest. . If I’ts not favorable, STOP, DROP and ROLL your arse away from her and to the next woman of interest! Do not pass go, do not try to collect two hundred, just keep it moving for your own sake and hers.
A "white Hispanic" forsooth. As opposed to a "mahogany Hispanic" or a "jaunty turquoise Hispanic" I suppose. What, they forgot Zimmerman's father is Jewish? He's a "white, Hispanic half-Jew!!!", surely. I say again, it is impossible to lampoon the media anymore, they will top you every single time.
On Monday, November 29th, 1982, I awoke to fog, dampness and drizzle. I remember thinking that would be just my luck. Rain on my wedding day. Plus, I still didn't even have shoes to wear. I'd been shopping but no luck because A) I have a hard foot to fit and B) I was fairly broke. "Some day this was going to be" was my only thought.
So I tell everyone now.
I think it is a known fact that Will and I are two of the loudest proponents of getting a Smith Corona "Super 5" variant for heavy usage, but this machine is almost completely different from those, in looks, feel, size, everything. The glass keys and the two tone paint make this variant seem much more elegant, even refined, as compared to the bigger, heavier "Super 5's". It's action is completely different, too. Not in a bad way, but different. Both of us can flat out BLAZE on this machine if we want to. There is no doubt in my mind that these machines, in whatever variant, are great to use frequently.
I used to.
The court distinguished the situation where litigants stipulate to “representative” claims, which are tried as a proxy for all claims in a patent. The Federal Circuit indicated that a district court has declaratory judgment jurisdiction over all claims in an asserted patent when the parties stipulate that a few claims will be “representative” for purposes of the litigation. See Scanner Technologies Corp. v. ICOS Vision Systems Corp., 528 F.3d 1365, 1382-83 (Fed. Cir. 2008)(stipulation to representative claims does not limit court’s jurisdiction to hold all claims in patent invalid). In the present case, however, Streck formally limited its infringement contentions to specific claims in the patent-in-suit. Furthermore, R&DS failed to show that an actual controversy
consistently posted a loss to it’s shareholders in the last three
All I could see was foliage.
that music
However, eugenics — positive or negative — has nothing to do with the KIPP program.
2 summer's
In any case, the shortlisted six are:
5-1-2012
Thanks for reading, by Kian Fai.
I’ll be honest. When Daisy was first cast in my short film Thirsty, I had my doubts. What I wanted was someone dark and intense, an outcast able to to make one feel uncomfortable with a single look. I knew Daisy vaguely, and she always struck me as someone too light hearted to be as spiteful and mean spirited as I imagined Jade, the films main character, to be.
"Very little is perfect the first time..."
I needn’t have worried. The competitor’s staff showed up late, set up after the show began, then sat behind a table and chatted on cell phones. At the close of the event (they tore down early), we talked. They felt the show was a waste of time as they had not made meaningful contacts. They blamed the organizers. I didn’t tell them I’d had a great event including interaction with current customers and a pocket full of new business cards.
This is one of the peculiarities of our times. The nation upon which abasement and humiliation was inflicted, and which drew the wrath of Allah – the people most covetous of life – we have become their victims. The cowards have grown bold in their attitude towards us, the weak and humiliated have grown strong in their dealings with us. The small birds in our land have turned into eagles, and the sheep have turned into wolves that devour us. What has befallen our nation?!
a star hanging over my head
and finally....
As to what happens when I am in the office that I share with some five or six others? I sit in my corner and go through boxes of submissions. I note the well-known and look to see outstanding work from the lesser known and unknown. Finding such things is one of the greatest pleasures an editor can have. It takes no particular editorial skill to choose that which has often been chosen, though reputations are built on substantial foundations and must be respected. All the same, I hope to be impressed by the unknown. After, all the winner of last years Poetry Society Competition, Paul Adrian, hadn't published anything till then.
05. Barres Russes
Go Packers Go!!!
Thank you again, Matt and Tig, for a very enjoyable day.
Up next… Jubilee is Salvation.
that no mother should have to endure.
*warning: take mega-dose of vitamin C before reading
NOTE: Remember, having Un-restricted Private Label Rights means
We have copies of these cashiers orders and the flow chart further confirms our information that Chia presented these bank orders to Chua, who opened the new account A/C 231026 at his new employers, the Swiss bank UBS in June 2006.
- Entrepreneurship! Encore Careers and Personalized Business Models
I have a few things to share. Nothing spectacular...
15 Your Eyes *
It should be understood definitely that this kind of doctrine is not only not advocated by the authorities of the Church, but also is condemned by them as wickedness in the sight of the Lord.
I walk in the house and give a tentative "Hello?", but by now am suspecting that Justin's twin was in fact Justin. Call me Sherlock.
Instant messaging client
This holiday season I kept thinking about the kids left celebrating in the shelters across the world. I thought about this other little girl, she is 3 now, does she have a family? Did she get to open presents with a mom and dad? I thought about LB, what if things hadn't worked out like they did, what if we had kept little man or sweet pea for another month, where would she be? would she be in the shelter? I will not ever know the answer to any of these questions, but I am thankful that this is the road that was chosen for us.
And now, today's small stone for day twenty:
Meg Ryan's Bedroom
Green Tara
Those who try to cloud our minds with fear are the enemies of both knowledge and freedom.
Again, veterans might be asking what this means for the series’ Heat gauge. In previous games, you wailed on enemies long enough to fill a meter and pull off super-finishers. Like you might expect, killing zombies fills in a similar meter that unlocks Heat Sniping, a name that’s subject to change. This is a devastating attack that takes out multiple ghouls. The example I saw had a crew of zombies surround a vehicle and Mr. A shoot the gas tank via Heat Sniper to level the zombie squad. Just like the melee Heat moves, a quicktime event popped up for maximum destruction and to ensure the bullet stayed on target.
I simmered the pheasants, in this delectable sauce, for about 40 minutes on a low gas on top of the stove.
By the way, if you’re a suit and were made to carry out some menial and humiliating task, please share your pain. Stick it in the comments section so we can all have a good laugh.
Score:3/5
I'm beyond excited to go and am secretly hoping that Dia Frampton will open for him, even though it's highly unlikely.
Having obtained an image, how do you create the header, button, blog graphic that you need? You might want to add text on top or crop it or turn it into a particular shape.
This article and what this young woman did really makes me proud.
I also have a question to those Brave fans that had been to such events or any fans of bigger name players like Chipper. How were the lines? Is three hours enough time?
The great pity is that the Scots reputation for being close with the bawbees has not entered Costa Rican culture, so the explanations were necessarily longer than in cultures where you could just say you were Scots and that would be an end to the matter.
I'm feeling my inner humbug stir.
Not that I ever imagined such a thing. Before I found out how nuts he was, I wanted Howard Hughes to be my real father. His representative would show up at our door and deem me worthy of being the wealthy man's daughter. Daddy Howard would arrive and swoop me up and carry me off in a private plane while I waved a happy goodbye to the obnoxious strangers who had pretended to be my parents.
“Darwin’s Mistake (Harper‘s, February 1976): “Darwin’s theory, I believe, is on the verge of collapse. Natural selection was quietly abandoned, even by his most ardent supporters, some years ago.” http://www.stephenjaygould.org/library/gould_tautology.html
RAND is also home to the Frederick S. Pardee RAND Graduate School, one of the original graduate programs in public policy and the first to offer a Ph.D. The program aims to have practical value in that students work alongside RAND analysts on real-world problems. The campus is at RAND’s Santa Monica research facility. The Pardee RAND School is the world’s largest Ph.D.-granting program in policy analysis.
Epic can also mean “heroic; majestic; and impressively great.
Court Testimony: As a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist, I do not provide services in contemplation of legal proceedings. It is my policy not to become involved in any court proceedings including child custody evaluations. In the event that you choose to subpoena me to appear at and/or testify in court, and/or a deposition, regardless of the nature of the case, you agree to pay a flat non-refundable fee of $360.00 at the time the subpoena is served, which secures my commitment for a halfday. Additional required court time will be billed at $90.00 per hour. The time that I spend preparing, copying and mailing documents including records, letters and reports will be billed at $90.00 per hour.
My homemade muesli
The HRC has been previously attacked by Cosatu leader Zwelinzima Vavi who called it “liberal” and “yesterday’s guardian of human rights”.
having seen a similar idea in a magazine and popping
My dad forwarded me an email today. Apparently all members of the VFW (which I am not) are now guaranteed dental insurance.
Seconds Away, Round One – The Big Fight – The Kindle Versus the Book
Unlike the other windows whose hurtful words were out of view, those were directly across the courtyard and full in the view of Morgan’s father. His own eyes lighting upon them he squinted to read their distant letters. Hand clenched tight their grip on coffee mug. Sudden anger sparked out of nowhere to bloom with sharp intake of breath into full blown cold shaking rage. “What the fuck?!” he seethed through clenched and grinding teeth under narrowed glare. Small end table beside his window shook with the slam of mug quite more than just set upon its surface. Furious enough to disregard the bulk of reasons that kept him inside just to watch, he strode quick and purposeful toward and out his apartment’s door with quick grab and slap of filter mask to his face. Feet moved even quicker down the hall toward courtyard doors. All the anger fumed and grew with every step, the tirade he already imagined clear and sharp in his mind as he burst through them to step outside. He ignored the tears of his daughter to favor at least verbal attack of their cause, even though instinct already urged clenched fists and the need to use them.
Dark and beautiful like the night
Colleen, who graduated from Johnson & Wales in baking and pastry arts, started the company in January by selling online (www.myspace.com/stickyfingerscupcakes). She got plenty of help from friends and family, who were all too willing tasters as she developed recipes. They were a bit hit, and what Colleen thought would be a weekend business has expanded into a full-time job, with a new store inside Amate tea lounge.
At the zoo, Harry talks to the boa constrictor and manages to release it using magic. That same magic causes Dudley to fall into the snake’s cage. Even though he didn’t mean to or know exactly what he was doing, he violated his uncle’s warning.
It will be a new environmentally friendly addition to the existing Residence Palace, built in the 1920s to houses luxury apartments for officials, commercial offices, a private theatre, swimming pool and restaurants.
Happy Valentine's Day!!!!
Skill trees for NEStalgia are officially out! Decided to share a few neat builds I have found so far so people may use them or build upon! Feel free to suggest a few of your own as well. I do not claim these to be "perfect" builds, these are just what work for me (or for others in terms of other people's builds).
I meet them now and then since not only I get chance to be with three lil girls but also with other blue eyed cute Finnish boys, families own kids. Most of the time, I hear their stories, though I don't understand, play toys or just run up and down! My evening with them are so relaxing and enjoyable. Last summer (yes pretty old recipe I say which was resting in hard disk, had to come out finally) for a evening with one of those kids, made apricot white chocolate shortbread, thinking she would like it. I was wrong!
use half of the remaining dough to form a rim.
Here's what happens when you try and vacuum up styrofoam peanuts, Mr. Dyson. The peanuts get sucked into the vacuum's spinning rotors, each one disintegrates into roughly 253 peanut pieces, and then they get spit out. I watched this process in silent horror and fascination, sipping my wine, thinking Christmas is in two days and thank goodness we've been invited out.
Happy Earth Day (also my husband's birthday)!
To demonstrate how difficult it had been to clean the mirror, she asked the maintenance man to show the girls how much effort was required. He took out a long-handled squeegee dipped it in the toilet, and cleaned the mirror with it. Since then, there have been no lip prints on the mirror.
If we can get around to the fact that Matzah as the bread component essentially sucks, then we have to simply rely on the fact that it is a launch vehicle for the topping. Therefore, it is important that we center upon the actual flavor of the sauce than the “crust” itself.
Mind you, this is only the very beginning stages of writing this novel. I am going to try and implement some of the strategies I have learned over the last year. So far this is what I’ve done and this is the order in which it has occurred.
Suffice it to say that so far I am really happy! Oh, and I also wanted to mention something I noticed. Hubby was washing his hair with regular shampoo and conditioner last weekend, and the smell was so overpowering to me that I thought I might pass out. You don't realize how chemical-ly shampoo and conditioner smell until you stop using them.
But much later “my Di.”
In recent years, a few states have cracked down on this type of misrepresentation, either prohibiting use of the term “immigration consultant” or restricting its to only certain, qualified people. Nevertheless, in most states the term remains unregulated, meaning foreign nationals are still at risk of unwittingly relying on the wrong person for help.
Now don't forget to stamp, follow the birthday theme, leave some comments (remember if you're only entering the comment candy, you need to be a follower or display our badge on your blog) & HAVE FUN!! Thanks for playing along with us.
A hi-tech chip allows a phone to 'see through' walls, wood and plastics - and (although the researchers are coy about this) through fabrics such as clothing.
Since you already know the story of me running like a headless chicken, cooking only once or twice a week, spending time with my handsome 1.7 MV pelletron at work for 16-18 hrs and stay like a dead log next day, leaves me unable to generate anything decent to present here. On other hand leaving this virtual place unattended thro which, I got connected virtually with beautiful people around the world, left me pondering. There is no life when I live my days without human connections.
All of us are at some stage on the road to eternity. As believers we are assured of it. There are some who are content to remain at the starting point; content to live as they have been living all their life. Such a person truly is not even trying to fulfil God’s eternal purpose. Then there are those who haven’t even started out on that journey to heaven. They have rejected the idea that all are sinners even though Romans 3:23clearly states that “all have sinned and come short of the glory of God.” Having rejected that God-given fact, they also reject Romans 6:23, where it says, “The wages of sin is death but the gift of God is eternal life.”
“Part of that is the reason that is some of those groups wouldn’t even come to the table if they feel that what they say to us or even that we’re talking to them will go public or will be shared with other federal agencies. Some of these groups aren’t very trusting of federal agencies,” Harris said.
A student of mine made the observation that it seems, in the Pagan community as a whole, 3rd degree is given when you get to be too much trouble. When it’s easier on everyone to get you to leave than to let you to stay and disrupt the group. Is 3rd degree essentially a pat on the back, a rank of sovereignty, clergy with the traditional rituals and a boot out the door? I had to agree that this is often the most compelling reason for 3rd degree to be given.
S: “Hold on, I wrote it down for you…”
Austria: 19 caps 14 goals
Death of a Tune
The construction did not proceed without incident, though. In January 1886 some workmen were trying to hoist a stone column into position on the fourth floor exterior. This required moving a derrick around, but unfortunately, one workman failed to do his job correctly, a guy rope slipped, and the derrick and some heavy cables came down, ripping down all the telephone wires on Sixth Street, crashing through a barbershop awning, seriously damaging the south wall of the hotel, and killing one horse and injuring another. (Presumably the workman who started all this later got a job working for the State.)
Perhaps I should just give in and order salad?
I shopped for most of my family there and it was all tax-free. I was even able to bargain with the shop workers to give me lower prices. Something told me that they would accept a little bit less better than nothing at all. I was victorious LOL!
This past April, Keith was doing some research for something his company was going to start implementing, and ran across a blog that listed companies that were hiring. One of them happened to be a very well known company. Keith clicked on it, and it listed it's location as Santa Monica, CA. Interesting. So he clicked again, and the qualifications needed was his "exact" skill set. Interesting. He applied and sent his resume thinking that nothing would happen of it. He expected a "thank you but we're only looking at local candidates" type of response.
I’m sure the brewers are watching the situation closely, but there seems to be a strange kind of ossification in this segment of the market, whereby established products continue to be brewed, but there is a total avoidance of any kind of product innovation – or indeed any advertising or promotion. Presumably they fear that, if they did so, the Daily Mail would be screaming down their necks. Yet the cask and premium bottled ale sectors seem to happily sail on under the radar, with a number of new launches of higher-strength beers like Old Crafty Hen and Pedigree VSOP.
My dog had jumped up between the two of us so that we kissed her instead of each other.
My sister found me in November 2009. But because she was living in the States and I am living in Europe, it has made it impossible for us to meet. This is pretty frustrating, looking for your birth family for 14 years then being found but not able to meet yet because of the ocean between us and the high fuel prices making ticket prices incredibly expensive. Whom should I thank for that? But we still fabricated a strong relationship by emailing, Skype and BBM as I do with my birth-parents. Unfortunately you can’t see each other’s facial expressions, or mannerisms. Most importantly, you can’t hold each other.
There's a ruddy great fountain there now, under wraps still, so it's hard to tell if the refurbishment has been worth it. One councillor is also saying the whole project cost £4m instead of £3m and is wondering why it looks nothing like Option 1. The council has agreed to hold an inquiry to discuss his points.
A typical office visit to a naturopath takes about an hour. During the first visit, the doctor will ask detailed questions about the patient’s symptoms, lifestyle, history of illness, and state of his or her emotions. The naturopath will take a complete medical history, and may order lab tests such as urine and blood tests.
I have an IFB in my ear- which is basically a little ear piece that allows me to hear the anchor and the producers.
1. What am I learning from this situation?
It warms the heart to know that such highly ethical people have no problems with being involved in hosting an organization that funds an unrepentant terror group.
Six months of heat and dryness does work on the body in hard, tangible ways. Welcomed, new rains bring moisture to the skin and the lungs, healing. This extreme newness, however, will stay. An equal balance to the dryness, the wet will remain an equal duration. It, in turn, will work upon my body, my mind, until my-one-time-savior will become my-heaviest-oppressor, and in such I will beg my previous oppressor–the dry heat–to return, to save me.
Enjoy the episode! Please, ask questions if you have them. I’ll do my best to answer them!!!
Never gets tired. Never gets old.
As always, I’ll give it to y'all straight. Despite the enticing synopsis describing Cold Fury as Jason Bourne meets The Sopranos, this book ain’t all that and a bag of chips. In actuality, it’s just a bag of chips—the kind that appears to be stuffed with yummy goodness, but once opened reveals itself to be filled with a whole lot of air…not to mention false promise & crushing disappointment. That’s not to say that Cold Fury didn’t have some goodness inside of it because it did, but there was just not enough of that goodness to offset the book’s multiple missteps & shortcomings and to make it a satisfying read.
To SUNY all of Brooklyn is apparently the same neighborhood.
The second consideration is to use highly fermentable grains, that is, grains with abundant starch content that can be fully converted and fully attenuated by the yeast. Likewise, fermentation is given another starting boost by highly oxygenating the wort once the yeast has been pitched, generally by agitation or even bubbling pure oxygen through the liquid.
greater than 45° with respect to a lateral axis) ;
Tunku Aziz joined DAP in August 2008 – five months after the nation’s March 8 general election political tsunami that saw the Pakatan Rakyat opposition making significant gains, winning five states, including Selangor and Penang.
Whisk together for one minute and then quickly add the milk.
According to this, it is all about "disagreements within the parish concerning how some matters are handled" and is therefore about "matters of church order and authority during an interregnum."
Her figure was actually a little boyish, but add to that her extreme femininity and, in my view, Audrey Hepburn was the perfect package of imperfections.
Our fabulous sketch for this challenge was designed by Sue and I loved using it. I had a special card to make for my Aunt's birthday and I was so pleased with how it came together with this sketch, I hope she will be too. This is an 8"x8" card so lots of space to fill, which was a bit scary after not crafting for so long!
“Tweet Tweet went the bird.” – When Twitter killed the RSS Feed.
Stephen Sondheim writing his description of Follies in Finishing the Hat
And then this brings up a question I’ve always wondered about: Why in the hell do family members bring obese bed-ridden loved ones buckets of fried chicken, potato chips, pancakes and cookie cakes?
The Queen with the Wobbly Bottom Phillip Gwynne & Bruce Whatley (Little Hare)
For the sake of love, he listened to her.
The coolest thing about the churches is that they are all carved top-down. So, the tops of the churches are at ground level. There are lots of underground tunnels connecting the churches to each other.
Me: (finally remembering the emails from the teacher).. Rainforest!
I’ve always been fascinated by people who are so thoroughly evil that you want to disavow them from the human race. I completely understand the impulse. I don’t want to claim Jack the Ripper or Hitler as having any similarities to me, even on a level as basic as species. What they did was so horrible that you want to run away, screaming, while pointing a finger and condemning them to the worst parts of Hades, but the truth is that they were human beings who were capable of truly catastrophic evil. To deny their humanity is to fail to understand how humans can become these monsters. Petrucha does a remarkable job of weaving this idea into the story. It’s rare to have an evil character in a book who is anything beyond one dimensional, but through Young’s persistent research, the character of Jack the Ripper is honed into a three dimensional being. Still not a three dimensional being I’d like to meet, but oddly slightly less scary that the real life Ripper, since some of the veil is cut away.
Then a Captain Lovett built a great wooden tower on the rock, designed by an engineer called Rudyard. This lasted almost fifty years before the lantern house caught fire, and the keepers were unable to save it.
And StampingScrapping are offering a lucky winner a Magnolia stamp of their choice plus a surprise package to the value of $30 that the winner will love!!
and so the fear has no power- I can just be with that fear, in the
The Enfield Gazette and Advertiser have for many years provided in depth analysis, scrutiny and led campaigns on behalf of the public. They have quite rightly held public figures and institutions to account and it is hard to imagine how one reporter who is writing for three different papers at the same time will have the time to do this. The danger is that your newspapers’ stories will in future, due to lack of staffing, comprise mainly of rewritten press releases which will we be hard to check and which will then taken as fact and result in churnalsim. We will not tolerate churnalism as an alternative to quality journalism in Enfield!
Cool side slits, but I'll probably still cut it off.
They're sh*t and we can't be bothered"
As stories in a best-of-the-year volume ought to be.
See ya'! Hope you have a great week!
Once we return to London we will have accommodation with Kira or at her friend’s places. We met them tonight, nice people.
In a frying pan over medium-high heat, warm the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Saute the sausage until cooked through, about 3 minutes. Note that it will take longer (about 10 minutes) if you are browning a whole package of sausage as I did. Stir in the tomato sauce and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 5 minutes.
By reaching the level of Regional Director or higher, ViSalus Promoters can qualify for the exclusive Bimmer Club and become eligible for a monthly BMW bonus that goes toward your very own ViSalus-branded Black, Titanium Silver,
Materials used: rubber stamps (Pink Persimmon), ink, seam binding, button, twine, silver tinsel trim, ticket, stitching, watercolors, clear gem, designer papers, cardstock, pearls, mini tag, and two tiny flowers sprinkled with happiness (fairy dust glitter).
(exactly 200 words)
When the juice reaches the third vat, it boils and starts to change color. The workers monitor the changes and when it is ready, the use a large scoop to transfer it to next vat through another filter. It goes through a few more vats until the end when it has changed from a watery gray to the final desired thick caramel texture and color.
headline, it not registering one way or the other, and moving on to a more interesting story.
Finally she gave up on me. "We'll try again some other time..." she told me. I asked her later, when I was picking out frames if she was going to try again. "No, 'some other time' means like next year." She replied airily.
It had been a relatively quiet and uneventful day for Deputy Sheriff Cletus A. VanMeter--an unassuming fellow of impeccable character ... unquestionable integrity ... and unwavering sobriety ... as he sat poised for action in a big V8-powered patrol car parked clandestinely behind the familiar Sunbeam Bread billboard which stood adjacent to the main drag ... the only sounds to be heard were an occasional motor vehicle passing by, and numerous and frequent gunshots boom! boom! echoing from amongst the distant hills ... quite possibly emanating from the general direction of Grandpa & Grandma DooLittle's place ... now it was well-known around those parts that Grandpa DooLittle only fired off his worthy Stevensen shotgun in order to bag a critter for supper ... or to scare off some pestiferous troublemaker ... or maybe even a slithering revenuer now and again ... none of which required more than a single shot ... two at the most ... so considering the relentless fusillade, Deputy Cletus figured it prudent to respond forthwith to ascertain the welfare and status of one Grandpa DooLittle.
removal, already know they are leaving.
It is abit like making a stick of seaside rock but with the added tension of having to do the work in a flame!! When you chop it up you have the same image or pattern in the chopped pieces which are called Murrine.
The stacks of more work that "they" seemed to get done went by the wayside when the oldest said, "Wow, it looks like you accomplished a lot."
2)I was thankful for the dark denim maternity jeans I was wearing because even though I was soaked, I repeat soaked from waist to ankle you couldn't really see it in the dim light
Pour mixture over chops.
Our approach is interdisciplinary, drawing from international law and political science, and multi-level, examining the recursive interaction of domestic and international law and politics over time. We start by inquiring why the US and EU systems for risk regulation are so different in this area, then examine failed efforts to bridge these differences through transgovernmental networks and various multilateral regimes, and finally investigate how international law developments in these fragmented regimes have fed back into domestic legal systems in the US and EU as well as in emerging economies such as China, India and Brazil, affecting the future of genetically modified crops and foods. Our central arguments can be boiled down to five key points.
Adam Emmott
Could it be? Could someone have just (gasp!) skimmed my blog?! And here I thought everyone read every word I wrote. Oh, I'm crushed. Now go back and reread THAT POST. NOW!
Update #2: As of Sunday morning, I'm on page 161 of The White Queen.
So she thought.
Readings for Wednesday, May 2, designated by the 1979 Book of Common Prayer: Exod. 34:1-17; 1 Thess. 2:1-12; Matt. 5:17-20; Psalms 49, 53, 119:49-72
If mixture is thin, add more cornstarch, or thicken with instant potatoes.
Touch me baby, tainted love, touch me baby, tainted love
And let me know what you think.
Anyway, after our cabinets went in, it was time for our tile to be installed. After two days, it looked a little something like this:
When I was in college, my best friend warned me not to hook up with this guy we'll call "Keith" because, as best as I can recall, I've never actually hooked up with anyone named Keith.
After the store attack Don and his wife tightened their security precautions. “Where I go, I carry my FN. My wife always carries a pistol. It’s damned nuisance, but necessary if we’re to stay alive. We used to love riding the motorbike around the farm. But not now. It’s too dangerous. It’s too vulnerable to an ambush.”
I'm kind of a cake snob.
We set out to visit the 3 parlors Bob knew of in pahrump. It's alot of fun going anywhere with these guys (we made a trip to Vegas on saturday to buy ammo, but that's another blog post) because it's takes a bit of choreography to get 3 humans and their 3 dogs into the rondyvan. The dogs particularly do a bit of circling and jockying for a spot, but they have established a comfortable pack relationship here in the desert, so it works out well.
See ya for now!
Double indemnity is the only way to go. A finding against the plaintiffs with a levy of twice the court costs would send an unambiguous message and discourage further probing.
So, it's a lot of work. The home is beautiful and move-in ready, but what we decided was that really we had been sucked in by the price and that gorgeous kitchen. It was making us look past things that really are deal-breakers: that is, a lack of bathrooms, goofy layout, a messy yard, and no views whatsoever (lending to a closed-in feel).
After discussing the practical difficulties in translation, as each language has some etymological nuances that cannot be exactly translated, he explained the importance of translation with the following examples:
Step 4: Now you can begin to fill in the middle of the arrangement. This when you get to place the fun flowers. I chose pink and white tulips and white stock. They have some height and the tuips can droop so they are great for adding some shape.
And give yourself to the
The score is epically, irresistibly and wonderfully French. This is an uplifting movie that has that unique ability to deeply touch everyone—no matter the age or background.
And with a casual reply
Craig defends premise (2) with at least four different arguments. Two of which are a priori and based on paradoxes that would arise if the set of past events was actually infinite; and two of which are a posteriori and based on aspects of contemporary physics (namely, Big Bang theory and the second law of thermodynamics). Craig’s defence of this principle is certainly complex and, one has to say, philosophically impressive. Still, there are plenty of replies to his arguments in the philosophical literature some of which are equally impressive (e.g. those found in the work of Graham Oppy or Quentin Smith).
I could fix my mind on my mission. I could write a list of plans and ideas that would be worthy to achieve. Yet I've discovered a better way.
Saturday should have been a fun family adventure day, but as is often the case, when we venture out of doors nothing seems to go right. I signed Fry up for a little sing along story time at the huge public library in Troyes Saturday morning. It was only 25 minutes and for small babies/children aged 0-3. Fry was one of the oldest ones there and was his typical rambunctious self. Oh god, I've turned into THAT mom. The one that can't control her child so the others can enjoy the show. As soon as the ladies picked up a guitar, Fry was mesmerized, but when they went back to story telling, it turned into The Fry Show and he chattered along with them. I'm hoping it wasn't as bad as I'm making it out to be, and even one of the ladies told me that they're used to it with this age range, but I wanted to crawl under a pile of books and die. On the other hand, the early readers' section of the library is really lovely, with loads of cushions and baby books, so maybe we'll go back some time when we have nothing else going on.
He also said the Energy Department stands to get back about 70 percent of what it was owed, a far better return compared with Solyndra, where taxpayers aren't expected to recover anywhere near as high a percentage of their roughly half-billion-dollar investment.
Football:
Then the Evil Arguing ensued. Eldest Female Spawn touched Spawn #3 and then Spawn #4. Did I mention they are shoved in the back of Evil Hubby’s compact car? Shoulder to car seated Shoulder? Two backed boosters and one unbacked booster (my spawn are short and will most likely be in boosters for their natural lives!)
Okay, we bought one of those “smokeless ashtrays” at a yard sale awhile back (estimation: 25 cents in 2002). It has a motor which sucks the smoke into it. You can smell the stench of smokers back in the built-in filter.
Human rights groups accused President Robert Mugabe of unleashing a systematic campaign of violence on opposition supporters after his Zanu-PF lost control of Parliament to the Movement for Democratic Change in elections in March 2008.
Now, you may be wondering - especially in these financially tought times - how each community can afford to enter this competition year after year – with the cost of the crosses and the uncertainty of winning a monetary prize – well it´s simple really! Located beside each cross is a marquee which offers food and drink typical to this region in order to raise money for the following year. What better way to raise money than through the consumption of food and alcohol?!
He stepped back, then lowered the bridge.
4. DONATE OR SELL THE THINGS YOU DON’T USE.
To paraphrase Marcus Aurelius, who will remember anyone living now, in ten thousand years? Who will remember you in 100 years when all your friends have made the last hurrah and joined the golden hordes?
06/12/1974
This rather reminds me of the prodigal son, the Lord mentioned in one of His parables. He forsook his family, father included, and went into the world to be his own boss and partake in riotous living. Naturally, he made a mess of things as did Onesimus.
Vanguard 5.0%, 45 min. 1.0 oz.
网络的世界，隐姓埋名
It is the story of a dhaba owner who mistakes the platonic hugs of a french tourist lady as a genuine love for himself and is devastated to learn that she is a married lady. His heart is a casualty to globalisation and low airfares and cross-cultural shock.
Letters: Bo bunny, Thickers
I have a good, decent life. I have many blessings. I wonder if I am greedy to seek more, to beg for more, to be dissatisfied.
Human nature has not changed from the beginning of time, for Cain sought to worship God in his own way. He brought an offering as he was told to do but he brought the fruit of the ground and it was not acceptable. God rejected that offering.
Journalling Criteria/theme: New Years Eve!
Magistrate Anita Govender rejected his application, pointing to the fact that Zweni had previous convictions for assault, culpable homicide and possession of dagga.
Red Dirt Girl goes all googly eyed over footwearhttp://throughthegate09.blogspot.com/2012/02/frivolous-friday.html. This week's exciting footwear is on her blog.... Shiny red welly-boots. Very shiny. Too shiny to wear in the steamy southern rain.
So I posted some more about this shiny blog on my writing board (this time in public) and a few other boards I visit, and changed my signature there to include the blog link. And then I followed some advice from the aforementioned book (yes, I will tell you all about it!), and visited some blogs I like to read anyway. Except that this time I left comments and included a link to here.
Oh geez, I just typed the recipe from memory. I’m seriously head-over-heels in love.
Ugly, yucky, phooey. But there it is.
Then I softened. The barista had clearly gone to a lot of trouble to make this look so inviting. I took a sip. I have not regretted it I’m happy to say. Coffee won. We became friends. These days, and yes even after only a month, I am trying to make up for all those years. I drink between five and ten cups a day, so I’m getting there. Trust me, if I had more money to visit every coffee house in Dublin…Ireland…Euro..oh you get the point, I would make it my business to sample at least one from every single place.
On the bright side, the storm has shifted somewhat to the east, aimed right at Miami. This means Key West and the Zombie Princess will probably be in the better quadrant of the storm, since the area south and east of a hurricane is usually the worst place to be.
The book is at times hysterically funny, incredibly sad and thought provoking. The plot grabs you at the first word and won’t let you go until the last word on the final page, and then you’re left wanting more.
“I’m not saying they are doing this for their personal interests. Their efforts are in the service of the enemy. They are playing a role in the starvation of their own people, and in the anarchy in security.”
You'll find many, many British bottled beers with instructions to "pour gently to leave the sediment in the bottle." But Each beer is different and using the sediment will have different effects.
We've found some great shows to watch over the years. Who could resist Kiefer Sutherland in 24? I liked seeing Kiefer shirtless but, unfortunately, that was usually when he was being tortured. Hubby doesn't have the hots for Kiefer but there were some nice female side-kicks during the show's reign. One of Hubby's favorites was Agent Renee Walker, played by Annie Wersching. We called her Agent Freckles.
What do you think of the covers?
For more great cookbooks for kids, head over to this month's Parents Press. This month's monthly Bookshelf column features cookbooks for children, from young preschoolers through tweens.
The arrival of some belated Christmas presents has also seen an influx of new toys in the house and he is exhibiting excellent taste! His favourites are a wooden bear charm from Germany (a gift when he was born that clips onto his clothes) some soft fabric cubes my sister made, and a handmade sock monkey we bought in Canada. All of which sound quite strange, but crucially they are all handmade! The plastic toys make great noises, but are apparently not quite as alluring at the moment - That's my boy!
Mrs Midnight; Reggie Oliver (Tartarus Press)
I’m getting right in today. Formal introductions are thing of the past, or at least I hope so, because I have clearly done away with them today.
Fri, Oct 12 Detroit, MI Fox Theatre Sat, May 19
We all have reasons to run away from things or to pass it off to someone else but when we buck up (or as others say, put your big girl panties on) and deal with it we realize how strong and knowledgeable we really are. We fumble still but there’s nothing like taking charge of ____ (your life, situation, challenge, health, etc.) and seeing the results or making things
(A boon indeed! 'Twas getting cold
January 16, 2012 ~ Doctor appointments for my husband and I to have more medical statements filled out along with blood work / lab work done.
To the horse with strong rope.
Ah, that’s how it goes. So tonight I made notes about her backstory. Perhaps tomorrow we’ll make it better.
894 ***D-III/2/1985. “Kant on Metaphysics and Morality.” Basic Program Staff Seminar, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 27-32 (1992).)
The Lounge reading on Wednesday evening (Senior Common Room, 28/3/12, 5.30-7 pm) is, however, free. I'll be reading at that as well.
No matter what she does, she cannot escape.
God will never lead you down a
The Fullerton Hotel Singapore, as it is now known, is located at the Singapore River in the CBD area. Across the road is Fullerton Square and the Merlion Park. In the past, it was the General Post Office Building and before that, by its original name - The Fullerton Building.
All my team members have started off strong and are working very hard to accomplish their goals. They were asked to fill out a detailed questionnaire about their current nutritional and fitness habits, and answer questions about what changes they wanted to create. Based on that information, I have helped each person come up with a detailed action plan that will not only help to accomplish her goals, but more importantly, help to improve her lifestyle.
Imagination is always an important ingredient when reading a book. But in reading “Uncle Tom’s Cabin”, the classic title on slavery, I struggle to try to truly imagine a world where human beings were bought, sold and considered property. Even harder to fathom is that this was somehow ok with society.
On my way out I spoke to another member of staff about the issue, she was very apologetic but honest enough to admit that the new bar and service arrangements were not good.
Patient: "Yes."
I love that I can teach my kids at home and that I can share the word of God and his love for them all day!
Like what I did there? I made you think that I recently got 600 new subscribers. Yeah, that’d be pretty awesome. I’m saying hello to my total email subscribers. (And I love each and every one of you!)
Marchese, who has a New York taxi driver license, had been arrested in New Jersey for improper behavior.
It quotes Tom Brake as saying:
Thanks for coming by and checking out my project. I hope you've been inspired and don't forget about the fun festivities coming up with weekend too - it's going to be a smashing fun day! (May 19, SOG FB Party).
This film is a dream. I'd heard so many good things about it before I used it and it turns out they were all true. The grain is fine, the colours are soft and gentle and it is happy with a SLR or a toy camera which makes me happy. A wonderful film, yet a tad bit expensive for my budget, so its my little treat to myself.
3 Windy
This page is digitally inked and I've redone my colors, which I think look less muddy than my previous version. I've also made some changes to the drawing, such as I made the girl's hair more disheveled and I removed the man's mask.
When elected to the GLA it was agreed that I would give 10% of my net earnings to the Party. However, I decided voluntarily to donate all of my net wage from Barking and Dagenham council which was £500 a month. This was in fact over £100 per month more than 10% of my GLA salary and this money went directly into the Party treasury with the intention for it to be used for the Party’s development.
Best Wishes to you all!!!
Backgrounder: A little over five years ago, the Oak Knoll District at the northern end of the Napa Valley was finally affirmed to be distinct sub-appellation of Napa Valley. This region is known for its relatively cool climate and for producing grapes with the perfect balance of acidity and sugars – resulting in delicious and very food-friendly wines. Read Red’s mission report and tasting notes, below, for the full intel on today’s great wine
MT was a formidable woman, with faults and foibles, but a woman with guts, real courage, a cohesive vision for her country and the absolute determination to see it through.
I will write more about the food I am eating once I have figured it out myself!
They are our babies, and we are linked forever.
grated zest & juice of 1 orange
Kurt raises his hand and we high five -
My fiancé and I just took our first trip together and it was awful. We’re supposed to get married in June, but after the drama that happened on spring break, I’m rethinking this engagement. He refused to take part in anything I wanted to do. We couldn’t agree on places to eat, what car to rent, what trail to hike. Nothing. I’m still just defeated and I’m not really sure where to go from here. I guess we should have traveled together before he put a ring on my finger. What do you think, Kellie?
If the economy was losing 750,000 jobs a month and unemployment was 7.6%, how many jobs were being lost per month when unemployment climbed to 10.2% in Feb. 2010 and how many jobs were lost during those 30 out of 36 months where unemployment remained above 9%???
I will not be sharing any recipes this time unfortunately as the experiments are incomplete. Till then!
So here it is! My interpretation of a modern, shabby-chic nursery for a lucky little girl.
Angelina rarely gets it completely right with her colors. She usually looks washed out to hell for red carpets. Angelina is an Autumn, which means the cream dress is kind of right. But though some Autumns can wear cream beautifully, for other Autumns cream is just too light to sufficiently warm them up. Angelina is still looking like an ice queen here. Now, she doesn’t look bad to me. I love the look and the contrast; it is just that these colors do not warm her up and bring out her glow at all. If the dress had more of a golden tone, and the red was either a bit warmer or deeper, she’d have had that glow.
I met so many unchristian people, that I began to realize it wasn't the place for me.
Kazarian said when they formed Fortune, they made a pact to stick together, and has done more than anyone else at building this company. Collectively they strive for greatness, and individually they achieve their goals too. Through blood, sweat, and tears, Bobby accomplished his. He is proud to call him his brother and friend.
Markers and stickers and practicing K*A*T*I*E.
Just as I feel that the sport needs to be more professional in its methodology of getting its athletes paid, I feel that its athletes need to take a more professional approach in how they choose the people that are most responsible for their performances - and therefore their revenue base. Professional sports franchises refuse to select anything less than the best when they feel they have the other pieces in place to make a move towards winning championships. Likewise, I would think that an athlete looking to reach the podium of an Olympics or World Championships competition, would be looking at hiring a coach that has a proven track record of success. After all, I don't think any of them would hire an ordinary mechanic to work on a Ferrari, so why hire less than the best to train their body?
With Playborhood as your guide, you can provide your children and your neighborhood with an environment that will offer a safe place for unstructured play. That is truly a gift that all children deserve . . . and need.
Katy Perry in my opinion will look sexy in a burlap bag, add a pair of Pigalles heels and she looks absolutely stunningly sexy. What a nice breath of fresh air she is. She can do nothing wrong in my eyes. :)
—Fire Race: A Karuk Coyote Tale, retold by Jonathan London and illustrated by Sylvia Long—Old Man Coyote steals fire from the fearsome Yellow Jacket Sisters.
I am such a lucky duck! My March Unity kit arrived on Friday and I have been able to commence playing! First thing, I wanted to make sure to create something for the KOM Sketch Challenge. Now mind you, you do not have to use the newest kit. Any KOM will work. I just wanted to try and showcase the newest one. Here is the sketch we are to follow.
Thanks for taking a look. Please request any photos before reuse. Please leave a comment about the shots. Also I’m trying this gallery instead of a slideshow. Tell me if you like this style better. Thanks.
Noelle Straub article about Jon Wellinghoff saying no new nukes needed for the USA in 2009.
For each player, there’s a different “epic” in the game. Maybe your epic is getting the best gear and flexing in the middle of Stormwind. Maybe it’s making such a name for yourself in PvP that the other team runs when they see your nameplate. For me, it’s raiding. It’s learning and progressing and coordinating. It’s the collective a-ha and the achievement (the kind you feel, not the kind that makes glowy swirls on your screen, though I like those too).
So... I'm picking Sam Worthington based only on characters he's played. I know, lameo. But, I have no idea what type of guy he is in real life. He definitely seems like a man's man. Of the movies I've seen him in, his characters are strong - so I know he could protect and take care of me. Very important ladies! And, his characters have a soft side - so he'd be perfectly compassionate and insanely romantic. Lets face it, he wouldn't be bad to wake up next to either :D
Once the new line-up of the Parish Council is established we want to meet with them ASAP to set up a ‘Neighbourhood Forum’ and start to draw up a ‘neighbourhood development plan’ as detailed in the Localism Bill 2012. This will allow the local community to have a major say in future development and what we want built and where. We will also be able to set up our own ‘green areas’ around Lancing Village.
When I saw these cookies on the Pioneer Woman's new cooking show, I knew I had to try them. I love everything malt. As it turns out, these cookies don't have an overwhelming malty taste. You do get a hint of it, but I doubt you'd notice it without being told it's in there. Or maybe my palette is just not refined enough. In any case, these cookies are still worth making. I love how thin and chewy they are. The only change I made to the original recipe was to use semi-sweet chips instead of milk chocolate chips. To me, a chocolate chip cookie needs a semi-sweet morsel to be complete.
No one.
02 - We Take Care of Our Own
Clinique City Block Sheer ($29.99)
Where do I start? How do I start?
When my writer's group gets a hold of my story, I am sure they will help me obtain the right words and the right feel. They will see things that my eye and mind did not see.
A few days later the far back corner baby's father was there when I walked in. I had never seen him before, just his mother, and quite frankly he was scary. He looked like a gang member. His world was as far from mine as you could possibly imagine. Pants around his hips, gold chains, tattoos, funky hair - you name it, and he had it. I just moved to my small corner of the world and sat next to my baby. A little later I heard him talking to his son's nurse, "but can't they just do a lung transplant?" The nurse muttered something back which amounted to there was nothing more to be done. And my heart broke as that wall of fear came crumbling down around it. This man was begging for his son's life. It was the first wall that God used Tomas to tear down for me. About a week later and that baby's butterfly was gone and his curtain was closed, and I hung my head again. this time for the gang member father who was just like me.
Buff: Of course you are! Part of a Vice President's job is dealing with various heads of state. Are you prepared for such responsibilities?
Row 7- (1sc in 4sc, 2sc in next) (36)
Restaurant information:
God is great, God is faithful,…..he will open up the graves and bring them out,….one by one,….if they only but listen as He speaks. They will know He is the Lord and he brought them out of the grave and it is He who put His Spirit in them so they might live for His glory.
1 firelight
tblsp EVOO
over the past few months, i have begun to see how much i resist the idea of femininity. like i said, i call myself a woman, but reject the adjective, or sometimes adverb, "womanly".
Did you know ASTD Golden Gate was chapter of the month in February? Of all the 200+ chapters in the USA, we were selected. To be selected, a fairly long-winded submission has to be made to ASTD National — a chapter must prove itself worthy. Many chapters are doing great things — to be selected, your chapter must stand out. And, we do!
Moksha Yoga | Back around Christmas last year, I tried my first Moksha yoga class, and instantly fell in love with the practice. Over the course of the winter, I didn’t attend any classes here in Vancouver. However with starting my marathon training and in figuring our my plan, I thought incorporating a hot yoga class once a week would be a very complementary and balancing with all the running I am doing. Moksha has quickly become the favourite part of my week. I have also decided to participate in Moksha’s 7-week on and off the mat Living Your Moksha challenge. More on this soon!
7. pick a theme. if 63% of all FP blogs consistently stick to a theme, then they are going to find a greater following among people who are also into that theme. i’ve been blogging about 6 years, and it wasn’t until about a year and a half ago that i even knew what a “tag” is. i was using “categories,” not “tags,” but i don’t know the difference, so i probably don’t deserve to be FP if i can’t understand how the damn thing functions. as for themes, i’ve seen blog titles like “interesting things to do with blueberries.” really? can there be more than six? how do you make a whole blog theme about that? and then, how do you have enough entries to be FP? i know blueberries are a powerful food and fight cancer, but a whole theme? i could understand if it were apples, but not blueberries. and i hear the little dark blue bastards are starting to call themselves “indigo” just to be different.
So in an attempt to sort through this, I decided to sit down and write out a list of my hopes and expectations. After I saw my list, I realized that these lists are universal for what I would want for any of my children, regardless of chromosomes or abilities.
Central to our strategy has also been the ongoing dialogue and discussion with long-time New Orleans organizers of color. Folks from a range of organizations affiliated with the Greater New Orleans Organizers' Roundtable have generously entered into conversations with the anti-racism working group about how Occupy NOLA can be pushed in a strategic direction that furthers the aims of local economic and social justice movements. This work has the potential to strengthen both Occupy NOLA and the work of already existing organizing by building a united front on the social justice issues in New Orleans.
Look, people, whatever moral high ground you choose to seize in the wake of the Rambo/Ogletree suspensions, can we please keep specious bullshit like this out of the conversation?
Festivalsandkids Team
For some of you, it will be the Lord… and I want to say thank you for that. Thank you for the example you are to me and to those around you. You have no idea how many people are watching- and how they are seeing Jesus on earth through your life. For others of us, we have some confessing to do- and it won’t be easy.
We, the locals, are accepting of foreigners. Foreign friends can attest to that. I have this habit of convincing my online friends to visit our country and be awed by everything over here. When hanging out with them, my friends and I make sure that they have the time of their lives. And, more often that not, they all do. I am generally friendly, and so are the rest of us. I only have one say to it: Just treat us with respect and we will do likewise.
Let’s take the next step together. Within each of us lies our internal olympic torch awaiting a new beginning. Fear blocks and freedom rocks. Lets light your fire! Soo pumped to share this experience with you.
Several Pony Pals have emailed me about the new CNN poll which shows, once again, that Republicans really, really want Condoleezza Rice to fill their lame presidential candidate's veep slot. These same Pony Pals know, of course, that this will never happen because 1. it will never happen, and 2. seriously, not in a million years. But if this is to follow the usual Condi Veep Rumors template, expect endless, unfounded speculation and typical Condi denials to follow, which then everybody will ignore so that they can get back to their wistful speculation.
Anyway, there are a lot of great beers coming out of of the new New Glarus Brewing Company, but I might as well start with a couple I don't care for very much. Lots of times around here you'll hear people say, "Oh, I like the New Glarus Spotted Cow." Well, I really don't like the Spotted Cow, not because there's anything wrong with it but because it's pretty light and (to me) non-descript ale. But as we say here on CBR, de gustibus non est disputandum. I also did not care for their Edel Pils, which I thought was a bit out of balance to the bitter side of things and had a kind of overbearing malt presence. But, this beer has won its share of awards, so that may just be my personal taste speaking.
Two years ago twelve nations were involved, by last year there were thirteen – Albania, Azerbaijan, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Croatia, Georgia, Greece, Macedonia, Moldova, Montenegro, Romania, Serbia and Ukraine – and this year nineteen. The six new participating nations were not named.
That's funny.
Peter Gelinas, 34, New York, N.Y.
--What is my next move?
For years, vessels caught in the thick fog along the final approach to San Francisco Bay were forced to hug the coast, putting them in danger of the rocky outcroppings that provide the beautiful vistas to sightseers, but prove deadly to boats.
The second was with Bast. This one didn’t confuse me as much, as it took place in a vision as I was falling asleep. Freyja came to me dressed in and Egyptian style, showing me the love stories in the Library of Alexandria. I sort of wrote it off as being a sleepy misunderstanding, or one of Freyja’s (many) whims to take on the glamour and beauty of another age and place. I have been pondering under the surface about Freyja’s relationship with Bast for a couple of years now, never really giving it a voice until recently.
I would ask Kim, when do you have time for recreation? “I believe that the world cannot live without new music. I know I can’t!” Following this answer we should direct our attention to his new album This Heart Of Mine. Kim performs on this album most of the instruments only supported by Allen Hinds on guitars.
mostly of air. Turned into a spiral staircase
You start off by baking a yellow cake according to the package directions in a 9x13 baking pan.
Anyhow, if you're dying to make your workspace more snazzy (and bright), I've put together some different iterations of my essentials...plus a huge magnetic dry erase board that is on my wish list:
So - the plan was set - we were going to adopt from Ethiopia! I ended up calling and talking to the girl I went to college with and talked to her more about the process. That is when she told me that the number of court cases that are being approved are going to be going down, so we may want to look into that situation or look into another country (which, one of the countries she mentioned was Congo!). Eric and I were pretty upset about that. We had our hearts set on Ethiopia. Do we roll the dice and stay with Ethiopia or look somewhere else???
So began my first foray into medication, but my medical history could be a whole other entry.
My youngest son on the tow line back to the top.
Saute yellow onions and garlic in olive oil until fragrant. Add sausage to onion mixture and cook all the way through.
Temper? All I simple asking is for, is what you offered and you've failed to make you're your own agreements. I'm not the one with serious CAPLOCK issues ... lol! Funny stuff!
Here's a "Sweet" Page to whet your appetite...
True story. On Saturday night, after the girls and I got back from Build-A-Bear (Girl Scout event), where the girls made bunnies (which I think it’s funny, it’s called Build-A-Bear, not Build-A-Bunny), we were snuggling on the couch watching the end of an episode of Too Cute on Animal Planet. Okay, tangent…this show is so simple in it’s premise, filming kittens and/or puppies from birth to 12 weeks or so, add a fun narration and sit back to go awwwww numerous times. It’s just, well, too cute! Any way, Amy kept slightly turning to look behind her. Which tuned me in to her and I thought I could hear some, well shuffling. Uh-oh…If I ignore it, it will go away, right?? So I snuggled in til it was time for them to go to bed. Then I started looking in the bookshelves behind the couch. And, yes, I did the girly dance and made a girly yelp when it ran out of the bookshelf and then under the couch. Dang…a mouse! ARgggghhhh! WHY?@! I know why, it’s been nice out and certain people in the family (not me, because I know better) keep leaving the door open to the backyard…not just the door, the SCREEN door. That’s how they get in, people!
We have something up our sleeves along with some of your other favourite Scrapbooking retailers for Sunday August 28th from 10am until 4pm. I'll be back later in the week with details. For now, book the babysitter, make sure the hubby knows you'll be out, call your scrapbooking pals.... you'll want to join us for at least a little bit between 10am and 4pm on that date! I promise, it will be worth the suspense! LOL
Use three of the letters in the word “Spring” for your embellishments, materials, or image.
Last night, Ted brought two classic cask offerings to the Green Dragon--Cwrw Welsh Mild and a classic English porter. Or, as he describes them, "plain, ordinary, mundane session beer." Actually, the porter was of a kind that is directly in most Portlanders' wheelhouse. It was smooth, roasty, and lively. Cask ale isn't innately a better form of beer, and there is honest disagreement over the method. But even non-cask drinkers would have gobbled this one down--maybe without even realizing it was casked.
Paul was very speculative as a child. It’s easy to say “he didn’t understand what he was doing” and yes, to a point, he didn’t. He didn’t always understand the consequences of his actions - in fact most of the time he didn’t - but he did understand the action itself.
Darfur.
in the face of which even I, vainglorious
- What was your least favorite class at Rutgers?
But this month…I was holding my breath. In the midst of feeling excited that it’s nearly time for my favorite Farmer’s Market to open, and in the midst of being happy that the warmer weather will soon be moving into Rhode Island and making it easier and more pleasant to eat lighter, fresher foods, I was nervous about how to actually plan and execute almost a whole month’s worth of gluten and casein free fare for us. Since we were handed the challenge just over three weeks ago, I’ve taken things in small bites, so to speak — tweaking the existing menu a little here and there, cautiously branching out into the territory of trying to adapt my usual easy recipes for wheat-based items so they’d be safe for L. to eat. It didn’t feel so scary that way. But a whole MEAL PLAN, done GF/CF style? Hyperventilating.
“…work out your own salvation in fear and trembling, for it is God who works in you, both to will and work for his good pleasure. Do all things without grumbling or questioning, that you may be blameless and innocent, children of God without blemish in the midst of a crooked and twisted generation, among whom you shine as lights in the world” (Phil. 2:12-15).
StopAndScrap has a tremendous and loyal scrapbooking clientele and thank you! However, we want all paper crafters to know about us. I have a lot of fun news for you today! Grab a cup o' joe and spend a few minutes with me. You won't be disappointed. We'd love to have you join in on the excitement and new direction that the store is taking while still providing you with the best product and prices of your favorite manufacturers.. We're going to be making some tremendous and positive changes for you, our valued customer, to make StopAndScrap the only store you shop at and have a lot of fun while you're doing it. So, let's get started!
05. Territorial Pissings
Training - General or specific
Jackson. . . . and are not at issue.
So today I leave you with a wish. I wish that you will seize that one moment in time. That you will show what you're made of. What you're capable of. That you will know who you are and let that shine from you!
Just to share in some of what he’s got
I set out to look better, to feel better, and to be better! I’m accomplishing my goals!
AVERY BREWING, like a lot of yr better brewers, are pumping out an anniversary ale every year, one named according to the anniversary of incorporation - e.g. AVERY FOURTEEN, AVERY FIFTEEN, etc. It just so happens that those two aforementioned beers were absolutely fantastic, and among the finest beers in creation the years they were created. I scored them a 9.5/10 and a 9/10 respectively, the latter score being an "upgrade" from my second tasting of it on draft at the Spuyten Duyvil in NYC. So it was with great gusto and aplomb that I hunted down a bottle of AVERY SIXTEEN last month. I like how the annual anniversary ale - like STONE, like PORT - is a wholly different style than the one before it. This one's a saison. Let's check it out.
BF: Those countries are Italy, France, England, Germany and the United States.
What’s bothering me the most is that Wallflower is having problems with her muscles. The muscles in her neck, shoulders en back are hurting like hell and normally I massage them for her. The pain will not go away but it’s a little lighter then when I don’t do that. Because of the pain in my hand and can’t massage her long enough to relieve the pain a bit. It’s so useless.
They hang on every word you speak, yes they do.
“My kid is a musical genius.”
3) The person whose birthday is next wins when the outcome is True. The other person wins when the outcome is False.
I am pleased to report that London has very lax public urination laws. Or it could simply be the case that the Bobby on patrol that evening was being lenient.
or may not explain the, like, mammary nature
Attendance is free but registration is required.
4. Don’t check your email first thing in the morning.
COOK chicken in nonstick skillet on medium-high heat 4 min. on each side or until browned on both sides.
Damm blogger keeps losing my post from today - so one more go then the computer is flying out of the window !!! So apologies in advance if the pictures and words don't correspond, I'm going with whatever comes up LOL !!
E's learning support teacher emailed me today about scheduling his IEP meeting. She also said that she noticed E had glasses today and she wondered if they were new. Apparently he took an old pair of mine from my desk drawer. He told me that they helped him to see the whiteboard better and to concentrate better. So I guess I'd better get his eyes checked, lol.
hear from everyone who stops by!
Squish to all!
OK, It's definitely time to make a little fun of myself in an effort to bring me back down to earth. I'm sorry about the picture quality. My scanner doesn't work with Vista (coughcoughconspiracy) so these are pictures of pictures.
with a dog leash
To ensure his drinks were chilled, he obtained a quotation for a £132 mini bar for his office.
The thing is, the final mixdown of both sessions (granted, as per custom most Peel sessions had the band track, mix and edit everything for that particular session over one grueling day, not slaving weeks over the mix etc.) didn't really force the point home that it certainly wasn't music for pussies. When I listen to the Jesus Lizard, I like that it's the aural equivalent of thumbscrews to my head. I hate the term "slamming" with regards to music, but really, that's what this band sounds like at its very best. The Peel recordings almost sound neutered, perhaps so Granny won't run for the hills after walking into the kitchen, when she realized little (insert very English-sounding boy's name here) left the kitchen radio on playing Radio One's Peel program? While excellent, the recordings just don't really compare to the albums recorded with Albini with regards to overall sonic impact.
So: armed with an aspergillum he let rip
Serve with Parmesan cheese and bread sticks for dipping.
The John Smith’s Grand National has been the aim for Treacle ever since he was purchased by Bjorn Nielsen as a three-year-old. He finished eighth on his debut for Tom Taaffe in a bumper at Gowran Park in February, 2006, and filled the runner-up spot on all three of his first starts over hurdles at Fairyhouse, Killarney and Wexford. He lost his maiden tag with an emphatic 15-length victory at Cork in December, 2006, and ran respectable races in Grade Two company on his next two appearances at Naas and Fairyhouse before ending his season with a good third in a competitive novice hurdle at the Punchestown Festival in April, 2007. Treacle was sent chasing for the 2007/2008 campaign and he recorded a comfortable success on his second start over fences at Fairyhouse in October, 2007. A leg injury sustained during that victory forced Treacle to miss the rest of the season and the majority of the following campaign and he finished third on his return to action in a Limerick handicap chase in March, 2009. Treacle fell on his next outing in another handicap chase at Fairyhouse the following month but he made amends with a comfortable success in a Listowel handicap chase in June, 2009. He followed up that win with another victory as he gamely repelled the challenge of Dashing George to take the Munster National at Limerick in October, 2009. Raised 8lb for that win, Treacle struggled on his next four starts as he came home a well-beaten sixth after being hampered at the first fence in the Troytown Handicap Chase that November and was pulled up on his next three outings at Leopardstown, Punchestown and Cork. Treacle was given a break after taking fifth in a handicap chase at the Punchestown Festival in May, 2011, and he made a winning return at Gowran Park on October 1 as he comfortably took a three-mile handicap chase. He headed to Aintree to come home fourth in the Betfred 10 Best Odds in Shops Veterans’ Handicap Chase on October 22 and ran an excellent race to go down by three-quarters of a length to Cross Appeal in the valuable Paddy Power Chase at Leopardstown on December 27. Treacle returns to Aintree in the back of a career-best performance, having kept on gamely to take third behind Quel Esprit and Roberto Goldback in the Grade One Hennessy Gold Cup at Leopardstown on February 12.
1. You can eat the peel, but it takes much longer to prepare, so I prefer to remove it. Instead of peeling the squash with a parer like I have done in the past, I first cut the squash in half.
Vintage Couture is giving away one Rose Jungle 2-Piece Set to o ne of my readers!
33. Worker Co-operatives and Pensions, explores why it is that the Mondragon Co-op can provide average pensions many times higher than those enjoyed by workers in Britain.
Now we just have to get 2Cool's done before Monday. I might just kill him.
The supremely gifted craftspeople who work this palpable magic in the brewhouse are surely not the very same individuals who toss around lunatic marketing concepts like paper planes over in the office.
I love joining in with the Make My Monday challenge and never miss it if I can help it. In fact there's no chance of me missing it during May as the lovely ladies have asked me to guest for the month! May's Floral theme continues with a fabulous new challenge this week: Any Flower with Music. It sounds fun doesn't it - why not join in yourself?!
Mothers of the Bible is priced low so churches and groups can purchase multiple copies for their members. It makes an excellent gift for Mother's Day or other special occasions. Go here to purchase!
Opponents newcomers?
The West African bloc has said that a presidential election, which the coup interrupted between the first round and a second-round run-off that had been scheduled for April 29, should be put back on track.
Then she lowered both arms, each reconfiguring back to flesh and blood appendages.
24Cursed is he who takes his neighbour’s life secretly. And let all the people say, So be it.
May5, 2012- New Delhi
- In Roman Catholic and other religious teachings; a temporary state of the dead.
The Brewers Association is the not-for-profit trade association dedicated to small and independent American brewers, their craft beers and the community of brewing enthusiasts. The Brewers Association (BA) represents more than 70 percent of the brewing industry, and its members make more than 99 percent of the beer brewed in the U.S. The BA organizes events including the World Beer Cup®, Great American Beer Festival®, Craft Brewers Conference and BrewExpo America®, SAVOR: An American Craft Beer & Food Experience and American Craft Beer Week. The BA publishes The New Brewer magazine and its Brewers Publications division is the largest publisher of contemporary and relevant brewing literature for today's craft brewers and homebrewers.
Reading the poems, google translate firmly on my iPad, I am delighted, they are beautiful, my Spanish is not sufficient to follow all of it..... so maybe I make some things up... does that matter?
Demitri kept going, tugging me along, snaking his way deeper into the library. I had to take two steps for every stride his legs made. I tried to stay directly behind him, praying we didn’t slam into anything.
with funeral superstitions
you stumble in confusion and sorrow.
Level 17: MP Cost: 16, Attacks up to 5 enemies, Damage: 136%, Attacks the enemies 4 times.
The Ministry of Defence and Military Veterans last August said the 165 troops deployed to the Lesotho borderline were “sufficient” to meet the requests of the VL to combat stock theft and monitor crossings from Lesotho to the Free State and visa versa. It was responding to a Parliamentary question on the subject by Democratic Alliance MP DA Worth. The ministry added there were regular interactions between the military and the VL. The original number of SAPS-members agreed to between the farmers and the ANC-regime in the signed agreement which was made a court-order on June 9 2012, had been that 641 SAPS reservists and 453 SAPS members would be made available to man all the border posts and patrol the border. When the Zuma cabinet announced out of the blue that it was assigning the SA National Defence Force to patrol SA’s borders, these military patrols also were incorporated into the order issued by the Bloemfontein High Court.
It's Bob, one of the Good People of Cheesetown, and he's calling round to check out this blog. Because Things Have Gone Quiet Again. Hell, Macy might be a manic Glaswegian drama queen, but she's still Cheesetown's manic Glaswegian drama queen. And Cheesetown cares.
Supernana Matrix
Stamp: Pure Innocence Are we there yet
used both vintage and craft buttons on these. the stamp set is from Papertrey Ink called button boutique. and then there is a few other odd sentiments added from the die cuts pre stamped pile ( happy anniversary A Muse ) but, for the most part they are on the generic side.
The anti-masonic writings of General Erich Ludendorff
nFusion’s presence at MEG reinforces how the Austin agency is helping to reinvigorate restaurant industry brands as they seek to keep up with the myriad demands of an ever-changing market. From digital presence to accelerating sales, nFusion has championed marketing change leaders in the restaurant industry and helped them to transform their visions into results-producing reality.
The profession of food science technicians involves research and development to help improve the qualities of food and beverage products. The job happens to be a highly responsible one. These professionals work in close contact with scientists and conduct various kinds of tests on food and agricultural products. Whatever research and tests on food products are performed, food technicians need to comply with the rules and guidelines set by the Food and Drug Administration. The field of food and science technology also includes professionals like biological technicians, chemical technicians, environmental science and technicians. The food technician, therefore, would be working in close touch with these professionals, according to the requirement. These professionals do not only perform food and agricultural products test, but they also analyze the end result and maintain a record of these tests. In addition, food and science technology professionals also look after the requirements of the laboratory like ordering supplies, maintenance of inventory and sterilization of laboratory equipment.
And so today, I bring you Pistachio Salad. I think every family has some version of this dish, but I've never seen our family's exact recipe listed, so I thought I'd share. Even though it is loaded with not-so-good-for-you ingredients. But there are a couple of good ones in there!
Mocknick: Once you return your contract with the annual contract fee....we'll take it from there.
I will miss my donuts runs!!!
Standing re 2(e)(1): Applicant Triumph argued that Opposer does not have standing to bring a mere descriptiveness claim because Opposer did not assert the "right or a potential need to use the word 'Coach' descriptively." The Board, however, ruled that Opposer nonetheless has a real interest in preventing the registration of Triumph's marks, and therefore has standing.
Even when they’re dead you cannot leave them there. Their bodies will accumulate in the arteries, restricting the blood flow, pushing the needle further round the gauge. Pushing you further towards the edge. And as they decompose, they will decay into the seeds of depression. And those seeds will draw you over that edge so that you find yourself plummeting, screaming like a helpless baby. For that it is what you will have become. Helpless. Helpless and beyond saving.
I'm hearing this from both bedrooms right now--"cough cough...cough cough."
Mardi Gras is acknowledged for several main themes or templates, which include face masks, drops, crowns, jesters, plus much more. Doing all of the royal exciting through bringing that in order to where you live is as just because putting any Mardi Gras Celebration. Along with, cheap Wedding invitations Mardi Gra is only a mouse click away should you use the internet for the type along with your party design.
Ellen is a perfectly relatable main character and I really enjoyed how human she was. I understood how she was torn between two men and why it was so hard for her to make a decision. I think it takes great character development to make readers love a character who is flirting with the idea of cheating on her amazing husband and Giffin did it so well.
7) Wonder if you can just crop the vomit
CROAK has some quirky names and descriptions that add just the right amount of subtle humor such as Slain Lane and a population sign that changes with each person that enters or leaves the town. It's a quick read and fresh perspective. Now get to reading!
Instead of seeing it as an invasion of privacy, kids who have nothing to hide, hide nothing. Also, think of it this way:
I’m your only critic who needs Ebert & Roeper?
The shelter that cares for us wants us to live,
-Somprehensive Education Plans
but a necessary, healing heart sport
I’m still dreaming of that buffet.
Concerning Character: Paige's introspectiveness, her self-doubt, will be immediately recognizable and relatable to many readers. By the same token, her stubbornness and willingness to try to be herself were inspiring, and the results hopeful and satisfying. Paige's parents are fleshed out as people, not just cardboard cutouts, and the artist grandma was a cute idea for a mentor, although in some ways her advice seemed a bit convenient. Paige's friends were all appealing and quirky, from her best friend Diana back in Virginia to her diverse and motley group of comic-reading, music-loving new friends in NYC. And how much do I love the fact that they're self-described ethnic mutts?
Anyone else gonna whip out the Scrabble now? ;o)
This watch is quiet fashionable, trendy and it goes well with all your formal and informal outfits. This watch is available in two different band patterns, first one is the silver metal band and the second one is the black resin band. Both these look good and very stylish. The Casio watches do not come with the plastic band as you can find the watches of other company. Casio WVA430J-1A solar watch comes with an inbuilt radio receiver and an antenna inside, so you can entertain yourselves with anything of your choice.
Watch this space. (If I don't run out of steam...)
good news is: i'm still alive. first semester of law school didn't kill me - though it tried its hardest.
Run down to the waterfront
poor kids from Garbagecan USA
Names to Know
Scientist are just now seeing the huge problem with the oceans becoming more and more acidic. They are beginning to see that our oceans are beginning to die.
I am called to an RTC on the motorway, possibly fatal. I throw on my work clothes (thank goodness I am a slob, and I don't have to go into my cupboard for anything), kiss MrsRRD goodbye ("Did your phone ring?". "Go back to sleep.") and run down the stairs, thinking, Oh well, there goes my morning shower and ablutions.
The on-going issue of extravagant boardroom bonuses has been recently joined by many of the very rich using charitable giving as a way of reducing their tax liabilities to 20% or so, rather less than their very much more modestly paid employees are expected to pay.
What has changed for you personally since you wrote your first book?
One of the things that strengthens faith is knowing that God is the living GOD. All others are dead, buried, on display, and the imaginations of wicked hearts. Our God lives, even though He was crucified, died, was buried; He rose again bodily from the grave, and is alive forevermore.
We have used a brand that is quite thin. For years. I have four children.
-some old terracotta pots
Have you noticed the cute flowery mittens she wearing :)? I colored her with my fav colors pink & lavender, cos I wanted to keep this jar in my kitchen. So why not use my favorite colors. Add a dash of silver here and there and some pearls :).
3. Then I spread peanut butter on a piece of bread and cut it into squares and rectangles.
My mood lifted. I was no longer cranky. I could sense that although this round object looked like fire it was a good fire with healing qualities. I spent a lot of time just basking in it.
Azalea is trapped. Just when she should feel that everything is before her . . . beautiful gowns, dashing suitors, balls filled with dancing . . . it’s taken away. All of it.
Shutter Island–or should it be called “DEception”?
And, this post sucks, too. NO, no, it does. Stop it. I don't want your pity. I'm going to bed before anything cataclysmic happens.
2 fewer
safety of my cube, I began to wonder why I felt that way. Why in the presence of these two, I felt suddenly so aware of my height and my clothes and frazzled hair?I wondered if others had daily wrestling matches with the monstrous, sword-wielding confidence-crushing thoughts of self-consciousness and unworthiness? I wondered if others let thoughts like these get the best of them?
Our first real session kicks off in two weeks. I am very excited.
Elizabeth’s high school friend Katrina and her husband Cory are both in the armed services and met John and Lisa Hallett when they were all stationed in Hawaii. Cory and John were deployed in Iraq together in 2004-5, then John was deployed again to Afghanistan where he commanded an infantry company in the south. Returning from a mission with his medical team to check on a cholera outbreak in early 2009, he and three other soldiers were killed by a massive roadside bomb. John had just turned 30. He left behind his beautiful wife Lisa, and three darling children. The oldest is four, the youngest is less than a year old and was born after John was deployed. He never lived to see his baby daughter.
This is perhaps the main reason why so much advertising is awesome, but way off mark. I pose the following theory: We subconsciously create advertising to impress our peers, not sell to our target audience. We are so infatuated with our own genius and want to show it off, that we forget the purpose of the job – to sell stuff.
BGI Tien Gang (Fosters) 33 Export
“Good morning…” I greeted them.
That gives hokku another characteristic, which we may call something that is almost loneliness, but not quite, something with a feeling of solitude mixed into it. It is almost sadness but again, not quite. It is that feeling that arises in us when we realize that everything around us — our possessions, our friends, our surroundings — are transient and temporary. That too is very important in the aesthetics of hokku, the background feeling or flavor or subtle fragrance that is always behind our practice. Imagine that you have been away from the little town where you grew up for 30 years; when you go back, you see that the little shops you remember are not there, certain buildings and houses are entirely gone, you do not recognize the people in the neighborhood. Things are just different; it is no longer the place you remember. That is the kind of feeling transience gives rise to.
Pre-Order:
Want to bet that a ton of people will be swearing off red meat now that The Study has been published (again)? Kind of like eggs - remember that? For a while, it was the cholesterol in eggs that was going to cinch the noose. But then, it wasn't. And full fat milk. Oh, and butter. Wait, I mean margarine. No, it's butter. Actually, I forget which one we should be eating now. Hmm. Perhaps I should quickly consult The Study so I can figure out just exactly what I should eat for breakfast so I can make it to dinner without dying.
"Er........no thanks."
For a rich gloating friend, to knock them down a peg
I’d like to write about the process of decision-making and our experience with our daughter’s surgery when I have more time. I’d like to share our story because it might be even of a little help for some other parents who are in the same situation as ours. I’ll do my best to find the time.
That means removing the provision from the health care law altogether, he said, not simply changing it for Catholic employers and their insurers. He cited the problem that would create for “good Catholic business people who can’t in good conscience cooperate with this.”
“Oh!” she said. ”Still… I don’t think I’ll take communion from you today.”
People who did the German shtick were called “Dutch comics”. Another major Dutch comic besides Weber and Fields who played Coney Island in the early years, was a character from the Lower East Side named Sam Bernard who eventually became a star of Weber and Fields’ company. Bernard did his schtick as a monologist. This was a popular type of comic in the years before stand-up…today you might consider it more analogous to performance art or solo theater. A humorous monologue or story told in a funny German accent.
During the week of June 5, according to court documents, Salvant’s order was carried out and officials began forcibly medicating Staley in the Tarrant County Jail, where he remains today.
“That’s different… I talked to my friends… not strangers”
I like to have a nice big piece of salmon for supper once a week and every time I do, my cats want some too! This is a sure way to get my cats to climb on me. It's a little hard to eat when they gang up on me like this. They are so cute though, I can't resist giving them some little bits at the end. A Word from Manny and Spunky Doodle: We are so happy our mommy is buying some real salmon now. We both like it and think she should give us more than just that tiny bit! Do you shared a meal with your pets?
Transfer the potatoes to a large bowl. Add the oil and spices and mix well. Place the potatoes on a baking sheet and bake for 15 minutes. Turn the potatoes and bake for 10 minutes more or until they are golden and crisping up. When they look about ready, turn the oven to broil and broil the potatoes for just 5 minutes. Serve while hot.
I organize my reading group materials in the $2.50 bins from Target. My kiddos use these for their book boxes and I had a few extra that I could use for reading groups. This way, if I am out, it is easy for the sub to find materials for the groups and I don't misplace the books or their papers.
So, as you can see, we had a great evening! I wore a sparkly black tight dress with spaghetti straps, a cropped cardigan with crotcheted (?) sleeves, mustard tights, black boots with studded straps, a wide black leather belt and a headband with peacock like colors. And a ring I got from my boyfriend and long, stringy silver earrings. I braided my hair the night before and that's a bout it! It was a good look on me. :-D Again, hope you babes had lovely holidays! See y'all on the flip side!
As you will see, further proof has presented itself. I caution you that this is the stark, harsh reality for women in parts of the Indian Sub-Continent and indeed elsewhere.
Perhaps she was slightly more tactful than that, but the meaning in what the doctor said this morning was essentially the same.
Beatrice Wilson is our lovable Cinderella, who just got dumped by her very first boyfriend and put on twenty-five pounds. But then she's discovered as a plus model. In the eyes of pop culture, Bee is Jessica Alba and then some! Now she must vanquish skinny rivals, fend off sleazy photogs, and banish jealous frenemies in her rise to superstardom. All the while, she's torn between her first love and the surprisingly sincere up-and-coming rapper she tutors in calculus. But what's better than finding your prince charming? Finally learning to love yourself!"
I have received a complimentary copy of the “Christians Daily Planner” for the purpose of writing my review.
You must insure your furry family members *before* anything goes wrong.
Total: 16 Points
That she don't even care whose it is
wowzers is all I can say.. totally in love lol..
Waterloo & City's website also explains that it is a traditional British gastropub, which means "it has the relaxed, easy atmosphere of an English pub while serving extraordinary gastronomic cuisine." This for me translates into gourmet 'for the people', incredible food without the pretentiousness - a concept that I love.
- 30g sugar
Obviously I’d love to undo the last ten years and the 3 TBIs…..
You have to run faster
Nothing. “TDP…was that Texas Democratic Party”? Could they possibly be calling about the debate at 9PM on Wednesday night, when they said they’d let everyone know on Tuesday night?
Why Avery? Why AveryVinyl.com?
A freelance writer I know says that the faster she writes the more money she makes. I can’t help but wonder if following the dollar is doing her clients a disservice. There are times when writing simply flows and our best work just pours out in record time, but this is the exception. Most writing, even when we’re familiar with the topic, requires diligence, fortitude, and perseverance — characteristics that are well worth the time they take to cultivate. If we decide to always do our best, even if there is a slight negative impact on our bottom line, we’ll never have to apologize for the content we deliver.
Possibly because as good as a shoe might look on my foot, I’m never going to strut down the street with a little sexy wiggle, so whilst I can appreciate a gorgeous stiletto I can often resist the urge to splash the cash; though to be honest I do still have lots of shoes, I just don’t have to spend additional money on getting them re heeled!
In fact, for 11 years running the price of gold bullion has closed each year higher in price than it started the year. The recent weakness in gold bullion prices (more like a correction in an ongoing bull market) is a tremendous opportunity for smart investors.
So when we went out and after a few moments of telling my sister what to do, she kind of went and did her own thing. Candid photos are always my favorite, so here are a few of my sister just being silly. There will be lots more photos coming up from our little adventure yesterday.
it just leaves me alone
He had received a call
After the incident The PKI was portrayed as the ones who instigated the coup attempt. This is an idea planted by the CIA in newspapers and several other media outlets. A mass killing ensued resulting to the murder of five-hundred thousand to more than one-million alleged communists. The CIA was never directly blamed for the action that resulted to one of the worse mass murders in the 20th century. However, the event solidified Suharto’s prospect in becoming the successor to Sukarno’s heavily damaged regime. Public dissatisfaction is at its highest as the people just want Sukarno out. Sukarno resigned on March 12, 1967 and transferred all his remaining power to Suharto.
So why should the list be long and what the heck is on the list anyway?
So back to thinking. I read your response to my first letter and, funnily enough, it made me think of responses. I realized that only two people in my life have really written a letter to me in response to one of my epics: my sister, when she went to Dutch Harbor, Alaska, for a six month job that took her nine years; and my friend, Matt, when he took off for UDub to become an architect.
Chia can also be seen to have made a number of personal in-payments and withdrawals worth thousands of US dollars.
And, in the meanwhile thank God for your precious friends and sisters in Christ. There is only one bond stronger...the one we have in Christ alone!
My first reaction seeing the film last night was that it was loooong. At well over two hours, I hate to admit I got slightly bored. The action scenes are numerous and lengthy, and there were fewer awkward-super-hero-bonding-as-a-team moments than I would have liked. That said, there are some truly funny lines, most delivered by Robert Downey-Junior, the effects are vast and epic, and it was nice to revisit the characters we have already met in the aforementioned individual films.
Having sex with him became like the choice between starving to death or eating food you knew was poisoned and would make you wretchedly sick.
Free Apple iPad – How to Get One
Larger animal life, personal property and veterinary science subjects alike, populate the fields. When the soccer pitch isn't being used by students one can find goats grazing and keeping the pitch groomed. Donkeys search for short grass wherever it may be found, disdaining the tall elephant grass for the finer stuff located around the dormitories. On my first day here I was finding my way back to the visitor's hostel from the student cantinas, turned a corner around a dormitory, and found myself among four fat fellows grazing among the yards.
When I was working toward moving Mom to the facility where Dad originally wanted her placed, I was amazed by the special courtyard in the secure ward. Painted on the large fence is a farm scene, with a large red barn, just like the one my grandfather had built. At first, Mom seemed to appreciate the fence as a work of art. But very quickly she seemed to think of it as a real farm. I remember hearing her tell some visitors about taking care of her farm and pointing out the window. It warms my heart to know that perhaps she is living back in her heyday on that farm with her parents and siblings.
A long dagger of lightning split the sky somewhere beyond the forest.
Has hunger driven our poor cat to catching whole adult game birds? Bleh
I know it was expensive.
MAN: I’ll get both for you.
LOVE that man!!
Spring is here in the Midwest and this Baroque aria could not resonate more with me. Prior to moving here, I used to read the text for this beautiful aria by Giovanni Battista Bononcini and laugh. To me, it seemed overly romantic and even peculiar sine it is in essence a “love song to a tree.” Bonocinni used in his 1694 opera, Serse, and unfortunately does not serve a particularly meaningful purpose to enhance the drama of the plotline. It does however, give the audience a pretty tune to listen to at the beginning of the opera, but that for the time being, is beside the point. Apparently the piece was quite popular thereafter. In fact, I once heard a story that Georg Fredrich Haendel, was so taken with this particular melody and text that he rearranged the piece for in his own version of the same opera in 1738! When one compares the two pieces, it is quite easy to hear the similarities.
And even now she could sense the questions running through his mind, but she didn’t know what to say. Tears rose to her eyes yet again and she embraced her father.
All involved insisted, however, that the deal was not dependent on the city having a mayor – which means that any city whose electors have actually voted for a mayor will surely expect to negotiate a deal worth proportionately at least as much as Liverpool’s.
If you want to know more about each card then click their name - all the images can be found in the Jellypark store.
This day also serves as a reminder to professionals of their responsibility to society, and of the importance of maintaining professional ethics. It is a day of support for media which are targets for the censorship, or abolition of press freedom. And it is also a day of remembrance for those journalists who lost their lives in the exercise of their profession.
So my questions are simple Commissioner King. Since our students have suffered through 6 grueling days of tests, and many teachers are now struggling to accurately score this garbage, who is responsible for the poor scoring instructions?
This terminology is foreign in the Old Testament for not until the writings of Paul do we have the word, “third heaven” or in the original language of Greek EPOURANIOS, which is literally translated, “High Heaven.” Of course that would be so, for all that was revealed to the prophets, and concerned the earth and the prophesied earthly kingdom.
It's been an absolutely fantastic few days here at the 2012 Auckland Writers and Readers Festival. You can feel the creativity and effervescence in the air, with so many creative people brought together, and so many people who love reading attending sessions, meeting authors, getting books signed, and just hanging out chatting about all things books, literature, learning, and more.
Insane Girl - 0 vs Drunken Fool - 1000 sympathy points
vanilla on vanilla birthday cake
got a lot accomplished.
2011-04-02 400000
When planning a budget wedding, it’s important to figure out what concessions you’re willing to make, and at the end of the day, I know that I can bake well. It’s one of the things I’m known for at work and in my family. And when it came down to the cost of the kind of cake I wanted that would taste the way I needed it to, it was easier to do this part… myself. Yes, you heard me right. I’m making my own wedding cupcakes. 140 of them, to be exact. And I’m going to bake them and frost them and explain the arrangement to the wife of a dear friend, so that I can at least cross one thing off my list before the big day!
The recipe I used from Whole Foods Market was excellent. Simple, as I wanted, but extremely tasty. What you do not see in the picture is me dipping my warm, crusty bread into the soup and getting every last drop out of the bottom of the bowl.
And there are many other proven ill effects from consuming fluoride, which I’ve shown in many posts on this site. The data is overwhelming. It just baffles me that we still allow this poisoning of our children and ourselves!
Level 2: 1 damage, fevers; -1 to all stats
Challenge 104
Stridentism (estridentismo) was a literary, artistic, and cultural movement founded in Mexico in the 1920s by poets Manuel Maples Arce, Germn List Arzubide, and Salbador Gallardo, prose writer Arqueles Vela, painters Fermin Revueltas, Ram-n Alva de la Canal, Leopoldo MZndez, and Jean Charlot, and sculptor Germn Cueto. This book is a wide-ranging study of Stridentism that emphasizes the multifaceted nature of its contributions and addresses key debates in this period of Mexican cultural history.
pay only about three-quarters of scheduled benefits through 2085.
So many good memories around food. We can all remember the special yummy things we've enjoyed around holidays and special occasions. And many of these memories are attached to our childhoods, but think about the stolen or unexpected moments when good food wasn't planned, when it just happened. I would argue that a lot of these serendipitous moments occur in the spring, or summer time. A lot of these moments are connected to fresh food, and food that is eaten, as the foodies say, "out of hand." That taco was delicious because it was loaded with fresh greens and the handmade soft tortilla was warm and salty, redolent with the smoke and burn of a hot grill. The morels were an unexpected gift from a thoughtful student and, in the rush of the day I forgot them, until at last the dishes were done, the children tucked in bed, the newspaper finally unfurled. When I remembered the mushrooms, which had been picked that morning, I couldn't bare the thought of letting them grow a moment older. The effort of putting down the paper and rising from the chair, was worth it. Those mushrooms tasted like spring. Gifts from the sea, eaten at the seaside-- well, there really are no words for that particular delight. And now spring is here, our yards and woods and fields are waking up. Things smell good, and look good again. Old hungers are awakened. I crave the fresh and unexpected.
This worked well for about 25 years, but the laws of capitalist economics precluded the fantasies of the labor bureaucracy from enduring. As the economy changed and wages started to stagnate in the early 1970s, the illusion began to evaporate. There never was a “middle class”; we had been workers all along, and we could pay for the new consumerist culture of a “middle class American dream” only by sending the women of the household to work, by taking second jobs, and by incurring debt in the form of student loans, credit cards, and second mortgages against our houses. Now all these stopgaps are running out, and the explosion of the speculative stock market and inflated housing bubble economy is gutting the standard of living of the American working class. Wages have been flat or declining for decades; we work more hours than before; we have less vacation; we are less secure, and all the money has floated to the top 0.01% while we are scrounging to hold on to a declining paycheck. The labor bureaucracy was not prepared for this! They still cling to their failed strategy of class collaboration with the Democrats, reliance on the courts, and lobbying legislators to “tax the rich.”
My first thought upon seeing Brass Knuckles Oatmeal Stout from Barley Island on cask was that I shouldn't try it. That I should have it in a bottle and then go back to the bar offering it on cask, compare after the fact. But, I couldn't do that. I wanted Oatmeal Stout. I wanted dry roasted goodness lingering on my tongue after a creamy sip of deep, dark beer. Brass Knuckles smelled of roasted coffee wafting out of a cup of nuts and dark chocolate, with just a breeze of hops present in the nose. Earthy. Really nice bouquet. My tongue intrigued by what my nose detected, I took a pretty deep sip. Bitter roasted coffee, more hops than I expected, and the chocolate and nuts more subdued than in the aroma. Slight disappointment. I kept hoping each sip would have the flavor intensity and complexity of the aroma, but it never quite arrived. Interestingly, as it warmed even more in my hands, hints of peanuts. Seriously, peanuts. Though I feel like the initial flavor ends up being a let down, the creamy but not too heavy body leaves behind a hint of milk chocolate and intense roasted flavors that almost border on smoky.
And leaves of umber and gold
Everyone knows that Fair Food is an important part of the Fair experience. The great thing about the Indiana State Fair is a special cost savings day called $2 Tuesday. I love it! Vendors who participate offer something for $2- a corn dog or a smaller portion of soemthing they regularly serve. It's a great way to get people to try things they normally wouldn't and a great way to attract new customers. It also meant that I paid a lot more attention to food yesterday because I wanted to see all the offerings.
* When we are going somewhere in the car he either thinks we are going to see "Norma" (his teacher at school) or that we're going to Target... (I think that's a sign that we visit the old bullseye too often!)
It's wonderful for reading aloud or for an older child to read on their own.
A word to the unwise… if you are wandering off the street, you feel your old phone is a bit unpopular now and you want something Smart and sophisticated and know nothing about Smartphone’s then please take head to this advice..
I hope I get through all this
she wants to see bugs and/or blooms on your creations this week :)
I came across Sugar Nellie stamps last year and I have to say they are fab I bought 2 of the simply adorable range of digi's last year and never got round to making anything with them so I decided yesterday that is what I would do. I love the simply adorable girls and they are fab to colour. This one is Hope isn't she fab :)
Here is this month's sketch, based on a layout by Wendy McKee from this issue's Bursting with Blooms gallery.
6 oz cool whip
At a public event in January, we looked at a huge range of work by all of the visiting students, and a number of the projects—all of them speculative works set in New York City—continue to come to mind. But because of the frequency with which I refer to one of them, in particular, I thought I should post it here.
For my first time reading a Holly Black book, I wasn't disappointed. Cassel has a lot to sort out, especially since he's discovering lies and loose ends everywhere he turns. After waking up from a sleepwalking incident, he's starting to discover more things about his family than he can even imagine. Cassel's brother's are hiding something from him, and figuring everything out will take every con that he has in him.
“I suppose what I do appears more spectacular because it comes from a foreigner but their work shouldn’t go unnoticed. Now other people are placing flowers on his grave.”
I no longer want to run a separate blog for our family. I don't update it enough because I update this one more. So, because a lot of my friends and family read this blog, I will introduce some more family. But not too much, not overkill. Just enough. I love to read other blogs in which I can get to know their families a bit as well, because it ties into their projects and their passion and drives what they do. I am no different. I organize based on the needs of our family and our lifestyle. I will plan to categorize my family posts so you can choose to love us, or skip over us, it's totally up to you! But I promise, they are a pretty fantastic clan worth knowing!
'Sources familiar with the inquiry said that Saville may not explicitly recommend criminal prosecutions,' said the report in the Guardian.
“I will be the wind, and I will blow you where I want you to go.”
I do not like to spend more than $5 on an item...I would like to refinish found item and sell for a $5 profit. So the majority of my items will not cost more than $10 plus shipping.
Speaking of Star Trek… (Get used to it; it’s a thing now.) Last Wednesday was Pi Day (March 14th – 3/14 – 3.14). I was going to do a whole Pi Day post but couldn’t get my act together. To put a post together now would just be silly, so I’ll just give you the very best thing I found and save the rest for next year. I give you: “How to make the USS ENTERPI” from Instructables.com.
An online catalog with images and statements by the artists, as well as the names of Jury Award winners, will be available on this website after April 13. An interactive with this information also will be in the exhibition gallery.
Five pallets resided on the north side of the tractor shack when we arrived in May. They are now arranged so as to contain our compost piles for the cost of some screws. I lined them with compostable SSC burlap coffee sacks to keep the compost from spilling out yet allowing it to breathe.
Today is another crafting kind of day. I found myself working on perfecting the cutting file for that "floating frame" It's almost there. I usually always cut practice/ prototype files. I think after the next cut everything will fall into place.
This peculiarity got me thinking and I was then on the lookout for anything else that was flowering at the wrong time. As I wandered down the path I found Azaleas still in flower and the Rhododendrons packed with buds.
Through my mind to my hand,
Or maybe it was strategy.
and Belle would have a host of lovely silver and entertaining pieces.
"Stephanie and John are having a garage sale today. 9-2"
This is all being covered by my respective publishing houses, which is wonderful of them, so please thank them for arranging it all.
Allison played for the Washington Senators/Minnesota Twins from 1958-70. He hit 256 career home runs, was a three-time All Star and was named 1959 AL Rookie of the Year.
And this is how Led Astray looks:
Momos are a type of dumpling popular in Tibet and Nepal where they are sold as street food or fast food. The main fillings include minced chicken or lamb/goat mixed with onions and spices, as well as finely minced vegetables or cheese. There are even sweet momos filled with chocolate.
Drip drop drip drop drop drop drop
and the way that I talk about them.
So here is what I propose:
“Let me ask you this, Don. This Sunday, my daughter walks in, and says, ‘Don Stenberg’s trying to follow me on Twitter.’ My daughter’s 14 years old. Now you tell me: I’d like to know, why does a 62-year-old man want to follow a 14-year-old girl on Twitter? I’d really like to know. She said, ‘Dad, that’s kind of creepy.’”
"St. John of the Cross uses a beautiful image to illustrate what happens when we prayerfully ponder sacred doctrine in deep silence. He describes this prayerful reflection on the content of our faith as peering into the reflective surface of a spring of water. When our faith is pure, when we faithfully receive the teachings passed on to us through the Church, he suggests this opens up a deep loving knowledge of the Lord which matures us and raises our friendship with Him onto a whole new level."
Your walk is as graceful as a swan gliding across a tranquil pond.
"No comment," Gehry responded, to applause, though not as much as he received previously. (Gehry fans had to perform a quick calculation: it’s one thing to admire the architect, but another to endorse eminent domain.) OK, Hagan’s set of questions was loaded, but wouldn't it be worth learning Gehry’s record with eminent domain? (Photo of Gehry and Hagan meeting at the AIA session in November by Genevieve Christy, as appearing in the Brooklyn Papers article. Note another take on that article.)
yum yum!
The lobbying was evident to anyone there. But for some of those present, Bush didn’t go far enough. David Byer, a senior manager with Apple in charge of developing education business for the company, groaned and leaned over to another attendee sitting at the edge of the room after a lunch session. “You have this many people together, why can’t you say, ‘Here are the ten elements, here are some sample bills’?” said Byer to David Stevenson, who nodded in agreement. Stevenson is a vice president of News Corporation’s education subsidiary, Wireless Generation, an education-technology firm that specializes in assessment tools. It was just a year ago that News Corp. announced its intention to enter the for-profit K-12 education industry, which Rupert Murdoch called “a $500 billion sector in the US alone that is waiting desperately to be transformed.”
In cartography a clear triangle stands for natural gas while a darkened triangle means oil well. Mapmakers at this very moment have a lot of dark triangles scattered across maps of the Gulf of Mexico.
In fraction of a second he was gone.
I used my very under-used Martha Stewart deep border punch and inked all the edges in old paper distress ink. The stamp I stamped directly onto the lighter gingham paper and layered them up. I had a little of the darker yellow paper left so I stamped the centre of the daffodil only onto the scraps I had left. This saved me doing any colouring whatsoever which is good as I'm quite a slow colourer! The ribbon and bow (I think) are from the sunshine capsule collection which were from a previous Docrafts goody bag!
I read book 2, Cylon Death Machine, (based on the two-part epic, "Gun On Ice Planet Zero") even more times. Thurston's adaptation is a terrific space adventure story that improves on the teleplay somewhat, and employs a truly neat narrative device that switches around between the viewpoints of various characters - including the hardboiled convicts that the Galactica crew conscripted from the Prison Ship for this "Dirty Dozen Against the Guns of Navarone at Ice Station Zebra" mission. Berkley chose to use Frazetta's TV advertising art for this cover - which I'm sure was a very wise commercial decision.
Here Down Under it's Spring time, and whilst for some of us it's time to celebrate the end of the cold weather, pack away the blankets and rejoice in the return of all the pretty flowers - for others it's time to don team colours and cheer for the last game of the footy season (that's rugby, not soccer for you non-Aussie speakers) with the Grand Final!
There was still at least half the bolt left of the navy wool-blend fabric I used for my 1950s pants, so I bought myself another 3 metres with this fabulous 1930s dress in mind. Knowing how beautifully it falls, I think it will make a lovely skirt and I'm picturing red piping and buttons for the bodice detail. Classy!
The 10 Most Egregious Exclusions:
PS: Speaking of blood...
*Cardstock: PTI White; Bazzill Bling; Stampin' Up! silver
1 1/2 cups old-fashioned oats
The lineup motion almost certainly would have ended the case at the next scheduled hearing (Feb. 7). But it got overshadowed by the DNA controversy. Under extemporaneous questioning first from Bannon and then from Seligmann attorney Jim Cooney, Dr. Brain Meehan eventually admitted that he and the DA had entered into an agreement to intentionally withhold results showing that the DNA of several unidentified males in the accuser’s rape kit. Before the hearing, Nifong said he didn’t know about Meehan’s findings; directly afterwards, he said he did—but felt it important not to turn over this information, so as to protect the privacy of the unindicted lacrosse players. How such a course would, in any way, benefit the unindicted players Nifong explained neither then nor since.
If you saw my earlier post I told you I was looking for motivation. I got motivated enough to do one of the projects I talked about. The lampshade didn’t look fallish… but it inspired me!
From a creation perspective, this yama guides us in our approach to our own sexuality and where it interacts with others. My teacher likes to say that Brahmacharya is about not being manipulative in relationships, and acting in a spirit of compassion, non-violence and honesty.
It quickly becomes a tug-of-war. I grab one end, she has the other. We are engrossed in the behemoth produce for a few minutes, till we notice the old guy sneering his disapproval while maneuvering his cart around us.
from its pores – the gash of life
I scowl, "Can I just sell you instead." I say "I am sure someone must want you.... somewhere."
Yes it seems like this will go down as the year of the braids, so everyone better start growing their hair out, or, for the deep pocketed, get extensions, lest you fall behind the fashion curve. Ya dig?
I once asked someone who had managed a ‘massage parlour’ – in other words, a brothel – how he had avoided getting raided by the police. He looked at me as if I was mad:
Here's my haul! For under $20 I found a vintage sewing basket, lots of notions and buttons, clip on earrings and lots of other odds and ends including 2 more pieces for my pyrex collection.
the last flaps...cut off...then the tab that's left (middle) fold on the 10 1/2" score line down. then the bottom corners...fold in diagonally. fold up on the 8 1/2" score line...to make the bottom half of the envelope. You will only be adding double stick tape on that flap that's being folded up.
I snapped the bikers' picture after they passed us on their way back to the vehicles. I could hear Wilson yelling, "Walker" long before they reached us. (Walker asked if he could run with them back to the cars, but the answer was no. He got to ride on the stroller instead.) Brad and Wilson rode 5 miles, which is pretty impressive considering its Wilson's first ride of the year. He did say his legs were sore today. He loved it. And now we don't have to get him anything for his birthday ;)
To assemble: Cut the biscuit in half, spoon some of the strawberry mix, add some whipped cream, and top with the other biscuit piece. You could even all more strawberries on top of the biscuit or dust with powdered sugar.
10. Weights & measures 5:05
This year the leaves from our big maple tree have come down nice and slowly. There hasn't been a lot of wind to blow them all into the marsh behind the tree. So it seemed like a good idea to get them raked up before the wind start to blow (and it is blowing out there right now) and get the dahlias mulched for the winter.
I have no intention of stopping my treatment, but whenever that panic starts to creep into my heart, I’ll have this blog to quell it immediately. I’m pretty good about being rational concerning my Chronic Kidney Disease but I’m also human and those what-ifs can make the teeniest little bit of headway when I’m feeling low. Maybe you can use it, too.
The Marriage Plot by Jeffrey Eugenides
8. I hate Indian Chinese. Its got nothing Chinese about it except a bucket full of soy sauce. We went to our fav Chinese restaurant the day we landed and it was heavenly. We both decided that getting back to London was so worth it :)
“The discovery that one is really the source of thinkingness reveals that one is not really the victim of the mind, but rather the originator of the phenomenon by virtue of intention and desire.” -Scott Jeffrey, Dissolving the Ego
The problem was getting to watch his movies. The Star satellite television network in Asia aired some of his Westerns in the 1990s but the pan-and-scan prints of his widescreen movies were so poor that I couldn’t sit through any of them. I finally snapped up the five-disc “The Films of Budd Boetticher” when a web retailer had it on discount last year and was blown away by the five films in the box set that were lovingly restored by Martin Scorsese’s The Film Foundation and Sony.
b) my musical radar is out of whack? Or to get technical, the Ralphee Dee musical radar has high sidelobe levels?!
What the alumni have done to keep Governor’s School alive and kicking is tremendous. The amount of money raised legitimately astounding.
in Jerusalem you decisively refuse to ride caps or taxis. something inside you urges you to walk on your own. you gaze and gaze at the streets, you listen carefully to the sounds around you as if these streets are telling their stories and you want to listen.
So anyways I just wanted you guys to have a peek at the first two (Uncompleted, see? No borders and the cake board is rather... White.) tiers of my entry for the cake competition.
Among women who delayed sex until adulthood, 15 per cent divorced at five years, compared to 27 per cent at 10 years.
