Pages: 346
Now i'm not normally one for spots make my eyes go funny hehe! but i dug out all my spotty things and created something a little unqiue of course!
The big lark business in Leipzig came to a sudden end, when the Saxon King prohibited the killing of skylarks in 1876, due to public protests. A Leipzig baker then invented a sweet alternative, now known as the "Leipziger Lerche" (Leipzig Lark). This short pastry cake contains marzipan, almonds and strawberry jam, its appearance resembling that of the original lark pies. The Leipzig Lark is now a favorite Leipzig
This is one of my cards from the Card Creations Get Inspired issue- The inspiration photo was a stack of older vintagey styled postcards. I don't do vintage very well... so I did clean vintage! ;) This card uses several Unity stamps- Vintage Post Card, and the sentiments are from another kit (which I can't find on the website-sorry!) The dies are from Spellbinders- S4-168 Large Labels.
At our 20th class reunion five years ago, who was asked to be the speaker of the class? Me. No one ever heard of Barack! And five years ago, nobody even knew who he was. The guy who writes the class notes, who's kind of the, as we say in New York, 'the macha' who knows everybody, has yet to find a person, a human who ever met him."
Applying Coloring & Design Concepts
“Hello sir, on behalf of all the Filipino community in Singapore and new citizens like myself, we thank you so much for believing in us and I hope you will continue your good policy of bringing more people from all over the word to take Singapore forward.”
Here is some fan art for Sym-Bionic Titan, which is... SO AMAZING. You really should be watching this show. Seriously. There's 11 episodes so far with (hopefully!) 9 more on the way sometime in the future.
All Submissions will be rolled over and considered to be entered into the contest for the following year.
Firstly take your corn off the cob by running a knife down the edge of the cob, under the kernels. The corn will shoot around a bit but persevere. Chop your zucchini in half down the middle then into half again. Slice each quarter so you are left with small chunks. Put a splash of oil into a non stick frying pan and place over medium heat.
B: Scavenger Hunt
Because it is written, Be ye holy; for I am holy.
the lack of true
How does its need for political expedience to secure the Malay votes and win the general election deal with its avowed intention to implement 1Malaysia that directly rejects Ketuanan Melayu?
At the inn I told the same story about my mythical brother. People fear the Hashishim.
Settle down, Kari.
Gary is made of Tofurky, cucumber, & rice cheese. The floatie is soy cheese and red bell pepper.
1/2 cup glutinous rice flour (otherwise known as "mochiko", or sweet rice flour, available at most asian markets)
Susan Smith’s children
friends; the people out there are great. There’s the best record shop in the world, 12 Tónar, where they will sit you down, give you headphones and an espresso and all the time you want to make your choices. The festival itself is enormously well organised, relaxed and easy to get around – the six
Sarah Wirl - 54
Oh, do not ask, “What is it?”
At a hearing earlier today, the Florida Department of Children & Families persuaded a judge to strip Dent of custody of the three children. During the hearing, a DCF investigator told the judge that Dent was “a person of interest” in a double, possibly a triple, homicide.
Driving to pick up Liam I get a call....BLOCKED. Worried that it's Laura needing something, or something is wrong with my Grandma, I answer.
Of course, the real question is this, why is it that each and every tax paying the US is having to deal with a multi-trillion dollar debt, not of their making. That’s the real question, not whether or not Warren Buffett’s secretary needs better tax advise.
We made a pitcher of lemon-cucumber water to drink EXCEPT I did not realize I didn't have cucumbers....oldest son sliced zucchini, thinking it was cucumbers, into the water. NO one noticed though. haha!
Me: (now bricking it. I mean, I'm blonde, in a highlighted kind of a way, and I really don't know if either "yes" or "no" is going to be acceptable. Seriously, are the doors unlocked?) Er, no. (Is this the right answer?)
1) Keep Tinges Commons as a functioning community garden and art space. This is your chance to take over a fully functioning community garden public art space. All the infrastructure is there, but we need new blood and fresh organizers to keep it active.
Ink: Certainly Celery, Rose Red
forty minutes to keep rock commercial free yeah
Always: We try to brush them out so there isn't quite so much on the floor.
and coats are for fools,
What I want to discuss is healing, and how I cannot justify it with my rational being: so how just to trust my emotional being? Of course I did that before: transitioning from acting male to expressing myself female makes no sense at all, rationally, apart from the fact that I Wanted to do it. I so want my rational brain to be able to justify healing work, and it can’t. I grew up having to justify everything rationally, being unaware of my feelings.
with the son of man whom you yourself made strong.
I remember my sister and I making little clay cups and plates and feeding farm animals and running barefeet all summer long...
My debut novel, Fezariu’s Epiphany, is set during the Fourteenth Shard, or age of history, in Elenchera and reveals a time when colonialism is prospering and the world’s most famous hired hands – the Merelax Mercenaries – are somewhat in decline. That’s merely the backdrop to the story of Fezariu whose early childhood includes the abandonment of his mother and the murder of his stepfather, all significant moments that shape him in later life. The reader learns of Elencheran history in the novel but it is merely to set them in the moment, not to offer them a seemingly endless history lesson.
At this moment of time there was hardly anyone left who believed in the official version legitimating the foreign intervention. UN-resolution 1973 from the 17th of March 2011 empowered a coalition of willing states around NATO to intervene militarily in a regional uprising to build a shelter over the civic population, to protect civilians. The opposite was the case. In these eight months NATO flew 9600 sorties causing an innumerable figure of deaths, both soldiers and civilians. Regional uprising thereby accelerated towards a civil war. The aim of the NATO-intervention did not even respect the text of UN-resolutions 1973 and 1970.
I would give myself to you
Press garlic with a garlic press and mix in a pinch of salt, mix together well with the back of a spoon. Combine the garlic and salt with the coconut milk, curry paste and brown sugar in a small bowl. Stir in the lemon juice and dried cilantro, then whisk in the oil. Let stand while you prepare the rest of the salad. Adjust to taste before pouring on salad.
Vietnam had become, as Michael Arlen puts it in a wall panel, "The central fact of American life, the force that was changing shape beneath everything else in that period. "
Apparently I've been unaware of my current polka dot obsession. Almost all of the things that I've bought in the past month or two have polka dots on them, and I didn't even realize this until my most recent purchase of a polka dot dress from Forever 21 on Thursday. Polka dots seem to be pretty popular right now considering that they're popping up in stores everywhere. They're cute and girly, and celebrities are also loving the trend!
Of course, I do not claim that we are never deceived-just that we can penetrate such deceptions. Given this fact, we can trust our senses as long as we are suitably cautious. To use an analogy: trusting the senses is like relying on a safety rope while climbing. They do fail occasionally, but as long as we are suitably careful we can be reasonably safe. To doubt our senses because they occasionally fail us would be like refusing to use safety ropes while climbing because they sometimes fail. Thus, Descartes’ argument does not justify the degree of skepticism alleged.
Stability of EarthNow
I thought of that today, reading a piece in the Guardian by Paris Lees. I thought a little of that last week, when asked to explain why trans folk should be treated on the NHS. The answer comes in two parts.
I drink wine and I give blow jobs. Would you like one? I wouldn´t mind and you wouldn´t have to feel bad, I´m not a damaged person. In fact, I´m surrealistically undamaged, I grew up as one of the children in ”The Children of Noisy Village”. So when I say I´m game, I´m game, no strings attached. Liberating, huh?
My first thought two man had been sitting quietly and read their Bible, and been arrested by some nasty police officers. But guess what.
The study found that depressed women that supplemented with 2.5 grams of Omega-3 fats daily experienced significant reductions in their symptoms. In an important finding, the scientists conducting the study found that the long chain fat was responsible for dramatic improvements in future outlook, self-esteem and quality of life. Researchers commented “This [quality of life] observation has never been achieved before and it appears of great value from the clinical point of view, due to the importance of these aspects in the elderly population.”
In May 2007, the renowned investigative reporter Seymour Hersh told Democracy Now!:
blue agava and cacao perfume
and i was not about to pass up an opportunity to photograph them.
- No, he said, and in that syllable managed to pack a certitude of bloody finality at which I had not previously guessed.
Chris Petrella (REP) 1.94% 36
Grandiose and Frisuer live about three and a half hours away so the trip would be long and tedious without any hiccups. Well, this wouldn’t be much of a story to tell if there wasn’t a hiccup to talk about now would it? Well in the process of traveling up the major highway, that they travel, into town splits off into a business route for trucks and such to bypass driving through town and the normal route for motorists. Well taking the business route puts you outside of town and eventually leads North into Michigan. My cousin had called me once before when they were a couple miles out of town to get more detailed directions. Well, me not thinking about the highway splitting off into two routes, I forgot to remind them to not take the business route, as that would put them in the wrong direction. A few minutes later I received a phone call stating that they had ended up in Michigan. This is the exact moment when I realized what I had forgot to mention about the highway splitting out into two different routes. So, in light of the news, it really wasn’t a huge deal as getting back into town and headed in the right direction was pretty simple. At this point in time I can just imagine how tired Grandiose was as he had been up for a solid 14 hours plus working at this point.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever.
Review (by kris)(spoilers): I was lucky enough to find this manga in the beginning stages of its creation and before it became popular, and so was spared all the spoilers going around today. Death Note is really one of a kind. I love how it’s a story that uses battle of the minds instead of battle of the fists.
Yeah, it’s really tripped out. It was really strange. I remember that and I don’t know if it’s because you’re sick and your mind isn’t well--something is happening and going on in there. Whenever we’re writing music, I had that same kind of indescribable hue that hazed over. And it’s not always there, but it’s on and off.
As a follow-up to these actions, begin to ugly-cry (again LOUDLY) and tell every living soul who passes your ugly-crying-face that you dropped your phone in the toilet and now it is dead, and repeat "WHAT AM I GOING TO DO, OMG, MY LIFE IS OVER!" ad nauseum.**
Loosestrife was once widely used as a medicinal herb, but it has become less popular in modern times. The different species have various medicinal uses.
This group of immortals became the 13th Tribe, and they’ve been trying to earn their way into heaven ever since-by killing sinners. Though their logic is twisted, their brilliance is undeniable. Their wrath is unstoppable. And the technology they possess is beyond anything mere humans have ever seen.
With the goals in mind for cycling within a liveable city-community, then a strategy for bike station location can be developed to support the city’s goals with an appropriate focus on drivers, on newbie commuter cyclists, and on dedicated commuter cyclists.
Parents are particularly vulnerable to this cluster of anxieties. Ideas of nurturing go hand in hand with protecting children from danger. But if some protection is good, more is not necessarily better. Before long it becomes stifling and stultifying. It prevents children from learning to assess danger for themselves, and from thinking how to avoid it. Driving children to school rather then letting them walk, ride bicycles or catch the bus not only wastes energy, it encourages laziness and the lifestyle diseases that afflict growing numbers of the young.
Currently the top news result for BBC is Obama’s apology for NATO forces burning the Koran. When I first read the news yesterday or the day before, I thought “Wow. That was stupid. How could they be so disrespectful?” But then I thought about all the images I’ve seen from around the world of people burning the American flag. And then I thought about how many people around the world may burn bibles and torahs. And now I think about all the other book burnings and iconic imagery that’s been destroyed around the world. So why is this such a big fucking deal? What is so much more holier and special about Islam?
Resultant Luck: This is luck relating to the results of our actions. Poisoning cases A and B give us some idea of what is involved here. In both cases, Mike acted in the exact same way, but the results of his actions were different. In one instance, they led to the death of Marge, and in the other they did not.
I felt about the giraffe about the same way I felt about the nice boy -- he was maybe not what I expected to have, but he sweet and cute and oh, would you just look at him!?
While stumbling
Is it too early to plant the ‘early’ tomatoes outside? They are flowering, after all…..
UPDATE 2 Wacom has updated the app to v 1.3. Now, you can add put to 20 notebooks…but for a price. You must pay for an in app purchase to get the Notebook Pack. The in app purchase price is currently $1.99 US.
As you may know, I started doing Jillian Michael’s 30-day shred. Well, as I suspected, it only lasted a week. I get bored so easily and this is no exception. This workout, while a good one, became boring after day 2. I was so tired of hearing the same speech she gives. I found out there’s an option on the DVD where you can just play the music instead of the speaking. AWESOME! Until I realized I didn’t know when to change positions or how many reps I was doing because I couldn’t hear her guidance. FAIL. Then I decided I would do it every other day or interspersed with my running. But I found other things to do and quickly gave up.
Nate Ryerson
been taken out of the bathtub
I will stay the story was very compelling and kept me wanting to continue on, but the biggest downside is the fact that it’s a prequel. Being 3 games in at this point, we know what happens to some of these characters, especially General RAAM. Being such, fighting him at the end, while extremely fun, kind of took the surprise out of it because we know he can’t die in this. The same theory doesn’t apply to the other new characters here so there still manage to be some surprise and wonder at what (if anything) will happen to them. Don’t expect any major story revelations either as you’ll be disappointed. This DLC is pretty much a self contained story and won’t affect the exploits of Delta Squad in any way.
You see, my old friend, I did receive all the emails you sent me and I’m sorry that I ignored you for so long. But I now I’m back and ready to tell you the truth. So, no, I’ve never shaved my armpits except for a brief period in 1973 during the Yom Kippur War when it was all the rage. Yes, we do intend to attend the London Olympics but only in a sporting capacity. I hope to qualify for the marathon now that my giant transparent jelly costume has arrived. As you know, Judy will be dressed as a custard.
Is Project Pay Day A Scam
So many people have the flu! Yet they continue to go to school (although some stay home from school but still come to English lessons!) and work and get everyone else sick. I don’t know why it’s so prevelant since most people say they have gotten vaccinated. A couple of the elementary schools have canceled classes for certain grades for the week to try to stop the spread. I’m trying to be careful and I did get vaccinated before I came here so we’ll see…
Station officials have promised to diversify their staff and add more minority hosts at the station where conservative hosts often rail against taxes and illegal immigration.
It would be great if this could be the beginning of something new, no matter how small. Children’s fiction, more than anything else, should be the wellspring of new ideas and fresh views of the world. Kids, more than anyone, take diversity in their stride. They can handle heroes from different backgrounds. We just need to get some in front of them.
After hitting the iceberg the Titanic broke up. The court ruling means that the environmental impact of the Ratner’s proposed mega-monopoly must be freshly considered (as it was never actually properly considered at all) and that means that one of the prospective effects of such consideration is that what was once considered as one huge mega-project solely owned by Ratner may now be broken up into multiple parcels to be developed by multiple smaller (better) developers as, for instance, is envisioned in the community’s UNITY Plan. It’s the better way to go.
From her platinum blonde locks and her red lipstick to her form fitting dresses, no one can argue that Marilyn was an icon in the truest sense and ranks as one of the most influential women in history (style wise). In a case of imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, UK's Telegraph did a piece recently on celebrities who have taken a page from her style book and channeled their own inner (and in this case outer) Marilyn....
1. What genre are you playing?
The pregnant woman’s diet and stress level, in particular, provide important clues to prevailing conditions, a finger lifted to the wind. The resulting tuning and tweaking of the fetus’s brain and other organs are part of what give humans their enormous flexibility, their ability to thrive in environments as varied as the snow-swept tundra in Siberia and the golden-grassed savanna in Africa.
But I didn't leave them to fend for themselves. I left them with their father. THEIR FATHER. I think that was my mistake.
Writing a proposal is a lengthy but necessary procedure if you want to increase your chances for success.
Ziggy
Invisible “pain rays,” lasers that blind, tasers “on steroids,” so-called “calmative agents,” deafening microwaves, ear-splitting Long Range Acoustic Devices, and other torture technologies are either now being deployed by police or are being tested.
Angry Wind ~ by Jeffrey Tayler (Chad, Niger, Nigeria, Mali)
Seriously, who wants to go to bed with nasal obstructions? Not me. I don’t know when or why this became part of my night time ritual, but just as I can’t go in to the cinema without going to the loo first, I have to clear my airways before getting in to bed. Please can someone tell me that they do this as well? Anyone? No?…
world's most dangerous country for journalists in the first quarter of
This is even more true today, because the world is experiencing the worst capitalist economic crisis since the Great Depression of the 1930s. Oil has become the lifeblood of modern day imperialism, and it is precisely for this reason that the Middle East and the ex-Soviet republics in central Asia are such critical areas of the world to imperialism. At the same time, the oi lcompanies and other powerful multinational corporations, which are at the heart of the U.S. capitalist economy, depend for their very existence on the continuation of highly dangerous processes and unchecked pollution. The oil and petrochemical industries are one of the main sources of the greenhouse gas emissions that cause climate change and global warming.
I didn't intend to blog about lunch, just enjoy it. Didn't even have my camera. But when we got there the light was perfect, so why not snap a few plates with my iPhone? The results were a surprise, nice enough to share (I hope you'll agree). This is not the whole menu, just a few dishes that looked best in the new year's Provencal light.
Frack water boom. Environmentalleader posts on the nine-fold growth (to $9b) expected for the hydraulic fracturing water treatment market by 2020.
On paper – I’ve never felt so alive, hydrated and healthy. In practice – I’ve never peed so much. I can’t commit to a one hour meeting, out of fear of pissing myself. The commute home becomes a race to not pee all over my car.
My grandmother, who stayed at my cousin Linda's house (she lives two or three houses over from my great-grandmother's house) arrived in Gaspe this day, the Thursday, and after spending some time at Linda's, saw our car here and headed over to say hello. It was a very grey day though, it was raining off and on (making picture taking risky), and I was suffering from truly horrible allergies, so we didn't stay very long.
So here’s what’s new: I got promoted! Yay! And then I got demoted…Yeah, I know. I was like, “Seriously?”. But forget that part, because I’m done bitching about a job that doesn’t stimulate me anyway. But here comes the good stuff: The man and I just celebrated our four year anniversary! Last year this time, I was blogging from Amsterdam. This year, it was less extravagant, but very cute. He whisked me away to a little beach town over the weekend, plus, he kept it a secret. That, in itself, is a freaking miracle. He cannot keep a secret. So it was incredibly sweet, and very romantic.
Mary: I loved Bugs Bunny for all those reasons! He never lost his cool. What were you like as a teen?
Anybody notice any discrepencies on their viewer numbers for your blog as well? I’ve noticed that on certain days I get told that an account (of which is nothing but one advertisment post) keeps looking at my blog nearly 40 times. Does this happen with everybody, or is this some sort of spam problem that I can actually get rid of by reporting it?
Not quite sure what form their IM / texting / social networking equivalents should be. But something. a way to keep the group mind rocking. And when Tania has popularity problems on board the ship then she ought to be able to tell not just based on her paranoia (although eventually, leaving her with no more tools that that might be a good idea) but based on trends kept somewhere in the ship’s boards. On its network. Just because they’re isolated from Earth and the larger population doesn’t mean they have to be isolated from each other. Except at dramatically significant times.
Prime Minister Putin recently unvielded the new Russian direction of exploration, in some ways it is both more ambitious and more modest than earlier.
Evening everyone. Finally at home relaxing. Dinner is done, and it's time to sit with a coffe, I think a little shot is Baileys in it is in order. Cleaning job this morning before I headed off to the real job. It's starting to get a little hectic at the grocery store these days. With everyone stocking up for the holidays. I can't believe we only have a week left. Haven't even gotten my baking done. The goal for tomorrow is to make our ginger cookies. The kids like to help cut out the different shapes.
1 permit
4. She has taught herself how to tech ed patterns. (check they make sense I believe!)
Our friends wanted to get together this year for a lot of things, it was so hard to get everyone together on the same night at the same time so we decided to have one combined party for all the things we wanted to get together for. Thus our New Thanksmas Eve party. We went over to April’s parents house and had dinner. We were all in charge of something. Alex played in a tennis tournament and won a turkey so they supplied the beautiful bird. We were also having a contest on the WORST best Christmas outfit. Congratulations Dallas. It was pretty hilarious. After dinner we had awkward family Christmas photos in front of the tree:
When we arrived home Only Daughter was at the computer attempting to check in on line and select her preferred seat,in preparation for her much awaited trip overseas.
06.Epic
"Hello - How are you!
Kristin Dunst and Charlotte Gainsbourg star as two sisters, the former gets married in the first part, and they are coming to terms with the end of the world descending upon them. A new planet is being seen, Melancholia (hence the name), and it looks as if it is going to eclipse planet Earth. There’s not really anything else to say, which was one of my main problem’s with this film.
3. Hayley Atwell (2007) – After seeing her performance as Mary, I began to suspect that any actress worth her salt can do wonders with the role. This actress was one of the bright spots in the 2007 lowly regarded version of Austen’s novel. Mind you, her portrayal was a little darker than the other two, but I still enjoyed her portrayal.
*slight exaggeration.
Sunday’s weather was a washout (much like today), but I managed to get to the plot beforehand to check everything over. The broad beans are looking alright-ish, although at least 3 plants have fully died back. Not to worry, there’s a glimmer of new growth at the base and let’s not forget my back up plan – new seeds lurking beneath the soil to take over if need be.
I was entirely pleased with Snape. I loved his memories and the editing that was done in that scene. His death was one of the most frightening in the series because you don’t see it happening. You see the shadow and see the snake strike and the noise makes it almost unbearable to watch but it is perfectly done. Snape is one of my favorite characters and I feel he was done justice in this film but I was impressed at the ending as well. The battle was done well and I am not the biggest fan of action only sequences.
The training syllabus for this three months program is available on the website over here and it appears to have been meticulously drafted. As per this syllabus, the training will be spread over 6 modules, which are as follows:
“So, you liked his arms, huh? I’m sure he’s on the juice.” I said while throwing in an accusing look for good measure.
So, now you know what makes us all psychic and what makes our kids better at it. Let’s talk about how you can support your children on this Blissful path, and what your role might be.
Our Secret Wish For Life
Even though computer Xmas Announcements will be the most typical trip stationery choice, there are several some other getaways occasions you could tend to enjoy. Many of the some other considerable kinds incorporate Halloween party, Mardi Gras, Christmas, Brand-new Many years, plus much more, that pay for the possibility to enjoy all year round. Trip Wedding invitations can be found online to fit any type of trip celebration you want to organize. You may even customize these with your own request terminology and wording photos to possess tailor made letter head that you will adore.
-1/4 cup chopped or sliced or slivered almonds
So near the water
Copics used -
announced that it intends to explore opportunities to sell a number of its consumer print and digital publishing assets in its Professional/Trade business as they no longer align with the company's long-term business strategy. Fiscal Year 2011 revenue associated with the assets to be sold was approximately $85 million with a direct contribution to profit, before shared-service expenses, of approximately $6 million. Assets include travel (including the well-known Frommer's New World, and CliffsNotes. Wiley will re-deploy resources in its Professional/Trade business to build on its global
I love the cute design and the colors the designer use and on top of the two, the prices are very reasonable at Magnolia. It’s the best! Needless to say, I enjoyed shopping at Magnolia. There is one Magnolia store at Senayan City Shopping Mall, a fancy shopping mall in Jakarta. I found out that there is another one in Pondok Indah Mall 2 as well.
I believe that this state that many animators find themselves in is because of one idea:
Set up bird feeders. Birds also appreciate a source of unfrozen drinking water during the winter. Use one of the many styles of birdbath heaters or heated birdbaths available at garden centers. When feeding the birds, set up a variety of feeder types to get the best assortment of birds to come to your yard. Tube feeders are good for songbirds, platform feeders are good for cardinals and larger birds, and suet is a great source of fat and energy for woodpeckers and all bird types.
I have a card that's a bit overdue, but I'm just getting all the pictures loaded off the camera..so overdue or not, here it is.
He had faith in government, that it could – would, might — through virtue, win loyalty & achieve peace. But what if it doesn’t govern virtuously? Then he scorned it. But he scorned business even more: “The Master said, a superior man has a complete understanding of righteousness; the small man has a complete understanding of profit.”
HAPPY WEEKEND!!!
Cost: Free as always, donations* appreciated!
To my family here, I'll miss being able to walk down the hall to see you.
the star, the dogs, the road, the shadow
For those of you familiar with software development, we were in the final stage of a major release. For those not familiar, software development tends to be cyclical, and at the end of a release cycle, things get insanely busy. That's when everything has to be tested completely, all bugs fixed and retested, all the help completed, all the code finalized and packaged and ready to be deployed. It's hectic. Some releases more than others. This one was a crazy one.
Hear is more about it...
Don’t wait to long and shatter to scattered pieces before you will trust Him.
Another in a series of analyses on my art. This one is that requisite artist’s show of silent narcissism…the self-portrait.
began understanding a little.
1 homogenous
“Can we begin the auction now?”His father asks the people there. “The one who buy with highest price will get my son.”
I’d make you feel alive
HCAD Appraised @ $142,085.00
Shad took Chandler to his first Father & Sons camping trip in May. Shad's rule is that he will take the boys when they are potty trained. I guess he doesn't want diaper duty while he is with "the guys". Chandler had a blast. It was a little cold, but I think they had a good time.
The Brighter Futures chief executive officer, Gill Brown, has not formally replied to new ham Council's offer.
I suspect this dynamic of capitulation, though, is not unique to Dick. I suspect it holds of Jung, too, though we cannot see it so clearly. It seems the capitulation that is quite natural to certain forms of modern society. Before addressing that, though, I want to take another detour.
1) Giggling hysterically as me and four little girls made two videos at Jib Jab.com: one with V. as a rappin' Dracula and me as a very green Frankenstein; the other with me and the little girls as, uh, Chippendales dancers. (Is that wrong?)
This is the recipe that I had tried from Show me the curry.com ..Its totally awesome and lovely recipe , and the filling is so nice that you can use it even as a sandwich filling , But I do strongly recommend you to try this and serve with love to ur family, My hubby ..totally loved it...I only change what i did was i added 1/4 cup grated carrot , u can omit this if u want and just stick to the original recipe :)
It was a different Ale Stars session last night as 65 gathered downstairs at The Local Taphouse in St Kilda like the bear that went over the mountain - to see what they could see.
- Categories: Senior Thesis/Honors Thesis, Senior Non-Thesis, and Non-Senior
Memories of the stupid things you've said do sometimes attack you in bed late at night, especially when you're listening to your neighbor's nine-year-old grandkid warbling, "It's a quarter after one/ I'm a little drunk/ And I need you now! into a karaoke machine.
Then add the fat. I take a box grater and grate in about 1/4 of a block of lard, so approximately 70g. Yes, lard. At home I'd use Crisco, which is some kind of industrial artery clogger of dubious provenance and probably banned by the EU. If you're vegetarian a hard marge will do, but veggie suet is probably better. Butter sounds like a good idea but for some reason biscuits made with butter never taste right to me. And they don't rise enough.
‘I’ve told you not to go up there by yourself,’ said his dad. ‘There’s a pipe at the bottom of the Resi. It pumps water down to the BP. There’s an undertow. I thought you knew.’
Its been hard times at Bissoux HQ for a while now and this time yesterday I was pitifully sad and sobbing onto my emergency BFF iphone chat, but LOOK AT ME NOW! photobooth ! GIFs ! blog posts that aren't 20 days late !
Ex-plane to the people how a company that was only 1 month old had the opportunity to tender for and get a $.9m contract Mr Gibbs.
Is it reality TV?
Check your insights page. You can change the order of the topics. Date and post are self-explanatory. The other topics are less obvious. Reach is FB's version of uniques - how many unique visitors engaged with your post. You can click on that and see the different kinds of reach - organic is people who saw in news feed, or clicked directly to it, was it paid from an ad or sponsored post, or was it viral. FB uses weird vocabulary, it means that a friend of a friend did something - they saw through that friend's actions. Engaged users are the ones who clicked on your content. Clicked link is when someone clicked on part of it to see what's going on - comments or likes – to see who did it. Stories generated is when people did something - answered your polls or commented, etc.
Kathryn gets an advance copy of Sarah Lazar’s first chapter of her competing book about the switch. She’s horrified to find mention of a long-ago miscarriage in there. She rails at John for sharing private details of their lives with Sarah and we find out the John and Sarah have a past history of talks, which he claimed were about baseball. Kathryn clearly believes that there was more than intimate conversation going on (she mentions a press photo) and John has clearly been denying this for a long time. There’s friction between the two, as he challenges her to trust him. I’m still wondering if there’s more to the story.
Attending the PGA show with Mac & Brendan. Brendan is coming down from Isle of Palms, SC.
If I'm not exactly transposed to another dimension of space I am definitely transposed to another time sitting there with my father in some steam bath cafeteria in the 1920s licking that plate of herring clean while my great uncle falls and nearly cracks his skull.
Serve with a little sour cream, an array of chilli sauces to allow people to heat it up to the level they like (this one is fairly mild, as my 5 year old son loves it) and whatever other stuff you like with chili. I'll also put out a small bowl of dark chocolate pieces, for people to throw into their bowl, but be careful, a little goes a long way. And of course, serve with the beer you made it with.
I'm running a bit late as usual, been busy in the craft room all day and haven't had chance to do any blogging... Here's my card for The Stamp Basket blog, using a gorgeous Bildmalarna stamp - I think she's so pretty :o)
I think it's a perfectly valid argument for a craft beer fan to say, "Yeah, but we don't want them to grow! We want them to stay small and crafty." It's your opinion - beers are built by fans and fans have a say, and God knows, I'm all for supporting small companies because they are not multinationals. But remember, when a big company buys a small company in this way, the small company also wants to sell. If the people who built this thing from scratch, who devoted 20 years of their lives to it, decide this is the next step in the evolution of the business, you have to respect that.
Alice was okay as a lead character, but I did find her a little dull to read about after a while. Yes, she's got a good heart and wants the best for everyone, but that didn't mean she was fun to read about unfortunately. I was a little bit fooled by the blurb as well as it makes out that Kate is the other main character in the book, but I found her not to be, and was just a minor character really. In fact, the other main character was Audrey, Alice's boss at the dating agency. In some ways, I actually preferred her story over Alice's because it was really interesting, and although it too was a bit slow-burning I wanted to see how it would pan out, and I ended up feeling a bit sorry for her, she was just a naive old lady really. Kate's story, however, was made up of a few dates, and then what happened after those dates and that was it. She wasn't particularly fun, or good to read about, and I found myself wanting to skip over her parts a little bit, especially as her dates progressed a bit more. I couldn't stand her best friend either, and don't see what she added to the book at all.
I am so grateful to hear this good news. Damocles' sword still hangs overhead, but the thread holding it just became a strong cord.
Wishing you all a successful collaborative year....
'Cause if you're bad, I'm warning you,
My perfect office would of course be lined with floor to ceiling bookshelves. My new office isn’t. But I’ll live with the moveable kid-height shelves until I know exactly where I want to build bigger ones.
This was indeed a challenge in many ways. I planned and wrote many of my posts well in advance of April and I would recommend this approach to anyone thinking of signing up next year. The last week and a bit was the hardest for me. I began the week not having written any of the posts, largely because I struggled to come up with topics for "w", "x", "y" amd "z", and on the whole, I would say they were my weakest posts. I'm also finding that the challenge has used up my store of ideas for posts and now I am scrambling around for something to write. So, what can I do now?
In any case, the point is: I'm having a paperback contest. Those of you interested in receiving a signed copy of the paperback should leave, in the comment box, your definition of what dance is. Two winners will be selected from among the participants, and the two winning definitions will be featured on my blog.
Looking forward to tipping my hat to you all today. LuLu
FrontPage Magazine: You make the shrewd observation of how political correctness engenders evil because of “the violence that it does to people’s souls by forcing them to say or imply what they do not believe, but must not question.” Can you talk about this a bit?
Row 22- in Both Loops(sc in 7, sc dec) around (48)
US Price: $37.50
Another game we played in the junior class was designed to get them started reacting to the literature in a thoughtful way. We sat in a circle and passed a ball around. When each child held the ball, it was his or her turn to speak. The first round we had to say the name of any character from the book. The second round we had to say the name of a character and then whether they were a hero or a villain. The final round we had to say our favorite character and why. It was fascinating to me to see these children, as young as five, really thinking about their choice. Several of them chose Milady DeWinter as their favorite, and when asked why, Elsa for example said, "Because she's powerful and knows how to get things done." I thought that was pretty insightful. Those who chose D'Artagnan as a favorite seemed a little horrified that anyone would pick the scar-faced man, for example. But I could tell from the discussion that they are all reading and all absorbing the material -- excellent.
Here’s some details about him
Deanna L. Galante, 32, New York, N.Y.
EVERYTHING IS REACHING A HEAD NOW
If you would like to see what others around the globe are shooting of their towns, I encourage you to go HERE.
I bought fancier jars than the ones in the article a. as a nice gift but also b. so that the jars can be stacked side on with the lids showing on a shelf. The blackboard paint in a tin was about a quarter of the price of the spray, but it has left some slight streaking, so spray might be a better bet! I've bought a chalk pen to write on them so that it's nice and neat and I'll give it with the jars.
Holly: "I'm pretty sure that was me."
This was the most common regret of all. When people realise that their life is almost over and look back clearly on it, it is easy to see how many dreams have gone unfulfilled. Most people had not honoured even a half of their dreams and had to die knowing that it was due to choices they had made, or not made.
Out of nowhere, strange noises appeared! We looked up.
On one of our walks, Sami discovered a Turtle. Richard suggested that we have a section on the blog which focuses on "Sami's Adventures". I think he could be having plenty here.
The Commission on Audit reported that billions of pesos allotted for the government’s swine program were missing. Babuyan na ‘to!
Octopoda
Suddenly, a "totally normal looking" black teenager hit the man's friend on the head three times, and then ran off. The man followed, but soon gave up. As he returned to the restaurant, he heard other African American teens taunt him, saying, "What's the matter, white boy, you scared?" and "All the white people are scared" as they laughed”. Yet as usual there is a conspiracy to lie, to present the obvious as something else, rather than an attack with racial overtones such incidents are merely mindless violence or as stated in this case, merely random, yet it is exactly the reinforcement of such behaviours that will or could lead to more savage attacks upon whites and the vulnerable as we are seeing in South Africa.
So, in focusing on making layouts for the Sketchbook 4 class, I took a little break from the Scrapbook Stamper's Workshop lessons. Truthfully, I was a little stuck on one lesson, because I just didn't have the stamps to make it work. I decided to skip it and to move onto the next challenge, which was to stamp & die cut & stitch a border of stars on your layout. I put my own spin on this challenge and came up with this layout:
In ancient Greece, democracy was more than just voting – it was a quasi-religious experience. People participated in the affairs of the community because community represented the holy and the good.
It took me over 1,000 entries (probably close to 2,000) for me to feel that I am getting the hang of what is good and what my “style” is. So I say before you have published at least 100 entries don’t make snap judgement too quickly. You are still learning. And I still consider myself learning by doing.
After the meeting we had an event to attend, so we quick ran out the door at 8pm for dinner and a good cause. Noodles and Company was sponsoring the National Kidney Foundation. For every bowl sold, a portion of the bill was going towards the foundation.
Of course I would love to expand on what I like
It's bad for everyone except Bolo.
2000s: Suzanne Collins’s The Hunger Games: I’m cheating and moving beyond the 20th century, but there’s nothing else from this decade that would work as well as this. It has the benefit of being YA and action-driven, which makes it a fast read for the end of a term.
Juliette Binoche, Code Unknown
In short there is no tension between the 'Will of God' on the one hand, and the Law on the other, for the law is also of God. Rather, the law is foundational.
Elba: “ It varies. If I’m in the club I’ve had females come up to me and rub their hands near my neck and say if I smelt their fingers I could smell what they taste like. I’ve had women straight up grab my nuts. It varies.
you once fought for
***Mike and I took Matt to see the Hunger Games this weekend. Freaking. Awesome. If you haven't gone. Go. If you haven't read the book. Read. Nough said!
Pack 2: Mike Wallace, Ryan Grant, Montario Hardesty RC, Matt Forte
Status and Submission Common. Breeding: riparian woodlands, thorn do, columnar exotic leave. Migration: in early spring, occurs in Tx extremely by mid- to overdue Goal, more generally beginning to mid-April; occurs in Free airline overdue April–early May. In slip, generally leaves May, unusual after mid-September. Winter: mexico to Honduras. Vagrant: recreational, mainly fall-winter, to seaside Califorinia (magister) and to seaside Tx, La, and California (cooperi, but 1 La rec. of magister).
Tabloid A smaller paper like the New York Post; tabs are usually more downmarket in tone and content than broadhseets
3 to 4 pers.
Enjoy The Journey!
There are a few movies and television shows that I was exposed to growing up that have had a large impact on my later interests in life. There was a particular period, when I lived on Travis AFB in northern California, between the ages of 4 and 6 in 1971-73, when I was first exposed to some out-of-the-ordinary themes that have remained of intense interest to me.
Since I started working in my current job, however, I’ve started to understand the ins-and-outs of expressing thanks. Nonprofit organizations are heavily dependent on the goodwill and generosity of others, and I’m reminded every day how lucky we are to be located in a community like Rome. My passion for expressing thanks these days stems from that acknowledgment. Gratitude is something that every organization should embrace. We should thank people for their engagement and involvement far more often than we ask them for assistance.
Dots of coconut cream, olive oil and Vietnamese dressing are visually striking but I find their flavours are lost in the dish.
The star of the table, though, was the seared pork and sweet potatoes in pasilla-honey sauce. It was worth every little thing I had to do to get in on the table:
Pitching matchups:
4) Victory Of The Daleks
The artwork in Ragnarok is phenomenal! It is hands down some of the best artwork I have seen in terms of manhwa/manga format! Every page is so full of detail and textures that it really makes you wonder why more people can’t flesh out their artwork this well. If I were to be honest, I would have to say that the art in Ragnarok is better than some of the artwork I have seen that were made specifically to be published in an art book compilation.
I have really grown to love cornbread lately, but making these muffins made me realize something; I think I like my cornbread savory, rather than sweet. These were scrumptious, don't get me wrong. But I had to think of them like a sweet muffin in order to fully embrace them. When I thought of them as a corn muffin, I found myself wishing I had cut down the sweetness in the recipe. If I make these again, I think I will still add the honey, but omit the brown sugar. I just don't think they need both.
I should probably precis this by saying that I am very good at auditioning and whether I get the job or not, I nearly always leave a casting feeling as if I did my very best.
Map and Address of SCR (Singapore Chicken Rice) Restaurant in Labuan, FT
Very few are connecting the rise in suicide rates to the rise in psychiatric drugs, especially among our military. If you haven’t heard, 18 U.S. veterans commit suicide each and everyday and this is based on a 6-year-old study. The Army had even reported that the number of deaths as a result of suicide in a 6-month time frame of 2006 is equivalent to all the troops killed in combat in Afghanistan. Now the number is increasing exponentially with troops being prescribed a cocktail of medication for every diagnosis; it surely doesn’t help when you are serving in your 7th or 8th tour. And we wonder why would a highly decorated solider committed suicide or slaughtered an entire village.
ANTHRAX will be fronted by singer Joey Belladonna.
I insisted that he lead me back to the bedroom before taking the blindfold off. I wanted to preserve the mystery and the fantasy for as long as possible.
Every single one of the boxes had some sort of dire warning prominently displayed. It was a real reminder of some of the terrible consequences of smoking. Still, I saw several people pick up a box or two and head toward the check out line. That’s how you know tobacco is incredibly addicting. I have compassion for people who started smoking and think they can’t quit. Like any habit it’s got to be monumentally difficult to stop. Good habits can be hard to form…like exercising regularly and bad habits can be hard to break…like smoking.
So much for NASA’s primary mission of space exploration says former NASA administrator Micheal Griffin who calls the change in priorities “deeply flawed“.
We connect with the human race in this time of harmonization to guide and support. We ask for you to reach out to us in your dreamtime and communicate with us for we are YOU and YOU are we.
According to local reports, San Vicente is virtually cut off by landslides and collapsed bridges, with the worst hit areas being Cuscatlan, La Libertad and La Paz.
Yesterday’s result sets the stage for a race between two pro-war, pro-austerity candidates preparing deep attacks on the working class and for explosive class struggles in the coming presidential term. Hollande is committed to slashing over €115 billion ($US152 billion) in budget deficits and has supported French imperialism’s wars in Libya and Syria.
-Yes, you can trust me. Now, tell me what happened -I said seriously to the girl.
On entering the winery I was again struck by how tiny it was, just an arched alcove built into the face of the cliff – which is visible through the window on the back wall – and also how well equipped it was. The tanks were small, but they were serious pieces of equipment and boded well for the wines.
Prediction: Well, they’re going to meet this man with her and I’m sure a case will present itself. And perhaps Watson will get his love interest?
And as you can see below, through some miracle of alien technology, they already have a burgeoning garden of organic kale going (a delicacy among their kind), despite the fact that this occupation began a mere 10 days ago on Halloween night…
My high school class has a core bunch of folks that have ALWAYS been tight. We keep in touch over the years. I have to admit I love that bunch and its nice to feel that comfort of seeing old friends. There are some that…over the years have just…..disappeared. We spent 4 years together and for whatever reason they haven’t kept in contact with ANYONE. ….No one……just…....gone. Friendship? FAIL.
Agbla F, Ergin A, Boris NW. Occupational working conditionss as risk factors for preterm birth in Benin, West Africa. Rev Epidemiol Sante Publique 2006; 54: 157-165.
…parts of an innovative seating system that ran along the seafront here, moulding itself to the environment without a break in its continuity, a really clever and amusing design, showing how art carry marry functionality to produce something that is both useful and aesthetically pleasing.
Clear Stamp : Prima Marketing
This resulted in very tender chicken that shredded easily. The next time I make it, I will do exactly that: Prepare the chicken, cook it in the slow cooker and when done, remove the chicken, let it cool slightly, discard the bones and lemon, shred the chicken and serve it on buns for delicious
4. We're having carrots for dinner...would you prefer yours raw or cooked?
How Can Your Business Benefit?
If you'd like, you're welcome to try guessing who took what shots, who suggested which themes, and/or which theme each group of three pictures represents! Good luck with that if you try! : j
The rally poses a dilemma for Najib, who since last year’s crackdown has sought to portray himself as a reformer, launching a campaign to repeal authoritarian laws in a bid to create what he called “the greatest democracy”.
Plumbing: Rs 5,000-15,000
Instead he gives me a valuation which seems faintly ridiculous and I release my hold on the corner. I had been wavering over selling but this helps with the decision. Let someone younger than us enjoy the house and its charms. I’m sure they will come to love the damp patches, peeling wallpaper, cracking paint and dirty carpets as much as we do. More likely they will rip out our life and insert a shiny new one of their own.
Acting manager for Public Safety Kenneth Chetty said he is not aware of the problem.
7. Once upon a time, there was a woman who discovered she had turned into the wrong person.
Certainly it’s possible to have a significant impact on the collective conversation of our time without exposing yourself to the thaumaturgic media. Though most mass media in every age are designed to force the recipient into a passive relationship to the incoming stream of information, disinformation, and thaumaturgy, there are always a few options that give the individual a voice or allow a conversation to take place, or both. The blogosphere is the current example of the species; a lively world of noncommercial monthly and weekly journals did the same thing through most of the twentieth century, and will no doubt do the same thing again through the second half or so of the twenty-first. There are other modes of shaping collective consciousness as well, of course, with the influence of personal example standing out in many ways as the most potent of the lot.
The following is in relation to access of existing workers to social welfare.
Cases range from mild to severe, with the latter presenting as an infant with male internal reproductive organs but female external genitalia that undergo virilization at puberty. Persons with complete androgen insensitivity syndrome (cAIS) have female external genitalia, develop in all outward appearances as female, but lack the female upper reproductive tract, may have undescended testes or ovotestes, and have the XY male chromosomal makeup.
The trip wasn’t so bad until the blowing snow prevented us from seeing anything in front of the car. Rick cautiously proceeded, concentrating on the few visible markings he could discern. However, I felt totally helpless in the passenger seat. It was a backseat driver’s nightmare! I braced my arms out in front of me, hanging on the dashboard (as if that would keep the windshield from smashing in on me) and forcefully hit the “brake” with my right foot repeatedly. I even tried inhaling loudly, very loudly! Nothing seemed to work. All my efforts to “help” were in vain. In fact, it is a wonder Rick could concentrate at all with all my arms and legs flailing and my moaning and groaning. I just had to trust that he would get us to our destination safely. And he did, safe and sound. After a trip that seemed to take an eternity, we arrived in Peterborough.
Finally, laugh and smile as much as you can. We are manifesting new life on Earth, so let’s infuse it with passion and positivity, for energy creates.
I wanted to take a look back at some of the good buys I've gotten to share with my blogger friends. Do you remember these?
Sebastian Easton always vowed he would avenge his stolen youth and title. Now back in London, the rightful Duke of Keswick—returning from battle a wounded, hardened, changed man—cannot forget the brave girl who once rescued him and his brothers from certain death.
Intense muscular spasms and pain in one or more areas of the body.
On the third Sunday of Advent, we add a new element into this solemn season of expectation and hope. Today we rejoice because we know that our hope for a savior was fulfilled in the birth of Jesus. Moreover, we know that the tears of this age will one day become overflowing streams of joy.
10) One of the top women wrestlers in the sport, MsChif will be in the house on March 27th when you make your debut at HVW/NWA Dynamo. If you should happen to go face to face with the Women’s Champion of the World, in your mind what do you see happing?
The papers are from the Echo Park Be Mine collection. The sentiment was stamped on Whisper White and cut out using the Circus Panels Cut Ups from The Cat's Pajamas.
Bastards of Young
Some of it is not optional--I work, I travel for work, I speak at conferences, I attend client dinners. Some of it is personal. Some of it is indulgent. Some of it is about keeping my relationship with Nate an actual relationship. But all of it is important.
Her arrival was dramatic and I will share more in the coming days, but the important end result is that we are both fine.
ROME
A belief in magic as a means of influencing the world seems to have been common in all cultures. Some of these beliefs crossed over into nascent religions, influencing rites and religious celebrations. Over time, religiously-based supernatural events (”miracles”) acquired their own flavour, separating themselves from standard magic. Some modern religions such as the Neopaganisms embrace connections to magic, while others retain only echoes of their distant origins.
Many of these old albums were my dad's, a collection of better times. He continued to buy albums sporadically, whenever he could spare a few dollars, from thrift stores and yard sales when he saw the wide range of my interests.
Checklist cards (CL)(151 to 158)
Pocket Dial by The Possum Posse
MMS (Multimedia Messaging)
“A few days ago, a Muslim asked me if we were allowed to possess WMDs – nuclear, chemical, and biological weapons. I said to him: ‘Yes, we must possess such weapons, but not use them.’ We must possess such weapons in order to strike terror in our enemies – ‘Strike terror in the hearts of the enemies,’ and frighten them. If we had nuclear weapons, they would be afraid to attack us, as was the case between the Soviet Union and the Americans, and between India and Pakistan. This is armed peace.
Whether your wedding is casual or formal, you should still follow the basic format for your invitation wording: host line, request line, bride and groom’s names, wedding date and time, location line and attire (if desired).
Thank you so much for your support and kind words. I can't tell you how much they brighten my day. I appreciate you all dearly.
Status and Submission Common year-round in start woods and brushy foothills, usually near lasting rivers. It has designed well to city progression where adequate deal with is offered. This species has been presented regionally within the common limitations of the planned vary, such as Ut. Effective for every have been created in Beautiful lovely hawaii, Argentina, Chile, and New Zealand.
71. Legends of the Fall (Brad Pitt) – Really a beautiful film.
Though Albinia’s reworking of the Mahabharata legend and her use of poetry as a central part of the narrative is innovative, the present-day story itself is too melodramatic. Long-lost aunts, turn out to be mothers. The bridegroom turns out to be a closeted homosexual in love with his new wife’s brother. One character, a Hindu nationalist who has disowned his own daughter for marrying a Muslim, is revealed as the rapist of his daughter’s Muslim maid. Though this present-day story is readable and allows Albinia to draw on her knowledge of contemporary Indian life, it feels as if the author has tried to include every possible aspect of Indian society – the rise of Hindu nationalism, Hindu-Muslim tensions, and inter-class relations. The revelation of family secrets at a wedding is also an old plot device, being used for example in Meera Nair’s Monsoon Wedding. Though Albinia’s characters, particularly, Leela, are interesting and the novel is mostly well-written, the body of the novel doesn’t live up to the innovative use of the Mahabharata in the frame story.
Just enter the code: SCS at checkout.
This teapot is fabulous!!! My grandmother had one just like it (I think) and anyway, tea pots like this always make me think of her. I love that there is even a sugar bowl and whatnot to match. Unfortunately, I already have several tea pots, so no reason for more.
The flamboyant Manager for Opposition Business has long faced speculation over his sexual orientation and has been the subject of rumours that he enrolled in voice-coaching lessons in a desperate effort to “butch up” a bit.
We hate our leaders, we tire of the sloganeering, we turn away from the speeches.
After the adult session, Nathan was using the computer and Marley and I were snuggled in one of the beds watching TV. I was channel hopping and found America's Funniest Home Videos (AFV) my favorite show! But, also watching NCIS. When Marley saw Tom Bergeron she said, "Is this Dancingy with the Stars?"
Welcome to my latest follower- I now have 68 and it would be great to get to 70 to coincide with the giveaway that I'm planning over the next couple of weeks!!
Commander William Guy Carr, in his book ‘Pawns In The Game’ probably written in 1948 stated that third revolution and third world war are in the offing for which the grouping is taking place. He also stated categorically that the third world war would be against Islam.
At the end the manifesto flags up that the ecological crisis presents practical conflicts that are very difficult to manage which is very timely and I see that yesterday Natural England published a response to the latest DEFRA Climate Change predictions stating that
This past weekend, Hanna and I were up in Maine celebrating an early Christmas with the folks. This involved a lot of good food, a Christmas carols service at nearby Colby College, and the creation of our very own tonttu for the apartment. Tonttu are Finnish house spirits that Hanna's mother learned about from her Finnish parents and grandparents. Here are some photographs that we took of the process of making two tonttus. It took the better part of Sunday morning.
At the end of the day, all 16 contestants were called before The Donald to learn how much money they had made for their favorite charities, and who would be the one sent home. Once the ASAP team was named the winner of the challenge, the ladies adjourned to celebrate with champagne while the men faced their fate like — well, certainly not like men.
Sausage sandwiches are easy -- especially if you can grab some good rolls. Personally, I like the baguette at Bon Fresco.
Listen!!!
Ok, maybe fabulous is a word with a little too much sparkle connotation, because these vampires? So do NOT sparkle! They don't sip your jugular with chic poise. They don't talk about breaking with tradition to be a human's one and only. They don't even engage in sarcastic flirt-banter.
ENQUIRIES: enquiries@lobbyist.com
And what I think is cool is that everyone is doing something different. Each person seems to have unique convictions and unique perspectives. They have all taken the time to allow God to reveal things to them individually. Like, this verse seems to be a good prayer for someone before they really start their covenant.
I come up the driveway after a long day at work, stopping once to remove a tree limb that had come down. When I get to the top of the drive, I see George coming from round back, to take his place as greeter when I open the car door.
He tried to avoid it at first; but then laughed and said that after all, the matter was not worth concealment, so he would let me into the secret. In substance, this is his story:
a. A thorny bush
www.urbansurvivalsciences.com (Coming Soon)
“Surely,” Kata thought, “God isn’t this crazy!”
(OMFG!)
Good luck! ♥
Imagine my surprise on Tuesday when we heard from county officials that two of the PIG PAC’s supported candidates were late filing their required campaign finance reports- a violation of state law. Seriously. Tamara Brogan (PIG PAC endorsed candidate for the School Board) and the right honorable Reverend Ricky Frazier (PIG PAC supported candidate for commissioner) both neglected to file their reports by the 5PM cut-off on Monday. So, here’s the question of the day- Do we genuinely want to entrust tens of millions of dollars in annual financial decision-making to these kinds of candidates for local office, people who can’t even get simple campaign finance reports in on time? I sure hope not.
Check out the videos for the adventurous Disparate Youth and the beat-making Big Mouth embedded below.
I absolutely bought it and I absolutely, absolutely wore it! It fits me surprisingly well! I keep getting strange looks, though, as I wear it at E3. Not that I think people are remembering the show (the damn whippersnappers these days need to get the hell off my lawn...), but I think it just puzzles them.
The portable Yamaha YPT210 is easy to buy online, you just need to know where to get the best deal, but more importantly these days you need to be careful with your credit card details! Why pay hundreds or even thousands, when the Yamaha YPT210 does the job? It has a teaching you to play feature that helps your children to learn quickly, and enjoy themselves.
If you're interested in ordering any of Robyn's new sets, or any of her old ones for that matter, click HERE for her retailers!! Also, this Saturday, May 5, is National Scrapbook Day!!! Be sure to stop by Robyn's blog to see what fun she and the Pink Designers have in store for you!! Thanks for coming by today!!
We're having a Release Party, and it is full of great activities, stamp set reveals, and fun with friends! All of the partying will take place in our Release Party forum, so be sure to bookmark it!
Yes, Christmas is when we celebrate the birth of Jesus. But when I focus on what that birth means to me even now, today, and for all my days ahead-It sends shivers down my spine to remember that that is my family heritage! Holy cow. I am a descendent of Abraham! And these are MY promises, too! I have been justified not by works (thank goodness, because I could never uphold the law and be without sin!) but because I am a descendent who follows Abraham’s faith. I read many of these passages over and over again and just pondered them in my heart.
There’s no mention that He complained about having to deal with all of these people after a long day. No mention that He got tired of the constant badgering requests from sick people for healing. The only time off that is recorded is the respite that comes after healing Peter’s mother-in-law when she makes a meal for them and they eat.
His thoughts frozen in time.
For the first performance, they play an instrumental song that I believe none of the audience had never listened before. By the time the song finished, I realized that it was a new tune from the band. They continued to play another song without a break and it was another unknown song with a soft rock tune and not an upbeat one. When I listened to it, it did not really grew on me that fast. It might not be as slow as '거짓말' yet it was not as upbeat as 'Lip'. Moreover, I did not know what it was called. So, I am still very curious about that. Followed then by my favorite 'Lip', which was beyond awesome because it was my first time watching them played 'Lip'. I just sang along with the song during the whole performance.
she knows not the way
It's late at night when the front doorbell rings. Your husband groans, rolls over, and stands up sleepily. "Who on earth can it be at this hour?", he mumbles. He clicks on his bedside light, pulls on his robe and heads for the stairs.
We ended up purchasing four photo sessions (to use in a year), and have done two so far. A family shoot is scheduled for November, and then we’ll do the last one when James is a year old. Here are some of the shots Krisit’s done so far. Keep in mind that these are my photos of her photos, so the originals are far superior.
A link to the artist's page follows my imperfect images. There are other images there, but I liked the installation—book-page backgrounds and such. I didn't have time to stand and read or examine, unfortunately. I was in a hurry to get two computers from a luggage carousel (not knowing that's where they would've ended up... and before long the electricity went down at the airport, but I didn't know what was going to happen, so here's the art, which seems a good match for unexpected quiet and darkness.
Both Artiguez and Francisco are suffering an unbearable crisis of conscience. Artiguez is afraid he’s grown too old to kill Vinolas. Francisco wants to warn Artiguez of the trap Vinolas is setting up for him in San Martin, but isn’t sure if doing so would violate the doctrines of his church. Zinnemann first attempts to bring the two characters together when Francisco stops by Artiguez’ apartment to deliver a letter, which—for complicated reasons—finds itself flushed down a toilet. Normally the delivery of a letter in a Zinnemann film means bad news: think the opening sequences of High Noon or A Man for All Seasons (1966). When Artiguez and Francisco finally do meet, however, it results in the film’s single-greatest sequence, in which they sit across from each other in Artiguez’ darkened apartment, breaking bread and exchanging religious disagreements. When Francisco, for example, brings up the subject of a brain-damaged priest (Jean-Paul Moulinot) who may have been assaulted by Artiguez during a bank robbery, Artiguez is unsympathetic: “Priests should stay out of banks!” A discussion about a neighborhood in Lorca, however, leads to smiles, a toast over wine and an area of mutual understanding.
My mother was worried about them because they were gone for a bit longer than we thought they would be, and my mother is telling Mark to "text A and see if they need anything. See if they're ok." Uncle D is just laughing at my mother at this point because Cousin A and W are both doctors. If they have a medical issue, out of everyone at the house that day, they're the one's who would know what to do!
Ruby’s water breaks. She wakes.
Angel Medicine relates Doreen’s dialogue with the Angels of Atlantis, the stone spirits of Stonehenge. The book is divided into 3 parts, Revealing Atlantean Healing methods, scientific studies, case histories; and the importance of Love, Light, Prayer and Sunshine.
We are adding on to the porch. We had already hired a builder to do this work for us, before the hail storm. So he has just added the roof to his work plan.
Seniors and teens ages 13-17 get in for $5. Adult admission is $6. Children ages 4-12 get in for $4 and children ages 3 and younger get in free.
So we start making fun of these excerpts, and decide it might be fun to have an Awful FanFic Book Club. One thing leads to another, and here we are. We are going to do this chapter by chapter, because in all honesty if I had to read an entire fanfic in one sitting, I would very likely be in a clock tower with a high powered rifle somewhere before breakfast.
She thinks she finds a friend in fellow new student Melody Carver--but can a normi be trusted with her big secret?
First of all we have Squares from Fiona in the Netherlands. She has very kindly made two Squares for our 'Wiggles Challenge'. This really is a very nice Challenge and it's so interesting to see what colours everyone makes them in.
So, this is the photo of the primer coat for all the little flowers and the owl:
Between 2005 and 2010 the total number of registered private security businesses grew from about 4600 to almost 7500, that is, by 61%. Companies offering armed response services rose from 743 to 2701, or by 264%. Cash-in-transit firms grew from 856 to 2183 (155%), while those guarding businesses increased from 3410 to 5752 (69%).
“On Pearl Harbor Day, my sister, brothers and I were home. A neighbor came to visit. We had heard the news of Pearl Harbor on the radio and were kind of in a state of shock; it did not seem real.”
It loosely relates to what we've studied 'cause we've been doing the Romans .... and Hercules is a re-telling of the Greek myth .... sorta ..... kinda ..... ah shut up, it's a great movie and I know all the words to the songs.
12-15 hrs. We split it up into 2 weekends, but it could be finished in one weekend.
She is the kind of mother, friend and woman I aspire everyday to be.
Call my name, Love, call my name
free, authentic life for all of their years!!
Click – ‘Froggy Julie’ – that is the miniature screen in the centre of the top row.
Having had my favorite word
I definitely scored at H&M this weekend with 3 tops!
I work to make my children's lives easier and sometimes to gain a little sanity from the chaos that is motherhood!!
Well, I just got the call from the clinic. I have 4 measurable follicles, E2 is 457. They said if I don't have more measurable on Monday they will cancel my cycle. Bring on the devastation AGAIN. And to top it all off, my insurance people and pharmacy are being huge buttholes about refilling my Menopur. I was taking 2 vials a night and now up to 3 vials. And I am ordering and having it mailed to me because the town I live in doesn't have a specialty pharmacy. So as it stands right now, I am down 1 vial for tonight. And don't have any for Monday. So, I get to drive to STL to pick up 1 vial. yippee skippee.
Well, it's certainly ok, but that doesn't mean you're a virgin. Whatever, do what you want and call it what you want, just as long as you're being safe about the sex (yes, that IS SEX, even if it doesn't involve direct genital-on-genital contact) you are having. But...wait, you can't do that? Because condoms are bad and the Pope says they spread AIDS! And birth control is immoral, and nobody has ever taught you how to use it or why you should.
The good news is that cost-savings due to library consolidation will allow librarians (and users) to buy research materials needed as budgets shift and transitions take place. With the relocation of books there are many possibilities for creating new spaces for group study and collaboration areas.
It is this mythological background that Alice Albinia draws upon in her novel Leela’s Book. The story revolves around Ved Vyasa Chaturvedi, an eminent professor of Sanskrit and his relationships with two sisters, Meera and Leela. Twenty-two years before the novel begins, Vyasa had seduced Meera, who died after bearing him a pair of twins, a boy and a girl. After falling out with her sister regarding her relationship with Vyasa, Leela had gone into exile in New York, making a vow never to return to India. Now, two decades later, Leela is forced to return because her husband’s niece is marrying Vyasa’s son. Although the family thinks that they have arranged the wedding for their own selfish purposes, events are really being directed by Lord Ganesha, who is trying to save Leela, his beloved heroine, from Vyasa.
I have been a smoker for a very long time. I think I was around 10 years old when I started, I certainly never remember being a none smoker. For most of that time I have been a steady 20 cigarettes a day man, although there have been times when I have been 60 plus. Over the years I have had several failed attempts at giving up, success varying from just a few hours, to 6 months when my first child was born.
– But, I will believe, please, you… you have to help – I said.
Judging by recent seasons, May 1st (Beltane) appears to be the seasonal cut-off date. Beltane means earth festival bigtime for the Circlemakers. Buddhist Wesak celebrates the Buddha’s birth on the first full moon of the Taurus cycle (this year May 17th). But May also means the Baal fire ritual of the Ancients. Once again we are being reminded (implicitly) how our ancient Brittonic ancestors valued –nay, worshipped– the sacred return of Light in the full blossoming of May Day, Beltane, with the Earth’s rise in fertility, the blossoming of trees and flowers, the Earth Mother’s return to full growth and potency. Beltane was more than just a fire festival at 15ºTaurus, the mid-point of the growth season; it was a celebration of renewal and a belief for all Mankind that the Earth was capable once again of overcoming death, dying, winter, moving through budding of new growth into full-blown summer and supreme joy of life.
The world is calm and quiet
For better or worse this is the staff that Bobby Valentine will have under him for his first season in Boston. McClure is the most important hire for the Sox and we will see how that pans out. I like Bogar’s move to bench coach as I think he is well suited for that job and can work away from the scrutiny that comes with being 3rd base coach. Boyle is a home run hire and Magadan and Tuck were good retains by Valentine. This coaching staff will really live and die by the success of Valentine and McClure. Hopefully things click early for these guys and we can put the sins of Red Sox past behind us quickly.
A design for music lovers & audiophiles. This symbolic surreal t-shirt design features the silhouette of roots, leaves, flowers & music note embellishments on the audio player of yesteryear- a phonograph. Also known as a gramophone, this musical machine was a forefather to the more modern record player/ record changer & turntable.
Between right and wrong.
In the book Jewish Tales of Holy Women, a spiritual storyteller encourages readers to pursue holiness:
Anyway I am looking forward to 2012! The excitement of a presidential election year. The Republicans are all vying for the religious vote. Mitt Romney is actually somewhat sane but the Religicans don't like him because he is a Mormon! The rest of them are totally and completely ridiculous. I am just afraid one of the lunatics might actually get elected. Then what?
Until then.
It still doesn't seem real yet, that I don't have to say goodbye again any time soon. We don't even have a drill weekend on the calendar for about 3 months that I won't be attending as well. While I can still feel the anxiousness and tense nerves that come with a deployment, I feel like maybe I can start breathing again.
72. Undertow ^
107) I'd like to post here once a week, at least.
A few hints that might make this easier for you:
“The fact that your government does not make positive steps towards the issue raised by Mongolia may perhaps adversely impact the interest of hundreds of Mongolians who are studying and living in Malaysia,” he said.
1 tbsp corn starch
The Birth of the Monster
My passion, my fixed date
9 State the frequency of the work eg
You shift homes, live with new people always
I have been fighting it for days but today I sprent the day on the sofa.
759***D-IV/2/1978. “Human Rights and The Late Massacre in Piedmont.” Human Rights Group, Hyde Park Union Church, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-3, above, pp. 62-74, 394-98 (1983).)
I'm the girl who goes to Hana for dinner and asks if there is any ramen left from lunch service. (It's only on the menu at lunch.)
John Campion was always going to do well for himself. Everyone knew it.
A mile of Don’s worth two of Dee
The dry dog food
-CREDIT CARD
Life to stop at thirty-five,
Retta Fox is stepping away from The Altered Alice tea table; we wish her all the best in her future creative endeavors! Please join us in thanking her for all the fabulous inspiration she has provided to The Altered Alice and to me personally. I am SO GRATEFUL for her contributions each month, and I sure hope she'll stop in from time to time to participate as a player in our Challenge Chapters. I know you will be inspired by her projects below; what a great swan song to her journey down the rabbit hole with The Altered Alice!
David eagerly awaited the rest of the interaction, but missed it because Cassandra took the opportunity to try to stick her hand down his pants.
someone comes into your life
I'm much too tired to play tonight,
"We all looked - but your client didn't!"
Nicole continued to read Andrew's emails for about a week, but never responded to them.
Was I at the right place at the right time? Of course I was! I needed to learn to think beyond my own misery. These children taught me the simplest yet most powerful lessons of being human; sometimes it takes listening to find out what the answer really is, whether that is listening to another’s cries, their body language, or listening to your own body when it is telling you to REST. And now, that’s what I will be doing – RESTING.
This is something else altogether. The hindi news channels decided a few years ago that they will no longer actually show any news anymore. Which is how we end up with reports like the below:
I have freely spoken on how to start a fashion business- There are countless books and seminars available freely or at great cost online and offline! Let me ask you
If you or I had written this book, we probably would still be trying to find a publisher. This is another example of name branding helping to sell something that might otherwise never would have found a very big audience.
Hey all. Quick post today. I am the May hostess and the first challenge I came up with was to make a card with ribbons and/or pearls. I had thought that my card would be frilly and feminine for Mother's Day, but my muse decided on tween birthday instead.
Here are some lovely yogic breathing exercises, they aid in bringing peace of mind, awareness and releasing tension.
But now comes the part that my friends laugh the most: these lamps had their own light even when it was dark outside.
Having worked in the care industry for seven years prior to Summer 2012 it was very rare that I could actually get a Bank Holiday off unless I bribed. There used to be a process by which you worked one and had the following one off – it never actually worked like that though. Since last August though I have to get used to having to stay home on Bank Holidays which does actually feel quite odd sometimes!
“Take Seth Godin for example. Mr. Godin is by all measures the type of talent a traditional publisher covets. He has authored twelve books, is considered a thought leader in his field and has a large and loyal following. His last book, “Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?” has sold 50,000 copies since its release in January, according to Nielsen BookScan, which tracks about 75 percent of the retail book marketplace. Until last week, that title and his previous books were published under the Portfolio imprint, which is owned by Pearson PLC’s Penguin Group (USA), but according to The Wall Street Journal that has all changed. In the article, “Author to Bypass Publisher for Fans,” WSJ reported Mr. Godin “ditched” his traditional publisher and will self publish his next book and sell directly to his avid readers. In other words, he is taking his message directly to the people.”
Whew. OK, time to get started. Tomorrow. :)
That's the grand tour! Do you love it as much as I do? I'm pretty confident that I can keep it this organized for the long haul, everything we use is in there and it all has a place. Here is a side by side before and after shot, looking at that after makes me feel so calm and happy!
WHEN given the choice – students pick the iPad every time.
I offer my sincere apologies to the blog-chain members of Christian Writers. I was unplugged for the weekend and it occurred to me I was suppose to do something. That something was participating in September's chain and my day was Labor Day, September 5.
And the fudge.
I then set off to look at the intended area , a small tunnel directly above Woy Woy Tunnel , here I took more pics to send off to Pete from Ozatwar.com who I annoy every now and again and who was interested in seeing it as there were actual plans to blow certain tunnels and bridges in WW2 if the Japs ever landed.
The mousse in this is to die for-really-it is one of those things that you taste, then taste again and again and decide you better quit tasting or there won't be any left for the recipe itself. It is definitely a mousse recipe I will keep with my "favorite recipes".
I believe this highlights the first misconception about church. Sunday service is not your prayer closet. For a lot of people, sunday is their only meaningful worship time. So a week’s worth of devotional activity is thrown into Sunday. Your most intimate moments with God shouldn’t be only on Sunday. If that’s the only moment your intimate with God it equivalent to fornication in public. The most intimate moments in a marriage are not at a family gathering, but in your solitude. So, this habit of making Sunday worship into these just you and God occasions seems to be unhealthy, because it loses sight of communal celebration and worship and cheapens our quiet times or lectio divina if you wish. In our individualistic culture we tend to see our salvation, or prayer, or discipleship, and our worship as those things we do on our own. So church can become a traffic jam. All of us get into our individual cars and drive to work. We all might be on the same road going to the same direction, but where in our own little car doing our own thing. We glance over at the people driving around us, usually yelling at them and pretending that we don’t notice them when they look over at us. This is what church feels like sometimes, but it’s really more like the public school bus, if you’ve ever experienced that phenomena.
What happened to me was really more than a miracle.
She was crazy. She reared, bucked, tossed me constantly. She was anxious, unruly, and frantic.
61. If you were to take 1 lb. of spiders web and stretch it out it would circle the whole way around the world!
“R” – Are you going to eat that?
Key Players: Nate Wolters (21.3 ppg, 5.2 rpg, 6 apg), Jordan Dykstra (11.5 ppg, 5 rpg), Griffan Callahan (10.5 ppg), Chad White (9.1 ppg)
AND ALWAYS REMEMBER:
Last night I finished The Serpent Sea by Martha Wells, which is the sequel to the wondrous world she created with The Cloud Roads. If you haven't read any of Wells novels yet it is high time you do and to whet your imagination I turn you towards three short stories, which all have to do with the 3 Worlds.
This is the fourth of a five-part series by El Inglés comparing and contrasting the Troubles in Northern Ireland with the coming Muslim Troubles in Britain. Previously: Part One, Part Two, and Part Three.
My doctor's appointment went well on May 3rd. I gained 6 lbs from my appointment last month and they are happy with that. Jan put me in the "good" room as usual, which I always appreciate. Dr. A measured my belly (a first! I loved it) and we went through my questions. I always have them written out on a pad of paper which I have on the bed beside me and she has been looking at it and just reading the questions from there and answering them as she sets up the blood pressure cuff. She said that she likes that I come prepared like that.
I would like you folks to submit a short story, 1000 words max, based on the following random YouTube video prompt:
Breathing deeply, I scrunched my right eye shut, followed the target... up, up, up. I squeezed the trigger, hoping against all hope that I'd just hit the bloody thing. The butt of the shotgun pulled back into my left shoulder, and though padded I could feel bruises already forming under my skin. Big girls don't cry, so I didn't say anything.
Today is May 1, 2012. Day 2, of The Penny Pinching Year. I woke up this morning, and the first thing that I thought about (even before thinking that Hey! I should make some coffee!) was this project. I smiled a HUGE smile, as I threw the blankets off, and got ready to start my second day in this one year commitment, I have made for myself. In the past, when I attempted this project, day two didn’t seem like all that big a deal. But this time, it does! This time, day two feels FANTASTIC!
I'll see you soon...or at least soon-ish. Expect good things to come. But for now, I'm gonna do some relaxation stuff. I need it.
The design looks interesting, there was a subtle change in color, but it does not look natural; you can still see where my iris ends.
Guru’s seal is hair and whoever gives it up (cuts it) will become a bemukh (non-Sikh). (Sau Sakhi)
Make a construction paper fish to play Flying Fish Relay
Preheat outdoor grill. Combine salt, pepper, and paprika. Rub mixture on meat side of rubs (make more if necessary). Cook ribs on grill for 30-45 minutes, turning every 5 minutes, until almost done. Brush barbecue sauce on ribs in waves, re-applying after each turn. Remove ribs from grill when done and set aside on cutting board to rest.
That was eight years ago. Ms. Cook still works for her ex-husband, now as a laser-procedure trainer. Two years ago, the couple self-published a divorce guide, “After the Happily Ever After.” Although they still squabble a lot, both say they are friends. “Leaving before the fire burned down the whole house made a big difference,” Ms. Cook says.
Maybe it’s reasonable for that cap to exist. If it didn’t, everyone would go around suing the deep pocketed federal government for all it’s worth. This might not work out well for the powers that be. To prevent this form of bankrupting the government, there are financial limits to their liability. The issue being looked at in the state House of Representatives is the amount of that cap. In these situations it often seems to be absurdly low. In the case of the LNFF, the cap is $600,000. This fire caused three deaths and $11 million in damages.
After being put on suspension, Tasca was subjected to a psychological evaluation by Dr. Matthew Geller, a psychiatrist who does contact work for New Jersey law enforcement agencies. Geller provided the diagnosis he had been paid for, ruling that Tasca was unfit for duty. At the same time, the Bogota PD’s internal affairs officer produced a report concluding that Tasca’s refusal to assist Officer Fowler in the April 3 incident demonstrated her
Nearly 500,000 angry Israelis took to the streets this year to challenge economic inequality. The Russian youth are protesting Putin's leadership. Arabs are fighting for less oppressive governments. With the exception of those involved in the Occupy movement, average Americans are deliberating which kind of smartphone they prefer. Maybe it's time to shift priorities.
5. Thermoreactive clothing
Espresso beans are simply coffee beans that have been pressed to make a specific type of coffee, known as espresso. Often, the beans are roasted to a darker level, giving it a more bitter flavor. This bitterness creates the flavor of espresso that many have come to love. Trying to choose an espresso coffee bean can be somewhat confusing. If you know the simple steps to choosing an espresso bean, you can easily fin the best bean for your coffee.
22. Run a 5K
The trio are accused of having contacted a dog owner on Craigslist with the expressed purpose of using the animal as a sex toy. Specifically, the wife was to have sex with the dog, a male golden shepherd, as the two men looked on.
3pm-5:30pm
Here’s an article that sums up this birthday of the ObamaCare Obamination quite well while managing to capture the sheer-chutzpah-hypocrisy that is Obama:
THERE IS ONE MORE REQUEST I HAVE TO MY FRIENDS, EVER SINCE I HAVE LEARNED THE TRICK OF REBLOGGING I REBLOG THE WORKS OF MY FRIENDS, FELLOW BLOGGERS WITHOUT ASKING FOR THEIR PERMISSION, IF SOMEONE THINKS THAT I SHOULD ASK FIRST AND THEN REBLOG PLEASE PLEASE LET ME KNOW. MY DATA USAGE IS LIMITED SO I TRY TO KEEP THE INTERNET HOURS MAXIMUM PRODUCTIVE. PLEASE BEAR WITH THIS MISERLY BEHAVIOUR.
Pandolfo plays the viola da gamba, an instrument that had its heyday in the Renassiance through Baroque eras. It’s a sort of proto-cello, known for its dulcet, silvery tones. Great composers wrote great music for it, but it gradually faded as a mainstream instrument. Today it’s on the radar of early music specialists, of course, and every now and then has a blip in popularity—the most recent as a result of the movie Tous les Matins du Monde, a snob-hit about French composer Marin Marais.
If you look at quantum physics, the quantum physicists will tell you that time and space have no existence apart from the consciousness of the observer, and yet in our psychology and all of our social sciences, we want to reduce consciousness to a material model. It just doesn’t work. It’s like it’s outdated, and I think that’s part of the value of paranormal research is that we’re becoming more conscious of this aspect of consciousness that’s not limited to our concepts of space/time and causality.
Never had to borrow for passion here,
I made the spooky banner with bats using paper and twine and I added more spiders to the french doors.
Animal print skirt, Alfred dunner - via Goodwill
Hope that helps to make select elements in HTML forms a little easier.
The Daily Mailâ€™s findings indicate that the Xe-Services were also tasked to evacuate many RAW sponsored militants from the Balochistan province of Pakistan and all these evacuated militants and separatists are being dubbed as missing people by their families and courts back in Pakistan.
The research into whether hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, can trigger earthquakes is being conducted just as a pair of independent papers were released internationally this week suggesting they do.
Processor: Intel Pentium Dual Core 2 Duo T4500 or T6670
These photos were taken, just before and after sunset, from the top of the Town Hall Clock Tower on March 5, 2012
I am sharing these words for that one person somewhere in time and space who might benefit from them.
The town dates back to approximately AD 600, and over the centuries has thrived as an agricultural centre; as the location of Alnwick Castle and home of what were in mediaeval times the most powerful northern barons, the Earls of Northumberland; as a staging post on the Great North Road between Edinburgh and London, and latterly as a modern rural centre cum dormitory town. The fabric of the town centre has changed relatively little and still retains much of its original character; however there has been appreciable growth in size over the last ten years, with a number of housing estates covering what had been pasture, and new factory and trading estate developments along the roads to the south of the town.
Hope i could give you some inspiration. Thanks for reading and your nice comments as always.
I’ve written a poem with this situation and my daily walk as inspiration. I encourage everyone to translate what they see everyday into a creative outlet. It can only make the view of the world clearer.
I was so very ready to be immersed in the Secret World but, now I’m not so sure and that makes me incredibly sad given how excited I was for this game. Yes, I could get away without dishing for any of the extra pay items but that would feel like getting ripped off to be quite honest. I’m subscribing for a service that is skimping on the very basic essentials for the dollar signs. Were the pay-for items purely vanity (pets, mounts, even no-stat gear such as the faction related leather jackets you can get) I would not be alarmed in the slightest. But, character slots? Are you kidding me?
Accessories: Corner Rounder Punch, Big Shot, Stars Die, Dot Impressions Folder, Dimensionals, Ribbon
Anyways here's what I did with this edit:
Lisa Hoffman I’d get up on a scaffolding and paint the broad side of a barn. I love seeing Big, Brave work from other artists. Maybe I’ve worked in a smallish format for too long. I just wanna go Big, Bigger, Biggest.
In a separate pan, bring the rest of the meat stock and the tomato paste to a boil; pepper and salt only if needed.
As in the case of French premier Nicolas Sarkozy nominating as International Monetary Fund director Christine Lagarde last May – when she was under investigation in Paris, where as finance minister she gifted taxpayer fortunes to an ally of her Conservative Party – this seems to be just another scrape at the bottom of the global governance barrel.
I’m sure these selections change regularly, if not daily, but here are my thoughts: the macarons were okay, but they were very tart and fruity. I suppose the pastry chef was trying to move away from the usual pistachio/chocolate range, but they verged on bitter. The pistachio cake, on the other hand (the small pyramid-shaped thing at the top of the picture) was great, and the cinnamon stick (the white thing on the left) was amazing. The other chocolates were very good as well. I wasn’t a fan of the jelly, but that’s just because I don’t like them generally; it had nothing to do with this particular one. All in all, quite a lot of sweets for ordering “no dessert”! (I should also add that the restaurant graciously gave me another set of everything when I said that my wife was out of town and asked for a couple of chocolates to take home for her.)
And so ends another weekend.
Christian Barbariantz
diet - still on-going... need to reduce 10kg... my fat aka lemak equivalent to 10kg beras... OMG
I came across this post - '10 Myths of Motherhood' - from Planning With Kids the other day. If you haven't yet, read it. The author, guest poster Dr Bron Harman, had me nodding my head in agreement with every one of her points and sighing with the sheer relief that I was understood. That there are other mothers out there like me. One of her points stood out the most, the very last one;
Okay Bad News first:
or yips or yaps.
Lastly, our guest speaker introduced and told in brief about some web-tools, like Google Analytics, Google Adwords, SEO optimization etc. It was interesting listening to Mahir Erkan (as my friends said), hope one day I will have chance to be present on his presentation personally.
The Greater Good is a comic book project I’ve been working on and it tells the story of Michael W. Christmas – the world’s last superman.
I bought this yarn, a skein of Manos Lace in Natural, thinking I would dye it, but there's something very appealing about lace done in white or cream yarn, isn't there? It makes even new patterns look like heirlooms.
This meeting in particular was what I call a ‘Public Reading Event’. There was now real exchange of ideas, debate or in depth discussion. Rather a few people stood in front of copy heavy power point slides and read it out to the people sitting around eating muffins and pretending to listen. A total waste of time and the $8250. This is before we add to the price the opportunity cost of real work that wasn’t done during the 5 hours, or the cost of the meeting ‘culture’ it creates. And we all know a strong ‘meeting culture’ results in a vortex of indecision and slow business practice.
Because yeah, they want to cut spending, but you can't cut military spending. Everything else gets cut, but not the military, no way.
One of the things I first think about when critics mention language in a manuscript is profanity. Different people have different perspectives on what is appropriate for the different age groups. I write all YA and yes, my manuscript is going to have some profanity in it. Teenagers curse. LOL I, admittedly, had a pretty foul potty mouth when I was in my teenage rebellion years.
Rome was not built in a day neither was Berlin or NY
Well, maybe I don’t want to be quite that laid back. Pretty sure it would involve the use of an illegal substance to get there. That or sticking one too many bobby pins into electrical outlets….and I don’t think I’m up for either one of those activities.
Why? Why would he do that?
Besides the hard work it took to write and revise the book, there were some things along the way that seemed to fall into place, like being at the right place at the right time to hear an idea or read something that led to a subplot in the story.
The owners’ respect for the site translated into several environmentally sensitive design decisions. To further tie the house to the land, a natural palette of wood and concrete with weathered steel accents is incorporated throughout the house. In addition to allowing the house to blend into the landscape, the green roofs allow rain water to be absorbed on-site and ensure that the house remains cool in hot summer months. A passive solar design strategy was implemented as well: large windows expose the concrete floors and retaining walls to the morning sun, thus minimizing the need for artificial heat.
Folk singer/songwriter who co-authored The Tofu Tollbooth, a guide to finding veg-friendly cuisine on the road.
Restless.
Suddenly, something clicked within my mind. I thought, “Why am I chasing marriage when it cannot provide the unconditional love that my heart craves? Only Christ offers everything I need.” With this new perspective, I relinquished to God my demand to get married. I still wanted to find a spouse someday, but I no longer considered marriage necessary to complete my life. If I remained single for the rest of my life, that was okay—God promised to fulfill my heart.
However, although men and women are equal, they are not the same. They have different purposes. It is part of Allah’s design and purpose for men and women to have different physical characteristics; likewise it is the duty of a man to provide for the financial needs of his family, and for the woman to look after the home and family.
Working in the background turned out to be the main career meat for Lewis, whether it meant composing soundtrack themes or working as a musical director for fellow keyboard mangler Herbie Hancock and deep-voiced soul man Barry White. He also organized recording sessions and concert appearances for Michael Jackson and Tom Jones. Live at Club 7 was Lewis' first solo release in 1971, including a groovy version of an Isley Brothers tune and prompting a move to Los Angeles by the middle of the decade. Hancock himself showed up as co-producer for Lewis' third Epic side, Eight for the Eighties. An appreciative hit entitled "The Love You Give to Me" resulted, Lewis continuing to score with the disco audience over the next few years with tracks such as the tricky "El Bobo." Lewis subsequently produced albums for Gwen McCrae and Michael Wycoff, going from there into television commercial and film soundtrack music. His film credits — The Hearse, The Sky Is Grey — give the indication that this was the man to call if the subject was grim, in contrast to the happy party feel of his solo albums. Lewis died from complications resulting from diabetes.
Their visibility has particular resonance as the country approaches a once-a-decade leadership change next year, when several older princelings are expected to take the Communist Party’s top positions. That prospect has led some in Chinese business and political circles to wonder whether the party will be dominated for the next decade by a group of elite families who already control large chunks of the world’s second-biggest economy and wield considerable influence in the military.
Reading over Richard Allen's op-ed in the New York Times today, I asked myself whether the author isn't suffering from the same mental infliction suffered by his beloved President Ronald Reagan. Allen, U.S. national security adviser in the early '80s, recalls his memory of Reagan's reaction to Israel's strike on the Osirak nuclear reactor in 1981 (twenty-nine years ago today) only to compare it, shamefully, with the recent Mavi Marmara debacle. He does so with an insidious mixture of nostalgia and dementia that must be making Reagan smile in his grave.
The local coverage combined with some great word-of-mouth has obviously worked wonders for the small setup which was packed to bursting for the whole hour that I was there, with appointments scheduled solidly throughout the afternoon. It was a delight to be able to witness such obvious and very real success, achieved in such a short period of time.
After another great meal at CM’s, we hopped on the monorail and shimmied on over to the Magic Kingdom to give our GAD Fastpass cards another quick workout (I actually BEAT MY SMACK TALKING HUSBAND AT BUZZ LIGHTYEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER!) and to check out the “new” old parade.
I got an email a few days back from a chap that was obviously hawking something. I usually bin off such stuff unless they are offering me free beer in which case I wholeheartedly express my support and enthusiasm for their endeavour. For the record the chap was hawking the following tat here. It’s only worth looking at for the couple of pretty girls and the menu “getting good head” which made me snigger, at least. I like the puerile end of comedy.
71. Chen is positioned as the Main Vocalist, and included in the subgroup of EXO-M.
At the end of this month, I will be presenting in Addison, TX, at SDE's Conference for Texas Kindergarten and Pre-K Teachers, and then at SDE's Conference for Mississippi Kindergarten Teachers! For a full list of all of the conferences that I will be presenting at this year, please click here. There are a bunch! And did you know that I do staff development presentations for individual districts, as well as at educational conferences? I would love to come to YOUR district and meet YOU!
Anyway, the next step was you got called into a big room where there were four tables--one against each wall--with a person seated behind them. You walked up to the table that DIDN'T have someone already auditioning in front of it, and gave the person your paperwork and the audition commenced. My gal was super petite and very "put together" as they say. Outfit. Hair. Make-up. Insanely white teeth. All very precisely done. We chatted about some of the stuff on my sheet, and then she asked me to sing something. Mags, you should be proud: I rocked it with ONJ's "Magic" from Xanadu. She told me I had a very nice voice and she also complimented my hair color. We chatted a bit more, and then she shook my bandaged hand, and it was over.
Drunk = Weak!
Can anyone doubt that the blind lawyer and dissident Chen Guangcheng, who apparently says that he feels a "little" lied to by American embassy officials in Beijing, was, more or less, hustled out and dumped into a hospital before he could further disrupt Chinese-American relations, especially with high-level meetings coming up between Hillary Clinton, Timothy Geithner and their Chinese counterparts? (National Interest)
CVS Cash Card Scenario:
In 1935 and early 1936, three cousins were born into tight-knit families in Ferriday, Louisiana. Rare piano talent, strong parental relationships, the Pentecostal church, family struggle, and a variety of musical influences worked together to produce men who changed twentieth-century music and culture. The individual stories of these three cousins illustrate their varied paths from small-town America to a world stage. Woven together, the collective story becomes even more compelling and amazing.
I should also at this stage point out that the above spelling errors are deliberate and come from Janus Publishing’s own website. This is something else which worries me about this publisher. A website for a publisher is their shop window, whether they are selling author services and/or books to the public, this is the place to present your best possible image, after all, publishing books for authors at a fee, is also a facet of representing their work and image in the best possible light. The copyright tag on the bottom of every webpage also reads ‘2006’.
I will be back again tomorrow with my hubs Easter card, so until next time, keep Crafting!
EDITOR: Celebs dead?
A little reminder of the rules as we would like you to be eligible for comments and the chance to win our wonderful prize or Top 3.
But none of these options seemed quite right.
Feedback from the client sounds positive:
Clever Hans was a horse that wowed audiences in late 19th century Germany, by tapping out the answers to some really easy maths problems. Someone would ask the horse, say, “What’s three plus two?” and he would tap his hoof five times. I mean, I’ve seen four-year-old humans solving quadratic equations, but whatever.
A: Yes, I don’t really like that. I also do not want to be seen as someone who does not take things seriously. I really dislike that.
This brings us to where we started with the discussion that Harold Macmillan referred to in his diary entry for January 20th 1955: "More discussion about the West Indian immigrants. A Bill is being drafted - but it's not an easy problem. P.M. thinks 'Keep England White' a good slogan! (11)
The 7th Voyage of Sinbad, I didn't. In those days they
I just saw a sign that said "RoadKill Route 66"...oh no! We lost the air conditioner-the generator went out climbing that last hill. We open the windows and get a warm yet comfortable breeze.
Why not. Wake him up?
so don't hang around
very badly.
Seems like all is
I wondered: what would our grocery store shelves look like if items were priced according to their actual cost to the world?
Be sure to check out what my DT has been up to all through the month of December. They always come up with inspiring creations!
Wash the backing for the quilt and dry it in the dryer; I also wash the batting and dry it in the dryer to prevent shirnkage when the quilt is washed. Fleece can also be used as a backing and elimate the batting.
I grew up not too far down the road from Athens (during my elementary school years). That’s where I became a fan. When we moved to Orange Park (i.e., Jacksonville) in 1976, there was no compelling reason to change allegiances because there were as many Georgia fans around then as fans for any other team.
01. Dazed And Confused (incl. San Francisco)
Pour into mini loaf pan and bake for 30 - 35 minutes, until golden.
To fight any sort of charges or to defend your privileges as an individual who respects the law, you are going to need the aid of the Virginia criminal defense attorney. A fantastic legal mind supporting you from your part counts much in the long run when it comes to winning the case. Only a professional having excellent amount of expertise may formulate the ideal thought for the forthcoming course of action with regards to the continuations of the case. That is the reason why you have to obtain the ideal lawyer to help you in this whole process.
I am thankful that I get the chance to play games with her and snuggle on the couch, to watch princess movies and read stories, to sing songs and talk about Jesus.
I’ll try to do what I can for you, Mar’alith. As it stands, I put an announcement on all the command boards in Orgrimmar and Thunder Bluff encouraging adventurers to head your way and help out, but apparently that hasn’t been having much of an effect. I’ll double check the boards to make sure the notices are visible enough – with my luck, the announcements got covered by someone’s ad for a futon for sale or guitar lessons or something, with the little straggly rip-off pieces at the bottom with the contact info.
Ok, I killed enough time before meeting my friend at his office. He invited me to a meet and greet lunch at the swank Nashville City Club. Well, it’s swank if you consider early 70s decor to be swank. It is a private dinner club in a Nashville penthouse and has been the location of a lot of moving and shaking for decades. However, I get the feeling that it is struggling to maintain its grandeur.
You know what really did it for me yesterday? What made my mood turn around? Hold on to your hats, this may be totally shocking, so you might want to sit down. What made me feel better yesterday was…wait for it…EXERCISE. Crazy concept, I know. Who knew that focusing your energy, working up a sweat, and burning a crazy amount calories could make a girl feel so much better? Oh wait, I did know that, I just forgot for minute or two (ok…a day or two).
The melody was written by Mimi Farina and the words were written by a John Oppenheim in the 1920s to support the suffrage movement but it is a song about womanhood, about motherhood.
The sheer brilliance in this film is the hiring of director Joss Weadon. AS the man behind Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Firefly, Joss knows fans and knows what fans like to see. That is exactly the movie that the Avengers is: A movie for the fans. Weadon treats his large cast of various stars like an expensive porcelain nativity scene. Each of the various characters is individually unwrapped and placed where they need to be to create a beautiful and glorious complete presentation. The cast, instead of butting heads over egos and salaries, decided to approach the project like a large scale playdate. If you get the chance to watch a group interview of this cast or even see a video of them at the premiere, then do so, because it is the best way to see how much fun they had being together to make this film. In the end, each character shines on his own and the collective glow that they reflect off each other is practically blinding. Judging from International and presale receipts, this film is bound to generate a great franchise on its own to accompany the four individual franchises. I for one am looking forward with eager anticipation to each and every one of the upcoming films.
salvation, the doom of sinners, and the
The very essence,
2.Don’t skip breakfast. Have a nice cereal and some milk, or soy or almond milk. Skipping breakfast (or any other meals) does not lead to weight loss but some assume that to be true. Don’t eat a slimming cereal though – have oats with real raspberries, or perhaps slices of banana.
don’t ask me
On my, I'm not one for showing off...and normally I'd never be able to own something which cost as many pennies as these babies but they were a Christmas gift, and one I've had on my list for 3 years. Well, all I can say is COSY!!! They are so super snugly and warm I never want to take them off...people wonder if they're impractical as you can only wear them when it's dry but I've worn them lots of times since Xmas as we've had lots of cold dry days. And don't be thinking I'm a fashion victim, I'm normally a very practical kinda gal, wellies and a big coat are my bag usually, believe me, if you like to be warm these are a great investment!!!
You're allowed some creative licence. For example, Shimmy Shimmy Ya doesn't have 'like' in the title but sings 'ooh baby I like it raw'...
(She's now got her next challenge from me; let's see what she comes up with.)
“I enjoyed your sharing of rare disco tunes and the Auntie Mame flourishes of redecorating your apartment. And of course the handsome nearly naked mens that caught your eye.”
For from you sounded out the word of the Lord not only in Macedonia and Achaia, but also in every place your faith to God-ward is spread abroad; so that we need not to speak any thing.
Alisa Bowman was at her wit’s end. She would spend days dreaming about divorcing her husband and knew she wasn’t in a healthy marriage when she fantasized about her own husband’s death and ways to plan his funeral. In a last-ditch effort to make her marriage work, she came up with a four-month project to save her marriage. The Happily Ever After Project is that story.
Hit Dice: 1d6
2:20pm CST
This was of no real consequence until one day while in college, it was some kind of 3D sculpting class, our instructor told us to bring to class a spool of hardware wire, pliers and wire cutters. We arrived realizing we were going to create a wire sculpture of some type but we had no idea what. When the instructor started the class they basically said something along the lines of "You have 3 hours. Make something."
I take a lot of painkillers. My daily medication currently consists of 9 different pills of varying strengths.
I knew she wouldn’t judge or be disappointed in me, but telling Heidi I’d left D. and that the kids were spending half their time here and half their time there made me disappointed in myself.
To ever reach you and help you survive.
the city, of leaving home, cutting the ties that bind).
TUNIS (Reuters) - Two young Tunisians have been sentenced to seven years in prison for posting cartoons of the prophet Mohammad on Facebook, in a case that has fueled allegations the country's new Islamist leaders are gagging free speech.
There will be a day when the burdens of this place, will be no more, we'll see Jesus face to face
A new day.
“It certainly would be an error of the first order for us to plunge out into a programme of promises and bribes in the hopes of winning the public favour. But if you say to me: `What account are we to give of the policy of the Conservative Party? What are we to say of our theme and our cause and of the faith that is in us?’ That is a question to which immediate answer can always be given.
President Barack Obama: narrow winner or big loser in November. Presidential election history gives us indications that Mr. Obama either squeaks back into the White House or gets an undignified boot in the back of his designer trousers. In modern presidential elections, only Jerry Ford lost his re-election bid narrowly. Odds are, if Mr. Obama loses, it will probably be on the order of Hoover (1932) or Carter (1980).
We had no camera between us, but the memory is all the sweeter for that.
My good friend, Danielle, made me a whole plate full of brownies, which I devoured (not all of them, of course) and had to pay for it later when poor little Gavin got it all in his breast milk.. Did not sleep a wink that night. I felt so bad for my roommate, that I dragged the bassinet into the bathroom to try to cover up the noise! Ugh! I was so young back then! I should have sent him back to the nursery, but I wanted my baby with me so badly, I would not even consider it. In hindsight, some sleep would have been beneficial. Ah…20/20 hindsight.
Here’s a past, present and future 3-card spread. We should be able to get ‘down and dirty’ with that one since time is an issue today. I was going through some papers that I need to file while looking for something and came across a little hand-out that I received from a class in “Cartomancy”.
The accompanying ideas—that kids are merely "forming into" adults, and that they are especially "formable" during certain years—are equally bad. They are booby traps for the unwary, and they can lead us to some thoughts about our kids that are really pretty nasty.
Read more about the “frequency manipulation” of the weather here:
SCAF is scheduled to hand over power to a civilian government on 01 July 2012. The chances that the generals are going to facilitate a peaceful transition of power hover right around zero. With this much violence before the elections have even taken place, it isn’t hard to imagine what things will be like when Tantawi et al. renege on their promise this summer.
When I read this I thought of the many, many hours I spent standing beside my father in our garage handing him spanners and hammers and tools with daft names like torque wrench and needle-nose pliers. My dad was a proper dad; a dad that worked with his hands; a dad who’d started “in t’mill” (remember he was a Lancashire lad) when he was something like thirteen and never had a day off discounting his National Service and a few weeks following his heart attack (probably caused by overwork). Before I read this story I had no idea what a saw set was but I bet my dad had one. He had all kinds of saws. He wasn’t a joiner by trade but he’d have a crack at anything: bricklaying, plumbing, electrics, you name it. I can change a plug and I can change a tyre but that’s about my limit.
As the hunt for the children intensifies, so does Lexi’s need to know—about the witch that just might be more than a bedtime story, about the wind that seems to speak through the walls at night, and about the history of this nameless boy.
The Princess of Las Pulgas is a story about a girl who has everything, and then suddenly almost nothing. Book trailer.
I’ll post a link later from Youtube so you can hear this great song!
but I wait upon it.
2 household
The question is then, why would an intelligent, seemingly sensible woman do something so foolhardy and so grotesque as 'vodka eyeballing'. And what can be learnt from her story?
Elizabeth is one of English lit’s best-loved characters for good reason: her “lively, playful disposition,
One of those places is this closet:
“Maybe it’s cursed!”
"PATTOLOGY":
This past weekend was absolutely one to remember. We started Saturday with an early morning walk with the pup, then to the Green City Market. We visited the newly re-decorated Perennial Virant for mimosas and spent time with family and friends, then ended the evening at Websters Wine Bar (an all-time favorite of ours).
I'm making the executive decision, mine and mine alone, to withhold the "full" set of rehearsal takes for the time being. Will the rest see the rational (i.e. not trainwreck-style) light of day? I believe so, but now is not the time or place. We are lucky we have - and lucky the band saw fit to release - what we do now: full lyric versions of Ian Curtis foreshadowing his suicide, literally days before doing so. These were never believed to exist, within general circles. Respect for the family, the band, etc. kept these out of public light and I completely understand the reason why. Why now? I don't know. I'm grateful they exist, grateful we - as fans - have the opportunity to catch this last, tragic, piece of Joy Division history.
Exquisite and radiant, the rose is the principal messenger of love. A single rose denotes perpetual love; two roses of any color taped or wired together signify a commitment or forthcoming marriage.
She’s trying to recover, though. The family recently made a memorial gift donation to the Canton Public Library, where Kassi and her daughter often wiled away the hours. The donation is being used to buy four books that would have interested Abby. Kassi still has, and plans to keep, Abby’s library card.
I went back to the ENT today to have a CT scan of my head. It was seriously cool to see the images, 2 of which I'll share here. (The dark spaces should essentially be symmetrical.) Basically, the "BAD" sections are swollen areas, and the openings to those sinuses are pretty well blocked so the junk can't drain. Keep in mind, this my baseline after 4 rounds of antibiotics and steroids.
Meaning: Battle worthy
Today, for the first time in history, Jews, Christians and Muslims all may freely worship at their shrines. And, contrary to certain media reports, Jews, Christians and Muslims ARE allowed to build their homes anywhere in the city. The anguish over Jerusalem is not about real estate but about memory.
Professionally, giving also offers several benefits. One study found that fostering positive social support at work raises productivity. Another study found that those who give at work (“work altruists”), and through professional association are far more engaged with what they do and are more often promoted, compared with colleagues who stay isolated while doing their job.
The story here is that John Cena is angry at The Rock for turning his back on the WWE when he wanted to be known as Dwayne Johnson. I mean, why would he want to drop The Rock moniker when he can pad the WWE’s pockets for doing nothing other than owning the name, The Rock?!? What legitimate actor would rather be known as Dwayne Johnson as opposed to The Rock?!? CENA DOESN’T UNDERSTAND!!! Cena is about as smart as a bag of rocks apparently. This part isn’t a work, this is actually some of Cena’s legit beef with The Rock. Oh Cena also got angry because The Rock said he was never leaving again in a promo last year and then was off TV for months. Clearly Cena has the brain capacity of a 4 year-old and takes everything that is said literally. The Rock, well he just doesn’t like John Cena, and who can blame him? He thinks he looks stupid in all his Rainbow Bright, Fruity Pebbles t-shirts and jean shorts (he does), he thinks all his mottos like Hustle, Loyalty, Respect and Rise Above Hate are plain stupid (they are) and he is as sick of seeing Cena as the rest of us (WE ARE!) and has let Cena know it.
Henry said the absenteeism of teachers is 30% per day and that most students are performing three or four years below their grade level. Eamon suggested that teachers need to be held more accountable and asked her how many teachers she has written up. She said just one because of the lengthy time it takes to handle these matters and the probable fights with the teacher's union.
Stir well again
The only sounds which I can hear are the continuing sound of a nearby radio, my soundtrack continues like I always knew that it would.
First, we looked for a replacement treadmill. Limited progress was made with the actual dealer we wanted to visit, despite claiming to have an outlet in Mid Valley on their website, actually not so much existing. So it may be some time before we sort that out.
Overall Stats:
That morning he’d ran fine and free
I linger by my shingly bars;
- finished 7 weeks of radiation in July, BUT +, headed to Sturgeon Bay, WI to stay with Bill & Kathryn, and then into Chicago to see Margo & Luke and their girls and Gemma, Rowley and Fin and of course, Dr McLeod and the toxoplasmosis research group.
One of the men that was oh so attracted to Evalle was almost completely pointless to the story. I know this is the first of a series but he was introduced, instantly attracted to Evalle, as she was of him. Evalle talks about him to Tzader and Quinn. Tzader tells her the guy is bad news cause he hunts Alerants. She is half Alterant and half Belador. So now she’s worried about this guy finding out about what she is. The book has two more scenes with Evalle with this guy. (He was so pointless I forgot his name). He gives her information and kisses her and then… nothing. I found his character pointless in every way. Evalle could have gotten the information some where else and we would have all been spared an unnecessary and lack luster love scene.
File Under ;;; Punk Rock Afterbirth
A tiny toy poodle. He had been in the hospital for a couple days due to anemia caused by a flea infestation so severe the fleas were literally crawling out of his eye sockets and other orifices. His red blood cell count was 12% (normal is ~37-55%). We got rid of the fleas and stabilized him and sent him home but he had a stroke the next day and lost the use of his hind legs.
I have never really explored Manila as an adult. The last time I was in the city was for one night in 2009, en route between Hong Kong and Mindanoa province. It was a blur of a night. I remember only concrete and more concrete, and a long taxi ride amongst humidity.
McInerney states, “…nobility is possible with this grape.” He goes on to list several producers that should be considered, and notes that the wine region of Friuli, Italy produces some noteworthy selections.
5) Over 50% done putting together clickable maps for Nobody Hikes in LA. Driving through Whittier or Irvine and want to know where to find a trail? This is for you! Note: as I write this post, all the hikes are not yet included on here since I'm not finished, although by the time you read this post they may be.
Starfleet opts to send its flagship to intercept it. The Enterprise has been undergoing refurbishing in order to explain it new, bigger budget look. The ship id now under the command of Decker. It is never mentioned onscreen, but he is the son of the commodore who went nutso in “The Doomsday Machine.” Decker was supposed to bea main character on Star Trek: Phase II. What he and his companion Ilea were supposed to be turned into Riker and Troi years later on TNG. For my money, there is not a whole lot recognizable here.
How did doing things I love (working, baking, volunteering) careen out of control? I love working, love my job, but doing more of it didn't make me love it more. Ditto baking. I love to bake, but my obsession to complete Baking From My Home to Yours resulted in making things I didn't enjoy, nor did I enjoy making them. I had turned my life into too many things that had to get done, and I lost the joy of doing them. With no time (no time!) to contemplate them before, during or after, my life lost the patina of worth. I spent all this time working more, and not achieving completion, and I spent what little time I had at home baking, and not loving the process. It didn't take me more than a day in Paris to realize that I had to change. That was a revelation. In the past, I would say "things have to change!" when talking about work while we were on vacation. This time, it was clear to me that the change has to come from me. And it has.
Having realized over the past decade that going to the cinema had become a less than pleasant experience, at the beginning of last year I’d decided to give it all a miss. It didn’t seem to be a big deal now that the DVD release is usually in the shops well before, say, a hardback book becomes available in paperback. If I can wait to read a book I can certainly wait to watch a film. Equally weary of the ramped—up propaganda that goes into selling every new release, it was refreshing to catch up with it long after the attendant hullabaloo had died down, so I could watch each movie on its own terms without it being made out to be such a big deal.
We spent three days over new year in a "wigwam" in Northumberland on Herding Hill Farm. Owned by a lovely man, Steve and his family it's a fairly new enterprise for them and the wigwams with their own hot tubs haven't arrived yet so we were in the basic ones but heck it was good. Wooden structures, benches and a wee table and then the benches form the beds (Paul was having a disco kip one day on the bench there) and they are cosy and warm and pleasantly different. We do camp generally for our holidays but over January and in the wind and rain that we have been having that would have been very hard work. These wigwams are cropping up all over the UK, I would recommend them.
All of this flat-on-my-backness has given me plenty of time to research mattresses, Pilates, and especially Paris and London. We've got our plane tickets, figured out what we want to see and do in Paris and bought tickets to the newly opened Harry Potter Studio tour in London.
You can find these canvas totes to match any decor. If storage is pretty, you don't have to hide it away.
The war was lost not when the idiotic Bremer, who really represents the best America has to offer in career diplomats (you get to be a diplomat by graft, corruption and ass kissing) disbanded the Iraqi Army and turned the country's population into 70% unemployment zone; no, the war was lost when, after "liberation", American soldiers did NOT demolish Abu Ghraib, the prison where Saddam's thugs tortured men, women and children, but instead started to use said building complex, for the same reasons - to imprison and torture Iraqi men, women and children.
To me, good music is good music, and yes, that inlcudes Katy Perry. I know some people hate on her, but not only do I love the sound of her voice, I love the artist right due to her blue wigs!
Poverty. According to UNICEF, 24,000 children die each day due to poverty. And they die quietly in some of the poorest villages on earth, far removed from the scrutiny and the conscience of the world. Being meek and weak in life makes these dying multitudes even more invisible in death.
Ouellet, who in 2010 left Quebec to become Prefect of the Congregation for Bishops, one of the top positions in the Holy See, advises Pope Benedict XVI on candidates for the episcopacy. Among other surprising and innovative appointments was that of Ouellet’s replacement a little over a year ago, Archbishop Gerald Cyprien Lacroix, who had served less than two years as one of Ouellet’s auxiliary bishops.
However, there is a lot of talk in the book about how much Ivy worries about her grandfather while he's down in the mine, they talk about working in the mine like it's a form of cruel and unusual punishment, and in the end there is a mining accident with lots of details. There are references to real life mining disasters, descriptions of the families waiting at the church for news, and descriptions of what may or may not be going on down there...explosions, rock falls, floods, drowning, deaths...all very scary, especially if your Daddy is a coal miner.
An excellent text which covers this area extremely well. This will be of interest to those who want more information on how the analysis that underpins this approach to profiling is carried out as there are lots of examples here:
I'm finished with my musical excursions in Ontario for a while and in about six weeks I'll be leaving here. My next big adventure will probably be the George Street Festival in St John's this summer. Sean will be back with his band mates and Great Big Sea will perform. It's been ten years since I've seen them live, an entire decade and I've missed them. I'll be a resident then.
Isn’t it incredible how a smell can transport you back to a place and time far easier than a photograph can? How the whiff of someone’s perfume, or browning garlic, or freshly cut grass causes often causes a flood of memories and emotions? I know now that for the rest of my days, the intoxicating scent of orange blossoms will always take me back to the Mediterranean coast of Turkey.
And lit up in that way
There have been–and still are–many flowers and the season shows excellent potential. Of course, one should never count the berries until they are picked.
It's eating my emotions.
We never did fully come to a formal decision... Mike just started saying "It's a good name" when I mentioned the name. And then when he was born and the doc asked me his name, I just kind of blurted out "Emmett Jeffrey." Thank goodness it was OK with Mike, because I love that little man's name!
Minions: “SWIPER!”
“How is this possible?! How does one get anywhere?!” He even managed to enunciate the exclamation marks as he laughed his way through this blasphemy.
The 57-year-old Chavez had to return to Havana last week for more surgery despite repeatedly saying he was cured after two procedures last year. That has fueled doubts about his ability to campaign for re-election in October, or to govern if he won.
Then, Hoffa stated that the Tea Party is in his union’s sights:
Yeah Tootsie Roll, Let me see that Tootsie Roll
Location: Ames, IA
Given that so much blood was on the hands of his party, and, as such, the newly appointed government, some may conclude that those who praised Madela's mercy and forgiveness, when the Truth and Reconciliation tribunal set up after he came to power, to look into the Apartheid years, did not include a provision for sanctions, were being deliberately naive.
Rohaizad Mohamed, Senior Vice President of Broadcast Operations at Astro said, “As a licensed broadcaster, Astro is required to comply with the national content regulations.
The needle drops and I’m all expectation. Can this be really as good as has been written about? Forty minutes or so later, having indulged myself in both sides of the vinyl, I’m in quite a state of shock. At this distance, its quite hard to explain in mere words just what an impression that record made. Put simply, up until that point in my life I’d never… ever… heard anything like it.
Please welcome:
I recently spotted this article which details the town's struggle not only to change their name because of its sound, but also because it can't be found in Google searches by tourists. Think about it - googling "Eu" will probably give you a whole host of hits regarding the European Union, conjugations of the French verb "avoir" and a whole handful of other things OTHER than this French town.
But we see those imperatives again, don’t we? Love. Do Good. Lend. Love. There’s something about love in these verses that is irritating. There’s something about this love that Jesus expects us to demonstrate to others who are far less deserving than some we can think of in our lives. I think that what is irritating is that Jesus expects us to love without expectation of reward in this world. He says we live and love with only the expectation of being rewarded by God—perhaps not even in this world.
Not too long after that we decided to pick up a copy of the book because Rog and I wanted to read it. My brother in law actually picked it up first and then he had to get the rest of the series as well. After he read it my oldest, Marti picked it up and devoured it. She proceeded to read the next book, and the next one and the next one and the next one. She had the entire series read within a week or two. After she finished it, she read it again and then again.
There has been a call from several mayors of municipalities here in British Columbia, Canada to legalize marijuana…the arguments for it are essentially that they are tired of fighting against a mega-tide of grow-ops and drug dealers who are far richer in resources and weapons to push back than the cities can afford to be, and they are right…
Glenna and I both taught two classes, in a charming country hall.
Also, I bought some fake eyelashes because they are fun to wear to fancy occasions.
"I am a happy man."
In the previous years, the Government and Education Ministry would bother for a symbolic anniversary commemoration, but since last two years, those events have been forgotten. There is no Government support for republish of his work, and assistance for research projects about his unpublished works. In the above BBC reports, the family members of Kateb has said over 3500 unpublished pages are with them, which are endangered. Even hundreds of unpublished pages from later volumes of Kateb’s famous book Lamp of Histories are available with the family, but the Government, despite fake promises, has no interest to republish it, or allow the private sector to work on it.
For the puppy – petting always does the trick. For your gaby – hugs, lots of verbal encouragement, and kisses. For your drag queen – a wig-spree. Once a week, if your drag queen is behaving, take her out on a wig-spree where she can purchase any wig she wants up to $100. Yes, it is costly, but in the end very effective.
In the martial arts, we fight all the time. Striking, kicking, throwing, wrestling, grappling – so many things to practice. Rarely have I ever learned as much from winning a fight as I have from losing one. Without losing, I would never get any better. I believe that applies to life in general. The greatest chefs have all burned and over-seasoned thousands of meals. The best business owners have had the guts to experiment with several strategies before figuring out the best model. So I agree that we shouldn’t worry so much about losing.
How do I know this? Because I am a Graphic Designer, my post-secondary education says so.
shouted out with glee,
Halfmann: We ended up using a brush script for the lettering.
So, my conclusion is something like this: Rousseau is not writing for liberal or emancipatory purposes, but for essentially authoritarian and conservative purposes – to hold together (class) society in spite of diverse and conflicting individual interests (and in spite of the contradictions, between democratic carrots and authoritarian sticks, that this involves). He is also not writing for an actively or enthusiastically capitalist sort of conservatism (one might suspect that this role belongs more to figures like Locke or Hobbes, but don’t quote me on that).
As we have noted before, journalists are highly evolved intellectual herd animals. They possess sophisticated sense organs capable of detecting minute changes in the propaganda environment. Commentators are currently well aware, for example, that the United States has declared a willingness to negotiate with the Taliban in Afghanistan – the standard last resort when the costs of violence become so high that rational solutions are deemed preferable. No surprise, then, that the Guardian’s Madeleine Bunting is able to perceive a level of complexity in that ruined country that so rarely features in reporting from Iraq:
They sent the lawyers down and the doctors down;
E and I spent a really nice day wandering around and getting a feel for the city. For snacks we got cupcakes at "Hey Cupcake". This place is nothing more than an air stream trailer. Actually, we saw that there were plenty of food trucks and rv's. It was kinda rad to see so many food carts. In Boston we hardly have any. The cupcakes were $2.50 (Boston people who complain about the price of cupcakes take note, it is a fairly standard price). E opted for a chocolate cupcake with vanilla frosting and I got a red velvet one. Both were really fantastic. Moist with plenty of tasty frosting. Another plus for me? The chocolate one didn't have a butterceam frosting but a really nice sugar and milk frosting. I tend to not enjoy buttercream so I was really into this. Also the red velvet one had an exceptionally well done cream cheese frosting. Later, we also split a slice of pizza from a place called Home Slice. It came recommended to us by a local who told us that they annually take a trip to NYC to study the pizza scene. Neat. We got a slice of the Marguerite to try. It was very good. The crust was nicely executed. Crisp and chewy where it needed to be. Good air bubbles in the crust but not enough char because the crust was a bit blonde and could have been cooked a bit longer. The toppings were good and we were pretty happy with the rec.
“By faith Abraham, when he was tried, offered up Isaac; …accounting that God was able to raise him up, even from the dead.”
Well, there isn't one... at least that owned by Wingers. As it turns out Winger Bros. is contract brewed locally. The contract brewery asked that I not identify them yet, but you can probably figure it out.
What I love the best is the fabulous views: across to North Wales with glimpses of the Great Orme at Llandudno, and Anglesey; coloured sails bobbing on the Marine Lake at West Kirby; the Royal Liverpool Golf Club at Hoylake and the North Liverpool coast beyond. Other interesting sights: seals lolling on the sandbanks (or in the water), offshore windfarms and oystercatchers on the waterline.
After an extensive amount of research on the matter, I decided to go through with it. I went to Lay Bare Waxing Salon in Robinson's Galleria. There are a few tips that can help you if you're having a bikini wax done for the first time.
It's a very dark maroon thin stripe corduroy wrap dress with a black cotton sash. It has proved almost impossible to photograph but you get the idea.
He is MY calm
SAMPLE ANSWER: Men are supposed to be protectors, providers and moral/spiritual leaders. In order to help men to be protectors, women have to give them time to study to discern truth from lie, and support their ability to be physically strong, and to own firearms. It is also a good idea for women to have a positive view of good men who use force to restrain evil, as with the American military. Women should support the use of force against radical Islam and terrorists, as well. In order to help men to be providers, women have to advocate for fiscal conservatism in the public square. That would mean advocating for lower taxes, less government spending and smaller government. It would also mean being frugal in the home and helping the man to move ahead at work. If the children are up and out of the house, it could mean going back to work or starting a business to help make ends meet – or monitoring investments. For a man to be a moral and spiritual leader, a woman has to be supporting of him making moral judgments in the home, disciplining the children, holding her accountable for moral errors, and for making exclusive truth claims when it comes to spiritual things. She should not censor him when he gets into debates about spiritual things, even if other people who disagree feel bad – so long as he is not being a jerk. Her goal is not to be popular or liked, but to support her husband in his roles. The most important thing a man needs is respect, and that means treating him as important and significant, being grateful for his contributions, soliciting his opinion on things, being mindful of his male nature, which is more visual and sexual.
So if all dramatic art is essentially just a sex scene, what's the difference between eroticism and pornography?
Keen to travel in Indonesia area or overseas
Here's a very simple tweak to make things look right again.
This week has been hell at a certain point. Also good, because I spent a lot of time with my friends, and I really love them. Maybe I'm a selfish bitch and I don't feel like sharing what I have, but I can't do anything, they were there before I was there for you. I can't really say anything about this, but I felt like shit this week, sincerely, I cried every single day, and I just can't tell you that I feel sad, that I'm here, willing to be with you all day, and it can't happen. The good thing about it is that I get more time to spend with my friends. Love is something that needs to be shown every day, in a gesture, words, gifts, a kiss, but it hurts when I can't spend quality time with my beloved one.
First it all let me say that I HATE the changes on my blog. I don't know what happen but after been absent for a few weeks I found out everything in here changed. I would like to know if the same happened to you. Any suggestions?
Son: It's called 'No One' by Maverick Sabre.
Not been blogging - been on holidays and also fighting some sort of bug caught on plane back home but .... I've been working on photos ready to post - with stories :0)
I did a podcast with Carl before Christmas on the Assange affair – and one with Assange’s lawyer, Mark Stephens. This was analysis of the issues to date and did not prejudge the issue of guilt or innocence. Lawcast 174: Carl Gardner on the Assange / Wikileaks Extradition
Lexicon word of the day: timorous.
10. Blind
Cheaper, no chemicals, leaves the skin smooth and it lasts for a long time (I usually end up not having to shave or rewax for a couple of months).
He seems to think that protecting our borders is racism while calling La Raza a civil rights organization. Being a "well educated" major university professor, you think he would catch the irony there.
The Complete Series of House of Five Leaves is an unforgettable and deeply engaging anime series that is unique from other Edo period stories we have seen before as it not brings Edo to life but also tells us a brilliant story. Like the manga that inspired it, the series is filled with appealing characters, fantastic animation and a wonderfully written story that makes this one a real Must Have for any anime enthusiast or a fan of Natsume Ono’s manga.
Imago, Not Amigo
Writers, it is not enough to base your characters and plots on real life and real people. You have to make them plausible to your reader.They are reading a work of fiction, not a memoir or a piece of journalism.
Finally, even if a more cautious approach regarding pharmacological assistance in obstetrics is probable during the twenty first century, and even if the concept of in-labour non-emergency caesarean is better understood, the priority will always be to rediscover the basic needs of labouring women, as long as the main objective is to facilitate in our societies the release of an abundant flow of love hormones in critical periods of human life.
10. Along the Delaware River, from Washington Crossing State Park on PA Rt. 32/Rt. 611 to Easton, PA. It's great to do this scenic and historic drive on a foliage-lit fall afternoon, have dinner and a couple excellent beers in Easton, and then return at night with a full moon reflecting off the river. Beautiful.
Yarn, Embroidery Floss, Bakers Twine or even Jute
Sendak’s recent death coincides with my toddler’s sudden fear of the dark. This fear has come in stages. First, several weeks ago, she started asking for a lamp to be left on at bedtime. Every night, before I went to bed myself, I would sneak into her room and turn off the lamp I’d left on for comfort; I’d then arrange her covers and give her a soft goodnight kiss that she’d never remember.
In the fabric being woven from the progress of your recovery from depression and addiction, there are a number of specific factors that need to be maintained. The common thread that supports all of the other factors—is ‘honesty’. The honesty you have already shown is admirable. Being humble enough to admit you need the help of God to survive and conquer your weakness is a huge accomplishment. It isn’t easy to admit you struggle in certain areas that some people have never had a problem with…and you’ve been able to do that, to some degree.
It's at this point that your wife walks in.
-Leave a little opening to flip the rag right side out. Close the opening and sew a 1/4" seam around the edges to finish. I used colorful thread for the outside stitch to make them more fun. At that point you have a new soft, thick burp rag.
"With regard to nervous system function, it is thought that persons with FM experience pain amplification due to abnormal sensory processing in the central nervous system."
Goes over the hill into the deep sea;
Nas -- his real name is Nasir Bin Olu Dara Jones -- was not quite 21 when his debut album, Illmatic, was released in 1994. Some critics rank it as the best rap album of all time, and nearly all of them rank Nas very high on the list of the greatest MCs.
Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series
Let's see when I get around to making the muslin and cutting the fashion fabric.
Can you believe this is the last Winner's Post that will be here? Don't fret though, our new home will be filled with fun challenges each week and a fabulous new group of winner's for each challenge.
As if she read my thoughts and ran her fingers over it.
But, I wouldn't trade her for anything. She is affectionate, funny, adorable, oddly agile for her age, and an extreme pest. She is needy and independent all at the same time. Maybe that's why she drives me bonkers - we are too much alike.
She says he should shower/
119 11. “Dreadful Days in Athens: Greek Massacres and American Misjudgments.” Congressional Record, vol. 119, p. 40892; Daily Record, pp. H11151-H11152 (December 11, 1973).
Several weeks later, Jonah awakens in the cabin of an old trapper. It is not revealed how the trapper found Jonah, but he nurses the boy back to health through the summer & fall & into winter. Jonah walks for three days to find the Apache camp, but it is deserted. Then we get a montage of Jonah as a "wanderer on the frontier", a buffalo hunter for the Army, a tracker, a scout, and then in the Civil War at Chancellorville (May 1863), Vicksburg (July 1863), Shiloh (April 1862), Antietam (Sept 1862). Therefore, the Fort Charlotte Massacre occured sometime after July of 1863.
There were complementary bottles of German Riesling – feeling German and only wanting to insure there was plenty of our beer for the guests, I consumed several of these wines myself.
“My cart,” I began, pointing to the circle of people surrounding my cart, “it won’t budge.”
…like monks, some of us will be visited by visions and others will toil out our days knowing glory only at a distance, kneeling in the chapel but never receiving the visitation of a Tony, an Oscar, a National Book Award. And yet the still, small voice may speak as loud in us as in any. So we pray. Fame will come to some. Honor will visit all who work.
are you insane?
Day 3: Through your grief process who has been your "rock"
No romantic and/or rock-star vampires here. These bloodsuckers want to eat you and play with your blood. It’s chock-full-of disgusting death and charged with an apocalyptic climax threatening the entire west coast.
And I know that his commandment is eternal life.
8:30am
What the republicans are banking on is that they can excite their base enough so that ALL of them show up, and then the Republican establishment-types will vote Republican no matter what, because that's what they do. Then, they're hoping that Independents will be disenchanted enough with the economy (remember, stupid...) that they're turn their back on the President and his efforts to revive it. The problem with this philosophy is that it only works if Republicans sent one of their warriors to the general, and not one of their establishment candidates. Michele Bachmann will excite the base, but she has literally no chance of winning the general. Same goes for Herman Cain and Ron Paul. Mitt Romney and John Huntsman are on the opposite end of the spectrum; they can make a lot of money by appealing to the party elites, and could both possibly win a general election, but would most likely not do so because the party base would stay at home, and opt to mourn the state of the country, instead of handing the presidency over to a more mainstream, establishment Republican (to be fair, I give them credit for being principled, even if they are misguided).
And the princess saw them an she was scared.
Tim Minchin came on and announced that this gig was more of an experiment and that they only had 7 songs, he then confessed that he had written one more this afternoon, so eight songs. The music began. The music was simply amazing, enjoyable, whatever…..I felt privileged to have been there at the start of what might become big. No ego’s present. The band and Tim drinking afterwards with the few crowd members remaining and happy to shake my hand and briefly chat, with no eyes-rolled-to-heaven kind of look. Humourless ? I don’t think so. No humour intended but he is just a really funny man. Lots of humour but none that overshadowed the music.
Rap began as a rhythmic, verbal means of self-expression in the 1970s and became a major part of popular culture beginning in the 1990s. Early artists like Grandmaster Flash offered political commentary about life in the ghetto, and like many peers, distanced himself from gang culture. Ironically, hip-hop’s largest audience has always been young white males living in suburbia, perhaps bored with their less exciting lifestyles.
By Judie Brown
Long-winded, I know, but this song is a tearjearker.
Alas, I am only 5'1"(...in the morning...) and have athletic runner's legs so this outfit would make me look like a tree stump with a cowboy hat. Not quite the look I go for... But here it is! A girl can dream
21. Indiana
and generally they never looked
Join AiA, the Association of Independent writers. They have an Authors Resource Guide with people who can help with every aspect of the process from A to W. Sorry, if you need something from X, Y or Z, it’s not there.
I floated the name to my group of literary friends. The graphic artist of the bunch drew up some curvy letters and we were hooked. I ordered the marine grade vinyl decals the next day, and my boat name was ready for application by the end of the week.
MomMom
First, a comedic gem from the short-lived Dana Carvey Show (which I don't even remember), featuring some guys you will probably recognize:
Let me start by saying that this is one of the few instances when I'm glad my mom doesn't speak/read a lick of English and thus not follow this blog. Heck, I don't think she even knows what a blog is. But I digress.
It’s easy, and wholly understandable, to laugh at this type of drivel. But it’s worth recalling Neal’s valued place within Duke. Indeed, the revelation of the “thugniggaintellectual” moniker came from Duke's public relations office itself; Duke Magazine published an interview with Neal in which he asserted that “my intellectual alter ego is thugniggaintellectual—one word . . .I wanted to embody this figure that comes into intellectual spaces like a thug, who literally is fearful and menacing. I wanted to use this idea of this intellectual persona to do some real kind of ‘gangster’ scholarship, if you will. All right, just hard, hard-core intellectual thuggery.”
Because January 7th is his mother's birthday.
I hate how catchy this song is and yet I love it all at the same time. The build up energizes me and yet, when it drops, I slightly cringe. I can’t decide if I really like it or whether its just my inner sixteen year old having a good ol’ raging dance p@rti.
Trayvon Martin, an unarmed black teen, died after being shot by a community watch captain with white and Hispanic parents, George Zimmerman, in Florida.
3 Tablespoons salted butter
When I pressed Tanner on their reason for traveling this far north, he became evasive. He was pretty straightforward about being evasive … if that’s possible. They were on a specific mission. That much he confirmed. However, he stated simply that their mission was strictly on a need-to-know basis and we didn’t have a need to know.
I didn't think it was possible, but I may have found a quality in writing that is more elusive that voice - grounding. Those little details that make a story or a scene or a character real. My favorite example of this comes from C.S. Lewis' The Voyage of the Dawntreader:
Do you listen to any Contemporary Christian Music? Are you a fan? Who are some of your favorite artists? If you don't like Contemporary Christian Music, why not? Do you think that Christian artists are genuine in their missions or do you think they are just in it for the money and recognition?
What can I say? It was a teachable moment of sorts, and I punctuated it with the sinister/nebulous implied-threat tone to my voice that fathers everywhere learn in order to survive child-rearing. You fathers out there know the drill and you know the way one pitches one’s voice for that special effect. It requires physical equipment that women just don’t have. We can’t give birth, they can’t make that particular kind of ominous noise.
Elsewhere the statement says “Treasury Holdings has informed the Trustee-Manager that the issue of Treasury Asian Investments Limited (“TAIL”) has been raised by NAMA in the Irish Court Proceedings. The Trustee-Manager further wishes to clarify that (i) the history of the TAIL matter was disclosed in full in the Introductory Document issued in relation to TCT on May 21, 2010, and (ii) NAMA’s requirements of Treasury Holdings in relation to TAIL were agreed unequivocally by Treasury Holdings.”
YOU could be a WINNER!!!!
~ Judith Zukerman
Frank MacKay, the Independence Party chairman, went so far as to claim that not only didn't he know, but that he couldn't recall the name of the consultant who supposedly recommended he hire the firm. NYP January 30, 2010. Leaders of the city Independence Party -- which has been feuding with MacKay for years -- suggested the entire set-up might be "corrupt." On February 11, 2011 the NYP wrote DA raps Indie Party in $1M Mike-elex theft The DA filed court papers that described the party as a "noncriminal defendant" that helped political operative John Haggerty steal Bloomberg's campaign cash late in the 2009 mayoral race. According to court papers party VP Connolly and Haggerty also fabricated a written contract to make it appear the party had contracted with Haggerty to conduct the Election Day operation. . . Dennis Lemke, one of the party's lawyers, denied that the party knew of Haggerty's alleged million-dollar scam. He said the party was prepared to return any of the mayor's remaining funds -- but only to the mayor. A footnote in the indictment said party officials kept "a portion of the stolen funds." Campaign records show that Bloomberg wired $100,000 to the party's housekeeping account on March 12, 2009. Four days later, state party Chairman Frank MacKay received $60,000 from that account for unspecified "consulting" duties. Political insiders said the timing of the mayor's $100,000 donation indicates it was intended as a goodwill gesture, since he was negotiating at the time with MacKay's hated rivals in the city Independence Party, which controlled the Independence ballot line for mayor. Bloomberg ended up contributing $400,000 to the city Independence Party after securing the line * Indy Party chief in jam over wife loan The wife of the chairman of the state Independence Party solicited and received a $10,000 business loan from a candidate (Tabacco) who got the party's coveted endorsement days later. I implore the chair to explain to [party] members statewide if contracting with GRI is a prerequisite to the political-patronage machine called the New York State Independence Party," Tabacco said.* DA raps Indie Party in $1M Mike-elex theft(NYP) * Indy Party $till frozen(NYP) * The state Independence Party came under withering attack Tuesday from a judge who said it betrayed its members by poorly monitoring a $1.2 million donation from Mayor Bloomberg. "It doesn't smell right," Manhattan Supreme Court Judge Martin Shulman*Independence Party Accused of Failing to Monitor Funds - NYTimes The Manhattan district attorney’s office has also filed a civil suit against the party, accusing it of helping to cover up Mr. Haggerty’s scheme, a charge the party has denied. “Nothing here suggests anybody was watching the store,” the judge said. “I’m more interested in hearing why you believe you get a pass in terms of your chairman and your vice chairman not having a clue of where the $1.1 million went.”* SI DA Probe opened by Staten Island of Independence Party's $10G loan in exchange for City Council nod
The book, 'Just Imagine' is A4 format, 154 pages with a CD and illustrations.
If you were looking at a graph of my career as a writer, you'd see a nice steady upward climb, for the most part, since 1997. And then came 2010. What the hell happened in 2010? In my view, publishing collapsed.
and still stay true?
Whenever you are ready to join up with us, sign up on the Linky list or if you're not sure how to do that let one of us know and we'll add your blog to our list.
The oak shows as a wonderful spice note, well integrated, but could use a little time yet to lose its hard edge. Fine grain tannins and smoky oak really accentuate the spice and the seamless quality, coffee flavours starting to develop. A lovely wine, great with pasta, but I would love to try it in a few years too – 91/100 points.
While I’m doing quick and healthy cooking demos, it’s not uncommon for people to share their healthy eating stories. Recently, I was demonstrating at the Longmont Farmer’s Market and one of the shoppers shared this story of her disappointing experiment with quinoa.
In preparation of our ginormous chalkboard wall (yes, I know this is totally against what I said here and yes, I am still painting), I decided to add some magnetic paint on the lower part of the wall so that the kids could have somewhere to put fun magnets instead of the refrigerator. Here's a couple of my inspiration pieces.
Brian Quick: Greg Little
Feta Cheese Topped with
I'm dedicating this video of Mr. Bean to all students who are taking a break for Thanksgiving vacation, but who probably have some studying to do for exams that will await them when they return to campus. Take a break and enjoy the humorous side of the nervous endeavor of taking an exam and wondering if you studied the right thing!
First of all, I want to thank everyone for voting on my poll! There was a total of twenty-nine votes, with three for Kiefer Sutherland as David from The Lost Boys, three for Bela Lugosi as Dracula in the 1931 Dracula, two for Max Shreck as Count Orlock in Nosferatu, six for Christopher Lee as Dracula in the 1958 Dracula, four for Gary Oldman as Dracula in the 1992 Dracula, zero for Edward Cullen from the Twilight franchise, two for Angel from Buffy the Vampire Slayer, seven for Eric from True Blood, one for Lina Leandersson as Eli in Let the Right One In, and one for Brad Pitt as Louis de Pointe du Lac in Interview With the Vampire:The Vampire Chronicles.
place to start my day and to end each night. In my old studio, I surrounded
I just love their cute little coastal town. The race start was right down by the harbor, and though it was overcast when we arrived at 8 am, the sun quickly broke through.
The high cost of college education often serves as a deterrent for many, in getting a higher degree, especially when it comes to students from low income families. After all, the high costs, education loans and the resultant debt can scare anybody. Sometimes, a student fresh out of high school may feel that he is still not sure what he wants to do in his life so how can he decide which degree to opt for. Other reasons for deciding against going to college are finding oneself too ill equipped to handle the studies and pressures of college life, and when nobody from the family has ever had a higher education.
I only have one Christmas gift to make this year. It's for a friend who greatly admired a shawl I made last year, which ensured her a spot on the "people I'm willing to knit for" list. The gift shawl is not quite to the halfway point so there's enough pressure to keep me motivated but not quite so much that I am berating myself for not starting it sooner.
The emphasis in this approach is on retribution and punishment. Yet anyone who has had dealings with victims of the violence in Northern Ireland knows full well that most just want to know what happened to their loved ones. Who killed their father, brother, son, mother, sister, wife? Why did they do it, and did their loved one suffer?
-This above all: to thine own self be true,
"Running Wild" could have been recorded at any point from 1966 onwards, being pushed forwards by a stomping rhythm and simple riff, and sounds pretty great today. It's not a record of sophistication, but the whining guitar lines, lyrical concerns of "running wild and sleeping rough" and rock and roll journeymen tales do make it a bit of a primal beast, although never so uptempo that it doesn't have an agreeable dirty laziness to the rhythm as well. This was apparently something of a favourite on some club dancefloors at the time, although obviously that didn't seem to translate to record sales.
The random yelling on vent and everyone scrambling was worth it.
It sure was a busy one. Saturday was running errands and then some yard work. Yesterday I spent the day with my daughter and my son stopped with a wonderful card and gift.
Just as the Nagas of our Puranas are people and not actual snakes, I would think that the lizards, cats and kingfishers of their puranas, may have represented human tribes. Thus talking animals or lizards marrying cats should have no problems in being understood.
A big thank you if you have got to the end of this rather rambling first post (told you I need to practice my writing) and I hope you enjoy what is to come!
I really do want to do the right thing. I may try several ideas that aren’t quite right. Rather than getting all over my case about it, remind me that we’re doing this together. (Remember, I love being part of your team.) A little encouragement will go a long way. Not only will I feel better about myself, but my trust in you as a leader will grow, also.
the crisp morning air mingling
In the same shop I found this little packet of wood slices - they are about an inch and a half long and quite thin. I think that two of them may well find their way onto a couple of my book pages.
It's fun to think that some really impressive gardeny things that I've seen around could totally be ours one year with the help of Chris and mancrafts.
If there are creditors who are always calling your phone to collect a debt, then it will leave u feeling frustrated. If you file for any of these chapters, you will be able to find a way to settle this debts. These are some Texas and Bankruptcy information that you must know before you file. It is important that you seek a lawyer if you are planning to file this.
At the end of the trip, my oldest slams the back doors of our big purple van and says, "I don't know if they're exactly how you would put them. But they're in."
Do not take public transport. I repeat. Do not take public transport. Because you will have the hardest time of your life if you had taken public transport in the city without mastering the streets of Yangon nor you know the language very well.
1. Why didn't I write a romantic comedy that would become a Hollywood movie?
If you only knew one thing about a woman and had to guess her income, education level would be a good place to start. But when it comes to personal advice — to understanding our own lives — we know so much more than that. Only then — for example, after we have narrowed down the pool to college-educated, professional suburbanites between 40 and 50 years old — do the studies about women’s negotiating ability, shoe style, and so on, make a big difference. Marginal things matter, but for most people they’re not the causal story. Put another way, they matter more for populations than they do for individual readers.
Yes Yes, I sed it :)
to sink, it's hoped, in the earth,
17. Fat man
But I'm coming to realize that I can do something about when those feelings arise and not let them spoil what could be a beautiful or fun moment with my son.
It would appear a lot of people received bath salts from Dead Sea Magik.
But publishing my own novel has reminded me how our stories become a reader's most private moments. My prose becomes the voice whispering beside their own thoughts in their alone-time on the train, or the drowsy pre-dream period last thing at night. With that in mind, how could I not be true to my material? Obviously I'll take advice on what isn't working, but I won't change anything for markets and fashions. Our books outlast those anyway.
Follow, follow me!
Exhibit-goers will be able to record their own memories of the Dodgers and Ebbets at the “Post Game Wrap Up,” where an iMac will film their testimonies.
Because we only had about six hours in the Bahamas, we decided not to spend any real money on an excursion. We followed the crowds along the main street and set our sights on the free beach, Junkanoo Beach.
However you might have told the story to yourself while reading it, I don’t understand how you can have this reaction to encountering an entirely irrelevant racial disparity, and believe that it’s an acceptable reaction to have.
Another title frequently used by nonlawyers in the U.S. that can mislead foreign nationals is ”immigration consultant” or similar such term.
Happy Presidents’ Day!
Pen
While it certainly wasn’t the primary goal of the race, many were hoping a Formula 1 Grand Prix, would help start the healing process in Bahrain. On the back of political and social unrest for more than a year, Formula 1′s presence was a controversial one.
Although Dr. Treves lost touch with Mr. Merrick after their initial meeting, another circumstance of chance ultimately reunited them, this time preempting any other separation until the end of Mr. Merrick's life four years later at the age of twenty-seven. In was during these last years that Dr. Treves saw to it that Mr. Merrick, a man discovered to be of high intellect, manners, and sensitivity, enjoyed a secluded, comfortable, and dignified life in a quiet suite of rooms at the hospital. His wishes, however simple or fanciful, were indulged, and acknowledged with a sincere and moving gratitude which is an enduring lesson in humanity for all the ages.
Wednesdays = Zumba
For the 2009-2010 school year, just over 80% of students enrolled at my daughter's elementary school were eligible for free/reduced breakfast and lunch. Of that number I am unsure just how many participate, but the Breakfast in the Classroom link states nationally less than half of those eligible for free breakfasts (doesn't specify lunch numbers) currently take advantage.
This is not a one-time event it is a universal experience that when we travel through life some events and relationships that we engage in will go sour and others will fall away or become conflicted. I personally find that I grow faster if I stop associating disappointing times with bad luck, or negativity. If I genuinely look at these times I can see how I should have been clearer from the start with this person or not taken on a job that I knew was going to end in a loss. I can also be kinder with myself knowing that I grow when I take risks, make mistakes and I can try to see breakdowns as a way of breaking through and becoming clearer about my true intent and desires. My preconceived ideas that the world should always work for me is a sweet idea, but not exactly good for my growth. It would get boring to never have my dependence on safety, desire to be liked, and want to have everything in my life run smoothly to be challenged. I don’t like chaos but I do like getting clearer even if it hurts a little.
A total of about 1,500 Hispanic students receive special instruction under the terms of the decree.
as an Ex-Hippie, sort of, minus the protesting & flowers…
TwitterHi, jesse presley. You have a new direct message: elizaapresley: jesse, pleas…
A place like this stands in sharp contrast to the city gardens I've been stomping around the last few years. At the BBG the other day I watched a security gaurd yell at a woman who was settling down in the grass amidst the lilac grove. NO LYING ON THE GRASS!! Of course it makes sense, thousands of people have to be able to enjoy the gardens on any given day, rules alleviate the stresses of so much traffic.
The pictured set above (GC-011 Spellbinders Grand Calibur Junior Replacement Plates Full Set) includes the Junior sized A-Base Plate, B-Embossing Plate, C-Cutting Plate, and Junior Rubber Mat (this product contains Natural Rubbe Latex/NRL) - everything you need to cut and emboss Spellbinders die templates. These mats are designed to be flipped over and used on both sides. As with all manual die cut machines, cutting mats are consumable products and need to be replaced with use. Approx. Size: 8½ x 6″
Dr. Cox: That laughing had better not be aimed in my direction, bro.
A Proverbs 31 woman knits, crochets, and cross-stitches. She decorates like Martha Stewart and actually succeeds in her Pinterest crafts.
No - the unbearable heat has turned out to be too much for my fragile flowers, who will surely wilt in the sun.
At the station, Vega tells Britten he has a lead on a case. However, when they go to meet Vega's lead, the supposed pawn shop is a vacant storefront. When Vega admits the lead offered to help him for $100, Britten tells him he's been scammed. "If you have to buy it, it may be information. If they try and sell it to you, it's always BS." Britten adds, "Think of it as a rookie tax."
20 front squats (95#/65#)
After getting home we have experienced rain, rain, and more rain. Perhaps we came home a little too soon? But, alas, we had to come home when we did because Dave had to host a football officials board meeting at our house. I see that our lilac bushes are budding, so spring weather can't be too far off. In the meantime, we'll enjoy any short respite from the rain!
Under the Smoky Mountain pile of the past
her Anniversary she is giving away a HUGE BOX of scrappy goodness!! So what is
So you head over to Geocaching website and set your account up.... you look the the maps of where you want to go for a walk and see what caches are located in the vicinity and you input the co-ordinates to your GPS enabled device (I use my mobile phone).
I touched the white page of my journal, now covered with my writing. Then slowly I pulled from top to bottom. The paper made a sharp sound as it separated from the journal. All that was left were a few fragments of white paper where my mistake had once been. The picture couldn’t have been clearer.
We do not deny the aid rendered by prominent professional persons—as a matter of fact, we are grateful for their excellent assistance. Our Editorial Advisory Board consists of such outstanding educators as Dr. Lauretta Bender, Associate Professor of Psychiatry, School of Medicine, New York University; Miss Josette Frank, Consultant on Children's Reading, Child Study Association of America; Dr. C. Bowie Millican, Department of English Literature, New York University; Dr. W. W. D. Sones, Professor of Education and Director of Curriculum Study, University of Pittsburgh; and Dr. S. Harcourt Peppard, formerly Acting Director, Bureau of Child Guidance, Board of Education, City of New York, and now Director, Essex County (New Jersey) Juvenile Clinic.
Alexandria, La – The Alexandria/Pineville Area Convention & Visitors Bureau will host a Tourism Awareness Luncheon on Thursday, May 10, 2012, at the Alexandria Riverfront Center in downtown Alexandria.
We have three copies to give away to the first three people to answer this question:
Sodium: 337 mg
Match 4: Alex Shelley & Chris Sabin defeated Hernandez & Anarquia
A bright sparkle in the morning sky catches Duke's eye.
10. Lift off the foil and baking beans and trim off the pastry around the rim. Put the flan, uncovered in the oven for five more minutes.
My recommendations: Again, like many of the glosses I featured in Glosswatch, I would like to see how this gloss works in other colors. (I'm particularly interested in the peachy Guavagold, red-gold Fireberry, and punchy-red Juicy Apple.) I'm definitely purchasing a new tube of this to replace the one I have right now, though, just for the staying power and the SPF. And definitely, definitely wearing this with mascara and eyeliner.
4 Intro Piece
Finally, two months later, redemption came. A friend paid for me to come stay with him, understanding that I had nothing I could do, that I was in a very bad place, and he didn't want to see me die. I stopped cutting, and I left a note for my mother on the computer the night I left. (I did not tell them I was leaving. I literally packed, and walked out at 2 AM into my new life.)
This is where it gets interesting (and hideous).
Last night was the easiest yet so I am hopeful we can get into that routine - they are probably just teasing me though and getting my hopes up. If we could keep going like last night it would be a definite improvement over what we had been fighting. I am laying on the floor beside the bed while he goes to sleep but since I am on the floor and not getting out of his bed I can get out once he goes to sleep easily and so far he has fallen right to sleep. I think some of that is what is bothering Callie though. She loves the bunk beds though and is happy as could be with them. She said they were even cooler than she thought they would be.
Oh how to my heart you endear.
The game is fun and I have my grandmother looking over me, putting high scoring words in my head. However, I still don't understand how this person got kicked off a plane because he was so into a game.
To straighten up the mess
There is no need for Malaysians to push the country to be a republic. “PR is still a Malay-dominated party. They would never turn Malaysia into a republic. We have Chinese and Indians in BN. They are in PR as well. As Malaysians they would not subscribe to this scheme,” said a political science lecturer in a local university in Selangor.
Maybe, the PM thinks he can listen to Idris later, which only means he has to call the polls sooner rather than later because, he may reckon, that after winning the polls he can raise the revenue that would finance his current munificence.
Not only that, but the meters only accept £1 coins (they do not take notes or cards).
Who’s your favorite video game villain?
What a wonderful few days!
Ya gotta dig that!
- In California, USA, in 1986, Judge Samuel King became so annoyed that jurors were absent from his court because of heavy rain that he issued a decree which stated "I hereby order that it cease raining by Tuesday."
It brings tears to my eyes, sometimes, when I see how much you’ve grown in how short a time. In a week you’ll be nine months old. You’ll have spent as much time outside of me as you did inside. It almost hurts for me to realize that because it means you’ve been everyone else’s for almost as long as you were just mine. I whined a lot when I was pregnant about how uncomfortable it was and how tired I felt, but the truth of it is that I miss that time we had to be just mommy and baby. Just us in our own little cocoon. Sharing everything. Drawing strength from the same food and having the same blood flow through our veins. It was so special to me.
I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t probably going to have at least one more glass of this, since it may be part of the Mellow Mushroom’s Beer Club 75 required beers. Yeah, I’ll get around to joining that at some point.
So woe be it to any kindly delivery man or neighbor should they lovingly ring the door bell when my son accidentally nods off for a nano second. I'm fairly certain my local flower delivery man checked to see if I was on the FBI's most wanted list after the not so happy reception he got when he attempted to play Chop Sticks on my door bell last week. To make it worse he didn't even have the right door! I think he should have given me the two dozen roses as an apology, but perhaps he was to scared to offer them to me.
The evidence shows that changes in tax rates that fall within the ranges that policymakers are debating have little impact on high-income individuals’ decisions regarding how much to work. As Leonard Burman, former head of the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center (TPC), recently testified, “Overall, evidence suggests [high-income Americans’] labor supply is insensitive to tax rates.”[2] A marginal rate increase may encourage some taxpayers to work less because the after-tax return to work declines, but some will choose to work more, to maintain a level of after-tax income similar to what they had before the tax increase. The evidence suggests that these two opposing responses largely cancel each other out.
The hustings began with opening statements, during which the candidates made clear that they felt that the 30 year Labour stranglehold on Glasgow councils had to come to an end. Change was the word of the day, with even the Labour candidate acknowledging that it’s time for new blood, pointing out that both herself and the other Labour candidate running had never held a position before. That rang a little hollow though.
He had only the most basic of training in gun handling but did do some draws and some dry fire a couple times a week and live fired maybe once a month. That basic skill combined with knowing what to do was enough. He shot at the first possible moment despite having let the guys get the drop on them. When the gunman turned his head because a car drove by that was the opening. A split second is a long time sometimes.
If you would like to read more about my process and day to day life then pop in and say hello on my blog. I'd love to hear from you. Check out Emma's blog HERE.
Tithing was a legal requirement of the law. It was the giving of a tenth. The Pharisee was not satisfied with only a tenth. He gave a tenth of his income but also of all that he possessed. He was re-tithing. He was probably seeking commendation from God for his religious fervour.
Aurora is considered by many to be a step back, and I can understand why that would be. But there are things to be taken into account. Briar Rose was raised in the woods. The only people with whom she had ever interacted were three fairies who were not what anyone would call intelligent. She was put under a curse that was supposed to kill her. So, yes, she was saved by a man. But not some random prince who stumbled upon the palace, as the Grimm story says, but a man with whom Aurora had flirted (were either of the previous princesses so forward in their flirtations? Not that I noticed) and with whom she had decided to pursue a relationship. Prince Phillip is the first prince to have a name (and even a personality!) Philip is witty, headstrong, and brave. He has a quick temper, but is also quick to laugh. Aurora falls in love with Philip, the man she met in the forest, not with a prince who will save her from her life of servitude.
Yeah, right. Something happens to me when I get near someone who is even somewhat famous or when I have a camera pointed at me. It happened when I met Rusty Wallace many years ago. It happened when I went skydiving and was video taped before and after the jump. And, it happened when I got to the table where Ree was. My brain shuts down, my tongue sticks to the roof of my mouth and I face the camera, and the person I am meeting, like a deer caught in headlights! I was cool as a cucumber right up to the time the store employee took my camera from me, and another took my book. I was lightly moved toward the table where Ree sat. She looked up at me, smiled brightly and said "Hi Susan!" (Our names were printed on postie notes and stuck into the books so Ree would know who to make the autograph out to). I stepped up to the table, knelt down on one knee as I babbled about how great it was to finally meet her. The employee with my camera spoke to us and we looked toward her while she snapped a photo. I proceeded to babble something about how happy my hubby was that I cooked her recipes. "Oh, which one does he like the best?", she asked. Ahhh, Ranch Chicken I mumbled. She laughed and said "Bacon and cheese makes everything better!" I think I said something like yes, it sure does, and then I was being handed my camera and book and Ree said "Thank you for coming by" and I said again it was great meeting her and walked off. And, as I walked off, my tongue loosened up and my brain began to function again and I started kicking and laughing at myself for becoming so flustered by the meeting. I was telling my daughter about it today, and her and her hubby shared that they have both done exactly the same thing, recently, when meeting some members from a band they love. We all had a good laugh over our foolishness. :)
Carly’s tending to Gibby after he was assaulted by a bag of food.
Needless to say, with all that driving around, our daughters needed enter-tainment. They would often ask us to tell them stories. Well, Frank -- a native of voodoo-rich New Orleans and an enthusiastic fan of horror movies -- always, ALWAYS began his stories with something along the lines of "Once there was a flesh-eating zombie...." The girls would laugh and protest and insist on a zombie-free story.
First, I'd like to offer up the idea that while writers are influenced by their environment and by their own upbringing, the parents of unknown teens are a highly unlikely shaping mechanisms to their stories. Most of us write with only the vaguest audience in mind; many of us write for our various past selves. We're not thinking of anyone's parents, nor do I believe that teens shy away from reading about faith -- unless it's telling them how to have it, what type they should have, or creating it as an Issue in a preachy, moralizing way. Adults don't even want to read that, much less teens who have thousands of other options for their entertainment. Second, I'd like to suggest that perhaps agents and editors, seeing the big-picture marketing-wise, may offer guidance to their authors, but they can hardly, as a group, be characterized as afraid to represent and promote fiction containing religious content. Caution in many ways is justified, as we live in an increasingly polarized society in terms of faith - there are those who really do feel that because of theirs, and their moral stance, that they have the truth of things, and know what's best for everyone in society. It's obviously not always easy to maneuver through the submerged tensions on the topic of faith in fiction, but writers who write best are both reflecting their worlds, and opening a window on the world to others.
(Which is probably never. It will most likely end up on my list of “Things Which I Intend To Do, But Probably Will Never Get Around To Doing.)
Comment #566 - Belinda McNabb (confirmed)
In a couple of weeks, (they) will travel . A Music Tour", in California, in Washington, in Oregon.
If you read this piece as a romanticized recollection and a paean to a idealized world, then you can enjoy it for the prose and the peace it evokes, even though you may know that behind the beautiful perfection of the tobacco fields lies the horrible truth of the deaths that tobacco has cause and that behind the freedom the boy feels lies the drudgery of farm life. But you cannot question the “meaning” of this piece, for Berry is very explicit about what he means here, as well he should in an essay. The success of an essay depends on how well the author achieves his or her intention; the success of a story depends more on narrative exceeding mere intention or didactic purpose.
So here’s a touchy subject: we know that many people in prison have mental health problems. Some of these are addictions which led to the need for acquisitive offending in the first place, but whilst addictions are ‘counted’ as mental disorders, they are not always disorders that require inpatient mental health care. Other prisoners have psychotic conditions and campaigners have argued that more of the psychotic prisoners need to be move across from prison to health. No argument about that here.
They so enjoyed fluid mechanics that the following week one of the boys brought in a hydraulics kit that they spent the class exploring. Something about boys and water...
have named their favorite paddle or strap. I just bought a tawse and I think I may give it a name.
Be democratic.
risk is full: every living thing in
Kyle from Just a Bit Outside or JABO is doing his 5th Box Break. Kyle is busting 4 boxes from the mid 2000s decade. 2003 Bazooka, 2003 Flair, 2005 Topps Chrome Series 2, and 2008 SP Authentic. I think there are 13 guaranteed hits plus some great inserts in the Bazooka set. There are a few teams left including the Brewers and Blue Jays for $5 per team with a small shipping charge. I missed out on the first 3, but I got a big hit (but not the biggest) in his 4th so I definitely wanted in on this one.
I’m so over this bullshit already – a part of me keeps thinking I should’ve chained myself to a mortgage a couple of years ago when I was thinking about it.
In nearby England, a blameless captive of the French prison The Bastille, Dr. Alexander Manette is released, but his ransom price is heavy- his mind is all but broken. Only with the loving and constant nursing of his daughter Lucie and the help of an old banker is he able to recover. Meanwhile, Charles Darnay, a young immigrant from France, is put on trial for a crime that he did not commit. Proven innocent by a man (who looks curiously alike him, but could be no more different,) named Sydney Carton, he is freed to live another day.
A day or two passed and the boys asked if not once, a dozen times if I thought they would ever hear from Peg. One boy even said to the other, "Why would a famous author talk to us?"
Colour Symbolism:
I’m all for artists making comebacks and being relevant again, but not at this cost. Lil’ Wayne and the Young Money camp are vastly different than the older hip hop acts that Durst is accustomed to working with. To me it sounds like a desperate attempt by Durst to gain some fame back and money grab, not music ploy, from the New Orleans based label to see if Durst can still pull that cross over audience. I’m a big hip-hop and rap fan, but this move really bugs me. I used to be a Limp Bizkit fan when I was younger but I was glad that their time passed. If I wanted to relive the late 90′s I’ll Vh1 Classic and not the new Fred Durst video.
The phrase ‘The Guard’, by the way, is used as in someone who is a member of the Irish police force, the Garda
Cook till the drumstick pieces are dry.Check the salt
What would you add to the list? Share your suggestions in the comment box below.
My neighborhood is a common training ground for serious, professional cyclists, as it's quite steep. They whiz past me in their tight little neon-green outfits and aerodynamic sunglasses and raise their pointer fingers approximately one centimeter in greeting, while I huff and puff and slog my head over toward them and grunt, "Hi," sounding like Marge Simpson's sister Selma, between sniffs and groans.
I think the storm (I hear they are called a microburst) lasted probably less than a minute but it felt like SO much longer. When it was all over everyone was safe but our camp was decimated. All of my stuff survived but only because we were on the side more sheltered by the trees, my siblings were not so lucky. Three tents were literally torn to shreds and their poles bent beyond repair. Everything we owned had sand in it. Even my camera which had been in my tent, in it's case, was full of sand. My sister's family spent the night in their van as nearly everything they brought was destroyed. The next day we packed up and left.
I have been wanting to try this top on for a while now and was happy to see the purple motif hanging in my store (it's been sold out online since like a week after it debuted). I grabbed an X-Small and Small in both colors and in the end decided the Small was the better fit. The X-Small was a little too fitted through the ribs and waist...just not quite as flattering. I really loved both colors, but I think I would go for the purple if I could find it by the time is hits sale. I envision this being so cute with my Peppering Skirt and Poetic License purple and blue heels. The one thing I don't love about this top is that the material is a little stiff. It doesn't flow as easily as I would hope and because of that, fits a little odd in the bust area. It even pulls a bit when clearly, there is no reason there should be any pulling action going on. Again, not super blessed on my top half. It's not a deal breaker for me though, and I would love to score this on sale. Hoping there are some purples still around by then!
So, welcome, to another edition of VOTW: Victory of the week!
Execute- act-
-kb swings (about 18-20 lbs. I think..)
Day 4: I receive a tidy rejection email. It doesn’t hurt as much as I thought it would, just a little sting like a shot in the arm. The quick turn-around time is more surprising. Was it so bad they didn’t need to spend much time on it or it was so good they wanted to get back to me right away out of respect? I pretend not knowing the answer to this question.
Fuck you. I am gnomercyforoldmen, some might call me The Village Idiot, but you may call me Sir. It isn’t like I can just tell you what I do for Mr. Sharp, I have to show you. Except then Mr. Sharp, who is devilishly handsome and good natured, might get jealous. Let’s just say that what I do for Mr. Sharp is provide him with a deeply penetrating knowledge of certain thrusts and flourishes that only a man of my certain expertise can offer. When I am not making an ass out of Mr. Sharp, I am making an ass out of myself by ranting and raving about other people’s inadequacies. When I am not bitching, I play games, read and pretend to learn new things. What the fuck ever…
- Pamela G.
We also had some pretty deep conversations. She was hurt with how news of my divorce went down. I was upset with her for lack of support and for acting like a victim. There is still some tension there, but we fixed things a little bit last night. This has been sitting for two years, so it was good to talk in person.
Relativity’s success is owed in part to its relationship with others, both as a partnership matter and in technical terms. There is already integration between Equivio and Relativity with the Equivio Tab in Relativity which brings e-mail threads and near-duplicate handling into Relativity. Reed Smith has already been using Relativity as a hosted platform and can continue to develop its workflows now that it has a more permanent stake in it.
Well Alex, first you gotta understand that kissing is a lot like eating an extremely delicate fruit. Now I’m gonna go through the steps of becoming a fantastical kisser. Step 1, brush your teeth. If you brush your teeth with dog (bad word), you’ll probably have a hard time getting anyone to kiss you. Second step will be gum. The more minty the flavour, the more likely your date won’t throw up in your mouth. Third step to being an excellent kisser is stay away from onions and garlic. There’s nothing worse than moving in for the kiss and getting the hint of death on the other person’s lips.
Baskin writes of Balentine:
But (why is there always a but?) the well-known 99 maximum weeks will soon be a thing of the past.
Also, it’s pretty much the only time in my life where I’m asked by almost everyone I see how I’m feeling. I definitely need to be careful about this ego boost – I don’t want to get into a Duggar situation just because people seem to like me more when I’m pregnant. I don’t think my husband’s heart could take it. Speaking of which, it is absolutely hilarious to have hubby speak to my stomach; this is mostly because he chooses his words very carefully so as to shape the baby’s mind in a certain way. For example, he spent half of the Super Bowl shouting at my stomach “Tom Brady sucks!” The indoctrination must start early. On the bright side, we shouldn’t have any problems with the baby sleeping because hubby has a lot of theories and knowledge to impart to his offspring.
Takes stunning pictures
"I'm sickened by how (these organisations) are harassing me.''
The nineteenth century dislike of romanticism is the rage of Caliban not seeing his own face in a glass.
Not just in Russia is this word used in the context of marriage. Many cultures use this word to describe a happy marriage which just for the record bothered me within 2.2 seconds of the new year beginning when I first began researching what BLISS meant. After all, I'm divorced and don't think I have ever experienced BLISS in any relationship I've ever had. But, as my daughter continues to tell me daily, when it's time MOTHER, when it's time.
I didn’t end up getting back until 4 AM, to discover…..my roommate still awake. What the actual hell? How late do I have to stay out in order for her to be in bed before I am? Every single time I stay out she still is up later than I am, by at least half an hour. I don’t understand. Anyway, since she was up, I was as loud as I wanted and even took the time to call my mom and talk loudly.
An odd first choice, I know. While mainly a game focused around combat, this sequel upped the ante on both puzzles and platforming, and the standout sequence where you chased after messenger God Hermes managed to be both exhilarating, challenging, and rewarding without ever overwhelming to the player. How does it manage this? For one thing, unlike the previous games, there are two primary buttons used for platforming. The X button both jumps and glides, and the R1 button cause Kratos to swing and slide down walls. When compared to games that only use one button for platforming, it’s shocking how much more of an impact this has on how the player perceives their actions, as alternating between buttons FEELS significantly more impactful and challenging despite the controls being relatively simple. Apart from controls, the design of this sequence uses two important elements. The first is that you are chasing someone, so already there is a sense of urgency to the platforming that you don’t have in most of the game. Secondly, many sections you are navigating across are dangerous—not only must you chase Hermes, but you must scale a rapidly burning bridge, jump across treacherous falling platforms, and dodge debris collapsing around the area. It’s bombastic enough to be exciting but never overwhelming, challenging without being frustrating. Lastly, it combines all the skills you’ve learned up until this point in the game. They key in that sentence? Skills! It’s next to impossible to design a sequence this memorable when you give the player almost no input on their actions. This section allows a sense of satisfaction that other, less skill-based platformers fail to achieve, while still keeping in line with the rest of the title’s twitch-action gameplay.
Yea! Theres no resolution
One night as I put my head on my pillow I heard a roar as something tried to enter my body. I cried out, “Jesus help me!” The attack stopped and I lay there for a few minutes paralyzed by what had happened. I called Pastor Fred and we prayed on the phone and afterward I went to sleep.
III
Next year I hope to make some fabric boxes that break down flat because not having something hard does make the stacking of gifts not so neat. Sunshine's first Christmas I ran out of fabric so we just stuffed things unwrapped with just ribbon and a label. The kids were just as excited. We also plan on making next year an entirely handmade Christmas for our extended family too. We'll be alerting them to it and I'm going to share with my MIL stuff I'm making for my nieces and nephews.
Be.
We had just stopped. I knew it was a ploy. Evil had entered my car and was taking control of my daughter.
Malchus remembered the first time he had seen Mary. He had been playing in the streets when Mary, about 20, had helped him find his ball, which had rolled underneath a tanner’s booth.
Answer: According to tradition, they have two functions. Elijah will speak to the Jews. It says in the Gospel that they asked Jesus if Elijah had come yet. Some said that John the Baptist was Elijah, who was supposed to come to reconcile the fathers to the children. And Jesus said that he had come in a certain sense, i.e. in a spiritual sense. Most people, however, would not accept this. Therefore, the real Elijah comes at the end of time to reconcile the fathers (the Jews) to the sons (the Gentiles). And Enoch will speak to the rest of the people. In other words, it will be quite clear at that time that Antichrist has come and that there are the two prophets telling that this is Antichrist.
UKIP ‘front-line‘ spokeman Christopher Monckton has called on the far-right British Freedom Party to “come back and join” UKIP, in a video interview.
Penang Barisan Nasional deputy chairman Zainal Abidin Osman condemned the state government’s ‘Program Anak Emas Pulau Pinang’ as it is clearly politically motivated.
Professor Alderman wrote a fascinating article in The Times on 18th June A grotesque bidding game is undermining university standards” – confronting the issue of degree inflation, the pressure on lecturers to mark examinations leniently and the issue of plagiarism.
Prairie View DE/OLB in an interesting prospect who absolutely dominated the Southwestern Athletic Conference this past season, accounting for a record-breaking 20.5 sacks, breaking the record formerly set by Robert Mathis, who has now went on to become a pro bowl player with the Indianapolis Colts. The thing that is most intriguing about Hamilton is that before enrolling at Prairie View A&M he was a highly coveted high school prospect coming out of well-known Dallas Carter High School, where he played alongside 49er’s WR Michael Crabtree. After initially enrolling at Oklahoma State out of high school, Hamilton was asked to grey shirt on account of the coaching staff handing out too many of their allotted 25 scholarships. Forced to make a decision, Hamilton chose to move on from Oklahoma State and walk on at Texas Tech to play alongside his former high school teammate Michael Crabtree, and under then head coach Mike Leach.
Now Boehner is complaining about President Obama spending his time campaigning instead of running the country. Boehner needs a mirror.
Hmmmm....sounds like a perfect Valentine's Day gift, right?
Just a side note -- I made this again a day later and threw in two eggs. Delicious! It was definitely an awesome breakfast with the added eggs. I feel full and happy :0)
Half-time chitchat continued: “American commentators (I suppose I should include myself here) sometimes use ‘unreal’ to describe a performance almost unbelievable in its quality,” yeehaas Christoper Burke. “I’m not sure if the word is employed the same way across the pond. Perhaps that’s the origin of Cech’s “surr eal” match. I’m in favor of using artistic movements to describe sporting performances. I thought Barca’s effort in the second leg was a bit Rococo myself. And Chelsea’s had shades of Dadaism, since some accused them of playing anti-football.”
During the 2004/05 financial year about 6,000 protests were officially recorded, an unknown number of protests went unrecorded, and about 1,000 protests were illegally banned. This meant that at least 15 protests were taking place each day in South Africa at this time. However the number of protests has escalated dramatically since then and Business Day reports that "2009 and 2010 together account for about two-thirds of all protests since 2004" There was a dramatic surge in protests shortly after Jacob Zuma first took office and the number of protests was ten times higher in 2009 than in 2004 and even higher in 2010. The number of protests reached an all time high in 2010/2011 and can therefore be said to be escalating. -- (Source: Wikipedia)
Next was a trip to Grand Rapids to visit my adopted family, Jeff, Catrina, Amelia, and Justine. They were, as usual, wonderfully hospitable. I forced them to go to a bike race to watch the famous Breezer in a race. They even pretended to enjoy it. The real tell will be when they start riding their bikes. Then I’ll know they enjoyed it...
Judith Ann Spann d/o John Spann & ? Parks
The more I think about it, the more I realize how beautiful this gift of sudden unemployment is. In some way, I have been hoping for this for years. But for it to have come earlier would not have been ideal. The reason it is so wonderful is the timing. I needed this precisely at this time. It is this kind of realization that makes me feel that God truly is, quietly, subtly, in my corner.
Several maps available online vividly dramatize the controversy. The Cougar Network, a nonprofit research organization, charts verifiable sightings based on a set of rigorous scientific criteria. It requires corroboration by independent experts and tangible physical evidence. Its map shows only a scattering of sightings since 1990 in the eastern two-thirds of the country with the majority concentrated in the Prairie States and Midwest. The site states that the cougar appears to be repopulating part of the prairie and possibly some parts of the Midwestern and Southeastern states.
In the above citation Jesus claims to be present with all the true believers in the same sense and to the same degree that the Father is! And:
Bro turns on his stool and looks into the face of a young black man. He has on a White Sox baseball cap twisted to one side. He’s certain that he’s never seen this man before.
Departing tomorrow at 3am, Saturday October 15, seven men from the New Horizons ABF will gather to pray and to say farewells. The team will travel to the other side of the world--to the Central African Republic (CAR). These seven men leave Wooster Grace to share God's love in a real way.
*1 Blog post a week on your personal blog (using 1 of the cards you made for your monthly quota)
If you want to mate and successfully raise your young, it pays to be big. At least among gorillas.
-”Do you love him.” her sister asked her .
Perhaps she is attempting to mold him into something “properly orcish” rather than any attempt to get him to embrace “what he truly is.” To her, that is “Go’el.” A Mag’har orc of the traditional style. if so, does she love what Thrall is, right now, or does she love an idea of what she’d like him to be? Who is she to say what he truly is? Nothing is written anywhere. There is no decree by his people or his parents that he must not be Warchief and instead be a shaman, or that he must be this Go’el and not Thrall.
Serenity loved getting the chance to walk around outside...not sure how interested she was in the animals. She did see some of them, like the giraffes, meerkats and sun bears, but overall, she was just happy to spend time outside!
Dear Trademark Applicant /Opponent:
and the latter about shaping
What’s more, the Bridgewater Community Association evicted her tenant, changed the locks and moved in its own renter.
Well it’s March and mommy has been super busy with school and me! Finally she decided to update my blog! So here is what I’ve been up to lately!
Father, as we continue with your Son on his way to the cross, cleanse the depths of our hearts, so that we rejoice at what makes you glad, and weep for what saddens you. Unite us ever more closely with the merciful heart of your Son, who gave himself for us sinners, and is alive and reigning with you and the Holy Spirit, God for ever and ever. Amen.
Chase and I have been running around putting things away this morning when I passed by my craft room and much to my amazement, it actually looks.... normal. Especially the closet! I got super lucky and have a large walk in closet - perfect for all my stuff! I'll be changing out some of the wire baskets for closed boxes and I still need to thin out my paper collection but I'll get there. Probably not this week but sometime soon I hope! I've also decided I'm in desperate need of a sewing table!
I think that covers the background, from my point of view, for the critique of and exchange with Lawrence Auster that motivates this post. What follows in some places requires more detailed understanding of Auster’s positions and terminology. Sorry about that. Most readers who have gotten this far probably know it anyway. I believe this issue is critical. If even those who oppose PC do not think we should be free to speak of any and all topics, from any and all sources, even when threatened with extinction, then what hope do we have?
What kind of poetry do you write? I am most comfortable writing in free verse, and have a natural tendency to write condensed, short, abbreviated, concise poems, that are also fragmented and sometimes ambiguous. Nature frequently features, and I hope to be non-sentimental and use fresh language. It’s a goal I rarely obtain, but still I try. I also tend to write memoir-esque or confessional poems, but get bored with my own stories. I don’t tend to write formal verse, but would like to be able to write a decent sonnet. I think a good haiku is all one really needs in life, but love to read serial poems, or narrative poetry. And I love prose poems. Some of my favorite works I have read in the last few years have been long poems, such as Shannon: A Poem of the Lewis and Clark Expedition by Campbell McGrath or Lisa Olstein’s Lost Alphabet, a collection of prose poems that read like a strange and wonderful narrative.
Lots of jankers, son.
So we see that the Danish government was complicit in this shameful commercial capitulation. Denmark’s government, it seems, is not monolithic. The American analogy might be the State Department versus the Defense Department — one agency ready to surrender obsequiously to any demand, the other standing firm on behalf of American interests.
We ask that you have 3 images you are ready to apply with. Each must be no wider than 1000 pixels or no more than 700 pixels in height. Resolution must be 72 dpi. Our only suggestion is to choose three images that show some consistency while staying true to the type of work you are most interested in. At this point, the work will not be chosen based on theme or style. Whether you consider yourself a journalist, a collage artist or whatever, it just doesn’t matter.
Wrapped in sleep and warmth
Yes, we're getting guns. Simply put, I have one kid who wants to shoot targets, and another who wants to hunt. In some ways, we're preparing for the inevitable zombie apocalypse and need to be able to practice our double tap. In others, we're wondering what happens if the country declares bankruptcy, I lose my job, and we have to eat squirrels and rabbits and such. And yet another reason - if you've ever fired a weapon on a range at a target, you know how challenging and fun it can be. So, we're getting guns.
president and thereby to lay the curse of racism to rest?
Caye Caulker is a small island near a 185 mile barrier reef in the Caribbean. The island takes about 30 minutes to explore by foot and is home to a lively group of island locals, spicy flavors, and plenty of golf carts. There are no cars on the island so the people travel around only by golf cart or bike. We found a cute second story hotel room that resembled a tree house with its wooden exterior and palm frond roof, had a comfortable hammock on our deck, and a view of the ocean. The beaches here don’t make for the best swimming because the water close to shore has lots of sea grass, so we spent lots of time at “The Split”. The island separated into two over time and left a 75 foot gap. They have now put a sandy beach, bar, and restaurant there for people to enjoy while swimming. It was a great spot because the water was clear, warm, and deep. Any time we were feeling hot we would walk the five minutes to “The Split”, and dive right in.
ASG
That may be so, nevertheless it would be interesting to know how many white South Africans presently are leaving the country on one-way tickets. And it would be interesting, also, to know how many white South Africans — in the current climate of violent crime and relentless vilification of whites by black ANC politicians — have given up hope that there could ever be a secure future in this land for themselves and their children and who now are making arrangements to pack up and go.
car stereo with bluetooth Bluetooth Screenless Hands-Free System; No Need For A Screen-System Offers A Voice Menu For Accessing Its Functions; Blends In Seamlessly Inside Any Vehicle; Automatic Phonebook Synchronization; Training-Free Multi-Speaker Voice Recognition; Speech Synthesis Of Names In Phonebook; Contact Management-Up To 2,000 Contacts Per Phone; Easy Installation, Brand ParrotMade for iPodIntegrates with your CarWireless Remote ControlMade for iPhoneHands Free Driving and Music Streaming
Spare chain links (SRAM gold links)
And little girls love to talk about babies.
27
The slayings of Eve Carson and Lauren Burke bear a chilling similarity to another awful crime, notorious across the internet, but still largely suppressed by the US media, which happened just over a year ago, the car-jacking and violent rape and murder of Channon Christian and Christopher Newsom in Knoxville Tennessee.
An updated version of his famous line might be:
Question for everyone
Synopsis (from Indiebound): I won't describe what I look like. Whatever you're thinking, it's probably worse.
3) Claim your airline refund
WALLS C. Reasons that health care workers decline influenza vaccination in a New-Zealand hospital environment. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2000; 21: 249-250.
This wonderful place is so vast and colorful that goes beyond real. It is characterized by a large group of tall sandstone buttes, being the largest over 1000ft high.
Be back later this week with a nail tutorial or something, I pinky promise. It’s contest season, all the teachers are realizing it’s the end of the year and they haven’t taught us enough yet, work’s starting to get busier since it’s so nice 0utside, all that jazz.
More crawling, and I'm soon stabbed right in the thigh by another gremlin - with a cardboard dagger I'm guessing, since it did all of 2 stamina damage. I kill him, and find he's hoarding a "gold ingot" worth 28GP, but so heavy I have to drop something else in order to carry it.
There's no mention of Atlantic Yards, but, again, that shouldn't be surprising, given Markowitz's position as prime Atlantic Yards booster.
Being the little brother of an established rock star is a mixed blessing. Sure you can get more hype for your crap band but you will forever be in the shadow of the dickhead that kicked your ass when you were little. Here at Ill Con Labs we have been doing extensive research on the phenomena of little brother bands and we have come to this conclusion: THEY ARE ALL SHITTY.
Tomorrow is parent teacher conferences. It’s always nice to get face time with all the parents of my students…well, usually it’s nice. Regardless of what happens, I smile…real or fake it’s a smile, kind of like a fake Gucci bag.
For this project we were to create a comic page in color and black and white. My comic takes place in ancient Egypt. A time where Gods and Goddesses ruled, and where humans looked to them for guidance. A child taken from her home in the middle of the night ends up at the gates of the Gods. The demon Ammut finds and raises the girl in the land of the Gods. The girl grows up happy but wrestles with one God in particular. Anubis is the only God she can never impress, in fact he barely talks to her. She finds him infuriating but intriguing so she strives to get his attention.
I stood staring, then turned and walked away. He'd answered the question about whether it was funny with something unintelligible and an I guess so. He was on a ladder and seemed frozen, like he didn't know whether to ascend or descend.
What is more, when the Turks go into battle their war-cry is no other word than “Allah! Allah!” and they shout it till heaven and earth resound. But in the Arabic language Allah means God, and is a corruption of the Hebrew Eloha. For they have taught in the Koran that they shall boast constantly with these words, “There is no God but God.” All that is really a device of the devil. For what is it to say, “There is no God but God” without distinguishing one God from another? The devil, too, is a god and they honor him with this word; of that there is no doubt. In just the same way the pope’s soldiers cry “Ecclesia! Ecclesia!” To be sure: the devil’s ecclesia! Therefore I believe that the Turks’ Allah does more in war than they themselves. He gives them courage and wiles, guides sword and fist, horse and man. What do you think, then, of the holy people who can call upon God in battle, and yet destroy Christ and all God’s words and works, as you have heard?
There were limits: Blacks were almost never officers. However, the commentary from that time period shows an equality and lack of racial animosity that existed among American sailors. On merchant ships and U.S. Navy ships, everyone ate together and worked together. Racial boundaries took a back seat to the rules and regimentation of shipboard life. It is speculated that the depersonalization and dehumanization that all sailors suffered under the stern discipline of shipboard rules made race recede in significance. The book quotes a visitor to a New Orleans seaport who noted with wonder that Black seamen might “give 20 lashes with the end of a rope to white sailors, but ashore they dare not even look him in the face.”
One concept was to me, bold, strong and a bit modern looking instead of understated. Not what I would normally select. I put it aside concentrating on the others until I went back and reviewed a question he had asked and my answer which was build a "brand".
YANP: Do they choose composers that they would be interested in performing or do you suggest, um…
The Moderns (Alan Rudolph and John Bradshaw)
Dontcha know I’ll never fall in love again
5.Lovers Question
So it is from the perspective of my experiences that I understand why so many people are able to disregard Equal Money so instantly and pass it off so easily as a silly Idea.
I was so busy blogging away that I actually missed my 500th post! Oooops!
RIBBON, RIBBON AND MORE RIBBON!!
It crosses borders. If you think in terms of countries, you don’t understand how these people work.
I can’t crawl under a rock and wait to see if life will happen or go away. Wish I could. I’ve been told it’s about the path that gets you there. Well, I always choose wrong. But this bottle of bourbon…It tastes like Robert Johnson’s “I’m a Steady Rollin’ Man”. Softly the notes wash over me, and, for however many moments, my head is peaceful-like.
Gaddafi and his remaining loyalists decided to leave, further south towards Wadi Jaref.
I'm not going to say I've never won anything before because I have. However, in a year of blogging I have yet to see a competition that wasn't for UK residents only. This time I wrote Kate a note saying that I would be visiting my sister in London very soon so I could therefore pick up any prize that I might win within the UK postal area and I just wanted her know in case it made a difference. She wasn't fazed by my geographcal location and I was thrilled to read this post today - Thank you Kate. Which all goes to show: it doesn't matter where you are, it's where you're at.
For those who suffer from depression, I think it’s probably wise to stay away from it. Like so many other books that seem to glorify death, it’s probably something that can be used as a tool to promote one’s own suicide.
-hello?! paper bags?!
I left Raleigh and made it into Greenville by 3:30, when the rehearsal started at 4. To me, this was better than a high school class reunion. I lived and breathed concert choir in high school, and most of my friends were older than me. Next year (2013) marks my 20 year high school reunion, which I will likely not attend. When I went to my 10 year reunion, none of the people that I was close to and looking forward to seeing actually showed up. And that was before facebook existed.
There are some seriously fantastic designs I'm up against but I love a good challenge so if you don't mind...pop on over to the website or click on the voting badge to the right on my blog and please vote.
William T. Dean, 35, Floral Park, N.Y.
Before the Act, IP that was developed at institutions such as universities was dealt with under the general IP statutes, such as the Patents Act 1978, the Designs Act 1993, and the Copyright Act 1978. The new legislation is of utmost significance to research institutions, as well as to any entity that is considering embarking on collaborations with such institutions or even with individuals at such institutions. In every case where there is use of public finance, for example in the form of professors' wages, office space, use of facilities, or use of existing IP, the Act will kick in. Potential donors and collaborators need to be alert to the fact that even if they are contributing significant resources to a research project with a local university or institution, anything less than funding on a full cost model, will result in a severe curtailment of the ability of the funder to decide on the status of the resultant IP.
WERE IT NOT FOR POLES LIKE POPE JP2 AND LECH WALESA EUROPE MIGHT STILL BE UNDER SOVIET DOMINATION.
Pictures… (once more, all shoot with the x100)
Other studies have concentrated on the benefits of eating fruits and vegetables. One researcher, Dr. Gladys Block, who was at one time an epidemiologist at the National Cancer Institute (NCI), grouped together over 200 studies up to 1991 that linked diet with cancer. She concluded that as people ate more fruits and vegetables, the risk of cancer decreased.
And on her silver cross soft amethyst,
After a relaxing weekend watching football and napping, the first real week of BOLC-B begins. This is our Common Core tasks, such as Land Navigation, Marksmanship, Convoy Operations, and some other things thrown in. I believe we were supposed to do Combatives during this 3 week period, but rumor has it we are doing these during the last couple of weeks because of all of the holidays coming up.
enjoying the adulation that the inferior car drivers were giving me,
While some matters seem to be a mystery—others are not. Some fundamental guidelines are given throughout the Bible. Using these guidelines as a foundation, we can start to build a basic framework in our understanding of the will of God. As we seek Him for clarification in the ‘not so obvious’, we will get to know Him–and His will better.
Joshua Nkomo was, broadly, Mr Mugabe's contemporary, and a Zimbabwean liberation leader of impeccable credentials.
For the next step, take the long length that is NOT the lead length, and put it underneath both the lead length and shorter lengths, and pull it through the loop that has formed on the right hand side.
Oh how I love my slow cooker! It does all the work for me and all I have to do is eat! I knew I wanted to make Avery beef stew and did not want to waste so I bought enough meat to use as a meal for us. This meal has a total of 5 ingredients, two of which are veggies. My husband was very happy when I made this meal. He could have eaten the pot all himself!
I keep presenting this lesson to our kids about how dealing with personalities, differences and emotions within our family is a microcosm for the macro of our relationship with our brothers and sisters of the greater world around us. Learning to love the things that annoy us the most in our siblings and even in our parents is a hard lesson (heck, I'm 42 and just now getting it) but if doing this work within our own family will help us to connect with the world around us easier and on some deeper level then what a great reward. Having that kind of compassion is difficult in so many ways but there it is everyday...right in our faces, over and over again. It wouldn't surprise me if there are those who think living this way is downright cruel to our kids. Togetherness can be too much of a good thing can't it? But my question is how do we stretch, how do we grow, how do we come to terms that there is always going to be things that exist in others that just rub us the wrong way?
after all. It's about having the courage to undo the laces, remove the shoes, & walk (or run!) barefoot in the grass! It's about having the courage to remove the shackles and live in freedom! Living unbridled, unfettered, FREE! It's a great way to be.
I will pick a random winner this weekend..
“Set in a future where the Capitol selects a boy and girl from the twelve districts to fight to the death on live television, Katniss Everdeen volunteers to take her younger sister’s place for the latest match.”
smells of ocean
freehand . . . cardboard template . . . tape-up
For all the nice support and friendship i'm going to send my loyal blogfriends a little package. To thank you for that. I also received this week a package myself from my blogfriend Renilde. I love her art a lot. I love the fairytales she spins and the beautiful blues she uses on her palette. A special Renilde blue. :-) Thank you so much sweet Renilde for your beautiful gift, i am very happy with it!!!! Very much so.
Name: Pookie
My diet on two words:
_____If it walks like a duck, acts like a duck, looks like a duck, and quacks like a duck... Then it must be a duck. Same proverb works for sluts too...
feathers one by one)
p.p.s. I forgot to take a before picture, the top and bottom pictures are "afters," but there are hundreds of "befores" on the blog, so I'm sure you know how crazy his hair was before :)
Very interesting article about alcohol, weight loss/gain, and how hard booze is on the body. All you drunks who are boozing all the time yet so judgmental of anyone who does anything else should read this and stop forcing your outdated beliefs upon others. Plus, alcohol is a depressant, makes you sad quickly. Right, Robert Roy of Oak Park, IL?
VG then proceeded to publish an article based on my confidential police statement, in which they used lies and distortions to present me as having egged Breivik on by email while he was preparing his terror attacks. I told them in no uncertain terms that I have no interest in making money for them by being urinated upon in public, and then granting them an interview explaining to the general public how it’s like to be urinated upon in public.
Journey to the River Sea ~ by Eva Ibbotson (Brazil)
In Die for Me, Amy Plum created a captivating paranormal mythology with immortal revenants and a lush Paris setting. Until I Die is poised to thrill readers with more heart-pounding suspense, spellbinding romance, and a cliff-hanger ending that will leave them desperate for
Baking Soda*
It's Mild month. I keep telling myself that in case I forget. "Mild March is Month." I mutter as I stand at the tram stop. At least it gains me plenty of personal space.
Ananda answered: ” Buddha who eat will know that you are full, I take nothing and I am hungry.”
While not quite in the same as the Sparkle event, there's the Summer Party next week at Chams. I'm looking forward to that and with a bit of luck, the weather will remain cool and it'll be a good one. Stuff to look forward to eh?
After some well-deserved Obama bashing with a dash of ‘Republicans do it too’ (even though not nearly at the whole new level previously mentioned) Milbank needs to ask a question and get off the stage:
I LOVE to travel.
For the price of a pair of Louboutin's you can get yourself a totally custom made pair of heels. Not sorta custom, not a little customized, but entirely custom! London based shoe designer Emmy has designed footwear for a variety of the highest end fashion houses and is now focused on making bespoke wedding shoes out of her boutique on Cross Street. Each style of shoe can be customized by color, adornment, material, and heel height. Her wide range of shoe shapes and variety of bells and whistles leaves no doubt that the pampered bride will get exactly what she's after.
as per my last post - i've had a shore house for over 20+ years - a little back info on myself - i've been a "save the earth" girl since elementary school - ONLY using recycled paper, everything had to be the earth on it, and i started my family to recycle before you HAD to .. i'm no major tree hugger - but i'm also not just a girl who lets things go on around her without making my voice heard! - i'm the girl who cries every time i see a deer hit in the road - ALL b/c of humans taking over THEIR land!
Dimensional Bead Embroidery is my second Lark Book purchase. And as with the Loom work book, it didn’t disappoint. Beautifully photographed, Eakin explains the various stitches used to create embroidered art. The reference book is divided into nine chapters: starting with materials, designing, stitches, then finally projects to try and an inspirational gallery.
My thought for the day? I am jealous of people who crave and indulge in creativity more often than practicality. I am tired of loading the dishwasher, I wanna make more art.
I'm going to try to finish the mini quilt today because it's time to get back to those Farmer's Wives blocks. I'll be revealing May's blocks tomorrow and I still have April blocks to complete! I'd better get crackin'.
To help answer this I am posting the actual instructions (with only one additional line of advice from the Tanya, in bold near the end; this will appear in all future editions to be released, bizrat hashem) from the Open Siddur Project release below (written by yours truly). Also see the links below to download your copy today! Hopefully before the seasons change again I will be able to translate a fresh English translation. For a detailed description of the rite, refer to the aforementioned introduction.
So much for synods, summits and referendums. We can take a vote and think that we have the truth just because the majority thinks so. But we are seeing that this is not the way of righteousness. From Romans 3:4, “Let God be true and every man a liar.” When God speaks through His Word we can do no better than to agree with Him.
I am strong and wise,
I worked my ass off and had a really good time at the job. I had high hopes that maybe I’d be able to get full-time employment there when I graduated. Sadly, a new governor brought massive budget cuts and my dreams were quickly dashed as the small Film Office shrunk even further. I did however make connection with a group of people who called themselves the Virginia Screenwriters Forum, a group of amateur and semi-professional writers who were serious about breaking into the business of screenwriting.
Marty also has another great ability. He listens. And thus he learns. He learns because he can comfortably be there and examine other viewpoints without prejudice. He has vast knowledge so he naturally imparts wisdom, but doesn’t overpower one’s own wisdom, opinion or viewpoint. He is always learning from others, and so he continues to grow.
The house can be described as a topographic volume, a plynth running along the plot emerging from level -0.90m, and perforated with three different types of inner courtyards, which provide the dwelling space with natural illumination and crossed ventilation. This new topography, made up of flat and pitched roofs, generates a continuous terrace which can be enjoyed in many ways. The only volume related to the street is a hovering prism, detached from the plynth, which works as an independent space and creates an interstitial porch below.
***/5
“The dramatic actor Madana-mohana has opened a shop of scents that attract the women of the world to be His customers. He delivers the scents freely, but they make the women all so blind they cannot find the path returning home.”
There are some who lose their parents in a quick and poignant passing like Shoshana who lives in California, a long way from her native New Jersey where her mother lived. Her brother was left to be primary caregiver when she realized that she was a sun-lover. When he called Shosh to tell her their mother was dying and was in a coma, Shoshana got on a plane for New Jersey. When she arrived in Chicago the plane was delayed because of a snowstorm. Shoshana called her brother and asked that he hold the phone up to her mother’s ear. She said, “Mom, I’ve been delayed in Chicago. I love you, please don’t wait. It’s okay for you to go.” Twenty minutes after she hung up, her mother died.
That makes you want, that makes you fight.
This book is not about Bamako, my current home, although some of the field research for it was conducted here. Nor is it a book about Brazzaville, Congo, although most of the field research for it was conducted there. In fact it’s not really about anyplace, strictly speaking, and that’s just the point. As an anthropologist, I study people, and there’s only so much you can learn about people by studying places.
The Colosseum is really quite breath-taking, although its history is more than a little gruesome. Deadly gladiatorial combat and wild animal fights were staged for entertainment. At the inaugural games in AD 80, over 9,000 wild animals were killed.
We've been giddy here in the PND sports department over the past month and it's looking like delirium in Salford and weeping in the City. Man Utd are closing in on number 20 and the boss pays tribute to Paul Scholes (MEN)
Put this one together for my Grade 11 students as a shorter, and slightly more manageable version of the classic “3-5-7″ WOD. With some heavy work looming this afternoon, I thought I would give it a go. I split up the reps early, splitting the rounds into 6 singles followed by 6 unbroken kipping. This was MUCH more enjoyable than the original.
Each gift is a little surprise, which I know you will love and be able to use in any project :)
In only months Melissa had grown up so much and was already starting school.
I am just thrilled that these fabulous authors will be visiting our local libraries. They are all in town for Sleuthfest, the annual convention of the Mystery Writers of America. It starts Thursday and runs though the weekend at the Deerfield Beach Hilton. Go to the Sleuthfest page if you'd like to sign up.
I understand the paralyzing grip of depression, and what it is to feel so lost, everyday is like looking into one of those infinity mirrors. You see the same thing over and over, and there is no end. It confuses you, it scares you, you hurt your brain by trying to figure out how it works and you wear yourself out in hopes of being able to see something else if you squint and look just a little harder.
“It’s it amazing we did it then. It was perfect timing, really,” I told John.
Me? Meh. I didn't even take a picture of the completed dish. I still have leftovers from Valentine's Day in the fridge. I could very easily get up at take a picture. It just wouldn't be worth it.
My cream filling recipe is one my mom always used and it is a basic one that can produce many different flavors. I am making a coconut one today for DH. His favorite pie.
It’s a little town close to the West Coast
Oh, all the clichés are true, of course. And people love to compare puppies and babies. Like children, dogs bring joy and playfulness and laughter to our sometimes too-serious grown-up lives. And, along with all the trouble, the the love can be overwhelming and astonishing and totally worth it—if you are ready for that kind of surprise and sacrifice.
I need to choose lights for the posts and a chandelier type light for under neath the entry. You can see the yellow electrical wires in the picture.
By the next holiday season I would like to ( lose X pounds, maintain my goal weight, I want to handle challenges without reaching for food) By making changes this holiday season, we will be all fired up and ready for the next season.
vegetable oil to taste
All you need to do to enter is leave a comment with your email address and your two preferences.
I like the scene. There's a big family vibe in the community. I've made a lot of friends through doing this. There's obviously random kids that are into it for the wrong reasons, but most of those kids eventually bail out of the scene.
Joy is the wife to a missionary pilot and they, along with their five kids, live in Indonesia. Joy is a proud wife, blessed mommy, runner, homeschooler, reader, thinker, home-maker, lover of nature, and most of all, an undeserving recipient of amazing grace, and grateful daughter of God. Joy’s heart is to encourage women to revel in their job as mommy and wife, and to see it as good and needed work. She blogs at Grace Full Mama. Joy writes:
Poe continues, “Through his global web of Open Society Institutes and Open Society Foundations, Soros has spent 25 years recruiting, training, indoctrinating and installing a network of loyal operatives in 50 countries, placing them in positions of influence and power in media, government, finance and academia.”
I: If you have any suggestions I’d be happy to take them. This whole project is still in it's embryonic stages.
Yesterday, I headed to Lille with Denise, her housemate, and the housemate's brother. We had a yummy lunch and hit the shops where none of us had any luck. At least the housemate drove us, so I wasn't out any money for the trip. I only went along to give Denise a break as her housemate can drive her up a wall at times, and the brother wanted to practice his English (the girl doesn't understand English at all). With both me and Denise, we could take turns who was dealing with who. I think it took some of the pressure off.
More than often, wishing they were just like you.
Colouring Medium - Copic Markers
by digby
Starting with the liquid, add in 1 cup of milk of your choice. Now add in the chia or flax and nut butter. Next, add in the spinach followed by the banana on top. Blend until smooth. Add in your ice cubes and blend some more.
Public acknowledgement soon of other civilizations; other truths will emerge later; “open window” for ascension; changes to come; physical death of those who refuse light; Golden Age government; moderate temperatures; emotions, bodies in higher densities; relationship of soul, fetus
University/College Career Education
Last week SCBWI Western Washington celebrated the bi-annual Inside Story at Mockingbird Books in Seattle. Local authors and illustrators came together to share their recently published books and tell their “inside stories,” including the inspiration behind their works. There was an amazing turn-out with all seats filled and a lively audience of booksellers, teachers, librarians, and
In fact, I think I’m done rambling about racing now. Let’s just watch some videos of the Morgan-badged OAK Racing prototype and the Aston Martin Vantage GTE and call it day.
She just wasn't "done" seeing him. When we left she gave him a kiss and told him she loved him.
"Then know I do not say this lightly when I tell you that this is where I want you to go. You will be better able to run Balanchine Chocolate someday if you know something about how cacao is grown. And this will make you a superior partner to me. A superior business partner, I mean." He dropped my hand and moved in even closer to me. "Don't be frightened, Anya."
So, anyone else ever been to a blow dry bar? How did you like it? Which style did you choose??
Along with undermining economic competitiveness and increasing inequality, subpar public schools threaten recruiting for the State Department, intelligence agencies and the armed forces, according to a task force headed by Joel Klein, the former New York City school chief now at News Corp. (NWSA), andCondoleezza Rice, former Secretary of State.
The web-series La Déséducation has been airing since November, and focuses first on what's wrong with education in Quebec (the first eight webisodes), and starting up once again in February, will focus on alternatives to the existing model, including homeschooling, freeschooling, and unschooling (my mother and I were interviewed, and will be included in one of the webisodes). Sadly, this series is currently only available in French.
I'll care when the Canadian media stops pretending that
Gingerly touching his paws to the tall, dry grasses.
“Here.” She said. “You’ll need this.”
I commented on the article as follows:
A Charlie Brown Christmas and Charlie Brown Christmas Tales plus seven-minute short from Prep & Landing: Operation Secret Santa ... ABC ... 8 PM
1 street
8. The development of Print-on-demand technology allowing printers to become publishers.
Memory cells?
I felt like a wanton harlot, a brazen floozy who didn’t do the honorable thing and take her husband’s name. I pinned on the nametag and scarpered to my seat, my husband tittering behind me.
Lead Guitar – Steve Napoleoni Monge
Needles In My Eyes
King and other researchers said they believe the effect of low minority representation is less on votes taken than issues presented.
We came back in 1990 as Fourstoryforehead. Jeff was gone, and Ernie had moved over to guitar. We subbed in a guy named Phil from the high school auto shop on bass.
Performer - Joe McPhee
Signing the register took a wee while, but Sally (my beautiful friend) sung 'We've only just begun" by the carpenters and 'The twelfth of Never' by good old Cliff Richard! The latter is my Mum and Dad's "song", which was a surprise to them, so as you can imagine, that sparked quite a few tears!
The storyline was sweet, too...
Trust your common sense and what your gut tells you. Make sure you're not wearing blinders when it comes to your publishing dream. The idea that any agent is better than no agent is most often not true.
Without any doubt - the band's debut album 'Rites Of The Black Mass' stands totally alone - with no peers at all, as perhaps the crowning glory of 'True Satanic Metal' oriented music. Concept albums have never been the same before or since either - and seem almost childish when compared ideologically to the seminal debut. Infact, nothing has ever been done like it before or since - so there's no comparable material to it either.
Spinach, which is a rich source of lutein, appeared to offer the most protection against the disease. The researchers concluded that the carotenoids present in food may decrease the risk of developing severe cataracts.
Their father reached inside the room and turned on a light. The room was tiny, more like a walk-in closet, and was nearly completely filled by an ancient, busted up black trunk.
Remember , keep your eyes upon me.
- In a large bowl, combine the soy sauce, corn starch, cooking wine, and ground pork and mix well. Let it marinade in the refrigerator while you prepare the other ingredients.
Sunday evening, Christy and I were heading to Target with my kids. We were potty talking away in an effort to get all the poops and farts and pee giggles over and done with. Earlier in the day, we'd enjoyed making up our own lyrics to the tune of "Twinkle, Twinkle" or the WonderPets theme song... anything to do with underwear was a favorite theme. (Underwear is under there, Underwear is what we wear, Underwear oh underwear, I love you, my underwear, etc)
under the pines in my mind…
It is the personal touch between Christ and ourselves that causes His life to pass into our nature, making us sound and healthy, as well as secure and safe.
(I mean, that's not enough pressure to put "dungeon" back on the table, but you could see where a girl might start getting desperate.)
The day’s a different matter, which upsets her.
It's simpler.
Now that I am done bearing children, I thought now might be the time to get back to sort-of-what I used to be. (There is no magic cream or excersise that is going to make me have a taut tummy of a teenager).
In a big bowl, mix together the flour, fruit, salt and spices. Beat the egg into the milk/butter/zest/yeast, then pour all the liquid ingredients into the dry. Knead it together with your hands or a dough hook until smooth, elastic and silky, adding extra milk/water if it seems a bit too dry (I did at i first start with 75ml milk)). Cover the bowl in clingfilm and leave to rise – either overnight in the fridge, or out in a warm kitchen for an hour to an hour and a half to double in size.
About a year ago, Ross and I looked at each other, and realized we were living highly independent lives.
“I think we should all get out of the house and go eat breakfast with some humans and sunlight. If Jack thinks Fortunatus will be alright here by himself,” Ronan said over his shoulder.
For instance; when I established my residency in Washington State again the clerk at the DMV made the following statement – “Your returning to your previous address?” leaving out the part about this being my childhood home. “Yes sir,” I replied “I’m moving back to my childhood home. AGAIN.”
