Looking to fight back against catcalling men hollering out “hey sexy” and other obnoxious come-ons? The city is working on an app for that.
Heritage Track
Pride was a downfall. Pain is all I can remember of the last part of our marriage before I had to stand up and make the change in our lives. I found that after our divorce, I had to re-create myself and to allow myself to grow.
But, as hard as it is to say this, there are aspects of this case that disturb me as well. The Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press and multiple news organizations have filed an amicus brief citing their objections to the case. First, the brief claims that the petitioner (Mr. Snyder) is asking to silence the defendent (WBC); second, that the First Amendment does not permit the offensiveness of speech to trump the freedom of expression; and third, that tort liability would undermine the basic principles of the First Amendment. Go read the brief; I've linked to it and it's not only pertinent but interesting.
But back to my point - this has been a huge test in patience. We got so excited when we selected all of our finishings back in October, but then had to remind ourselves that we still had 9+ months until we could see it all come together (kind of like a baby! And this condo has definitely become my baby).
-Hayley Lovell
Old Lord Harrington, gouty and frail, with one foot in the grave, had visited Mr. Heath two days before. The rumour was he’d changed his last will and testament again, this time in favour of his nephew, the young Viscount, who was leading a life of debauchery in London. Christopher didn’t care. He’d been told to reach Lord Harrington’s castle that very night and he was doing it.
these boys.
Registered Nurse = 4% of the work load (all done in a nice cozy office chair not to mention)
The fairies' music hear.
In fact the number 13 is considered lucky in Italy apart from one time when it is considered unlucky, which is to have thirteen persons at the meal table, but I remember this superstition from the UK also. This superstition goes back to the Last Supper of Jesus and the Apostles.
GYOZA BAR
What do you read with your children?
Espresso Your Style was originally released in the Kick up Your Heels collection in 2006, which I believe was a black label. Mine is from the re-release and is a green label.
John Smith’s Grand National, third behind Don’t Push It in the 2010 and fourth behind Ballabriggs in the 2011 renewal. .High Chimes landed
"The governor's focus is working to ensure wrongful convictions don't happen in the first place," Castle said, "like supporting the law school innocence project, creating expert attorneys who specialize in post conviction death penalty cases and encouraging the creation of more public defender offices across the state to ensure competent counsel by attorneys who specialize in death penalty cases."
You've got this.
Conceptual Understanding– see Perkins 2006 for definition but basically “understanding principles governing domain.”
Love and peace to you all! I hope you had a wonderful Christmas!
Sneaking suspicion the basmati rice was that Uncle Ben's stuff you find on Monoprix shelves
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tears
My main course was the house made tofu, which was served with mushrooms and a porcini consomme. I was initially unimpressed; this tasted just like tofu (very good tofu, but just tofu) and mushrooms. As I reflected on it though, the dish grew on me. The porcini consomme sort of “infused” the tofu, so that there was a mushroom essence in the tofu itself. I usually prefer very firm tofu, so I was impressed how this relatively soft tofu held up to the broth and mushrooms. (It was not, however, as soft as the tofu at Jean-Georges last year.) So I give this generally good marks, although it was too similar to a tofu-soy sauce-and-mushroom dish you might get at an average Chinese restaurant to really stand out as something spectacular.
You have a whole year of 33 darling, make it a good one ;-)
So I have to keep these things in mind – that my daughter is who she is – and that she’ll develop in a way that is perfect for her – whenever my competitive side gets the why isn’t she… voices going. This is going to be one of those sticks-with-you-for-a-long-time lessons. Let go, and don’t compete.
We have not always actually met each other.
Not anymore!
But, having said all of that, I now say this.
Loneliness experienced in all our human glory is a debilitating sense of loss because when we are trying to see ourselves reflected in the eyes of others, we are also trying to love ourselves…. only the love is illusory. That is why when we are not able to be with others we cannot feel the fullness of real love in ourselves. Loneliness is a human abstraction related to the idealisation of a false love, but paradoxically in its real nature is the release of spiritual aloneness. Loneliness experienced from the position of self-awareness is aloneness which opens the mystical doorway into a greater awareness of self, and therefore the ability to love oneself for who one really is.
2. A shower tray, enclosure and any ancillary equipment can be installed during one site visit, helping to reduce installation time and costs.
The hour has come for the Son of Man to be glorified. Truly, truly, I say to you, unless a grain of wheat falls into the earth and dies, it remains alone; but if it dies, it bears much fruit. Whoever loves his life loses it, and whoever hates his life in this world will keep it for eternal life. If anyone serves me, he must follow me…
In New York it is cold and miserable, so I thought I would post about my wonderful trip to the Caribbean almost two years ago.
I wasn’t going to be happy if we had paid to get the train and gone all that way just to go straight home again.
Record Label Geimsteinn (Keflavik, Iceland)
What she does: While she’s not travelling around the world making mosaics to help build up communities, she teaches art Brookfield Academy in Wisconsin.
Heaven is not something we earn by doing good deeds. We must believe and receive His redemption, which is freely and lovingly given to all who call on Christ, to be allowed entry into His eternal presence. As we receive, we are empowered to function faithfully on our Father’s behalf. He allows us to partner and participate in His plan, by loving Him and loving people.
Hi there everyone! Scale fail is well under control as the bloat from not-so-good-for-me food waned. Phew. 182 something or other this morning. I like that number better.
Datuk Seri Ong Tee Keat has threatened to reveal even more names implicated in the RM12.5 billion Port Klang Free Zone (PKFZ) scandal after the controversy was highlighted at yesterday’s debate between Datuk Seri Dr Chua Soi Lek and Lim Guan Eng.
Earlier this week, they reported their findings in a paper titled “The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act: Public Sector Jobs Saved, Private Sector Jobs Forestalled.” The paper is dense and rather lengthy, and requires considerable study. Here, however, is the bottom line:
But. But. But I found this beauty:
But as I continue to engage in conversations with the architect and the contractor, I realize that my choices are driven by the same aesthetic that drives my blog: less is more, simple is better. To that end, I thought it might be fun to share my projects and the thinking behind them. So later this week I'll share my first major renovation project: my closet.
Apart from all that craziness my world has been pretty much same old same old. Work has been a bit crazy. We lifted some of the concrete panels that we have been pouring and moved them off of our casting bed so its on to the next round of pours. The panels we lifted were lift shaft panels so they looked odd because of all the doorways they had in them. Bah.
I didn't intend to, but I just finished a 14 and 1/2 hour shift. My day-and-night can be broken up into three sections with wildly different moods.
Shaun and Carly are such a great fit for each other. I look forward to spending more time with them in the coming years as our children grow up. (Yes, people are already hounding Shaun and Carly about children...I will admit that I can be included in that group a wee bit.)
Notre Dame and the archeological crypt
Lets shift our prayers to this:
It flinched and horror as the water touched it.
The Washington Post published a follow up story after the mistrial, reporting that Rakofsky refused to refund money paid to him for the trial. The Post also reported that the client’s mother, who paid Rakofsky’s fee, did not know her son’s case was Rakofsky’s first trial. “I was shocked. I told him he lied to me”, she said, according to the Washington Post.
I honestly tried. I don't think it was the four forty-five a.m. wake up call that was inhibiting my comprehension, either. I doubt even proper British natives could decipher the ridiculous mix of swearwords and claptrap pouring out of your mouth like projectile verbal vomit.
Fill woodstove
Anyway, today I'll share my laundry tips and recipes. Here is one of my very favorites:
Helpful Additional Resources:
An operatic voice rises behind me, too close, too loud. A tremendous bass-baritone from a tragic opera I vaguely seem to recognize. The voice is close, the instruments far, in a discarded dimension. Is it in Italian? Or German? Who listens to opera in these deep hours of the night?
82 Scott Rolen
Most finished products fail to live up to the buzz they generate these days. In the era of social media, features get blown out of proportion and rumors run wild. It’s like the telephone game. You start out saying something like, “There’s no dedicated healing class in GW2.” Toss that around the forums for a few hours and you’ll get, “The Devs descend from the heavens and give your character an HP transfusion, man!”
Along with my drive for perfection and my desire for control has also come an amazing amount of anxiety. Instead of turning to the only One who can affect my situation, I look to myself and my own meager resources. This leaves me worried and without strength.
-We have the resources to provide financially for a child
"Battle of the Bulbs," is a Brightlight Pictures Production in association with Daniel L. Paulson Productions. Dan Paulson and Shawn Williamson are the executive producers. Jamie Goehring is the producer. Harvey Frost directed from a script by W. Paul Thompson.
A silvery eye shines knowingly-
I kept dyeing my hair red, because after a few days it really grew on me and I kind of like it a lot now. But let me tell you, I'm convinced the red dye has magical powers that make people go all swoony inside and start gestating unicorns or kittens or something. Dr. D. Bag, who is quite possibly the biggest asshole I've ever met, was walking past the charge desk pissed off at the world (as usual). He stops, backs up, and then tells me that he likes the hair color change very much and has been meaning to tell me that it makes my eyes pop - and then wanders away.
Leonard, D. and Rayport, J.F. (1997). Spark innovation through empathic design. Harvard Business Review, November-December, p.102-113.
22. Flicka, The Blind Side, Friday Night Lights....what do they all have in common???
A millennium
Anything I can do to inspire hope.
Diabetic Exchanges: 1 1/2 carbohydrate (1 1/2 bread/starch), 2 fat
This book is a bit of a departure for me, in several ways. First of all, I usually review fiction. And secondly, I am a huge Michigan fan. For those of you who don’t know, the author of this book, Jim Tressel, is the former head coach of Michigan’s biggest rival, the Ohio State University.
3)I will lower my hemline.But wont cut my hair.Sorry.Nor will I wear beige clothing constantly......
Fibers: Basic Grey - Pomegranate Trio
If you are single and filing jointly, you might need some professional help.
What the hell?!? This is my family, my rather odd, somewhat quirky yet altogether lovable family. The stories I tell about them are true and accurate. Every once in a while I share one or two with the BBE to give him an idea of what he’s getting into when he goes with me to meet them in two weeks… that’s right! The Sunburnt Peach and the BBE are taking a road trip!
Heat oil in a pan and shallow fry the patties till they are a lovely golden brown.
“And if I get together to play with a bunch of my cousins, because they love God, we are having church?” he said with a big smile. It was clear that now he was just showing off.
Sanal Edamaruku went to Bombay recently after he was invited by TV9 to try and find why a statue was dripping water. The statue has apparently become a pilgrimage of sorts.
Life is like a film, it always has a happy ending and if there is no happy ending it means that the film is not done yet. – Om Kapoor, Om Shanti Om (2007)
Chris Evans played Johnny Storm (AKA The Human Torch) in the FOX produced (and completely forgetable) FANTASTIC FOUR movies from a few years ago.
and stews. My favorite supper was turkey meatloaf, but I also liked chicken and broccoli. It was special good with a little brown rice.
We have nothing but words. Written and spoken. All the senses revolve around these. Even with this distance your voice is your presence in my life , within me. It takes shape making your presence more poignant in your absence. I see , feel , touch you through your voice. Strange as it may seem, human voice can either move you or leave you cold. Yours is a voice I carry with me. It is like the water from deep forests , a life spring to a scorched rock, that’s me.
Pokemon Atramentous and White, as it is advancing out in beneath than a month. For amateur that are already out, I plan on accepting through the Final Fantasy franchise.
2 large whole eggs, beaten with 1 teaspoon water
i wanted to see the end. Alough i have to admit that my PA (and friend)
When the rice becomes a wee bit glazy add the chicken stock, season with salt and give a final stir.
When I was in England in 1966-68 there were bookshops in Tottenham Court Road, one called Colletts in particular, that sold magazines with pictures of China, and during the Great Cultural Revolution I acquired a copy of the “Little Red Book” of the thoughts of Chairman Mao, with cheap plastic cover, and read about paper tigers and bean curd tigers, and wondered what bean curds were. I didn’t go as far as Birgitta Roslin in ideentifiying with the Red Guards, but nevertheless rather liked the idea of fat-cat bureauscrats who had betrayed the revolution being sent to be re-educated by working among the peasants. Since I’m writing this on May Day, it seems an appropriate sentiment. I even made a couple of attempts to do things like that myself, with some other city friends.
We are starting a theme on penguins, so you might ask your children what they are learning, as well as what kinds of crafts they have been making. I will send home their portfolio in March for you to view the work they have done since last reporting period.
I graduated very near the top of my class (class of like 90, so it's really not as great an accomplishment as it sounds) and started college majoring in... undecided. Soon (like, after 1 quarter) I got homesick and convinced my parents that it was the right thing for me to transfer closer to home. I started taking classes at our local community college until I could get accepted as a transfer student into our state's biggest institution of higher learning. I started there shortly after and I majored in... business. Why business? No idea. I think I had some sort of thought that it would be cool and fun to own some sort of cool and fun business and be my own boss. That is probably true, but it soon occurred to me that I really hated numbers and hated even more the idea of an 80 hour work week which is what I would likely be looking at if I owned my own business. And that's to say nothing of how in the world I would come up with the money to start a business. That coupled with my apparently serious indecisive nature (what kind of business would I start???) told me it was time to pursue something else.
2nd Camera: Lucy Vecchio
If you are not familiar with Julia Cameron's book "The Artist's Way", check it out. Her work helps keep artists on path and stay true to their calling. Her practical and straightforward exercises help bring people's life into authentic alignment with their soul's creative voice.
“But I have observed that the BN government has deteriorated.
In the second grade we were blessed by a wonderful teacher. She called us in one day and said that she had been working with ADD and special needs children for 15 years and my Aspie didn’t have ADD, she said that she likely had a social disorder, perhaps Asperger’s.
Assorted crudités (such as mini bell peppers, celery, fennel, sugar snap peas, and carrots)
I love Easter, who doesn't? It has to be my favourite time of year, second to Christmas of course. The daffodils are out, everything comes in yellow....and you get a few cheeky days off too which always helps. This year we had Norwegian family visiting for my cousins 16th birthday
Here are this week's DT inspiration for you!
Peggy rolled her eyes and refilled her drink.
-You will regret being friends with “mean girls.” They add nothing of value to your life and trust me, if they are saying mean things about other girls to you behind their backs, she is saying mean things about YOU behind YOUR back, too.
The day was still fresh, the sun shone, and we had energy a-plenty.
Sure, it will help you drive up the number of Facebook LIKES on your fan page in the short-term but what is the real and long-term value of this? I get that there are many statistics out there about how conversion and engagement is much higher on Twitter and Facebook and social media is all the frenzy in marketing today but for a moment let’s break down the psychology of most of these contests.
You know we have all done it, I’m guilty, lying around in my pjs listening to the most depressing song over and over again on repeat, depressed over what has come. You question yourself why, why weren’t you good enough or why didn’t you feel the same way as the other person. So you mourn your short lived relationship or sex relationship and after a night of drinks flowing, feelings appear out of the drunken haze that you should do the unquestionable. You drunk/text dial the old acquainted and make the mistake of “backsliding” into their bed.
The world was at its best.
For the first seven years after 9-11, an American president sucked up to “moderate” Muslims at every possible opportunity. Since he left the stage, his successor has sucked up to all the Muslims all of the time.
· JFGH- S. Robert Cohen Award 2003
To start I edged the bottom of the tulle with ribbon and my “new” gathered lace. This took forever. The key to tiered skirts is to always start with the bottom tier—not only is it easier, but you will never have the stamina for that massive tier if you start at the top. Once I had the lace attached, I realized that my tier was more like 14″ than 8″.
About 5 PM I loaded my dog Ruby into the 6-wheeler and drove down to the big aircraft hanger to close one of the big sliding doors, which I had left open to allow the interior to dry up some. The northeast wind had been picking up all day and now that it was doing 18-20 knots, I didn't want the door to shake loose and get broken if the wind continued to build during the night.
Foreigners just make the problem worse.
For all of my hangy earrings I used the pins, but for my studs or other small earrings that can’t hang, I just stuck them right into the cork.
and amazing natural show
Most historians and scholars believe that the present stretching of the US and NATO Forces far and beyond their legitimate areas of interests, is a sign of final showdown. The placement of US forces in Afghanistan is seen as the final buildup to attack the Muslim lands. This could well become the graveyard of the US troops from where they may never escape death.
5 tablespoons heavy cream
Kleinman, M. (2008). The beauty of “Some Rights Reserved”. College & Research Libraries News, 69(10), 594-597.
How do we know Paul’s witness was true and God’s word? For starters we read 2 Corinthians 13:3. “Since ye seek a proof of Christ speaking in me.” Often, he writes that the words he speaks and writes are the words of God as for example in 1 Thessalonians 4:15. “For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord.” But the greatest proof is that every person saved today is saved because of Paul’s gospel. There is no other way of salvation.
Afterward, I went to the Fango Film Festival to see the film Dead Genesis. This was a flick that I’ve been waiting patiently for since I saw a clip which turned out to be the first five minutes of the film. The first five minutes were the best of the entire run. It was pretty good, not the game changer a lot of people seem to be touting it as, and it’s very clear that the director doesn’t understand found-footage or mockumentary-style filmmaking.
The stamp is called Falala Mice from I brake for Stamps, the sentiment stamp is from PTI Stylish Sentiments: Holiday (my go to sent stamp for Christmas this year it seems) and I colored the meeces with Memento markers, twine is Martha Stewart. Card base cardstock is Stampin' Up Crumb Cake and I am not sure who makes that musical background stamp that I used for the Versamark watermark background.
2 fellow
First, preheat the oven to 350F and line two baking sheets with parchment paper. With an electric mixer, make the cookie dough by beating the butter, brown & granulated sugar until smooth. Beat in the egg and vanilla until it is well blended and light. If using a mixer, scrape down the sides of the bowl periodically.
"That was because you wanted to put down the burden of being a boy, at least for a time. Sometimes I drink too much wine, and that is because for a while I would like to stop being a man. Sometimes people take their own lives for that reason. Did you know that?"
And who ever thought the morbidly obese would begin to look like forward thinking geniuses?
"They're all there: the whore with the heart of gold, the chick-magnet, the rebel, the girl who got away".
Mae created a canvas bag and tag for Ryan and Will to carry their books back and forth. Today she’s sharing this awesome tutorial!
So what is “evangelical”? Do these “evangelical” churches bear any more “good news” than anybody else? How was this word being used? I reckoned in some of my reading that people were using “evangelical” Protestantism as simply the opposite of “mainline” Protestantism. But “mainline” is just as amorphous and undescriptive as “evangelical.” What is it that qualitatively defines “evangelicalism”?
6. Malcontents rioting in the streets
So why does the myth of homegrown terrorism persist? In part because, like every hardy political meme, it serves the interests of loudmouths on both ends of the ideological spectrum. To the right, the threat of homegrown terrorism helps to perpetuate the notion of a ceaseless, civilization-wide struggle against Islamic extremism. To the left, the prospect of American Muslims taking up jihad fits with the idea that the U.S.’s foreign policy is creating a new generation of terrorists.(See photos of a jihadist’s journey.)
Current Views
This term was a Ray Brassier coinage. It was his idea, in 2006, to assemble the two of us along with Meillassoux and Iain Hamilton Grant for a single event, which then happened in April 2007.
I remember Frank and Ollie using her work in one of their lectures as an example
Sodium 223 mg
Unfortunately, he died shortly after this triumph, but what hope and what inspiration he gave to those who had had none! Those who had been told to accept their lot and go on. This man who once dressed up and pretended to play a superhero for all the world to see went on to become one in real life because he didn't give up. He took a personal tragedy and blessed the lives of countless people with it.
Using a spoon, carefully drop tablespoons of the batter in each paper cup, filling each about ¾ the way up. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until puffed up and just set in the center. Remove the muffin trays to a cooling rack and carefully pop each muffin out of the mold. Allow to cool on cooling racks.
and set wheels in motion
And she’s gotta know by now
May 16, 2012
Then have lunch and admire the beauty of Lake Chuzenji.
I was wondering what to do with a few leftover prawns I have from a steamboat dinner. I thought that it might be good to bake them with salt using my old iron wok. I spread some salt in the wok and bake it for a few minutes only so that I would not end up with dried prawns (heh Bee)! LOL! Anyway, salt can damage the wok lining especially when it is hot, so for this recipe you better use unwanted wok or an aluminium foil as protection. You can also line above the salt with a few slices of tong kwai to extra aroma but then......Tong Kwai plus prawn become super aphrodisiac, I won’t be responsible for what will happen after consuming.......! ha ha ha!
This beer’s claim to fame is some old yeast that was apparently dredged up from a sunken ship in the English Channel or Thames River. I love a cool story and that’s a cool story, so this one passes in my book, but I’m wondering why the porter isn’t listed on Darwin’s website.
Taken: 02/13/2010
Friday Mama and I drove to VA via Ikea and Aldi (say hello to German memories!)!
Park Days
In his book, Earth in the Balance, Gore suggests that we return to the worship of nature and upholds various nature worshipping sects and Native American religions as a model:
just not gone forever,
We do.
Speaking of butterflies: they've been abundant here. The other morning as we walked out the backdoor for our morning walk, we were overcome with flutter from every direction. I'm not sure I've ever seen so many butterflies in my life?
I'm not very good at doing what I'm told.
Oh, and just because I couldn't resist..
RR: What was the main inspiration lyrically behind the songs that make up The Sound of Things?
Each year we get tons of questions. “how do i start my own TV show?” Well to get on TV there are 3 common ways: 1) become a prostaff for a major company by winning archery, competitive calling contests etc. 2) Shoot a top 10 P&Y or B&C animal on film and open doors for sponsorship. 3) or like the rest of us poor slobs, get a camera, film your hunts and chase down sponsorship money to pay for production and airtime.
Streetcar thru the Garden District of New Orleans.
Here's the look:
They make their own hot links, and they're well cooked and lean, like I like. Great flavor, slightly smoky, well ground as opposed to the fatty and chunky summer sausage type.
And when the first bill came in with an unexplained extra payment for "hardware", I tried to query it. Only, I was put on hold for so long that I gave up, and thought I would try again later.
The story’s basic premise is a sex strike by girls who want to stop the civil war between the soccer and football teams. And without preaching, the book tackles sex stereotypes and overall feelings towards sex. Um…and in case you didn’t get this—it’s about sex. Enough said.
Beach Party, being the crazy kooks that they are, were definitely the perfect subjects for this shoot.
Are falling rain
April 5– Saturday– Buxieres-des-Mines, France– Birth of Louis Gaston Ganne, composer and conductor.
Today was one of those inexplicable days when I felt discouraged over little things - even nothing.
Followed by a facilitated discussion, upstairs at the Labia on Orange on 5,7 & 11th March at 18h15.
I believe though that I can manage to go to my local game shop and have pick up games. I barely need a town for that and in fact probably should barely have anything beyond the dungeon to start. No one is going to want to memorize stuff like what country they are in or who controls the next county over when they are just going to playing the one time. They want to sit down and get down to the dungeon proper.
Yesterday Taye and I were discussing his footwear options for school:
From the famous opening (quoted above) -- Patton's clinically insane and perhaps wrong but nonetheless inspiring opening speech in front of a giant American flag -- onwards, we know we're in for some heavy stuff, as Scott has no plans to pull punches, glorify the American dream or lament the unfairness of war. Indeed, as the esteemed general of the magnificent Third Army, Scott's ranting makes you realize, as a man, that part of cowardice involves forgetting there's no real reward to being alive in the first place, as a coward. Unless you risk it all, it's all wasted.
There have been some first time posters popping up lately in the comments sections. I'd just like to say thank you for your comments. I think I have replied to them all but in case I missed any, thanks for taking the time to say hi and let us know you're out there!!
I cry my tear
Annie was born on October 21, 2011 (I know this post is a few days late :0). My delivery was very quick and not expected on this day. I had been to my doctor on Tuesday and was still at a 2 (had been there for a couple of weeks), my doctor said see you next week. Friday night I woke up about midnight (right as John got in to bed) and my water had broke. We called the hospital and they said I can come in within the hour. So I showered, shaved my legs, looked at the list of all the stuff I was going to do Saturday to get ready,packed Eli a little bag, and dropped him off at Grandma Colleen's . Anyway, once I got to the my hospital room they said do you want the epideral? Sure as heck do!!! The guy came in and then got called to an emergency c-section so he hooked me up and gave me a little bit for pain, then had to come back in to finish it up. I ended up with epiderals because the first one only numbed my right side, not fun at all. Once I got the second one in, life was fantastic! Annie got here at 9:24 AM.
Welcome to our new cleaner and typesetter, fefers. He’s currently in training, but will join us to work on Akikan and Photo Kano. Here’s to a wonderful working relationship.
And did I mention that the session is free?
Let me explain…
As long as they love it, I will play it.
Now, I find myself realizing that in fact I was an idiot a few years ago and the correct answer is OF COURSE STUPID.
~Lewis Carroll
2:40 p.m.: Leavature.
Let me know if you want to join me next time – we might have to squeeze onto a table out the back, but it’ll be worth it.
Ironically, the countries with the most quantity of gold and diamonds (that are the base of our economy), have been colonised since centuries and they are soooo pour!
Start by working two parallel rows of back stitch about 1/2 inch apart. They should be exactly even in length (one reason I used a fabric with a very visible weave) and the second row should have the end of one stitch directly in line with the center of the stitch above it.
1/4 tsp Amchur (I used lemon juice)
10) Women: The Church’s Most Wasted Resource But for many women (particularly wives and mothers), leaving doesn’t mean walking away; more often it means showing up without being present. Women often do this because they want their husbands and children to grow spiritually.
Her hazel green eyes held an air of mystery and sensuality. Even her pearly whites were perfectly straight. Model material definitely.
One has to question the mental sanity of those who, despite the lessons and consequences of the Iraq war, continue to push for war against Iran.
♦ 28" chain
I’m not suggesting that its artists’ responsibility to serve up only ‘gimmes’, but aren’t we at least in some sense responsible for our audience’s ability to make head or tails of what we are doing? Isn’t our predicament ultimately an issue of compatibility and preparation? Isn’t it about the exposure, training, interest and passions of our audience? Isn’t all meaningful communication a meeting of minds in some important sense? How and where do we find and foster compatibility for the Arts? With whom do we expend our efforts at joining minds? NOT the ‘tryers’ surely! So, where do we plot the best venues for exposure with those other folks? How do we go about training them? How do we best instil and nurture their passion?
I made my name cards mainly because when I ask for a permission to take photos inside of a restaurant, store or wherever I’m interested in featuring on my blog, I would like to give out my card to show the address of my blog where the photos will be published. You also never know who will be your new reader, right?
Now it means that the source of fifty percent of all the electricity generated in the United States is being systematically put out of business and please do not act surprised; that’s exactly what Barack Obama said he intended to do if elected President.
------- Theo and Co. are going with Jeff Baker as the backup first baseman for the Cubs according to Levine. There are still whispers that Dlee could make his way back to the north side.
We are going to friends for Thanksgiving dinner and I am bringing two desserts and a side dish. Today I made the Sachertorte and it now is in the freezer until Thanksgiving morning. I have been making this since 1985........probably once/year and unlike my other baking attempts, this cake is one I can make with confidence.......practice makes perfect, or at least almost perfect. This is a decadent chocolate cake, best served with unsweetened whipped cream.
even as a little kid, i was always freaked out by things that don’t make sense. my worst nightmares had nothing to do with monsters under the bed or bad guys chasing me around with a jagged knives. i mean i had those dreams. they just weren’t that scary. i knew my enemy. but the unknown, that was a different story. i can still remember one of my scariest. i was cleaning my room. (i am a neat freak and apparently took this obsession with me to dreamland.) after putting the last thing in place, i step out. i find a sock lying there outside the door. i turn around to put it back, open the door, and freeze frame terror. everything single thing is out of place. dresser drawers are open. clothes are scattered everywhere. furniture is askew. just thinking about it gets my heart pounding because i remember that feeling, that paralyzing fear that this couldn’t be and yet it is. i was afraid to even imagine what could’ve caused it. any answer would be sure to have these awful and profound implications for existence itself. still to this day, questions without answers, things that just plain don’t make sense, nag at me like nothing else. and well, its hard to find something that makes less sense than the voynich manuscript.
enough, and a wild night,
Srsly though, go check her out. You'll be glad you did.
· Look at something from far away, and then close up.
So other than Dragonmaw Port, pretty much anywhere else you wind up having to take a boat or a zeppelin, and I don’t exactly have a great track record with either one of those. Plus then I have to make arrangements to bring Mortimer out there with me, because let me tell you, the flight path options out there are some slim pickings. Not a whole lot of wyverns to choose from, and even the ones they have aren’t much of a match for the sturdy Kalimdor stock. And beyond junior varsity wyverns? You’ve got giant bats, which are a little short on the steady and a long on the bitey for my tastes. And I’m sorry, there’s just no fucking way in hell you’re ever going to see me riding around on a dragonhawk. Not least of all because most of them look like they would snap in two if I ever actually sat on them.
So maybe now, but maybe in a few days, someone will say something that will prompt me to get out the overhead projector and do a little table crunching demo*, but I won’t pull that out until they are asking for some more convincing on the act-like-springs front. We usually also have a wire set up hanging in the next room with some mass on a hanger. It’s really convincing to put some extra masses on the hanger, see how much the wire stretches, then take the masses off and see the wire go back(!!) to the same length it was before we put on the extra masses. Whoa.
EvilGrade is a framework which the exploits weaknesses in the auto-update services of multiple common software packages and the attack performed by this framework is one of the best example for client exploitation. This framework tricks the service into believing there is a signed update available for the product, thus prompting the user to install the upgrade where the upgrade is the attacker’s payload. This type of attack is a bit difficult for a normal user to detect since they don’t see anything suspicious and the upgrade looks legitimate.
In other developments Sunday, a representative of Libya's powerful Warfallah tribe said it has turned against Moammar Gadhafi and is siding with the opposition. Several Libyan diplomats also quit in protest at the government's violent crackdown, including the Libyan representative to the Arab League and the Libyan ambassador to India.
Glazing didn't really go as planned either, but when I compared the finished door with the plain one I had to keep going.
Perfectaholic belief: Finally creating “perfect work” will generate happiness, fulfillment, and give meaning to my life.
Meanwhile, the Interior Department confirmed that it was finally getting its act together and would issue a new order on deepwater drilling below 500 feet, but failed to say when the new ban would come into effect.
"Finding out about her cancer was a major wake up call. We realized that waiting for the 'perfect' time to start just resulted in lots of waiting… and we no longer had the luxury of time in which to wait. The time, perfect or not, was now.
So do keep on measuring the team’s output because that’s your certainty that the system is working, but give your people the freedom to work out how best to achieve those results by giving them the wherewithall to make those decisions for themselves. That blurry shape in fig 1 that we called a team can have structure, shape and accountability without you making all the decisions but only when you do it in a way that empowers the people within. You were there once too, and you know how much you loathe being told what to do!
My whole family looks forward to art presents from me at Christmas and I always enjoy being able to give them a really special gift. I drew this when my youngest nephew was born- the caption reads, “Welcome to the world, Porter Jones”.
While I'm not usually big on straight-up action flicks, I have to admit: Jason Statham is a nice looking man. Plus, I love his voice! After being "dragged" to this movie by my boyfriend, I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed this movie. Would I watch it again? Maybe if it was on TV. But it was definitely a fun, thrilling movie that actually held my interest. 1 point for Statham!
This time of year, interfaith families make our annual appearance in the media. The world wants to know: How do we do it all? Are we confused? Are we superficial? Are we exhausted? For readers of this blog, my current column at Huffington Post, about why we celebrate both Hanukkah and Christmas, may seem rather obvious, but it is still stirring up a snowball fight of comments, both from people who insist we cannot do what we are doing, and people who appreciate our approach. Join the fray!
- And what do ‘we’ have?
Tour Diary & Making of "3055" Video
With right sides together, pin and sew together the two front pieces along the waistband to crotch curve. Again I used a straight stitch then a zigzag. I didn't topstitch the seam allowance on the front or back because it would have looked uneven and I know it would have bugged me. Repeat with the two back pieces.
Another plus to this activity is that the child creates a pictograph at the end. Sophie immediately identified it as a pictograph when questioned, because we've been talking about them all week.
The dog sat for a while, and then he wanted to move on, and so we did, the dog and I, and it felt both wrong and right to leave the boy alone with his lens on the field, which seemed, as fields do, so much vaster at night, its moonlit blackness sheering up to meet the similarly dark and brilliant sky.
Heeeelllllloooooooo Blog Readers!!! :) Well, after revising on and off (mostly off) for 5 hours today in the Undercroft, I had a good feeling about the Geology practical exam today :) However, I also learned why I liked the panicking before an exam, because it means you don’t panic IN the exam! I was calm and quite before the exam, and then throughout the exam I was panicking, from start until half way through, when I had 30 minutes to spend on a drawing/diagram of “the picture above” that was worth 3 marks :) But even though I knew all the answers, because they gave you 3 lines for a 1 mark question, I just wrote and wrote, as I didn’t know what specific word they may be looking for, because they are usually after something :/ But hopefully it will have gone ok. After the exam (you know, the bit where we all relive the hell we just went through ;D) I seemed to have the right answers according to most people, I just hope I wrote the right words :) I don’t know when we will find out the result yet, I hope it isn’t in August though :/ I’ll ask Roger tomorrow :)
Don’t take yourself too seriously. I consider myself an unpublished author despite my brief stint with vanity publishing, and I hope eventually to be able to write full time. But whether I do or I don’t doesn’t matter. When I stand before God’s throne he isn’t going to ask me how many books I’ve sold. He’s going to be concerned with whether or not I was a good steward of the talent he gave me. So, if you have success, don’t let it go to your head. You’re still the same person whether you’ve sold 1 book or 1 million. And in all probability, someone took a chance to get you to that success. Don’t forget to give those chances as well.
That’s what Campbell is when it comes to directing – a professional. His camera is always in the right place. If a scene needs a simple shot, he gives it a simple shot. If a scene will be helped by putting a camera inside a Russian tank for a 2-second shot of Bond ducking inside the tank, then Campbell puts a camera there and gets that shot, too.
And that big dirt hole where the trampoline was located? Now covered with straw bales which will house even more plants. The new berry patch is fenced off with twine in the upper right corner of the yard. Stay tuned for how the big strawbale experiment turns out!
1963, US, directed by Stanley Donen
Alice opened her eyes to find her mother standing over her.
It’s my first official day of the Blog Me MAYbe challenge. Well, I guess yesterday was, when I was supposed to tell you something about myself. Wednesday is for asking followers something about themselves. So, today is a twofer — something about me, something about you.
Gwyneth Paltrow
Aren't those grounds just amazing?!?! Okay, let's hear all about the day from the beautiful bride ...
No, Miss Birbalsingh, you are simply involved in churning out semi-educated young people fit only for the scrap heap of life. You do so because you are physically frightened of your pupils and because you adhere to politically correct strictures that ordain the actual education of children, the actual passing on of facts, to be less important than the elevation of their ethnic culture and self-esteem.
If you do decide to come back, I can’t deny I can change, but I will promise you that I will always be here for you. Always.
Combine ingredients in a blender.
This requires your complete focus and attention. This requires that you give laser focus on every minute and small detail in the wonder of life around you.
Temperature: 1.6 degrees
But that argument has been abandoned in recent years and replaced with a far less plausible and far more ideological claim: that enforced diversity is a permanent necessity. Lee Bollinger, the president of Columbia University, famously declared: “Diversity is not merely a desirable addition to a well-run education. It is as essential as the study of the Middle Ages, of international politics and of Shakespeare.”
Spinach, 3 stalks, chopped finely
BLITZER: Speaker Gingrich?
Good luck, and may the best reader win!
"Although she hasn't thought it through comprehensively, Casey Summerfield has had enough of her fiercely independent mother and her cheating boyfriend so she decides to run away. The one thing she hasn't factored into her plan is being knocked unconscious by a bus and waking up in her teenaged mother's bedroom in 1979.
SML—Well, there has been a lot of research, mostly by the military, about how to induce altered states of consciousness through electro-magnetic fields. It could be acting through that sort of way. I’ve often thought also—pulse light can trigger seizures in people, but it could probably also influence brain wave states.
We are talking about this very subject at Word of Life Church. Our current sermon series is entitled Hope, Heaven, and Resurrection. Check it out in our Podcast & Audio Archives or if you are in the St. Joe area, check us out on a Sunday morning at 9 or 11 AM.
Meow Café, 9 Edward St, Wellington.
Oh and please take note of the picture of me in Terokkar – I have proper PANTS again! None of those trampy ones they gave me in Hellfire Peninsula.
The logic applied in last week’s post to photovoltaic solar power can be applied more generally to a fairly wide range of technologies that can, under the right circumstances, provide a modest supply of electricity to power those things for which electricity is really the most sensible power source. I want to talk about a couple of those in tthe weeks to come, partly for the sake of completeness, partly because the options I have in mind offer some distinct advantages, and partly because touching on a series of examples will make it easier to grasp certain common themes that aren’t often addressed on those rare occasions when discussions of the future of technology manage to make it out of the realm of popular mythology in the first place.
I repeat you, hurrying, crashing, sad, distracted year.
When it came time to cook the fish, I seared it on each side for about 2 minutes. I plated it with the risotto, asparagus and garnish and,
To save their livelihoods, Carly and Michelle will undertake a turbulent truce. It’ll take more than a successful season to move beyond their devastating past, but with a little luck and a beautiful summer, they may just rediscover the friendship of a lifetime.
I told you--these were tough, deep, and somewhat scrutinizing questions! Sorry, Megan that it took me so long to answer, but I had to be in the right frame of mind.
Edward Lear himself suffered from severe and debilitating episodes of epilepsy and was prone to lifelong periods of intense depression that he deemed “the morbids.” During his lifetime, he was primarily known as a travel artist (despite partial blindness) and all-around eccentric fellow. Despite this, he remains the only author I know who wrote a paean to inter-species love now considered appropriate literature for young children. But you’ll understand why if you know the poem, or if you read it following the cut.
When you head to www.statetreasury.wisconsin.gov and click on the magnifying glass on the front page you’ll be taken to our main database page. If you look on the left column, you’ll see another link called “US SAVINGS BONDS”. Click that and begin your search for savings bonds!
For example, here is a lithograph that Ravilious made of Newhaven Harbour:
How about looking at sales as a chain and concentrating on the weakest link in it. for me the sales process starts with the knowledge of the product /service and then goes on with: booking, meeting, revised meeting /closing meeting, contract, delivery of product /service, follow-up of delivery, follow-up on usage and outfall of the purchase, customer satisfaction, add-on sales et cetera.
4. Talk Negatively About Former Supervisors or Positions
Email Sports-columinst/blogger Thomas Brunt: thesportsguy.brunt2@gmail.com, or follow him on Twitter: @BHS_SPORTSGUY
Can't beat that bottle design, either. I don't like all their bottle redesigns, but I love this one.
Why must my spouse make things more difficult than they need to be?
Like everyone, I figured I could leave all this to some indefinite point in the future. I assumed that I would be living, if not forever, then very nearly so; at least, indefinitely and for a really long time. So the list languished, and there it might have remained if not for cancer, when suddenly it started to dawn on me that I might never get to do any of it. And if nothing else, there was going to be a long time when none of it was possible. It's one thing to procrastinate; entirely another to live with restrictions and disability.
Of course, you already know that Mad Men are high-powered advertising executives. The rest of the cast is fleshed out with fetching secretaries and repressed wives. They recreate a fairly believable version of the sixties and all its social woes and inequities.
As a treat to end the year on Hubby and I decided to go over to Penguin Island.
What makes up a community? According to dictionary definitions, it is a social group. Many of the factors that tie this social group together are location or common heritage. It can also be a group of people or nations sharing a common interest. And online interest community is typically comprised of people with a shared interest (knitting, reading, eating, cooking, gardening, etc...). These communities not only have a shared interest, but they usually have shared behaviors (engaging in behaviors as well as how they interact). Being an active member of over 20 different clubs and communities over the last few years, each community has it's own culture and social rules.
I say probably because as Tel Aviv University philosophy professor Asa Kasher explains, it's hard to quantify these things. What is clear though is the extraordinary lengths the IDF goes to in order to ensure that its soldiers conduct themselves in as ethical a fashion as possible. He points out that where failures do occur, it's more often a result of a lack of proper training and professionalism. Yes, the IDF could do even better and the good news is they're working at it.
They also own the statutes under which we abide as PERSONS. These define, among many other things, how much we must pay in order to not go to jail, which fiat currency we use as legal slave tender, and the countless ways the system can f*ck us back front and sideways for STANDING UNDER and CONSENTING.
The Only Exception by Paramore
Ch3, 7dc in 3rd ch from hook, ch1 turn, hdc in each st across and in beginning ch2. ch1 turn, sc in first st and in each st across. Fasten off and attach ear to head. repeat for second ear.
Sever LE, Hessol NA. Overall design considerations in male and female reproductive studies. Lockey JE, Lemasters G, Keye WRJ (Eds.). Reproduction: The new frontier in Occupational and Environmental Health Research. New York, Alan R Liss, 1984.
We are forever your comrades in Peace and Love, Yeshua and the Company of Heaven.
Think about it: those poor Romans didn't have 'puppy-soft' Andrex.
I just don't get the celebrity lifestyle.
Lastly, I found myself really nodding in agreement with the scenerios in the Hodson article, as well as the Greene article talking about privacy and third party rights. This issue comes across all the time in my world, as we collect the papers of poets and writers from 1950 to the present. That means living creators and creators who tend to have, in some cases, racy lifestyles. Those manuscript collections house tons of cross correspondence between multiple writers, many we collect have restricted aspects. So, the policy is without losing “an important personal dimension that in most instances can never be replaced or re-created” (Greene, p.207), we try and respect donor restrictions, giving responsible time frames included in the deeds of gift. I can’t say enough about deeds of gift and documenting any privacy concerns up front. Sometimes, though, instances of privacy creep up, unaware by donors, and to the surprise of both research and staff alike! You can’t read everything sometimes!
over plate of food,
Miller had hoped to assume preferred-bidder status earlier on Tuesday but no such confirmation arrived due to what his camp would go no further to explaining than to talk of a “delay”. Intriguingly Brian Kennedy – the Sale Sharks rugby club owner who is now part of the Blue Knights consortium which forms a direct rival to Miller – was in the Ibrox main stand for this game. It remains possible that Miller will back off from the Rangers deal if he believes public – and therefore customer – perception is weighed too heavily against him.
She has a few more days with him before she has to return to Virginia and he refuses to come even for a visit. She's not convinced he could make the trip but is still trying to convince him. If he won't I fully expect she will fly back and spend her recovery time with him after her hand surgery scheduled for a couple weeks out.
Then I went home, and explained to Man-Friend (who is a whole NOTHER level of weirdness), and got a hug (did have to explain what Bili means)...but he did make it a bit better. He, at least, doesn't turn pale and get upset when I talk about work.
*He loves, loves, loves to go in the study and look at the deer. Anytime we say, "Let's go look at the deer!" he starts crawling towards the study. I'm sure his daddy loves that they share a passion for animals mounted on the wall... :/
A faithful soul once in Hufflepuff.
Today is Christmas and that means that it's the perfect time to enjoy the following:
+ The options for the bag are great - it now comes in three colors.
We spent the day yesterday at Seattle Children's Hospital. From 9:00 until 5:00, with a lunch midday, we spent time with various doctors and specialists. With back-to-back appointments throughout the day, Olivia did really well. She had her moments, of course, and Brian took the brunt of the pinching and head-butting, but all in all, she handled it well. Jacob was a tropper, spending most of the day in the waiting area, playing his game on the computer.
You see potential in all my flaws
Venator.
(Alec Baldwin makes a goofy face)
Now as with the Goals Mechanic (which I posted here and here) Beliefs and Instinct has no “crunch” or hard rule. It is all abstract and all about giving the players some major control when it comes to their character.
$0.01 dip trio with any order of $10 or more. Not valid with consultant discounts.
I will admit now that there are some employers that won’t get on board with my idea. These are the kind of companies that have cookie cutter, perfect answer interviews and score everything one to ten scale, kind of like drunk frat boys checking out girls at a bar. These companies are looking for robots, not people, and they will treat you like a robot. They’ll spew out phrases like “Work/Life Balance”, then give you the evil eye as you leave the office after a ten hour workday. If that’s the kind of employer you want to work for, by all means, continue to lie at your interviews. Tell Ken at the suicide hotline that I said ‘Hi”.
Cash transactions: there is increasing concern that although the CSO captures data from the mortgage market, it omits cash transactions. The latest figures from the Revenue Commissioners are for 2009 which show that just 6% of transactions (by volume) were in cash. Last week, estate agents DNG claimed that cash made up one third of the market. At the start of January 2012, Sherry FitzGerald said that 29% of its registered buyers were cash buyers, and mortgage expert Karl Deeter said on here that “what Mark Fitzgerald [of Sherry FitzGerald] said at the AIB meeting in December (we were at the same table) is that 30% of purchases were cash – I’d take that as being completions unless this is a case of crossed wires”. In addition, the Sunday Independent reported the former acting CEO of the Irish Auctioneers and Valuers Institute saying that “I would say a quarter of deals at present are being done in cash”. The Allsop Space auctions won’t be representative of the general market but the latest analysis from it says that almost three quarters of its auction transactions were in cash. The CSO expects to have monthly data from the Revenue Commissioners from mid-2012 and it expects that it may subsequently be able to show the market size with its monthly release of the residential index. The perception is that cash transactions will be at keener prices than mortgage transactions because the buyer can move quickly and doesn’t need credit. If that perception is correct then the CSO may be understating – and potentially, understating substantially – the decline in prices.
Now here's a thing, has balance in beer changed over the years, does it change according to where you're from? Perhaps so or perhaps just truly great brews achieve balance. For me i've been beginning to tire of solely hop led beers - ALL the truly great, extremely hoppy beers are only great in my book because they have a heavy malt presence, very pale thin bitter beers fail to carry me past a pint.
Many thanks Tracy! This was a great interview, fantastic questions! Thanks for asking me!
I did! I got my book! The bestest book in the world! Know why? Because my dear friend Chrystal wrote it!!! And it's about ANIMALS! And that means CATS!! And do you know what's even better than a book about CATS?? A book that has MY cat in it!
Whilst we await these bank holidays and hope for good weather so we can sit in the garden with an ice cold can of lout and not be at work I came to realise what a lucky man I am. I really do believe I have finally trained up the squeeze in the art of cheap lager. Whilst doing the shop I purchased some microwaveable pies that offered the promise of a free beer. I put the code off the sticker into the website and awaited my token. Whilst I was away the first of these arrived and the good lady used it in my absence to buy me some cheap lager. Seeing a 3 bottles for £4 offer and being keen to use all of the £2 voucher she bought me 3 bottles of Bitburger for all of £2. She is both a creature of outstanding beauty and intelligence. Doubling up on the offers is a trick I have been slowly brainwashing her into. Got a fiver token at a supermarket? Be in no hurry. Wait for a super cheap lager offer and wallop another fiver off it! Double bubble. The good lady is learning the art of cheap lager and it can only mean our love grows deeper. I have a further 2 tokens from the nice pie people and cannot wait for cheap lager to get cheaper.
Another notable musician Mr John Swan ( Swannee) wrote this piece of work called “I Believe” and for today, I wanted to add it to this! Very wise words Swanee.
Before she could even brace herself for his next move, now that he had her permission to do whatever he wished, her clothing fell in shreds at her feet, and she stood naked before him. Looking down, lace, silk, corset, everything laid in a puddle about her feet. The puddle could not be a truer statement since her gown, though fortunately not one of her favorites, had been an aquamarine blue. Her tiny slippers were even covered by the pile of once fine linens. The beige inexpressibles in strips looked like the foam upon the sea.
Du Preez is also wrong when he claims that black people commit 10 times more violent crime than whites, which would be proportionate to their demographic weight within the total population.
So, it’s not only about taking cool photographs of Eastwood. In fact, I really cannot decently do a Photowalk because, it’s like, nagmamadalit lagi and ganito-ganyan, so I really got bored, and here are some levitation shots. Oh, and I almost forgot: I really, as in RRREALLLY need a prime lens which has a min. aperture of f/2.8, no joke!
“Sit down,” she told him. “I take it this has happened to you before? That friends have turned on you because of your sexual preference?”
I lost the seed package and could not identify them.. Thanks to Sue" of A corner garden sue and Rosey of dung hoe...I learned that they are Cactus Zinnia's Thank you ladies"...
Not so fast. What is this pick and chose m.o.? If they want to rest on absolute truth of their written text then what about the rest of that book?
All three of my readers are waiting to see me blog about HB 660, the Texas House bill that will allow microbreweries to sell beer at the brewery at the conclusion of brewery tours. Something on the order of 48 12-ounce beers. Everyone knows that I'm a business guy, who feels that any business that fails is it's own fault. I've got a lot of things to do today, but I will say that we should certainly support this bill.
Die cuts: Memory Box Tilth Floral and I purchased it at my Local Scrpabooking Store, Photo Scraps, Eldersburg, MD. Rusty @ Oozak.com will soon be getting Memory Box dies in stock!! Yah! This is the Tilth Floral.
I would also like to suggest that two relatively “new” phenomena in psychology and religious studies (as well as spiritual practice) are also inherently syncretistic. One is Jungian psychology and the entire phenomenon of studying archetypes in mythology and religion. Archetypalism is an attempt, I think, to bridge the gap between as many cultures as possible, and to strengthen the notion that there is a basic and fundamental unity between humans and a continuity of experience and perception across human individuality. I think it arises out of very noble and worthy intentions, and it seemed to be particularly popular in various periods where strengthening the connections between diverse cultures was desirable in terms of the possibility, therefore, of eliminating differences that could lead to conflict. I am not certain that it is entirely useful or feasible to have made some of these suggestions, or that this overall project is as useful as its proponents still seem to think it is, but one thing is for certain: it depends upon ideas that fall under the broad category of “syncretism” for its success. (I have written about archetypes as deities previously here, which is probably not what Jung and his followers intended at all!)
WOW ... another fun week in the Tea Room! We received 49 FAB-u-lous submissions for the week #2 challenge - such talent ... such inspiration ... such FUN :) Thank you to everyone who submitted a project this week for our challenge. You are ALL winners in my book!
Middlesex Street, 'Petticoat Lane', is full of public housing, from interwar tenements to a remarkable mini-Barbican of walkways and towers. It's a sudden plunge right into real London, and vies with Poplar for the sharpest meeting of rich and poor in Europe. These places were largely owned by the LCC, now Tower Hamlets, and hence are left to rot. The City's own postwar housing projects, however, are still a revelation. It's incredible at this distance to think that the City could have paid for Golden Lane, for instance, a place where evidently some of London's working class manage to live well next to architects who are paying over the odds for the same flats. The Barbican, into which it imperceptibly fades along Goswell Lane, is a more complicated proposition, never public housing in the strict sense, although certainly not intended as the luxury enclave it is now. The Barbican, aside from the sheer pleasure of its Brutalist-Baroque grandeur, is mainly of use for deflecting every anti-modernist, anti-urban shibboleth going – a high density arrangement of towers and walkways, without an inch of 'defensible space', in beefy raw concrete, that is doing very well thank you (it's also, like the City itself, a wonderful place to get yourself deliberately lost on a Sunday).
First off: Avoid the Taps.
when i start a vacation layout, i'm always struggling whit the amount of pictures per place vs. hours per day:-)
The aroma from the oven was so fresh and light; I couldn’t wait to eat!
Sorry to rub that in. But I’m going to continue my crusade, insisting that Candidate Quality and Crossover Appeal matters quite a bit in elections, until it’s accepted, and not pooh-poohed in favor of “ideology and cultural affinity with the conservative base are the only things that matter” model.
Let me sigh upon a reed,
Coming out of the closet as a writer was always going to be a tough thing for me. My first foray typically examples just how much of a shy person I am.
60 Minutes attempted to interview the FDA, CDC, as well as Roche to address psychotic episode from Lariam resulting in suicides and homicides; all three decline and two just gave a bullshit statement avoiding the reality of the drug. The callous actions is obvious of Big Pharam and the government to avoid their responsibilities. By avoiding their actions patients suffer, families suffer and they can continue to develop a new malady, while slowly killing those who remain subservient.
But, thanks, Cancer. As much as you've jacked things up, you've given us so much more.
This seems a reasonable summation as far as it goes: but as I posted exclusively earlier this year, there is evidence that both Nicolas Sarkozy and the US had Christine Lagarde lined up for the IMF job (and gave her all the help they could to get it) long before DSK’s arrest and subsequent disgrace. This doesn’t prove they were involved in the events at the Sofitel, but the intent is there.
I bow to the naughty old days
I am giving away 5 signed copies of my debut novel, Elemental! But this is the ShareAthon Giveaway! You need to share the copy you win with a friend!
Thanks for stopping by today!
I missed the bus as it stopped operating at 7pm. So decided to take a metro back. again reached home at about 10pm or so and my nephew complained why I always came back late...
There is such an industry built up around teaching kids how to read. So many programs, flash cards, DVD's, computer programs... I can't help but think that an awful lot of money must be wasted annually on something that really doesn't need any "teaching" at all, something that children will learn simply by spending time with literate adults.
In an effort to put my research of app sources in one place (and to share them with you), I thought I'd run a few blog carnivals here over the next week or so. I'll start with math-related apps today, then feature other subject areas in future posts. I hope this compilation serves as a good resource for other parents like me who hope to make these technological tool-toys equally fun, functional and educational rather than the complete time-wasters they could easily become.
Today I am going to tell you what I think about immigration.
Having been unable to shake the amphibious creature that has latched onto our group, and having failed to convince it to eat that kid Data who wanted to put me in a cage, we have resolved to simply ignore it and continue trying to find our way to the pirate treasure. Unfortunately, after being plunged into the underground pool, we have become disoriented in the tunnels; but finally we find a shaft leading to the surface, which allows us to get our bearings. And also, perhaps, to get lunch.
I have an extremely hard time with transitions: From sleeping to waking, from waking to sleeping. I have been that way for as long as I can remember, and certainly since my accident. I can’t remember if I had such trouble before that day.
18 March
We would only work a few days that week between Christmas and New Years but the work was like a little vacation from our normal lives. That week between the two holidays has always been the source of some fond memories for me. The work, the fun with my brothers, the time spent with dad, and, of course, the McDonald's.
Let the tiles dry for 15-20 minutes, then apply another coat on top. Repeat this process a few more times.
So, of the many bones I have to pick with France Telecom, here's another one. Yesterday morning, virtually every parked car in the quartier was graced with not one but sometimes two to three of these sticker advertisements for Orange's latest cell phone gimmick.
At least I know now. I just wish they would advertise it a little better.
The ale was vented before the long voyage to prevent serious explosions during the crossing and this may have introduced bacteria. It was also not easy to sterilize the casks before filling them. However, it was a trade worth pursuing because of the huge volume of empty cargo ships returning to the colonies and the cost of carriage was very low.
Faith in God begins with God’s faithfulness. When we say someone has faith, we are making an assessment of their confidence in God. “Faithful,” when referring to God, means trustworthy. God is trustworthy. The whole reason we have faith is because God is faithful. Stated another way, we could not have any trust in God if God were not trustworthy.
Roses will continue to show love and affection to any recipient for many years to come. For more information about roses, or any other flowers, see our Facebook page!
A couple of weekends ago, I pulled out my spray-paint can cocktail shaker (thanks, Liz!) and mixed up a batch of birthday cake martinis for Kevin’s birthday. The recipe was so simple, I hadn’t planned on posting it here. But, since I put the picture in that weekend hodgepodge, numerous people have written to ask for a post about it. So, here it is! Be aware, this drink packs a punch. You also may want to experiment with adding some white chocolate liquor or using vanilla vodka instead of whipped cream. Definitely don’t forgo the frosting- It’s the icing on the cake! (har har har)
sometimes our tank is on empty.
HOW TO WRITE ABOUT GNU ATHEISTS
Here’s why I think this video is so important. As I wrote the other day, a Warren candidacy could test the electoral limits of true populism in a way that few other Dems have been willing to venture. Here we’re seeing the beginnings of this — this is a candidate who is starting out with her own voice.
But first, some context. We live on Rue Oberkampf – a lively street in Paris’ 11th arrondissement. If you were looking at a map of Paris, we are just to the north west of the Ile de la Cité (Notre Dame et al – generally considered the centre of the city). Our quartier, Oberkampf, is about a ten minute walk to Bastille and the Marais, a twenty minute walk to Notre Dame, and twenty five minutes to the Left Bank (but as confirmed Right Bankers, we rarely venture over that side of the river.)
From Sara Hampson, Globe and Mail:
God bless you Maria and rest in peace soon we will be together again as a family.
Real-life legal experts were quick to remind obama of U.S. v. Lopez (1995) and U.S. v. Morrison (2000), two quite recent Supreme Court cases where Congress was indeed found to have overstepped its Commerce Clause powers. Both ruled that, even though a private act (packing a gun to school; beating up women; resp.) might have some aggregate effect on commerce, if not in itself commercial activity, it cannot be subject to regulation.
I share all this for a few reasons. Sometimes, the Holy Spirit releases a burden
I then asked him if he wanted to add the page to the alphabet book he is making. (More about the alphabet book in another post.) However, he said that he wanted to use it to pretend to be an alien.
However, I'm really only supposed to be dealing specifically on the sexual abuse of the hands of bio-males.
“Well,” He continued. “I didn’t actually have any myself,”
Greer has her life pretty well put together, thank you very much. But that all tilts sideways when two girls who look eerily like her appear on her doorstep and claim they're triplets, supernatural descendants of some hideous creature from Greek myth, destined to spend their lives hunting monsters.
Instead, it took Paul three days to discover that the strong urine odor was coming from the garbage can... the small pool of liquid at the bottom cinched his investigation.
In context of the exhibition my work will resonate with its own melody as part of a combined chorus.
Honestly ladies, is there any way in the world that Chris talks to Knox ever again after the poetry in class stunt? Is this a nerdy male fantasy of women that if you are smart and sensitive and a little scary that the head cheerleader might fall for you?
If you are not on my email list and would like to receive notices about other free sessions and a monthly newsletter then you can sign up through this blog or the website. http://www.QigongEnergyHealing.com
Let's look at that. Say you get a bottle of 100 proof bottled-in-bond bourbon. Cost from producer: $10. Federal excise tax of just about $2.50 (it's a set amount per gallon of 100 proof liquor; that's why we bought bottled-in-bond):$12.50. The State's mark-up of 30% is $3.75: $16.25. Now add the 18% Johnstown Flood Emergency Tax of $2.93 (note that it's more than the federal tax): $19.18. Top it all off with the 6% sales tax you pay on computers, cars, books, pets, toilet paper (whoops -- turns out PA doesn't tax toilet paper; make that kleenex...which, believe it or not, was what I had there originally, and for some reason, changed it)-- $1.15 -- and you get a grand total of $20.33. That is more than twice the cost of the whiskey.
Wednesday is a little lighter except that we go to church in the evening and every other week we show up two hours early so my musical son can practice with the middle school worship team...on top of homeschooling Jared, writing part time for an internet content company, and caring for our animals. Sensing a pattern?
SHD: Our goal is simple : we want to let as many people as possible to hear us, so we play wherever we can--avant garde art galleries, clubs, theaters, colleges. . .but people don't seem to attend gigs as they should.
Your name.
Like Caroline, I also write about the ancient world for children, though I am “across the pond.” One thing that has always impressed me about Caroline’s Roman Mysteries series is how fearlessly she represents the ugly realities of the times, such as male castration or child abductions by slave traders. American publishers, it has always seemed to me, are more skittish about depicting such harsh realities.
Pretty sure he’s not a reader of the blog.
WHERE: Hamilton Metz Field (Albany/Lefferts Avenues, Crown Heights, Brooklyn)
The comprehensive list of awards, honours and other recognitions (more than 250 in total) bestowed on Nelson Mandela, is absolutely mind-boggling! Mandela also received several honorary recognitions long before his release from prison, namely – to mention a few:
Ugh, not loving this first watercolor attempt. Was almost too embarrassed to post it. Well, technically it's my second one but I have been getting books from the library to try to learn some techniques. I just jumped right in the with very first one so I don't really count that one. =p My pink practice palm trees came out so much better than the ones in this painting. I was also having problems with the reflection and the sky itself. My buildings are all leaning to the right. But I know everything takes practice. If you could see the first few drawings I did a few years ago you would never believe it was the same person that drew them. Practice makes perfect and with the help of PPF and more books coming from the library, I should be a pro in no time!
“Stop it!” said Lewis Schaffer. “We’re not in New York. This is why you’re going to hate living here. You’ve gotta lower your expectations.”
Significantly, Kipling turned down many honours offered to him including a knighthood, Poet Laureate and the Order of Merit, but in 1907 he accepted the Nobel Prize for Literature. Kipling’s wide popular appeal survives through other works, notably The Jungle Book (1894) the novel, Kim (1901), and Just So Stories (1902).
and wonder how
He may of course be proved right to have done so, but (a) he doesn’t know that now and (b) to intervene on this one occasion just three hours before the subjects of that testimony were to face a barrage of justified questions about propriety at PMQs was at best bizarre, and at worst a judidical attempt to interfere in the workings of Britain’s sovereign body.
(The Urantia Book pg 614)
2. Cultivate a spirit of rejoicing
Of course it wasn’t Louis Armstrong the young revolutionary, but Louis Armstrong the late-career light entertainer who knocked the Beatles from the top of the pops. By the early 1960s, Armstrong’s most important and influential work was already behind him, yet his famous charisma and ebullient personality were still enough to lift a show tune like “Hello Dolly” to the #1 spot on the pop charts—and over the Beatles–on this day in 1964.
Believe it or not, Dooney & Bourke makes some very special bags for Disney, which can only be purchased through the Disney parks, cruises, and the website. There is a variety of whimsical, magical collections from which to choose from. I ended up choosing a bag from the "Sketch" collection...
Power Points: 3
Monday to Friday 11.30am-2.30pm
Soon enough then, the inspiration which Scotland badly needed in the Euro 2012 campaign could make a return for our huge World Cup bid.
I spent the day getting ready for my trip to Sydney. I am driving down on Tuesday with my sister Kristy and her two children plus Rowie and Diddy. Yes, Kristy and I are mad. Travelling to Sydney in a car with 4 children who are 3 and under. Getting ready to go to Sydney involved tackling Mt Washmore. I spent a good 3 hours putting clothes away and packing clothes into the caravan.
God, country and militarism
After Tingini the chieftainship was given to Dereregodzonga who ruled there in Mahugwi for many years. He fought against other tribes and took their property. Derere had the gona maGumbatya which he used when he went to war. One day Derere called his people to a sangano. He told his people, “Look the country had become too small and we have not enough lands. Let us move to Wedza.” Then he took medicine from his gona and put it in the fire. He asked, “If we go to Wedza, are we going to be safe?” The smoke pointed to Wedza.
At the Macy’s Department Store Thanksgiving Day parade, the actor playing Santa is discovered to be drunk by a whiskered old man. Doris Walker, the no nonsense special events director, persuades the old man to take his place. The old man proves to be a sensation and is quickly recruited to be the store Santa at the main Macy’s outlet. While he is successful, Ms. Walker learns that he calls himself Kris Kringle and he claims to be the actual Santa Claus. Despite reassurances by Kringle’s doctor that he is harmless, Doris still has misgivings, especially when she has cynically trained herself, and especially her daughter, Susan, to reject all notions of belief and fantasy. And yet, people, especially Susan, begin to notice there is something special about Kris and his determination to advance the true spirit of Christmas amidst the rampant commercialism around him and succeeding in improbable ways. When a raucous conflict with the store’s cruelly incompetent psychologist erupts, Kris finds himself held at Bellevue where, in despair, he deliberates fails a mental examination to ensure his commitment. All seems lost until Doris’ friend, Fred Gaily, reassure Kris of his worth and agrees to represent him in the fight to secure his release. To achieve that, Fred arranges a formal hearing in which he argues that Kris is sane because he is in fact Santa Claus. What ensues is a bizarre hearing in which people’s beliefs are reexamined and put to the test, but even so, it’s going to take a miracle for Kris to win.
Paper: Cherry Cobbler textured, Whisper White, Soft Suede, Deck the Halls DSP
That said, the criticism I've heard, including Trevor's on the Who Cast, seems to completely miss the point. That's not necessarily a criticism - if its not your bag, its not your bag and there's certainly nothing wrong with that. But Gareth Roberts' script is much more subtle and manipulative of his source material than I think its been credited. There are the in jokes - for example, Donna's blatant attempts to get her name in print (although that pretty much echoed the in-jokes from The Shakespeare Code - except in that episode it was the Doctor influencing the future written works...). But that is the tip of the iceberg.
The Global Post described “polyamory” as a form of loving, “genital-sharing” agreement with a small and trustworthy group of people.
What was puzzling, however, was that some of the faculty involved in the Singapore project had also voted for the resolution.
First, I do want to note that the beginning is a little bit confusing. There’s a lot of names being introduced in a very short space of time, and we don’t know who they are or how they fit into things. Stick with it, because every single thing is important and has a part to play, and it will make sense as you keep on reading.
Great Toy in good used condition
Rest in Peace Whitney!
2-4 chicken breasts
I would recommend that you check with your insurance company to see if your policy has a “permissive use” clause and if it does, will your policy limits change or stay the same if someone other than the “named insured” is driving your car. For additional information on auto insurance visit my website at www.SCVInsuranceGuy.com.
I may have pulled the plug on posting new music on this blog, but I'm not prepared to let this blog go the way of the dinosaur (jr) - I've put in far too much work to let that happen!
In the meantime, there is a retired bookbinder that works sporadically at my work repairing books from our library. When we get back from our vacation in the States I'll be hitting him up to see if I can help him once a week. At least it will keep my hands busy while I'm trying to find a permanent solution.
Blue Valentine – Dec 31
Why is it so damned hard to leave others and tend to your own business?
News24 reports that Nelson Mandela Bay chairperson, the ANC’s Nceba Faku, incited party members to burn down The Herald newspaper as he celebrated his victory in the municipal election:
"I'll try the easier part first."
Getting this thing was a bit of a nightmare though, definitely more complicated and confusing than I thought it would be. What I expected to be about 30 mins to an hour of waiting and form-filling and applying turned into a 3 hour paper-trail chase. It’s actually kind of funny now that I think about it, but it was not at that time. First off, I had to find my own way to the closest immigration office which was in 춘천 (Chun-cheon) where my sort-of-recruiter met me to take me to apply. His name is Mr. Lee, and he is… a nice man, but very much an old Korean man (read: 아저씨, a-jeo-sshi). From what I came to understand after arriving here is that the recruiters K. and I were using were quite a small company…and unable to find us jobs. Somehow Mr. Lee and his company got involved and got us jobs in 경기도 (Gyeong-gi Province)… basically we were passed off and the whole thing is super sketchy to me, but it’s okay ‘cuz I like my school.
p.s. have I told you today how much I love little inspirational cow signs?!?
blessing we crave
The big thing about this Jam Handy production is Jimmy Stewart must have owed someone a favor because he does the voice over. A big win for Jam Handy and whatever students and teachers that had to watch this thing. A bit of a loss for people making fun of it. Stewart does manage to bring what would be a horrible short up to mediocre.
I peeled and grated some cooking apples and put them in a saucepan with some blueberries we've had in the fridge for a week or so, still good, but looking a bit neglected. While I shaved lemon peel into the pot and added sugar, more teenagers filled the room. They sat at the table and looked expectant.
Tuesday night, Jenna participated in the 4th Grade production of a play called Tennessee Patchwork.
a lot of organizations, including many of our Catholic organizations,
16. Take her fishing. She will probably squirm more than the worm on your hook. That’s OK.
I watched as the literal ripples traveled across the water, and thought about the figurative ripples that this baby’s life would also create here in this world. God has something beautiful in store here.
And the Trader Vic’s? The lounge/restaurant is similarly a mod adaptation of the old Trader Vic’s. It stands across a parking lot, which somehow made it seemed small and removed. Longtime tiki fans will be horrified by the amount of light allowed to enter — it’s got more in common with a Googie coffee shop than a dusky faux-Polynesian haunt of yore. I have to admit, it’s strikingly beautiful. But the more intimate scale, the cars passing by outside, the TV in the bar…. it seems to have more in common with Applebee’s than one of the old Trader Vic’s. The place doesn’t transport you so much as give you a poke in the ribs and a wink.
Before you plan to do a home renovation project, several issues need to be discussed and considered. Proper planning will always lead to fewer problems as you go along with your project. Each project is different! So you need to be careful along every stage of the project, especially if a contractor is involved.
Pickthall is both saddened by the unpopularity of cask ale and CAMRA's "Marxist" sales pitch to popularize it--presumably, if CAMRA positioned real ale in some other way, it would appeal more to the actual working class. I have no opinion on that point, but he hints at something that American craft breweries should recognize. If craft beer gets positioned as a luxury or connoiseur's product, it will hit a wall of market penetration and remain a niche.
Thursday, March 11, 2010 8:00 PM
Source: Netgalley
13. Lizzard. This little monster looks prehistoric.
The whole plot was unique in its own way, and it kept you going, even if the action had slowed down.
Dead man on Tobago board.
That's actually how my parents met btw. My Mom caught the bouquet at her college roomate's wedding and low and behold that was my father's cousin so he got lucky enough to catch the garter. My Mom has told me that my father gave her a kiss after putting the garter on her that went right to her toes. I've always loved their story. Their first date was to see Star Wars...too cute.
GODDAMN
“We have found great support within our community but Nienstedt’s actions go against that,” Gleich said. “A lot of students here may be uncomfortable on the issue of homosexuality, but when they see a classmate, a roommate, a friend standing up for it and getting denied, that sends a shock.”
Don't be surprised if I create a few more feather-themed cards!
The European Union is a hybrid organization. It claims some of the attributes of a sovereign state, but on other issues allows its member states to exercise their customary sovereignty.
“Out of suffering have emerged the strongest of souls, the most massive characters are seamed with scars…” E.H. Chaplin
3. Rise of the Planet of the Apes – Okay, I know I wasn’t the only one unexpectedly moved by this movie. Screw it, I’m on the apes’ side now. Fuck humanity. (More on this movie later.)
It seems like the whole CJ system is an administrative blip..
I am a HUGE couponer. Like, pick another lane if you are behind me...LOL! Not really, I will go through several times, getting behind you, rather than make you stay behind me for my multiple transaction...but yes, one of those who goes in and saves between 60-80% on my groceries. One site I love to follow to help me find good deals is A Thrifty Mom. She is a local gal so the matchups she gets pertain to me. She does half my work for me.
Allegory is a device used to present an idea, principle or meaning, which can be presented in literary form, such as a poem or novel, in musical form, such as composition or lyric, or in visual form, such as in painting or drawing.
"I was not going to nod. Everything that had ever happened to me in my whole life was mixed into the cement that kept my head perfectly still at the moment an astrologer told me that my father had infected me.
Here's the song that sets off this memory
Ahhh... Here we are in fabulous Palm Springs taking in the great weather.
What's far more important is the Welsh Governments proposed framework and the needs of welsh speaking patients.
I know I probably won't be popular in this article, calling sex outside of marriage a sin. And I know there are many, many people hurting out there because of their sexual choices over the years. The good news is that God is bigger than our choices, and Jesus' blood covers our sins. His grace is available. There is hope. And life. And joy. From this moment on, all of us can choose to follow after Jesus, even if it means saying no to our desires.
I haven't felt much like posting. I felt the same way last year after Michael's death. Mom's birthday in the middle of this contributes to the down feeling. My students will be making colorful skulls in art class. Perhaps if I post the name of the project in Spanish I will not get flak.
Bear in mind that 52 African countries are currently members of the African Union, and that this so-called Union has only two administrative centres: The one sits in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, and the other is located in Midrand, South Africa. The Pan-African Parliament (PAP), which is to become the highest legislative body of the African Union, is also seated in South Africa, in Midrand.
of my cotton shirt. i eat with nipples hard.
This was not unexpected; the Obama campaign had already admitted that the past few years under Obama have been rotten for West Virginia. Tomblin is running for re-election and is vulnerable to a Republican challenger.
They can't tell say whether the shooting happened because of human error or a problem with the gun.
Anyone who is rude to them is foolish and shortsighted. Given a choice between them and anyone else, I pick them. They make my life easier. It's not a hard choice.
Ron Paul says he's not racist cuz he just wants a "level playing field" for all. Disingenuous at best. I'm old enough, and I know he's old enough, to remember segregated water fountains, etc. He says a collectivist mindset and the government are at the heart of racism and the government is ill-suited to combat bigotry.
Most people's first choice? No.
The initial challenge, then, for the subject programmed to circulate inside this matrix of flexible labour and corporatized education, permanent debt and commodified emotion, is to try to step back from the semiotic flow and re-claim those spaces which have been lost to the rising tide of capital; to somehow distance oneself from the ideology while immersed in it, to find ways to refuse when refusal is impossible.
Conclusion - the present government has disqualified itself and lost its credibility to govern.
What, then, are we worried about?
Of course the best way is to change 4 tyres at once, but a tyre cost RM150-200; it wont be easy for working class to poke out big lump sum money to replace 4 tyres at once.
He sounds like he has flipped his lid. Even the most extreme IPCC prediction goes nowhere near that.
Lost in my hypocrisy. Dead in my transgressions and sins. Headed for a tragic eternity. And I had no idea–I was blind to that inevitable end.
“Oslo may have distanced itself from Halvorsen’s controversial remarks, but it has refused to follow the United States and European Union’s classification of Hamas as a designated terrorist organization.
“I do not know what’s wrong. And I won’t ask you. But whatever it is, remember one thing that This too shall pass away, kid. And you WILL come out as a winner. Like all other times.” He smiled and patted her back proudly.
Pops open with little fuss, light carbonation gives a delicate foam head whilst pouring. It's a deep chestnut brown with hints of ruby.
So, what’s this competition all about?
That’s when I threw in my shovel and scrambled after her. I hurriedly mixed a fresh drink of Mango Lassi, hoping to distract her before she took it upon herself to shed light on any more cupboards and closets.
The bottle pump is smooth in action and the hair + body wash clear in color, fluid with no bubbles when worked on.
There are miles of footpaths and bridleway that allow you to explore on the park on foot, bike or horseback. The landscape features agricultural land, woodland, grasslands and a large pond, the Reigh (pronounced Reeth). This pond, and the woodland beside it, are managed by Newcastle City Council as a nature reserve, and provide a home for many creatures, such as red squirrels and kingfishers.
Are there any gorillas in the Amazon? Maybe they should have named the company Uganda. Anyway, Amazon is the silverback of publishing, and they have changed the world of writing forever. Although their policies are, at times, let’s be nice – dictatorial, the market they can reach is unrivalled. Publish there.
It makes me wonder about the mind-set prevalent within the US Armed Forces, when any trained soldiers would not be aware of the consequences of such an action. No matter what strength of suspicion about the level of involvement of the detainees with the Taliban, the burning of Korans is a gratuitous act of insane provocation which can only suggest that those responsible are seriously dehumanised. They are not the actions of troops who are fighting to defend the ideals of the American republic throughout the world, but rather of arrogant, imperial occupiers, who could best be compared to the Roman legionaries who played dice at the foot of the cross of Jesus of Nazareth, whom most of them regard as their Saviour and God.
TRAINING:
salt & pepper, to taste
FIRST LADY
Tuesday 1st May 2012
I created your wraith starting with the ghost of your eyes. Thick, heavy strokes failed to convey their warmth and conflict. Brows too thick to be yours came next, while sloppy shades smeared the contours of your eyes. The image lay flat: shamed under the stark flourescence overhead.
then followed on Tuesdays
“Me too,” the second agreed. “I’ve had enough of the Governor.”
Bake at 300-degrees for 15 to 20 minutes on each side or until golden and crisp. Let cool on a baking sheet on a wire rack 15 minutes. Serve warm. Store in an airtight container up to 3 days, or freeze up to 2 weeks.
The anime, which did not move anywhere near as far into the story as the manga, was charming, has a lovely set of dubbed voice in English and did everything for me the manga did, only in less time. If you're not sure who'd gonna get the girl, the end of the anime gives a pretty strong hint.
What was your first best memory?
A moth may symbolize the natural returning back home of each changing appearance -- in the all-consuming fire of unchanging consciousness.The moth is also a symbol of sensitivity and impulsiveness, in dreams it can mean impending danger, and has traditionally been associated with psychic powers and their development. And of course like butterflies, they represent transformation. Apparently they're an omen of death in some cultures too.
Dinner - Fish and veggies, turkey burger, or chicken and veggies
And with that, my heart is no longer torn, or confused. I wanted to know if what you promised me for the past few months was still going to be valid. I have my answer, which is that you no longer wish to hold them valid. Or will not "promise" to be faithful. My fears of you not meaning what you say for very long has been realized, or rather, affirmed. A relationship does not just happen. It actually takes a lot more work than you think you know.
Full Sail Brewing Company / Tasting Room and Pub Full Sail IPA
How do his words effect and entertain you?
Charles hardly spoke to anyone at Madison and Madison outside of work. It was all business or no business at all. That was his motto. He was proud that he possessed a motto and once thought of having someone make it into a sign to hang in his office since the space had nothing else on its gray walls but cracks. Someone gave him a plant once, but Charles didn’t know what happened to it, he just continued working.
2. If you haven't already and would like to, please click here to enter the 400 Posts Giveaway. I forgot that I'm going out of town this weekend to see Danny Bhoy (Scottish comedian), so I won't actually be back until Sunday evening. But I'll draw names when I return.
No matter how “modern” we become in our thinking, some things will never change in the Indian society. I’m hinting at one of our most primary concerns, or should I say arrangement – marriage. People still have a lot of trouble convincing their folks to approve of their love/marriage, when they fall in love with a person outside their “community”. A “love marriage” sometimes is still looked down at, in most clans.
And children in schools all over Haiti are learning through the Kombit program to challenge the accepted tradition of having resteveks, which is the real kernel of change.
Speculation abounds, though, that the move is a bid to prevent the calls for a vote building up a head of steam, a pre-emptive move to prevent head off a Tory backbench rebellion.
Was tempted by dessert.
"Well, I guess I've told you all that I know, it’s up to you now...I can do no more for you as you're fate is held in your very own paws".
Zachriel and others like them must really believe at core that we are units with no volition, and that any one of us that disagrees must do so in the same manner as the sock stuck in the lint trap, or the dime in the sofa cusions. When we insist that we’ve broken from the group by choice, they don’t seek to persuade our choice, they just assume that we need to be fished out. “Read it again,” they say, or “You must not understand.” In fact we have read and understood, and found the case lacking. In some cases, we may have even found the case compelling but still refuse because the persons making it are jerks or creeps. Even beyond that – some rebels do it just for the fun of it, because we can. These are all things that only the living do.
Okay, back to the part on the Differentiated Instruction. At one time I was so scared of the word "differentiated".
“My wife wanted to know why they didn’t show up on Sunday when the two men were making all the trouble, and she was told ‘don’t behave like a white woman’… said Grobler. The commander of the Heuningspruit police station also told the father that his son ‘should have stood still to be stabbed’ and then the attacker would have been in the cells instead of Chris…’ Allegedly the two arrested black knifemen had lodged charges of assaults against the farmer and his foreman, said police captain Msisitheki Selima of the Kroonstad police; and Volksblad also quoted a claim from another cop that the police ‘have a rule’ that “anyone accused of anything should be locked up for 48 hours…. “
-”What is ist?” The scissors fell from her nerveless fingers.
Me - I'm confused.
Now this is the third time that I can point at where this sort of thing has happened (and by "sort of thing" I mean late night, hosted horror movies). Back when stations actually stopped signing off right after the late news every night, there was a demand for content. Late night programming thrived, and with it the Horror Hosts. Then, when we saw the expansion of cable options, we saw another rise, this time of the national movie hosts, the most prominent being Elvira and MST3000. Now, we're in the same place again - we have an increase in ecological broadfcast niches, and old movies (and old television, and music videos) have moved into those niches, like groundcover after a wildfire.
Optional Extra Entries:
Jack: But it’s not dinner right now so I can watch right? Duhhhh!
So... what happens if the pellets are not round to start with? That leads us to the OO pellets loaded in the S&B casings, especially the 3" magnum loads. In each S&B shell I cut apart, there were one or two buckshot that were deformed significantly. Fly true? Not likely.
“The village of Market Blandings is one of those sleepy hamlets which modern progress has failed to touch… The church is Norman, and the intelligence of the majority of the natives palaeozoic.”
V. The Blessing of Faithful Friends
Martha's Pecan Shortbread Cookies
The Horned One is one such individual. He is one of the most powerful demons known to the mortal realm. Human scholars interested in such things have termed him a Great King of Hell, likening him to Armadeus, Azazel, and others of that ilk. This of course is to apply a lawful construct onto the very essence of chaos itself, but it is a useful shorthand.
We jumped at the chance to spend several days to visit family while we were up there. The first couple nights we stayed with my best friend. We have been best friends for 28 years. I was so excited to get to spend some days with her and her beautiful family and get to know her baby boy more. Sadly, we ended up with no pictures of her and I! I am always the one behind the camera.
Camper Van Beethoven - Our Beloved Revolutionary Sweetheart - 1988
Obviously if they look back to find it suddenly sharply bent, though, it might occur to them that they just missed you doing something devious. This can undermine your magical kudos, but luckily there are plenty of optical effects and quirks you can take advantage of too. If you’re moving the spoon around a lot, it’ll be hard for anyone to tell how bent it actually is, and you might be able to make it look like it’s becoming increasingly curved as they watch, even if it’s staying the same. You can see this sort of effect by holding a pencil horizontally in front of you, near one end, and waggling it up and down. The way the other end flops about will look loose and rubbery. (Try it, and you can really see the effect. Remember, we’re still not talking about stupid people. Even intelligent brains get easily confused by things they weren’t designed to be able to cope with.)
Ten things about me:
My body. My choice. Not yours on either count. If you don’t like that I’m not into anal then get the fuck outta my bed. Don’t you dare try to guilt me into it, don’t you dare try to take it. I know what I like and anal just isn’t it. Sex isn’t all or nothing. Just because I let you have sex with me in one hole doesn’t open your options up to all the others. Even if I let you finger me it doesn’t give you the right to stick anything else into any part of me.
The truth is that banks are freer today to dramatically “multiply” the amounts deposited with them than ever before. But all of this “multiplied” money is only on paper – it doesn’t actually exist.
JD: “Does each precinct have their own policy for obtaining police reports or is it one in general.”
He heals your diseases—every one.
Wilshire (THREE BLOCKS FROM MONICA’S HOUSE), a sighting at Fred Segal on Melrose, they were on Johnny Carson….they were totally in town. And we realized that Steven was full of shit – why would a millionaire rock star live in a crappy four-plex off Wilshire, when he could buy a mansion in the Hollywood Hills? DUH.
This is why when hearing her wise words, I laughed, because of how it fit into her story, but then sat humbled by her brilliance.
Lee Seung Gi continued, “’1 Night 2 Days’ 6 years, I think my life shined along with it. I’ve learned so much, I’ve grown so much, and I met so many good people”, and he expressed his gratitude.
Although it's been a stressful and tiring couple of weeks, I have spent hours and hours chatting with my nan and I now know a whole lot more about my heritage...so many stories of my family and of life in the wartime. I've really enjoyed that part of it, sometimes it takes a big shake up of things to show you how important family are.
Yesterday, I ended up taking Kristen into the doctor's office because she could not shake this awful cough. After being congested for a week, her cough worsened this weekend. I came home from work two nights ago, and Eric said she was just not herself that evening. So, off to the doctor that next morning. Some antibiotics, breathing treatments, and a chest xray....it is not pneumonia, thank goodness. She is doing so much better today.
He oversees his kingdom So no stranger does intrude
I escaped the dragon attack with that bumbling fool from the Nord rebellion. What was his name again…Ralon? Ranof? Something like that. Oh well, who cares…that oaf is going to get himself killed by rushing back into that idiotic civil war of his. Why anyone would side with the stormcoats or whatever-they’re-called is beyond me. Why anyone would support the pathetic empire is lost on me too. Clearly the Thalmor and the Dominion are the real power here…but oh well. Idiots.”
We have been programmed to believe we need to love others. Not so. Actually quite impossible if you are not fully, completely loving yourself.
“You’re getting old, and I’m feeling younger than ever.”
First, I made one for our front door in a fall theme.
I dont do drugs either and I'd very much like you not to believe so, *** probably looked "stoned" to you cause she was CRYING.
In 2003, a cartoon miniseries entitled Star Wars: Clone Wars was released, to much fanfare and admiration. The art and animation direction was handled deftly by Samurai Jack animator Genndy Tartakovsky, and the story takes place strictly during the Clone Wars, detailing much of the battles that were omitted from the movies.
As Katherine’s muse, I naturally have a lot of influence over her work. This week I’d like to point my glittery horn towards her second novel Spellfall, which features a whole herd of unicorns as well as a haunted wood, an old lodge, a mysterious standing stone, an evil Spell Lord, and – since it's set at Halloween – plenty of tricks and treats!
Let’s start with some of the characters, shall we?
Assalamualaikum waramatullahi wabarakatuh.
When: Session MUST take place before Jan. 14, 2011, so the calendar production can be done QUICKLY!
So I guess, in my own pathetic way, this blog is my attempt at gathering supportive people in one place, even if it’s only online. I know I’ll come to my decision eventually, but God I wish I had people to talk to sometimes.
The discussion between the unicorn and Schmendrick is as follows:
I applied for a new job that I would have been qualified for but didn't get
Jesus, you wept for the city you loved – in your words and actions the oppressed found justice and the angry found release…. (prayer heading used on Iona)
Whatever!
Are you with me?
“The lack of service between these times was due to a disparity between timetables. The night bus drivers were still operating according to their original hours, while the day buses had adjusted to the new time.
Honey and lemon tea
I suddenly couldn't sleep anymore from sleep apnea. If I fell asleep other than on my side, I would wake up choking. This was from the weight gain (much of it is in my face and the rest all on my arms and stomach- I can't tell you how many times people have asked me when I'm due).
Running ’round town
wooo. I've been here all along...just not much in the mood for blogging...time to reconnect!
But seriously, people - we've got to stop operating under the assumption that kids won't learn if they aren't forced, coerced, prodded, and locked into a damn brick building for 7 hours of every day, 180 days a year. It's ludicrous. And we also have to stop believing that the only important things one learns are what's taught within school walls.
"At the beginning of the 1870s, three million of Sweden’s population of just over four million people still lived in the countryside. But country life had changed. The number of independent farmers had declined and the ranks of the landless had grown. The increase in population created a growing body of tenant cottagers, servants to the gentry and indentured labourers. Land reforms that destroyed villages and re-allocated the fields transformed the way of life in the countryside as well as its buildings. Agriculture became mechanized, industrial products did away with crafts and new means of communication opened up more efficient ways of distributing goods."
Wow, I never really thought of it that way. The whole day felt like one long moment. My favorite memory is probably the nice, long squeeze of a hug after the ceremony was over. Because no one was with us and there was no aisle to walk back down, we were able to just stand there together in a tight embrace and soak in the emotion of the day and the gravity of this life-changing event.
- Also, she suggests creating a river boat service between Putney and Greenwich.
On a sour note. This pretty much marked the end of my battery box. Had to scrap the right channel because it was so staticy. Also, Melbourne festival should get rid of glass bottles. There's so many of them getting thrown in bins in this recording. Really takes away from it.
Cool the cake in the pan for 15 minutes, then unmold onto a rack to cool.
A major highlight for Josh and I was that on a few evenings we would leave the kids at the hotel with a movie and we would go out on a date. So, we got some special treatment too, and we are very thankful.
1 crudely
"A headache doesn't make you scream." No point trying to disguise the grim edge in his voice. Let Taslin take offence if she wanted to.
The cause of the sinkhole is unknown, but officials believe the dry weather conditions experienced in parts of the south could have contributed to the hole.
I love to tell him - "I love you muchly." He likes to reply with "I love you morely." Not the best grammar for us, but it makes me smile. :-)
After a stint playing military bases in Europe, Matthews established himself in Cincinnati, where he eventually met James Brown, who offered Matthews his first recording gig, something "underground" (or "psychedelic"), which became known as The Grodeck Whipperjenny - the title was supposed to sound meaningfully meaningless.
Well, we learned our first lesson that
Ironically, those who claim that the Afghan Taliban are a Pashtun nationalist movement are not Pashtuns, such as Hamid Mir and Orya Maqbool Jan of Urdu media, or Ejaz Haider and Najam Sethi among the liberal voices. Pashtun intellectuals and journalists from conservatives like Rahimullah Yousafzai and Saleem Safi to liberals like Farhat Taj and even some Pashtuns who have been part of the military establishment such as Asad Munir, former head of ISI and MI in FATA and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, deny that.
These submerged bunkers are known locally as Le Filet, Le Congre and La Faille (The Net, The Conger and The Passage) and have become a popular spot with scuba divers. As well as the challenge of locating the bunkers themselves, divers enjoy observing today’s permanent residents of the bunkers, which include conger eels, lobsters, rays, sole and cuttlefish, while the walls are now covered with spectacular multicoloured sea anemone.
“In Christ we have also obtained an inheritance, having been destined according to the purpose of him who accomplishes all things according to his counsel and will, so that we, who were the first to set our hope on Christ, might live for the praise of his glory. In him you also, when you had heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation, and had believed in him, were marked with the seal of the promised Holy Spirit; this is the pledge of our inheritance towards redemption as God’s own people, to the praise of his glory” (Eph. 1:11-14)
1. THE GREAT WHITE SILENCE (1924, using footage from 1911-12) at the Castro Theatre, as part of the Silent Film Festival. Again, I could've listed the whole festival, but this was far and away the one that impressed me the most. Just looking back and seeing documentary footage from 100 years ago is pretty amazing, and the story of Robert Falcon Scott's fateful attempt on the South Pole is likewise amazing. The King allegedly wanted this footage shown to all English schoolboys to instill in them the strong sense of adventure and British spirit. My snarky half wants to make a crack about how inspiring children onto adventures that end in death isn't necessarily the smartest thing for the empire. But having seen the movie, I understand what the King was thinking.
I've had a crush on Jack Black since his HBO Tenacious D days... I find him adorable and irresistable. I pride myself in my morning Tenacious D guitar riffs, playing 3 chords and making up stupid songs with Brad about cooking eggs, over easy, and who doesn't like the bacon, skit skat doodley dat... god I'm a nerd. Ok so Check out Brutal Legend, highly reccomend this game, its just good fun, and how can you not love a game that you need to build a hot rod called The Duece to get you around the play field... Horns Up bitches!
Only thing missing is a TV so I can spend more time there in the evening - although I did spend a really nice evening before Easter listening to some old CDs - Genesis, Right Said Fed and All About Eve - does that bring back some memories??? - it did for me.
As a commenter to this post asked: If a male teacher at that school was found to have a wife who was having fertility treatments, would he also be fired? Conceiving a child takes a contribution from both male and female.
The hit I pulled was serial numbered 6/10 Titanic Threads of Hall of Famer Fergie Jenkins. For those of you who don't know about Fergie he just happens to be the greatest Canadian hurler ever!
Everyone?
The letter V inspired twenty-seven vivacious Indian flavors!
One of Russia's biggest problems is that many of its best people are moving out, and they are being replaced by people who are -- shall we put it kindly -- sub-par. Unskilled workers from the republics are flowing into Russia, while its best trained and most skilled workers and professionals are finding their ways abroad.
Howard Kissel was a true friend to everyone he knew: sympathetic, compassionate, and understanding. This last is important: one can be compassionate without full understanding, but full understanding helps immeasurably. And as if all that weren’t enough, he could also be very witty.
The UK visit was organised to showcase the craft to its first British customers – Virgin Atlantic, British Airways and Thomson. It will fly over Derby en route from Gatwick Airport to Heathrow Airport.
Lordy it's frustrating. I know, I know, they have a job to do, keeping undesirables out, but me? I'm lovely. I really am. I even know a few words of The Yellow Rose of Texas....
To compound the issue with my right calf, my sciatica is acting up again. Not one of the BAD attacks. That last BAD attack had me riding in an ambulance…. This one is much milder but still uncomfortable. Muscle relaxants, anti-inflammatory drugs and industrial strength pain killers seem to have helped and I will ride my bike tomorrow. I have taken shorter walks and avoided bleacher-sets while I wait for the calf and the sciatica to settle down.
I love my chickens. They are by no means pets, but they are quite spoiled nonetheless. When we had just the Buff Orpingtons, they roamed the yard in their chicken tractor. This past summer, we added some Rhode Island Reds to the mix. As a result, the girls got a much larger coop and yard.
What can an individual do right now? Volunteer! Check in with your local schools and offer your expertise. Turn education into an action verb. Grab your superhero cape! Make a difference. In the process, you will change the nation one student at a time.
First Vespers of the great feast of the Ascension are Sung. At Compline and the other Hours hymns of Iambic metre have the Ascensiontide Doxology: Jesu tibi sit gloria, Qui victor in caelum redis, Cum Patre et almo Spiritu, In sempiterna saecula. Amen.
Alas, I couldn't find an image of a bottle of Marmite ANYWHERE, so, completely BY RANDOM, I found this action-packed image by one of my favourite comic heroes, Frank Miller. I've NO IDEA what it is about, but I'm sure it's an intelligent, thoughtful and non-bigotted and even-handed debate about the so-called 'clash of civilization' we've been hearing so much about since, oh, September 2001.
A.K.G. Nair, Group Director, Pearl Academy of Fashion said, “We have some of the most creative minds amongst us, but exposure and access to the best resources, ideas and talent from around the world is key to success. Having someone like Angela Missoni share her experiences with our students is part of our efforts to create a truly global and relevant industry experience at Pearl.”
Therefore will I trust you always
Reading Rainbow exposed me to books that I otherwise would not have been exposed to because my immigrant parents were not very well-versed in children's literature, especially since they were learning English themselves. I was introduced to some of my now-favorite children's books - Mufaro's Beautiful Daughters, The Day Jimmy's Boa Ate the Wash, A Chair for my Mother, etc. (Here is a link to the episode for A Chair for my Mother that I found on youtube.) I can actually still visualize specific pages of books with it's simple animations.
Reviewed by:
That option is no longer available. It’s off the table.
Every person will be in communion with every other person and God.
April 10, 2012
We will be having a Give Away which you can find out more about at the bottom of this post.
I have placed the Mange tout in a similar arrangement, but with a bigger wigwam…. It is now upstairs taking up most of a window in Bob’s study room, (which he is yet to see)!
PPS I have a super duper exciting surprise for you.....next time!!!
Dancing Time: The Best of Eastern Nigeria’s Afro Rock Exponents 1973-77 by Nigeria’s The Funkees, is the latest compilation from the prestigious Soundway Records and comes in the name of resurfacing some very vital dance floor thunder in Nigeria’s musical legacy. Lyrically the album touches on many topics and always leaves the audience ready to move in the name of music. James Brown to Fela Kuti and Funkadelic to MonoMono, The Funkee’s recorded the heaviest, dustiest, analog driven afro funk ever. The arrival of a compilation giving a perspective never before on their rich legacy in the 70′s has been long in the making with the groups works finding release on other various artist comps Soundway has put out. The region of Nigeria had been morphing sound into a very special path during the 60′s and 70′s, giving the spiritual language of the land and ancestry full display inside of the heavy rhythms, cosmic funk organ and sweltering bass anthems that make Dancing Time as much of a psychedelic rock compilation as it is a perspective into the afro beat movement. Slick and very tight guitar that is drenched in effects that would fit perfectly on any Funkadelic album, it’s hard to believe this group was able to pull off their own compositions with the same spirit and intensity as the best funk artist from the west. The bands positive aura shines on every song as every musician brings the highest sense of musicality into the collection of singles, album song selections and more. The simplicity in groove is laid out in each piece, but the polyrhythms, tight transitional sections and vast amount of layers make it a highly complex album that pushes into all of the areas of music we really love about this time of music. Inventive would be an understatement when you hear how raw and robust the songs are on Dancing Time: The Best of Eastern Nigeria’s Afro Rock Exponents 1973-77.
“I’m fine.” He shook his head. “I’m just confused.”
reposting this one as her paper drawings have been drawn over and over.
115Yet then, to those dread altars as I drew,
Treatment of osteoarthritis with a herbomineral formulation: a double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over study.
The cough and loss of breath affect my lungs
Now…. it’s muddled. I still don’t like the idea of animals dying. But death is a reality. Factory farming does not have to be a reality, and people don’t need to eat as much meat as they do–it’s bad for their health and for the environment, among other things. But people are going to eat meat; I no longer live under the illusion that vegetarianism is a path for everyone. I have allowed my children their own choices, and I’ve tried to be as honest with the facts and as transparent about my own feelings as I can, without trying to influence them. They are sensitive, caring children. I’m 100 % positive that my eldest will become an ethical vegan sometime in his teen years. I will support him in his choices and help him get the information he needs.
Roy: Oh, for God's sake Lilly.
"Love is the only logical act."
Take care and I will post some pictures over the weekend,
“Mr. Glamour is a striking effort from one of the most daring crime writers in the business. It is the noirest of noir...and hellishly addictive.” Mike Stafford, BookGeeks Magazine.
And just like that, it’s back to the work week.
Parker has learned SO much already in only a few short months. I'm so proud of him!!
Jessica provided “Proud Mary” complete with dance moves and spunk.
That completes the use of this custom Class. You will use this kind of ‘enum’ like Class throughout your projects to manage nonvolatile lists of which ‘states’ is one example. By nonvolatile I mean does not vary at run time. That does not mean you cannot add to the list. I generally find that each project has a set of internal lists that this approach applies to. Things like Operating Committees, Divisions, Job Codes, General Ledger Accounts, etc…
Christmas was awesome this year. (I did not spend hrs in the hot kitchen cooking and cleaning) All 11 of us booked into Sizzlers for lunch. Easy-peasy dinner, as we were heading off to the Gold coast for 10 days in the early am. We all went to Dreamworld 5 times (yes 5) we all had 21 day passes that we didnt want to waste. and we shopped and shopped. New year we drove to Paradise point to see the fireworks...That took all of an hour. Then us oldies took on babysitting so the young adults could go out to do what they do.
"I didn't ask to go pee, you did. So pee."
Read from my Mt TBR Pile of Doom
The real question is, will we handle the physical in a worshiping, obedient way? Oh for pure hearts, clean hands, and men and women who really want that honeymoon night to be sacred!
Masala
They offer valuable- pricing set lunch ( $10.50 & 16.50 ) and the food attained a certain standard since the menu was created by Chef Daniel Koh himself. Sometimes I felt dining in high-class restaurants are a waste of money . We pay for the ambience and service but often the food was merely average and mediocre.I’m not referring to ALL Restaurants but IMO, I had experienced quite a number.
There's not much on this site or the links don't work. So my comment is pretty much limited to the flag design. The design is very eyecatching, I like it. However, historically the red infinite Métis flag was associated with the Hudson's Bay Company. The blue infinite Métis flag (which was the original one)
The following is a short yet sure fire list of ‘How To Stay Stuck, Miserable and Disempowered’ and it is a portrayal of ‘not using’ or ‘misusing’ our free-will.
The doctors at Doernbecher were unsure if Dale would continue to be able to breathe on his own. Having been on a breathing tube myself, I know there is only one definitive way to find out if a patient can breathe for them self – remove the breathing tube. Fortunately young Dale began breathing on his own.
She tilted her head to the right and peered at me knowingly. If I didn't know any better I would swear she winked! Then she arose ever so slowly, until about my eye level; turned: and flew off into the wood.
meet each others’
I have been a pastor’s wife for 20+ years now. Four of those years we were in local church youth/family pastoral ministry while also in part-time itinerant ministry. We also spent about 10 years in strictly itinerant ministry. Neither the years of youth-pastor ministry, nor the years of itinerancy, during which we ministered to many pastoral couples, prepared us for the role of full-time local pastoral ministry.
One of the goals on my LIFE LIST is to “downsize my material belongings”… this is goal number three… which supports goals 10 & 12 and indirectly goal number four.
Twin 1: Here you finish it.
Happy Monday! I hope you all had a great weekend. Did you celebrate National Scrapbooking Day? Did you indulge in a margarita for Cinco de Mayo? I have to say that I did both. I spent the weekend on a scrapbook retreat with 9 of my closest scrappy girlfriends and we had quite the weekend. Plus I managed to get a bit of scrapping done, too.
These are the pencils and stumps I used on the monsters. I just got a pile of the more grey toned stumps that are stamped China instead of Taiwan. I've read people saying one is far better than the other, but to be honest, I can't tell a bit of difference. I'm pretty sure that if you browse through my blog of images, you can't tell the difference either. They feel the same to me and the results are identical.
At the beginning, I was tripped up by the constant bad language. I can understand that the author is appealing to teenage boys and teenage boys do have a fascination with such language. It would be realistic for them to use the language, it just made me uncomfortable. I always prefer a story be told without resorting to the crude and obscene.
Here are some of my favorite tools that help make my cooking hour easier.
I've read a little about power travelling along cables (whether it's generated from solar or fossil fuels) losing a certain percentage to entropy. So more power has to be generated to replace the loss. It's not a huge amount compared to what power makes it through, but entropy does add up. I would think, efficient use of resources would encourage maximum electricity being used, closest to the source generating them. It's not like grid connected solar is the same as stand alone solar - where you may need to charge your batteries during the day so you have electricity at night. We have an electricity grid to plug into any time.
* Seeing my brother complete a play.
Anyway, on the way to the test, Gavin asked a very important question. He turned to me, and in the most sincere and innocent voice, said, “Mommy, I don’t know why, but I feel like I’m ready to go take the test and I want to, but I feel a little worried. I don’t know why.” My mommy rally speech went a little something like this: “That’s completely normal, buddy. Mommy is scared to do things all the time and I feel just like that, but I do them anyway. Like when mommy spoke at that school recently, I was nervous, but I didn’t let it stop me. I did it anyway, and the more you do stuff like that, even when you feel nervous, the easier it is to do more things like that. Then you get really good at it.”
It just so happen that I had my camera gear in my car and ready for anything that caught my eye that night. I was being open-minded and wanted to let the landscape speak to me in terms of lighting. Sometimes the most perfectly lit building can look just as beautiful as a bouquet of flowers. This night I wanted to see what the different cityscape angles of downtown Nashville looked like. I have always seen panoramic images all over this area of the Shelby Bridge overlooking the pedestrian bridge and even of the river overlooking 1st Ave and Broadway Ave. I wanted a different angle this night.
So next we'll find out who they're going to George. My money is on Scotty.
And won't do it again for another year.
I can think of someone else that used non-traditional methods to reach an audience about God and received negative reviews in his day……JESUS CHRIST. The world is filled with many unique groups of people that need to hear that there is hope through CHRIST in a world full of despair but Christians need to realize that a cookie cutter approach doesn’t work for everyone. Christians need to have an open mind to new ideas and support those who utilizing their resources and talents as the Bible commands to be a Fisher of Men for God.
Now Regina's here to share her side of that cover's story, and share a few other covers she's been working on (like that gorgeous one at left):
C'mon, admit it. You know I'm right.
I always find great new wines when I am home visiting my parents because they love wine as much as I do. This Sauvignon Blanc called Glazebrook was so good. Retails for around $14. For those who live in Charlotte it is sold at Reids.
These two programs have identified improvements in pork production, productivity and safety in the pig-smallholder dominated markets of Vietnam, Uganda and the northeast Indian state of Nagaland as initial areas of focus.
Exercise, particularly aerobic exercise, is essential for circulation health. It is recommended that the patient exercise for 20 minutes, three times a week.
Exit question: Will North American Christians educate themselves before the crucifiz on their building is replaced by a minaret?
The next day was spent in Telluride. This town was known for it's mining. Today it is more of a tourist area. After a yummy lunch at the bakery we went up to another waterfall (or as close as little legs can get us) and then road the gondola to the top of the ski area and had a look around then, back down for ice cream in the car on the way back to the cabin
This 1970s Galanos outfit will always be one of my favorite pieces to have had in the shop. So happy it went to Michelle! The under piece is actually a jumpsuit with balloon pants that end at the knee. A floating silk skirt wraps over it. Amazing and Michelle looks fantastic in it paired with her lust worthy Oliver Goldsmith sunglasses - a vintage fashion holy grail.
“But there are people who take salt with their coffee. They say it gives a tang, a savour, which is peculiar and fascinating. In the same way there are certain places, surrounded by a halo of romance, to which the inevitable disillusionment you experience on seeing them gives a singular spice. You had expected something wholly beautiful and you get an impression which is infinitely more complicated than any that beauty can give you. It is the weakness in the character of a great man which may make him less admirable but certainly more interesting.
From His own fulness all He takes away. (Be Still My Soul, Catharine von Schlegel)
And for those of you who like to enter our Sweet Sassy Saturday,
My friend Kate had this week a little while back and came up with a fabulous little behavior system to try and right the wrongs. Then last Saturday I had the privilege of sitting in on an "in-service" about how to deal with children with behavioral difficulties in Sunday School(I think they need to plan the next in-service to be how to foil the plans of the devious children who ban together to infuriate their parents).
A year ago, I had only heard the name Wendy Deng in passing here and there – until recently, her publicity was limited to her marriage to Murdoch back in 1999 when I was much too young and innocent to be paying attention to social climbers. Now, Wendy is fast becoming a household name in the media and entertainment industry as the person leading her husband’s Chinese media investments. She has become a key player in the future of Sino-US co-production, having been by the side of the legendary James Cameron throughout his entire trip to China for the Beijing International Film Festival. To her, and I’m sure to many others and myself included, it is a dream come true to be a key power player in one of the most dog-eat-cat industries in existence. And in theory, that’s what I want. But that’s where the careful-what-you-wish-for-honey comes in, because is that really want I want?
The biggest problems I have with the fur industry is the conditions in which animals live and how they’re killed. The same ethics apply to my consumption of meat. I expect eggs to come from free-range chickens, I expect meat to come from animals that lived with room to move, outside access, and a quick death. Essentially I have no problem with someone shooting an animal then skinning it for its fur, if it lived a normal wild life first. I agree with taking what you need rather than stockpiling supply on a fur farm. But I’d question the traps mentioned in this article – how do they work? Does an animal die instantly, or remain trapped and in pain for hours? Aesthetically I also find the fur industry unpleasantly ostentatious. I wouldn’t wear fur any more than I’d carry a handbag covered with logos and clanking hardware. I think it’s vulgar. I don’t live in the Russian steppes, so a few layers, a big scarf and a couple of pairs of tights under my jeans usually keep me warm
A Britain where there's one newspaper - The Guardian - and one live news channel - The BBC.
I promptly received his apologies and was given a full refund.
Oh! That glorious day! An author I'll be
The holy place of the tabernacle of the Most High.
Of all the children Catherine (2) is most a combination of her parents. I think she seems more like Catherine, but Nelly would have us believe that she maintains a softness from her father. Something in me finds this suspect…I think Nelly is feeding us a little bit of a line through her lens of having raised Catherine (2) and the fact that she disliked Catherine (1).
Enjoy a spoken passage sample followed by the song.
We got it done, even though 6 of the screw points didn't match properly, and there were a few screws left over, but it's done.
The men all made their first appearances in connection with the abuse ring at High Wycombe Magistrates Court
Awake
14. Scotland is currently the second largest country in the UK, after England.
Yes I thought we would live forever,
Sephora Prisma Chrome EyeSahdow in Gold Reflection and Burgund Gem
The Clark card definitely has the better photo, but Walker was a much better player than Clark...thus, I'll give the slight edge to Walker and Pinnacle. 1-0.
This was our view. It was quite dark inside but filled with items that HP restored back in 2004 to bring the property back to it's original condition in 1939 when Dave Packard and Bill Hewlett established HP. With the exception of a few modern kitchen appliances, the rest of the house that we saw was like walking through a museum.
In some ways bad for Mets fans, in other ways good, in many others great and probably one of the best case scenarios for the Wilpon/Katz ownership consortium.
“I’m afraid it’s going to be expensive,” said my car mechanic.
spencer – Spencer jacket over a white muslin gown, 1798 – Wikimedia Commons — a close-fitting, tight sleeved, waist length jacket modeled on a gentleman’s riding coat, but without tails
I attack em from every angle, mangle them down
So… News.
Marc picked her out and so got to name her. It may surprise no one then, that our latest chicken’s name is Zelda.
You will notice a Members Only feature to access back issues of the journal on the website. The temporary password is “memberdownload”. There will be more exclusive features and you will receive updates on passwords via email.
I am so in love with this card... starting with the mustard coloured card as a base, I embossed a piece of white card using a cuttle bug folder and lightly inked the surface with Tim Holtz - Antique Linen Distressed Ink. The rose paper is from a 6x6 Glitz Pack - Laced with Grace. The little cluster is made up of a paper flower I had on hand, a ribbon bow and a MFT die-namics rolled flower. The little sentiment I printed out on Epson Matt heavy-weight paper and cut into a banner shape.
He was my family, he was my everything, and he told me that I was his eternal love
Back to the very top of the year for this one, and one of the highlights of my trip to Vienna. Breaking the lagerland mould with hoppy pale ales and plenty more besides. Bravery and diversity once again.
“There’s a big spider” says the wife in a pathetic voice, not taking her wide, frightened eyes off said spider just in case it runs. She can’t go near it herself but needs to watch where it goes so that it can be tracked down and removed from the house before bedtime. The fear of a big spider roaming the floors, walls, ceilings, her pillow, her bed covers, her face during the night is enough to keep her from sleeping…ever again. Until its capture, the wife is a total basket case.
Description: Santa is taking the break from his winter wonderful land and soaking up the warm rays at the beach with a little surfing. I do think that Santa is a giving himself away with his holly covered board-shorts and his monogrammed initials on his tank top.
Accessories: Everyday enchantment brad & ribbon back (SAB & retired), blossom punch, circle punches, polka dot embossing folder
Place the chicken in a roasting pan (on a rack preferably) breast side down and pour chicken stock and water in the bottom of the pan. Place pan in the center of the oven roasting for 20 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 400 degrees F. and turn the chicken over, breast side up. Continue roasting about 40 minutes or until internal temperature reads between 175-180 degrees F. The chicken is done when it turns a lovely golden brown and the legs wiggles loosely when twisted.
The fox and the guitar
In May I'll be continuing with my Tattoo Tuesday posts, the new Literate and Stylish feature, shooting to share a recipe a week, and sharing some new surprises too (ideas have been a-brewing!). May is always the BEST month around these parts, and this year it's even more special as I turn 30! I'll also be celebrating Shirley's 30th, Hank's birthday, Hank and my anniversary, and a quite a few more fun things on the horizon.
So when you're asked, take a moment to ponder. Do you really want to do this? Is this a close friend who's helped you many times, and here's a chance to return the favor? Is this someone who is constantly needing a ride, or always wants a shoulder to cry on?
Shirt: Thrifted
I'm bringing back the Hungover Monday title just for today. If you have to ask why, you're not thinking.
2 cups gram flour
I know...
Virutal Vilagers
Steamed Mussels With Leeks In Krokos Kozani
next is a Random Recipes Virgin Misky with a delightfully light English Muffin Bread, which i've never seen before but I will definitely be making!
when bella came along, i didn't want her to have any of my fears. aside from bugs, there aren't really any. i do kind of freak out when i am in too small a space or am not able to move my arms. but other than that, i consider myself somewhat brave. i'm not scared of heights or water (i have a healthy respect for water, though), not scared of dogs, or birds, or being alone. but bugs, that's another story.
Myself, I felt angry and sad that this place may very will be taken away from Coney Island along with Paul's Daughter (there over 40 years), Gyro Corner, Shoot the Freak, Cha-Cha's, Beer Island and the Grill House. It didn't seem real, the Ruby's family were gracious to the very end and worked as if it was any other day. I had a few words with Ruby's son-in-law, co-owner and bartender, Michael Sarrel before I left and I asked him how he felt, he said he felt "happy and sad" and I said I felt angry and why did he feel happy? He said that he was happy with how they were going out- if this was the end-with a nice crowd with the right people and he thanked me for coming before continuing to pack away the outdoor furniture for perhaps the very last time. A class act.
(Max Raabe - Song of Mandalay)
Regardless of the type of self chewing habit that you may have; the end goal is generally not to swallow these little pieces of yourself (unless you are a nose picker/eater) but I have to imagine that sometimes little bits of chewed skin or nail are going to be lost in your mouth and inadvertently swallowed where they will end up in your stomach. My random thought was “I wonder how much total energy in your life is gained by digesting pieces of yourself? How many repetitions of a 2kg dumbbell could you lift using energy gained from your own self cannibalism after 50 years of life?”
You would think that the desire to contribute snacks is one that would be easily appeased, but getting on that sign-up sheet has been absurdly difficult.
I also want to let you know that each week I visit every blog. If it appears I haven't visited your blog by the following Thursday evening, please let me know!
I love working with KOLT! My very first stage management gig years and years ago was during Lips with KOLT, so it is nice to come back after all this time! I can definitely see a difference in the production process since then, a good difference. But the quality of work is still the same, and you guys continue to produce bold, intense shows that you set out to do from the very beginning. Which is very refreshing, not only because Sacramento theatregoers need more of that, but also because your audiences know what to expect from you and you deliver! I also keep coming back because it’s just fun to work with you guys; I would rather participate in a show that is really unique, a challenge, and inspiring than do another boring, familiar, musical or comedy solely for the paycheck.
That is why I find them so important in portrait photography; it can mean the difference between a ‘mug’ shot/boring face image and a portrait with emotion and substance!
Interestingly enough, that same issue of Newsweek had a health article about "the science of forgetting." Why do I say "interestingly enough"? My second novel (tentatively titled HOW TO SAVE A LIFE), which will be out early next year, has a major plot line that relates to deleting traumatic memories from the brain. I don't want to say more lest I give too much away, but I'm starting to feel like someone at Newsweek is looking over my shoulder as I write . . .
Every 1000 points is worth $10 and they do add up provided you take the estimated time to answer the survey and don’t speed through, otherwise you only get the chance to win the 10000 points every month. Here are the rules for the monthly sweepstakes. Reward points also can be turned in for various non-cash rewards from gift cards/certificates to bags and wallets to other various products. However, be careful with the non-cash rewards because I read some reviews saying that the wrong stuff was sent to them and the company that owns MySurvey would not give a refund. Anyone with an account with less than 1000 reward points is considered having an account with no value.
Now it´s time for your best friend, the hot glue gun. Put glue on the pat you can see in the pic above, the one with the apples on, and glue the front to the back. Hold it for a while, to let it cool down and connect.
Christopher Faughnan, 37, South Orange, N.J.
To use the sander I just fixed a piece of wood to one end of the plywood sheet so that I could grip it in the large vice I have in my shed, it also makes it easy to store as well, and as space is currently at a premium in my shed easily storing things is handy.
Did I want this one?
Please feel to share, comment, give kudos, or even suggestions. I am open to learning everything I can.
Of course you can't have orange juice without alcohol. One night, my roommates decided to go out drinking. Let me add that it was on a school night, and my roommate can only handle 4 glasses (of wine) before he starts speaking in slurred Vietnamese and crying about why nobody understands why he doesn't like onions.
Bake for about 50 minutes in the preheated oven. Loaves are done when toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.
Venus goes through phases like the Moon as well. But what’s interesting about the Venus phases is that it is “full” when it’s farthest from us – and it’s a thin crescent when it’s closest to us. That really changes the dynamic. With the Moon there’s no such relationship. It can be a crescent and close, or a crescent and far away.
2:00pm until 9:00pm
I know what can happen if things go a bit awry at a homebirth. I know I can access emergency help if need be. My greatest wish is that this time, I can snuggle in bed with my babe and all will be well. It's not much to ask, really?
And what a line up - Masekela and Dudu Pukwana, Larry Willis, Makaya Ntshoko, Eddie Gomez with Caiphus Semenya providing a lot of the material and producing as well.
This is our cat, Chupie (short for Chupacabra). Chupie, since he is orange and I hold a disdain for all orange cats, he doesn't get a whole lot of attention here. You see, we have a bunch of cuter cats and they end up "winning" us over based on looks alone...so, yes, the orange cat comes in last...there's always a cat that comes in last and in our house, it's poor Chupie. Because of this, Chupie swells with happiness if we even look at him...and he can purr so loudly, I swear it can be heard from a couple rooms away.
Anthony, as is usual, helped me work through this by letting me blabber. There was a mention of Theseus’ ship and other good things. I think, ultimately, what I had decided was that for all the years that I have been overweight (middle school? high school? It’s hard to tell), I spent a lot of time convincing myself that it wasn’t my fault. That X parent/adult taught me to stress-eat and Y situation had me eating poor quality food and that’s what I was used to. And Mom dying. All of these things are true, and I wouldn’t go so far as to call them “excuses,” because they are real barriers to me losing weight, and real things that I have to overcome. But thinking about these things and submitting to them over and over through the years sorta embedded this idea that I was “supposed” to be overweight, that they were things I couldn’t do anything about.
New traditions are creeping in to my "perfect Christmas" picture. I feel so blessed to have two families that are so wonderful when some people don't even have one. I have to say, the hubs & the hugs really got me through the yang of this year's lack-of-family.
Everyone else in town is done and we have a bumper crop on the vines....STILL!
Dinner: Vegetables
next to this writing chair. She’s still hungry,
I used to collect them in the 1960's and played endless games using the figures as paper dolls, and my fascination for Antique and Vintage costume has stayed with me all these years. This Summer I was approached by a friend who wanted to know if I would be interested in a job at an Auction house?
LOTS OF PAINTERS HAVE REDUCED THEIR FOREGROUNDS TO BROAD OPEN AREAS WITH A MINIMUM OF DETAIL.THE VIEWER EASILY TRAVELS THROUGH THE SIMPLIFIED VESTIBULE OF THE PAINTING ON HIS WAY TO THE INTERIOR.
Today I wore...
The winner of my UPrinting 250 custom label/stickers giveaway has been choosen.....ramdom.org picked #20.....
GXJPZ Blog (gxjpzblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
After getting in trouble for doing a survey about suicide, Lucky tells us:
flashing around building. (Note: Star had plans to move their offices to
So last night, I decided to call my cousin who runs a hotel in Petaling Street, asking if I can booked her room for 1 night in order to be able to 'solve' the water issue. Sometimes, GOD has made pre-arrangement as my cousin's daughter attend the same childcare as Princess therefore I have less worry to rush from Petaling Street back to Taman Desa just to send Princess. My cousin's worker will do that for me, and Princess has a 'friend' to go to childcare together. At almost 10pm, I packed and drove to Petaling Street (didn't want to go early coz of the crowd along the street).
What Afro Leo would like to know is (i) whether anyone is undertaking a reliable and objective history of the Ethiopian coffee brand licensing programme(s) which gives due credit to all participants in it and (ii) whether the income from the licensing scheme is trickling down to the poverty-stricken coffee producers in any meaningful manner. Can readers please advise?
Given this powerful and all-prevailing predetermination to parent, the strongest likelihood must be that when the Europeans were confronted with societies which they viewed as socially juvenile, those parental emotions surged to the forefront.
“This shows Zulkifeli’s own bias. Like the Election Commission chief and deputy chief, he is now also speaking like an UMNO leader. This strengthens the case for an immediate revamp of the electoral system based on the Bersih recommendations,” PKR vice president Tian Chua told Malaysia Chronicle.
2. Let them know you chose them.
The passion of the newly formed Anglican Mission in North America for reaching “the unchurched and spiritually-disconnected,” evangelizing them, and enfolding them in new churches attracted me to that organization. My open sympathy for the AMiA would result in the demand for my resignations as the senior lay reader of the parish that I had helped to pioneer. I became involved in a short-lived attempt to plant an Anglican Mission church in my community. For a time I nurtured the idea of planting an Anglican Mission church myself.
Maurice Gartshore
He is pleased with
Bachmann said she never had taken a tax course, “never had a desire for it,” but “I was going to be faithful to what I felt God was calling me to do through my husband.” Later, when the opportunity to run for Congress arose, “my husband said, ‘You need to do this,’ and I wasn’t so sure.” She became sure two days later, after praying and fasting with her husband.
3 cups water
Sure, the claims were long, and they included a whole lot of limitations, but
Then there are those items that are currently popular and desired by that group of whatever we call ourselves. (collectors, crafters, DIYers) So when such an item presents itself for a good price, it is an automatic purchase. ($3 at St. Vincent de Paul was the right price.)
Basil Pesto:
The Republicans have often but to no avail offered up plans where the tax becomes flat meaning it is a lower rate for all but then there will be no loopholes or deductions. Actually this will bring in more money to the treasury in the long run. But the Democrats want something quick and flashy like an all you can eat buffet sign. Pick whichever group it is popular to beat up on and tax them. Tax them as much as you want, it’s all you can eat. No concern for the long term health of the economy, no concern whether it will have immediate effect, just tax what you want because you want it. Just like a buffet. And when you’re done at the all you can tax buffet, gorge yourself and clogging the arteries the of the economy (yes I know this metaphor is running too long I’m almost done) you can go and put a couple hundred million on Solyndra at Roulette wheel.
Here are how you can take small steps on the road to better health today:
4. How long have you been at it?
America faces the most critical juncture in its 229 year history. Indolent Americans sit on their Lazy Boy recliners wielding a remote while their country fractures before their eyes. It’s been slow for the past 30 years, but it’s quickening in every sector of our country.
And they must have been incredibly surprised when all of a sudden they see all these boats coming out of the storm right up to the beach (D-Day wasn't a nice day, it was very stormy and a lot of the allied forces were very sick on the crossing). Of course they immediately started firing and killing the 'enemy', but the Americans still managed to get themselves on top and in the end they succeeded in conquering the Germans in that area.
Smaller grants have been given to a variety of charities and organizations, including Habitat for Humanity, Fairleigh Dickinson University, and Madison Square Park.
Diaper Sprayer:
How to do it:
"Let me immediately say that the president is right because a month ago I was called by the community in Bishop Lavis. I went there and had a meeting with the school principals and the community.
I shared earlier that we decided to school Luke (2nd grade) and Ben (PreK) at home this year, so when I was getting breakfast on the table and the bus stopped and honked at the end of our driveway at 8:20 this morning my heart sunk and tears began to flow. The kids were getting dressed and making beds so they never saw it, but it literally brought me to my knees.
Looking on Google maps later on, it is clear. The future arrived in the shape of new apartment blocks. Efficient square blocks, with neat apartments tightly arranged around a central core, not a square metre wasted. They work to their own square and fair logic, and do not yield to the existing irregular pattern of streets and buildings.
Dear reader, this week we’re covering Points of View. As Hunger has covered in the first post, there are different Points of View (POV), and in fact, there are many people who experiment with the three ways of writing before finding one that easily fits them. Raven, in the second post of the week, has covered certain advantages and disadvantages of using a certain POV, and also encourages you to try out each style of writing to see which one would fit your novel/story best before committing to it.
The meetings between Kunda Guruji and my son are lovely to behold even though I used to feel a little left out and wistful initially.
In Slated, the plot is key. It’s an intelligent, sophisticated, thought-provoking, subtle yet sometimes disturbing story that is utterly believable and so well-conceived. The author references our current times of economic breakdown and civil unrest, and grounding it in our reality makes such a future world frighteningly believable. And at the heart of any good dystopian novel should be the sense that this imagined world is possible, that this could be our future. Some of the Teri Terry’s ideas are original and imaginative – the Levos for example, are a fantastic and frightening idea (but if you want to know what a Levo is you’ll have to read the book.)
Clearly this one is not a bar. But I can't just call it an oat 'cake' either, because that's something else as well! I wondered whether oat 'slices' could work, seeing as you cut a cake into slices - but putting it together with 'oat' still somehow makes it sound like a bar.
Old friend, why are you so shy?
The more you give,
Choosing the Right Commercial Flagpole
There were also some rather fantastical plot developments, so the story wasn’t entirely believable, but I was able to suspend disbelief enough for this not to bother me.
I used to engage a lot with others. I think I've hit a small bout of depression and I don't really know what to do with it. I'm doing incredible in some areas of my life but I feel out of touch with how to be a great mommy and that kind of consumes my thoughts lately. I lurk on blogs but don't comment so much anymore and spend huge amounts of time to do these elaborate manicures and then simply put the pictures up. I've lost the spirit.
Papers: SU Blushing Bride, Kaisercraft Chanteuse Collection DSP
Trust, respect and honor you bring
Salt Lake City, UT 84105
4 walls
and try not to give up on tophatter. it sucks a lot but if you can stay with it and devote the time it requires, its pretty great. IF you can stand the madness. so far so good. barely lol. i almost gave up a couple times, but… im glad i havent at current.
“All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting, and training in righteousness, so that the man of God may be thoroughly equipped for every good work.”
Power Pak- No more messy liquids or powders! Just toss 1 power pak, along with your detergent, into the washing machine while filling. (For high efficiency machines, place 1 pak directly into the drum before adding laundry) Doesn't get any easier than that, folks! Paks will dissolve quickly upon contact with water.
"Don’t Sweat. Don’t Laugh. Don’t draw attention to yourself. And most of all, whatever you do, do not fall in love with one of them.
1. A computer-automated method for rating or ranking patents or other intangible
Me: Oh OK (WTF!!! I was in the ER for 6 hrs in agony and they ignore what was obvious and didn’t even have the “gall” to pass on the results to my doctor.)
Here's the news from The Star:
Allison really was the perfect type of a girlfriend for Tom – funny, smart, cute as a button, inquisitiveness and definitely excellent when it came to countering vampire threats. In other words, why did she have to be only a one episode guest star? On the plus side, at least she actually survived the episode, so I can hope that at some point she does return and she and Tom give it a proper go.
Whisk together the flour, salt, and baking powder. Set aside.
“No, no, Esssstifff, you go ahead and vork out your two weeks, and on your last day ve vill have Champagne!”
I had begun taking piano lessons when I was 7 years old and in 6th grade, at 11 years old, I began playing the violin. I tried it because all of the neighbor girls older than me were in orchestra and it seemed to be the thing to do, at a certain age, in Grand Jct., CO. Plus, it didn’t look that hard. I took to the violin pretty well. In my last year of junior high, I was asked to walk to the high school from my school and participate in their orchestra class and play with them. By high school, when every serious violinist seemed to be upgrading their violin for a better one, that seemed like the thing for me to do too. I mentioned it to my parents. And true to form, just like everything else in my life, they came through for me.
I'm certainly not going to bore you with how proud I am of myself, and how exciting it is to be embarking on a new adventure in creativity.
Had cooked this sometime ago, its a simple dish that the Chinese love to eat for breakfast or supper. This dish has become so common in Singapore that you can find it almost everywhere. It can be considered as one of the popular local cuisine. There are 2 types of Fried Radish Cake, either the white or black version. The white version because it ‘s not spicy and did not have any dark sweet soya sauce in it while the black version has chili paste and dark sweet soya sauce added to it.
A parapsychologist seeking proof of the existence of the supernatural invites a select group of people to join him at the reputedly haunted Hill House. Once there, the group experience sinister events that not only threaten their sanity, but their very lives… Are these occurrences the result of a genuine haunting, or are they conjured by the unstable mind of one of the guests?
Anyway, I told the ladies on the Melange Team forum that I would post pictures of the terrible state that my art supply world is in. Typically, I used a table in the corner of the dining room to work and I stored supplies on one wall, plus in another corner. Well, we rearranged the dining room and moved all my supplies to one side and I was suddenly overwhelmed by chaos. That was six months ago and I haven't done a lick of artwork since.
Are there ads on the Blog, yup there are, does Mr. Creekmore promote his blog advertisers, he sure does, and rightly so. This man lives the life that he speaks about, the blog is one of his means of support and I commend him for being able to do that.
So now it's Saturday afternoon and I'm writing this for you all to read on Sunday. I'm totally knackered, but totally happy. There hasn't been much sleep this week. Even when I was able to get into bed at a reasonable hour, my brain was working in overdrive. But I now know that "The Next Curve: 2 One Act Plays" is truly up and running, and the next two weeks will be filled with wonderful performances and, I trust, happy and moved audiences. But you don't have to trust my biased opinion. The first review is in and it's a complete RAVE. Read it here! And then, if you can, come see it. Two more weeks full of evening performances and Saturday and Sunday matinees. I'll be there for most of them.
to some a chance to grow and stretch, to move out of ones safety zone and embrace the future...
I Kindly decline saying I have the authorities online, a kind inclined head is returned.
Now imagine going to your computer and deciding to “check out” (aka download) the latest Kesha “song” (again, why?). Now, under current United States law, without paying for it, this action is illegal. Just like the above faux-library scenario downloading music without paying for it deprives the artist and record label of money.
I will keep this card for his birthday..
it is nine thirty and i am showering in a silent
In relationships of all kinds, we practice diplomatic dishonesty in many different forms. Out of balance, diplomatic dishonesty becomes codependence, one of the most unhealthy types of controlling behavior, I think. It can also go out of balance in the other direction. I am no fan of radical honesty. I've seen people use that excuse to say the most hurtful things you can imagine. Part of being two-eyed means we can think before we speak. Well, we can, even though sometimes it's difficult. We can ask ourselves what we hope to accomplish by saying whatever it is that's tickling our throats, rattling the voicebox in its eagerness to get out. What I really dislike about radical honesty is the idea that we should never filter what we say. Should we say everything? To what end?
It's designed to be made from Rowan Summer Tweed and Kidsilk Haze held toogether, but I think it's good in Kidsilk Aura too and I have a few balls of light and dark grey which blink at me balefully from my stash from time to time. Actually, I don't think I've seen any of these on the
This is what is going on inside Libya by elements of the Islamic regime that have gained power in part due to NATO airstrikes and support. Sec. Clinton is taking a victory lap around the region and is aligning with the Devil himself.
It is also said that the best places in the world for Stag Do Fly Fishing is Tasmania and Gulf of Mexico and lots of people go there to have great experience of fly fishing. It has always been a lot of unidentified matters happen revolving fly fishing. Many fishermen are afraid to try this rewarding sport fishing because they have been told how difficult it is to learn. Fly fishing is a specialist approach to fishing. Fly fishing is different from bait casting or spin casting because fly fishing uses a weighted line to carry the nearly weightless bait forward when casting. Old-style fishing challenges are designed to have a nearly weightless line carried by weighted bait on the end.
I've been reading some magazine's recently in the name of research to identify some potential markets for my articles and I noticed that a lot of the magazines like personal accounts of events to fill their pages. Some pay a lot of money for these stories too. Then there are the magazines and newspapers who will pay for your account of your holidays and day trips. It can be quite a lucrative market and a way of getting published. Magazine's like Prima, Essentials, take a break and chat are hungry for real-life accounts and, in some of the magazines, it seems the gorier the stories are the better. You only have to see the headlines and titles of the stories to see the type of story they are after.
Well folks, there you have it in a nutshell (well almost). I hope this clarifies once and for all why this blog and the parent blog, Tia Mysoa, has been cautious not to push the Jewish issue and/or Jewish involvement with the satanic forces controlling this world. Besides, life is way too short for obsessions of this sort!
TAKE OUT WITH FULL CREDITS
Todays Armchair topic is Who are you, and How do you Armchair?
Self: “Well, it’s an easy way of identifying you. I don’t know your secret hopes and desires.” (audience laughter)
For reasons unknown to the lead characters, men were born more rarely in this society, and they were often sterile. "It was just the way things were in Duine, the way things had always been."
3 sterility
Reluctantly, because he had two chil­dren still in expensive universities and had just purchased a second home, Dr. Richter began to consider filing for dis­ability. After consulting with his wife, he contacted his agent who assured him that “all four policies provided lifetime bene­fits for disabilities resulting from illness.” Taking the agent at his word, Dr. Richter first did some financial calculations, fac­toring in the impact of his tax category and discovered that his benefits from all four policies would only replace about a third of his prior income.
When Violet discovers the body of a college girl killed by “the girlfriend collector” she is determined to solve the case. But now the serial killer is on the lookout for a new “relationship” and Violet may have caught his eye....
Reaching the top is always easy… staying there is the most challenging part !
Pokemon XD – Gale of Darkness (GC)
use the links here to monitor severe weather, as you know things can change at a moments notice — sometimes warnings/watches are issued far too late (if at all). While the NWS warnings/watches are very trustworthy, as past experience has shown, storms can cause major damage in areas that have little to no warning.
Below are some thoughts I’ve had about possible topics:
She: Yeah.
A race has been on for some time now between the two short-listed countries, South Africa and Australia, to determine which country will be hosting the core SKA site. The final decision will apparently be made sometime in April 2012. Jodrell Bank Observatory, near Manchester in the UK, was chosen in April 2011 to be the location for the SKA Project Office.
… because no one likes a liar…
It is likely that all the key problems of 2008 (insurgency, warlordism, narcotics, corruption, weak central government, interfering neighbours) will be clearly recognisable in 2018. Most of the difficulties highlighted in the 2009 and 2013 projections will still apply regarding the likely condition of Afghanistan’s security sector.
In 1953 however, Stolichnaya was introduced on the international trade show in Bern and received a gold medal, the first of many. In 1972, the PepsiCo company struck an agreement with the then government of the Soviet Union. The deal involved PepsiCo being granted exportation and Western marketing rights to Stolichnaya vodka in exchange for importation and Soviet marketing of Pepsi-Cola (This exchange led to Pepsi-Cola being the first foreign product sanctioned for sale in the U.S.S.R.).
I have made two kinds. One is on the sweet, orange flavored type (a lot like the classic sauce I have been making for years) and one is more savory. The savory one contains celery and onions but is still sweet and tangy. The orange flavored one is my favorite, I think. I reserve the right to change my mind! It contains chopped fruit, orange liquor and spices. They both sat in the refrigerator for a couple of days and the flavors improved quite a bit. The savory one did not taste that great the day after I made it and I almost threw it away. I am glad I didn't. It still has crunchy celery after several days which I didn't expect and it taste fabulous. It seems you taste the flavors separately when you taste either one of these recipes right after you make them. After they have been in the frig for a couple of days the flavors just seem to come together as one.
Well, it's time for my end of the year recap. 2011 was a very eventful year in my life, and now thanks to the new facebook timeline I have a convenient way to remember it all.
This is a slightly red amber color. And OH smell those hops. Flowery and citrusy nose with a great caramel malt backbone. Tasting it and OH WOW! Nice hops strength but no bite. Awesome. Nice plum and caramel on the back end of the tongue. It finishes uber-clean. Slight aftertaste of hops, 4 Star. There is some beady, and it is just plain super hoppy. It reminds me of the Sam Adams Imperial Pilsner.
Buttermilk - 2/3 cup.
Michael Jackson released his last studio album, Invincible on October 30, 2001. It was his first studio album in six year since the HIStory: Past, Present, and Future, Book I album. Only three singles were released from the album "You Rock My World," "Cry," and "Butterflies." Then there was a conflict between Michael and his label, Sony Music, which caused them to stop promoting the album. The album still managed to sell millions of copies, but was also considered a commercial failure compared to his previous album sells.
This is where we currently stand. Personally, I am both surprised and delighted that the situation vis-à-vis Islam is unraveling so quickly, in the Netherlands and elsewhere. I am also extremely heartened to note that a certain phenomenon that I wrote about in my essay, Pick a Tribe, Any Tribe, (Parts 1 and 2) is also starting to become visible in the Netherlands, to wit, the reemergence of tribalism in policy proposals. More specifically, I refer to Wilders’ suggestion that criminal immigrants should be deported. If my interpretation of this proposal is correct, then its importance cannot be overstated. Superficially nothing more than a robust response to imported violence and dysfunctionality, it in fact constitutes nothing less than a fundamental redefinition of what it means to be Dutch.
Does any of it really matter? What if…?
So for example, Nietzsche makes a big point out of the ‘threat’ that the oppressed pose to the oppressors. In his terms, the threat is that by ‘imposing themselves on the consciences’ of the ruling class, they will destroy their ability to take joy in life (the poor darlings!) – they will ‘contaminate’ the rulers with their suffering. This cannot be allowed, because, according to Nietzsche, it is these strong happy beautiful people who will do all great works and create all human progress.
I started to calculate the date I knew I should start, and going by my past cycles where I'd ovulated on my own I knew I should start on January 10th. So, closer and closer to that day I started wondering. My body was doing some straaaaaannnngggeeee things. Again, I said "No way, Ashlee. It's just all the extra progesterone." And I truly believed the little voice in my head that said it. Until I was late.
18. Where would you retire to? Riverfront property in the Texas Hill Country
"Don't be long".
“Christ was the Centerpiece.”
deprived of its tomfoolery.
The landscaping was designed to incorporate a large wetlands feature to contain the water seeping out from the rock underlay and this supply an ample source for irrigation of the extensive property.
Interviewer: How should a homosexual or a lesbian be punished? We mentioned the story of the people of Sodom and how Allah punished them, but how should someone who commits this abomination be punished today?
Just want to wish you all a wonderful Holiday Weekend.
Bag / Shoes: Same as above
I want to see a dystopian film that shows a green and pleasant land, a society in which everyone more or less gets what they want and the price of freedom seems cheap. One in which I would be tempted to collaborate. (Oh, right. More like the one we already live in... but I digress.)
So, Happy Thanksgiving! Knowing how dark this world can be, I hope that you can find some little light in your life to be thankful for!
People, or the atheists, that love to deny that God exists are probably more tormented in their souls than the person that just doesn’t know or have an understanding for who God is yet and I’ve noticed a pattern with atheists. And the pattern goes something like this~
Do not be afraid, they said, “Because today in the town of David, Christ the Savior has been born.” The sound of music filled the air as the great angels spoke, “Glory to the Lord, the great news of joy that will be for the people to adorn.”
I'm a little later than expected with the update from April's Finish Or Frog Along. I do hope you'll forgive me. Or at the very least - once you've seen some deliciously beady photographs - completely forget about my tardiness!
It wasn’t long before it happened again. Only a few short days later. She sat, once again, by her open bedroom window, listening. Through the screaming and the yelling and all the noise, she could feel that something was off. She could not pin-point what it was, but she could feel it. Tonight was not like the other nights. Then she heard it. The sound sent shivers down her spine, fear to her heart, and tears to her eyes. She had unmistakably heard a gunshot.
So, in short, I want to see more of this:
Los Angeles! Plan your weekend around this awesome bake sale!!!
“How about that? What if we are attacked?” Jack said.
Who knows how we’d changed the world in a single day. People who would stop to listen often changed their minds about us, about them — all the humans in the boat. But the ones shunning our display — those are the ones who will be faced with the choice.
You're gonna have to serve somebody
WARNING! THE FOLLOWING MAY BE CHRONOLOGICALLY INACCURATE DUE TO MY TERRIBLE MEMORY!
I think often, we (with myself definitely included in that 'we'), get lazy. We get wrapped up in our own lives and our own troubles and we forget to serve others.
Vyasa has organised the other manDalAs by RSIs and their descendants.
I'll show you some of the fun details in my Sorbet Shop. Notice the floor sticker in this photo. I had it made with pink and white stripes in the background.
Thanks so much for including me on YA Authors Café!
Charlie told me that the O’Ryans were living in Chatsworth in the late 1970s and had what seemed to be a charmed and glamorous and wonderful California dream.
Olive oil for garnish
*to reposition our brand
Wednesday was officially my last day of school and my last final; I was up nice and early to study since it was at 7:50am. It was also the day my sister had to defend her thesis and I was lucky enough to go watch all of her dedication and hard work pay off– she did an awesome job! Afterwards, we decided we needed to celebrate, true ISU style, and head over to The Pub. At 2:45pm. It was all downhill from there.
an $8.98 shoe organizer from Walmart.
images is the town the story takes place in. I modeled it after the town I grew up in. It's small, quaint, and there are a lot of farms. Nothing ever happened there either. My parents never locked our front door, EVER. And I could play outside at night without my parents ever worrying. I also put a little bit of myself in Ellory. I was pretty rebellious as a teen and I can remember sneaking out my best friend's bedroom window, running through a field full of soybeans, to her boyfriend's car while he waited for us on the street. Lastly, the scene where Ellory talks about her grandfather jumping from the car. That's true. That was my grandpa. He hopped out of a moving vehicle after seeing my grandma
Actually, Ladakh has more in common with Tibetthan Kashmir, or for that matter India. It is not called, Little Tibet for nothing.
To make the background for the page, I applied Cyan and Limited Edition Ocean pigment inks to a 12" x 12" smooth white cardstock (Bazzill) using the Colorbox blending tool and foam applicators.
This is one side of my little box. I have used Basic Grey Element Sticker around the box over the top of some ribbon.
I am one of those people who has a very strong intuitive sense. Some would say that I am “psychic”, and that is probably true. Honestly, I believe that intuition is a skill that we all have the capacity for, particularly if we study or practice to sharpen it, it is not dissimilar from any other ability we wish to feed, enhance or gain some mastery in. Some people just are a little more well-endowed to begin with – and I think I fall into that category. In my life, I go through periods when I am more or less “in-touch” with or listening to this part of myself. And the simple truth is – the more I follow my gut and use my intuition to make choices and decisions – the greater is my sense of life satisfaction. Sometimes though, I resist, and follow some other chain of logic and reason which my overly active mind has mapped out for me. Though this doesn’t mean I will walk into a disaster, I typically never have that same sense of “rightness” about these choices and will eventually change course to what I “know” I should have done in the first place.
So that was the first batch. This time around I couldn't get enough of the Centennial hops I wanted, so used a half-ounce of Magnum at the start of the 60-minute boil and three ounces of Sterling and the remaining half-ounce of Magnum at 15 minutes left in the boil. I also split the addition of the malt extract, adding three pounds of dry at the start and the liquid 45 minutes into the boil. All the of extract was the same: Briess Pilsner. Before starting the boil, I filled the fermenter with six gallons of water combined with one crushed campden tablet to counteract the chlorine in my tap water. I let this mixture sit a minute, then I poured three gallons into the brew kettle and left three in the fermenter. My mini-mash included one pound of Victory and a half pound each of Carafa I and brown malt in bag for 15 minutes. The mash temp got a little high (160 F), but I'm not going to worry about it. What's done is done. I actually had to restart the boil when I added the second half of the malt extract. I immersed my wort chiller for the final two minuets of the boil to sanitize it, then let the beer cool for 30 minutes. I added Irish moss at 13-15 minutes left in the boil and I cooled the wort for 30 minutes, poured into the awaiting fermenter filled with the remaining water. I sprinkled one packet of S-05 yeast in a layer on top of the wort and let sit for 15 minutes in covered fermenter then mixed by agitating the fermenter bucket, added ferm lock and moved to space under counter in the corner of the kitchen. Here's to hoping this brown ale is as good or better than the previous one!
I knew I was on to something when I had to visit my “hometown” (Atlanta) a few days after my move. Traveling to the airport, I was a child being dragged inside from the playground. No! Don’t wanna!
Actually what is happening to us in South Africa right now cannot be described with words nor with pictures. It is so strange, so fantasti-gorical, so bizarre that outsiders would never understand it properly. Here was this exquisite, cultured and well-spoken woman who has accepted the fact that any life - also her life -- is not worth anything.
Chirima
This tart dough is very forgiving. You can screw it up and no one would ever know. You could use too little butter. No one cares about the size of your egg. It's amazing. If it's too wet or too dry, don't freak out. Just add a little more flour or water.
Fresh Ink Autographs
Here’s the code:
At the RWB I went past one tent that contained certain high ranking individuals who were conniving to undermine both the Party and the Chairman. (Indeed, some were kicked out of the Party later for being alleged infiltrators). They asked me to join them but I refused. The following day I informed the Chairman and said that we had to bring in a polygraph test to filter out infiltrators, for those at regional organiser level and above. (Remember that at this point, I had been sacked as the London Organiser). Some time earlier I had had a conversation with an ex SAS information officer who said that he would have been more than happy to carry them out at £1000 per test. Nicks’ reply was that it wasn’t practical at that time.
They began to scale the barriers around the pitch long before the final whistle blew. Six long years these fans had waited to see Juventus return to the pinnacle of Italian football, yet as time ticked down at Trieste’s Stadio Nereo Rocco the thought of having to delay festivities for even one more second was becoming too much. After all the false dawns, the setbacks, the controversies and the collapses since Calciopoli they just wanted it to be over. They wanted to celebrate a Scudetto once more.
100,000 Chinese troops on the U.S. border have mobilized, expecting this event and expecting to make their move onto U.S. soil at the request of President Obama and Secretary of State Hilary Clinton. Efforts by the White Hats will be amde to arrest them before they can make such a request and order.
I, personally would not mind if President Obama created a FDR style workers program for the unemployed labor of this country. I believe that it would be a great boon to the country. The country's infrastructure is falling apart and we have more than enough labor and more than enough need. America would benefit for the next 75 years if we upgraded and repaired our highways, levies and bridges alone.
I’m generally wary of journal-form novels, since I figure they are ripping off the sublime Adrian Mole, or even Bridget Jones. I can safely say that Aurélie’s brand of self-deprecating humour doesn’t approach that of either of these diarists. But for 11-year-olds, or those looking for innocuous feel-good fare, or to practise their French idioms, I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend this one.
I’ll be presenting a couple of times over the next few days but the one I enjoy the most is when I get to talk and share with other social studies teachers. Great conversations always break out about content and instructional strategies. This year I’m focusing on how 21st century skills, the Common Core, and technology can engage kids and improve learning.
for our knowledge to equal
I do. Well, I would. I want a big button inside my jacket that says “I’m mute-the cancer got me!” to flash after doing some over the top thing to convey my voice-lessness. If I can suprise one out of them, and mime laughter myself, I think I could skate by as a mute, and a no smoking message. A twofer.
*insert happy dance here*
If you click through to the product page, you'll see them in action on a loyal Artisan Socks customer's lovely legs.
But every now and then, the trough becomes a crest, and we get a chance to celebrate. I'm having one of those moments!
Produced at a time when the Golden Age of Japanese cinema was rapidly drawing to a close, Red Angel was utterly unlike anything that preceded it. The Japanese public’s hunger for entertainment after the defeat of 1945 was aided immeasurably by the fact that the studios, if not the cinemas, were still intact, and the industry did not as yet have to deal with competition from television. From 1945 to 1958, the number of movie theatres grew exponentially, from 845 to 7,067. The industry went from producing 69 films in 1946 to 215 in 1950, to 302 in 1953, to a peak of 555 in 1960, to drop to around 300 in 1980, 2/3 of which were erotic films. It was in the 1950s that Japanese movies began to achieve recognition in the West. In 1950, Kurosawa’s Rashōmon took the Academy Award for Best Foreign Film. Western audiences’ preference for exoticism, combined with the success of Rashomon, spurred Japanese studios on to emulate that formula. Consequently, many of the films that won prizes at festivals and reached a movie-going public were heavy in folklore, took place in rural settings and set in 19th century Japan. For decades the “holy trinity”– Ozu (Tokyo Story), Kurosawa (Seven Samurai) and Mizoguchi (Ugetsu), favored by certain intellectuals and film festivals the world over – tended to overshadow the work of other Japanese directors of the 1950s and 1960s. Nevertheless, a flourishing industry gave certain directors an artistic license they might not otherwise have enjoyed. Hence, in the 60s, Hiroshi Teshigahara’s Woman in the Dunes (1964) took the Special Jury Prize at the Cannes Film Festival, and was nominated for Best Director and Best Foreign Language Film Oscars. Masaki Kobayashi’s Kwaidan (1965) also picked up the Special Jury Prize at Cannes. As unique as these films are, there can be no denying the power of Masumura’s fiercely uncompromising portrait of wartime Japan, and his seeming disdain of entertainment for its own sake. If his intellectual independence earned him admirers, not a few detractors derided Masumura for working for the major studios.
1) Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spray 2 loaf pans.
“At any street corner we may meet a man who utters the frantic and blasphemous statement that he may be wrong. Every day one comes across somebody who says that of course his view may not be the right one. Of course his view must be the right one, or it is not his view. We are on the road to producing a race of men too mentally modest to believe in the multiplication table. We are in danger of seeing philosophers who doubt the law of gravity as being a mere fancy of their own. Scoffers of old time were too proud to be convinced; but these are too humble to be convinced. The meek do inherit the earth; but the modern skeptics are too meek even to claim their inheritance.”
Ladies, you must email me at americansue1@gmail.com to confirm your address and claim your prize! Thanks to everyone for leaving such amazing comments, I really appreciate them! All for now, Sue x
Silver Spring Patch seems to have realized that simply posting stories on their website and hoping people will stumble across them is not the most savvy internet strategy available in the year 2010. They have wisely established a presence on numerous alternate distribution channels, although whether or not they are using these channels to their full potential is definitely a subject for debate.
* Trainers for walking
The tornado spewed the rest of the mess onto the lawn Saturday morning, and after we made an entire $3.75 in six hours of yard selling (plus $75 for the dresser from someone who saw it on Craiglist), we loaded up the rest to take to Goodwill.
Not far from Lasur and Potul, in the weaving centres of Aurangabad, the wisps of cotton that stubbornly cling on to dark stems acreage after acreage, gathering the dust the wind deposits from its meandering about the Deccan, while showing little promise in the scalding sun are transformed into elegance, examples of which we were to see later at the Himroo Weaving Centre in Aurangabad.
In 1971 I went on a biking holiday in Holland and in Amsterdam I visited the Anne Frank House and Museum. It was amazing to see how true to the diary the Annexe was, especially Anne's narrow room with the film star photos still on the wall. My copy of the diary had fallen apart years before, so I took a new copy with me. As you can see, it was rather battered in my rucksack.
Interviewer: If we want to draw a relation between Egyptian national security, and Arab and Islamic national security…
not a thorn in sight,
What a fabulous way to start the day!!!
In the meantime, the weather has turned cold again and we’re back to heat? or air? The weather is weird this year.
For the cupcakes, Preheat the oven to 350 and line a muffin pan with cupcake liners.
Sam’s rating: 10/10
Rosemarie DeWitt (actor- Rachel Getting Married)
+33 4 90 92 34 49
1. Which book would you read when sitting next to a campfire, to keep your spirits up? Author Max Brooks wrote a handy little number which would make me feel so much better . . . “The Zombie Survival Guide; Complete protection From The Living Dead.”
There's been a lot of talk lately in the blogosphere about maintaining balance.
So what have I been doing with myself? Besides revising, that is. My friend D and I went to see the London Marathon last sunday, which I’ve been waiting for literally all year. I don’t know what I was expecting but it was a lot of this :
It’s the single biggest project made possible through the New York Works program, an initiative to create jobs while repairing the state’s infrastructure.
-Do not cut by any means the protective barbed wire fence, because it will be a hint to the enemy that you have been around. There will be a tree on your way, you can get through it even if space is tight.
$4.50 for adults and children ages 2-12. Children one year old and younger get in free.
And now I felt guilty. I was raised Catholic, and even through all the abuse, I still had a strong notion that I would go to hell for living with my boyfriend. So we took my refund from withdrawing from college, and used it to buy that lovely antique engagement ring. We just went and bought it. There was no proposal, no magical memories, it just happened. There, I bought my own ring, now we’re engaged – problem solved. I didn’t even tell anyone, I had no one to tell. I was so alone, my boyfriend had become the only person I ever saw or talked to. I spent my days sleeping, painting, or playing computer games while he went to classes and work. I spent my evenings walking along the river and using all my strength not to jump into it. I hated myself and my life.
I may have been slightly too consumed with my gray hairs (ok I was really consumed with work, kids, and other peoples baking) but I didn’t make myself a cake. I’ve dubbed these my belated birthday cupcakes; savory sweet red wine balsamic chocolate cupcakes. Phew, think that’s long? I shortened it from Red wine chocolate cupcakes with ricotta frosting, raspberries and a reduced red wine balsamic glaze!
The biggest gripe with the ending was how player choices didn’t matter at all, we didn’t get the varied endings based on how we played the games like we should have, and the endings themselves make no sense whatsoever. I can forgive player choices not being taken into account in the game such as saving or killing the Rachni Queen from the first Mass Effect or deciding to destroy or preserve the genophage cure from Mass Effect 2. I can even forgive not having 16 or more multiple endings in the same style as Dragon Age Origins. It could be budget reasons or time constraints, but the idea of having so many different endings to see at each different playthrough would have been insanely awesome. What I can’t forgive is the glaring plot holes in the game. Those are really hard to ignore. The ending does leave more questions rather than answers and closure. And for a game that has been labeled as the conclusion to Commander Shepard’s story in the Mass Effect universe, leaving more questions unanswered and lacking any real definitive sense of the end for a character you have loved for an entire series is sloppy and poor writing.
Sigh........I'm hoping I'm feeling better today :(
When privileged 17-year-old Jasmine gets kicked out of her house, she takes what is left of her savings and flees to Santa Cruz to pursue her dream of becoming a musician. Jasmine finds the ideal room in an oceanfront house, but she needs to convince the three guys living there that she's the perfect roommate and lead guitarist for their band, C-Side. Too bad she has major stage fright and the cute bassist doesn't think a spoiled girl from over the hill can hack it. . .
Sorry to keep you guys all in suspense. It was just a very hard day full of emotional surprises for me. Trust me when I say it has nothing to do with the sex of our child just paths I have walked down before that I had to face head on today.
This blog is not about hiding in fantasy worlds…this blog is about bringing the inspiration from the crisp pages of fantastical tales into the magnificent world we live in.
Depth: 84 km
Ugh. I’m home sick today. No bueno.
One of the things I've been thinking a lot about lately is expanding my skill set. I love to learn and am always excited to try something new. How about you? Is there something new you've been itching to try? To enter to win some Perfectly Perched, just leave me a comment here on this post and share something about something new you'd like to try. And it doesn't have to be sewing related (although my list of sewing skills to improve is certainly long!!)
In February, a court heard human traffickers were coaching adult asylum seekers to act like children to receive better treatment and more benefits.
It was Valentine's Day, and I loaded my car, very excited to make the presentation of what would assuredly come as an unexpected gift. I had not yet, however, made a decision whether to supplement the TV with flowers. I realized that my options were now very limited, and barring a purchase of inexpensive flowers from a green grocer, it was too late, particularly in Manhattan, to buy quality roses from a flower shop. From my story that morning:
The things my protagonist wants change depending what I throw at her. And yet all the other characters in the book DO have things they want badly --every one of them! Why can't I think of what she wants? Arrgh.
1. Smile, damn it! Regardless of how crappy my day might be going and how depressing the news is, I make myself smile. Even if it hurts. Make yourself smile. Fake it to make it, baby. Just as a frown is contagious, so is a smile. In fact, you might even force yourself to laugh at something. I did this morning. I was walking to the VocationVacations office and a truck was going by with its stereo playing loudly….the news was being read, “This is the worst recession since the Great Depression,” the news reporter said. I felt like I was in a movie. Did I just hear that correctly? Were those words really coming from a random truck just driving by? Why, yes there were. I smiled and chuckled to myself. Yes, times are surreal. Smile, Brian. Laugh. Fake it to make it.
Don't let the community end here. I hope to see all of you back at The Clarity of Night and on your own blogs. Link to each other and give your insights and gifts freely. If you'd like, I will definitely trade links and visit you on your own blogs.
I just want her to coexist peacefully with her gnomes. I'd hate for them to start getting mischievious again, showing up in unusual places, rummaging around in places they don't belong...
My mother sent me a newspaper clipping of this story:
I hope this post will not disappoint. Unlike the two preceding History Girls, I am not going to take my clothes off today, much as we all enjoyed Caroline Lawrence’s and H.M. Castor's historical stripteases. (Especially well done to Caroline for getting naked in her first line, and still being promiscuous in her last.)
The child is bathed, groomed, clad into fantastic clothes and some parents make them go through vigorous dance lessons. If the child happens to be a girl, the family sometimes chooses a boy to be her “date” and they perform a waltz together at the party.
Thanks for reading. Here are some pictures from the Joshua Tree run.
SUBJECT HISTORY:
Anthony McCarten’s debut novel, Spinners, won international acclaim, and was followed by The English Harem and the award winning Death of a Superhero, all three books being translated into many languages. McCarten has also written twelve stage plays, including the worldwide success Ladies’ Night, which won France’s Molière Prize, the Meilleure Pièce Comique, in 2001. Also a film-maker, he has thrice adapted his own plays or novels into feature films which he directed himself. He has another book out this year too: In The Absence Of Heroes—a sequel to Death of a Superhero—has been published by Random House in his native New Zealand.
1399 ***D-X/10/2001. “One Month Later: September 11 Further Considered.” Constitutional Law Course, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Part B-2.)
And yet, there's nothing slap-dash about his work. Nothing is phoned in. Gross was known to be a perfectionist and was truly, madly, deeply committed to his creativity. In fact, he was probably one of the hardest-working cartoonists and humorists of his generation. Gross not only made a continuous string of highly original Sunday and daily comics for over 30 years, but he also wrote very successful books, wrote and directed films and cartoons (well, just a couple but they are great), had a hit play, and turned out scores of articles and stories for various publications. He even wrote for Charlie Chaplin (The Circus). When he hit upon the idea of writing in Yiddish-drenched Jewish-American dialect, he created a whole new sub-type of comedy.
Trantellegra, which is written in a strong style, means a magic spell that makes people dance. It’s the lead track composed by Junsu.
Be Excellent, Expect the Best!
I am guilty of using words that bring people down, or talk negative. Unfortunately, my husband and children often get the brunt of this. God has been changing this in me over the years, and I am thankful for this scripture to remind me how important my control over my tongue is.
I ran across a great article on a fellow beer lover's blog. It deals with beer distribution and how it really hurts the little guy. Check it out and complete the survey, we need to join together to get the three tiered system changed.
A good sleep = a happy traveller. London’s Heathrow airport has nap beds in hidden alcoves. We should expand on that idea and have dedicated nap rooms with comfortable beds, light-blocking curtains, and soothing music. Plus there should be a concierge to wake us up so we don’t miss our flights.
I love your catalog. I have ordered several times. I have your sawhorse desk, several pictures, the Eiffel Tower thumbtacks, and am thinking of ordering the La Cigale et La Fourmi poem rug for my library, because I had to memorize that in French in college and can still recite it. You have great ideas on pulling everything all together. You stay current, Usually............. But I gotta ask- have you been shopping the flea markets in the Chicago area lately? Cause if so, you'd know you have some SERIOUS competition on pricing...and we had it BEFORE you.
One of the hardiest trees of all time though, has to be the Spathodea campanulata or African Tulip Tree. Out of shot in the photo above, to the right, there's a section where a mature Spathodea has been growing every since we moved in here. It was completely knocked over during Cyclone Yasi at the beginning of last year. It crashed through the fence over into our neighbour's yard, falling flat on the ground and exposing the root system.
And that’s why actually, I started to enjoy Art GCSE towards the end. You know, just a bit. I mean, nothing major. I’m not, like, gushing over it or anything…
“I am so clever that sometimes I don’t understand a single word of what I am saying.”
This now is the correct width but I need another 240 squares for completion.
David: I don't know any of those bands except Syd Barrett that I listened to maybe twice—I wasn't that into him—I might listen to it again if an LP was lying around the studio—I listed a bunch of influences above—& they were really LIVE stuff influences—watching D. Boon (minutemen) sing & jump up & down—just watching people play—in real time—like—shit—how do they play & sing at the same time—on record I listened to DESIRE by Bobby D a thousand times—& slow train coming—& Peter Tosh & Richard & Linda Thompson & rolling stones—Art Ensemble of Chicago & Cecil Taylor—monk, mingus & the Clash- tons of Glenn Gould bach piano solo stuff- & now I'm listening to the bach cello stuff & a little beethoven violin/piano sonatas—I listened to ziggy stardust (bowie) a bunch before making the last CD hoping that would leak in a bit—
Like as not,
“What are these rectangle things?” Hank asked, looking and pointing at the picture again.
The readings for June 22, 2010 are as follows: Numbers 16.20-35, Romans 4.1-12, Psalm 94, Matthew 19.23-20.
Now, having looked at the pre-Fall state and the consequences of the Fall, let us look more closely at how Christ restores man to the pre-Fall state and in fact beyond and above this state.
Moving on from the Focus compilation, the next prog record I bought was a single, Queen’s Bohemian Rhapsody. It wasn’t until I got a Saturday job, though, that I began to buy records in any quantity.
And when you try to cancel and/or demand a refund, you'll receive treatment as described by two folks who posted their experiences with the Ashford crowd on Complaint Wire:
Today is also a very special bloggers birthday. I'd like to say Happy Birthday to my friend Becca over at Everyday Life. Today is the big 40 for her and she's having a party. I'm making sure the bar is stocked too. So go on over, wish her a Happy Birthday and have a drink, grab some food and have some cake. It's going to be a blast.
One of my favorite Sunday brunch recipe is quiche. Last week I made them individual so I could freeze some for later.
I think it is time. And you know what? I am kind of excited. (Even if I hate to admit it)
On a practical level, arrangements on a wall rather than on tabletop surfaces keep the area clear of clutter and dust, making everything look cleaner. Ever notice what a huge difference it makes to a room to have the end/coffee tables cleared? On the other hand, a cluster of photos, if not well-placed, can make a room look cluttered, and I feel this is especially dangerous when you're dealing with tiny spaces like we are in our apartment.
I wish we lived closer and the transition could be slower, it would be a lot better on him.
literature does: leads your mind and heart on an odyssey into the lives of
* If your Little Diva wins one of the two Cover Model spots, you agree to submit at least 5-7 high resolution photographs to Little Diva Tutus within TWO (2) WEEKS of receiving your Little Diva Tutus outfit or dress. Since these photos will be used on the front page of our website NO watermarks may appear on the photos. Photo credit and a website link will be given on the front page of the website!
Hank III – Rebel Within
100% of proceeds from the sale of items showcased will go to Relay for Life.
A main thoroughfare in Brooklyn's Crown Heights neighborhood, an increasingly powerful magnet for recent college graduates and young professionals seeking affordable rent and access to mass transit, is undergoing a transformation. The bodegas, hair salons, and fast-food restaurants lining the section of Franklin Avenue that runs between Eastern Parkway and Atlantic Avenue, on the western boundary of Crown Heights, are slowly being replaced by organic markets, cafés, and
Does it make sense now?
"Yeah, that's it!"
Our teams have been formed and our passports are ready as we get set to travel on the Amazing Race this week! Spirit Week will look very different this year as Mrs. van’tSlot has incorporated ideas from this very popular reality show into our spirit week activities. Each day we will be “travelling” to a different country and be participating in a variety of events in the afternoon. Students should come to school dressed in clothes representing the various areas outlined below.
Courtesy of Kansas State University.
In a moment, the woman returns. How long? Did you drift off to sleep? She asks how you are feeling. You mumble something you think she wants to hear. She says it is time to see if you are ready. She repeats the instructions for using the slides and hands one to you. She asks you if you remember the video you just watched. Of course you do. You feel slightly defensive about the question. The woman asks you to focus only on your memory of the video while holding the slide just back of one ear.
So, Sweet Dodo, Sweet DO-DO, or Sweet DOO-DOO, the pronunciation is all up to you. The qualifications, however, are up to me. They are:
It is as dark as night with a rocky head that fades to a nice thin layer of foam that lasts till the end. Initially, it strikes you as a strong coffee stout with a medium heavy mouthfeel. Then you start realizing that there is a spiciness behind the roasty malts and all of that coffee. There is something I just couldn't put my finger on...till I remembered the coffee I used. It was a Christmas Blend coffee. Those spices are nutmeg and a touch of cinnamon. They are just so far in the background that I didn't realize what they were.
See the Northern Lights
“I had a great time tonight.”
Coincidentally, this would come to tie in with conversations we’ve had lately on an entirely unrelated subject or so one would think, her education. Up until the past several weeks she indicated upon graduating her intentions were to dive directly into her chosen profession, working at the drive-up window at Taco Bell. More recently, however, she seems to be leaning more toward hair stylist or esthetician. Personally, I have no issues as to what a person does, as long as they pursue doing something. Ideally it could be hoped that on some level it makes them happy (it is work after all), doesn’t require posting of bail, and provides a fairly decent living that has no cardboard sign involved. A bright and lovely girl, I’m sure her direction will become less muddied with a few more years under her belt. At fourteen I wanted to be a nurse, a psychic or an archaeologist and look at me now. Smile.
Our next appointment is September 22...BUT, we get to sneak in the free 3-D ultrasound in two weeks...so excited!
This was the only book I could think of for the letter V, although when I went to the library to check it out, I also found The Vile Village by Lemony Snicket. But I had been wanting to read this book since teaching Mixed-Up Files to my fourth graders and learning about the double Newbery that Konigsburg earned with this book.
Maggie might complain that Halloween isn't the same without the smell of burnt neeps, but as far as I'm concerned, it's a small price to pay to avoid a sprained wrist.
156 different beers could be tasted, (almost) all served in attractive tasting glasses. Admittedly, some were more interesting than others. My drinking tokens were spent on great new beers from Leireken, Contreras, De Halve Maan and even the American India Pale Ale-inspired Hop-It from Urthel. Somehow, another American beer promoted by Corsendonk did not really capture my interest, though I suppose you could use their Bud Light to cleanse the palate between the beers.
Smugglers Way is Domino and Ribbon's first ever limited edition zine made exclusively for Record Store Day (April 21st) featuring FIVE individual, multi-colored flexi discs of unreleased songs from Dirty Projectors, Real Estate, Cass McCombs, John Maus, and Villagers. The zine comprises 24 pages of original art and prose from Domino and Ribbon artists.
And then, of course, there is Italy. Yesterday, the Opposition there tried to force Berlusconi’s resignation, and failed. This morning, a new poll shows that only 1 in 5 of the electorate support the Prime Minister. Things must be really serious for Silvio the Swinger, because he’s put his latest album on hold. The idea of an album called Gordon Brown sings the same old Tune just popped into my head, I’ve no idea why. My take on this one is that Berlusconi has held back the release as a ploy to get his poll ratings up. Either way, the country’s bond yields are signalling that the market thinks Italy is speeding on its way towards Gumtree Gulch. (Spain’s costs also spiked yesterday).
Mat Zain also questioned how could a balanced and fair outcome of any of the panels or RCIs could be expected when the person making the final decision of the effort, is himself a subject of a tribunal or one who should have been charged for several serious criminal offences.
Frozen home made ready meals are way more awesome than horrid supermarket ready meals I think – I just don’t like them. Bleugh!
Any compromise will require entrenched elites to recognise that identity-based movements have been the driving force behind the demand for federalism. For them to be nostalgic about a unitary state, or hope that resource distribution can be the sole basis for configuring states, is to misread the impulse for recognition and self-rule among groups which have never had a stake in the power structure. Some leaders of the bigger parties have been toying with the idea of promulgating the constitution, but “postponing” the issue of federalism for now. This will be seen as a conspiracy to derail the federal project and invite a backlash from the Madhesis and the Janjatis.
GRADUATE SCHOOL
Brooklyn Decker – “Why do you have a wedding ring in your pocket? Are you married, you asshole?”
My gardens speak of her, with herbs and old roses and deep indigo lupine-late blooming this summer~the tangled potato & pumpkin patch and apples hanging from the trees down in the old orchard.
3rd Place: $2,000
Rafe discovers Lilith’s brothel is being run beneath a funeral home. The brothel is staffed by vampires. Caleb is a client and eventually becomes a vampire. He is part of an elaborate scheme to funnel the brothel money into the mega church scam operation at which Katherine works. There is also some wild bit about Lilith regaining her immortality. Katherine is kidnapped. Rafe eventually rescues her and destroys the operation with a squirt gun full of holy water. You think the two are going to live happily ever after, but Katherine has become a vampire who kills him in the end.
But perhaps the best feature of Etsy.com is the buyers. Plain Janes and Joes like you and me who are just so appreciative of your business! It's a great place to buy a gift for a friend or even start your own shop selling your art (whatever style it may be).
“What do you do if you like a person? Do you tell them?”
January also brings us a brand new challenge hostess who has created some super fun challenges for us all. Please welcome Lori Boyd as our January Hostess.
Scoop dessert spoons of mixture up and make into ball shapes and place on a greased baking tray when the tray is full slightly flatten the balls out with the back of the dessert spoon.
Furthermore, the Court firmly believes that the matter before it, being impressed with political color and involving a matter of public policy, may not be taken cognizance of by this Court without doing violence to the sacred principle of “Separation of Powers” of the three (3) co-equal branches of the Government.
Just about the only big news from the weekend is that I won $275 in a Super Bowl pool yesterday! That was exciting. I'm sure my winnings will all be spent on the individual pictured above..
pursuing something
It's funny because 61% of the state is willfully on the wrong side of history.
Pistacchio di Bronte (Pistacchio from Bronte Sicily)
Have a great weekend!
Political polemics, however, often seem to involve some sort of reference to an absolute, true-for-all-times Right and Wrong. One does suspect that phrases such as 'basic human rights' are presented as describing something other than the personal preferences of the utterer or the legislative provisions of some community. In the absence of a provident Deity the source of these 'rights' is somewhat mystical and it comes as little surprise when users of such talk are referred to derogatorily as 'moralistic'. The political Left appears to attract this epithet while the Right is 'practical' or pragmatic. On the issue of support for white South Africa, Mr Gorton, a former Australian Prime Minister and head of the conservative Liberal-Country Party coalition, was reported as saying: 'Australia will decide its actions purely on the criterion of practical self-interest. It will not be swayed by moral considerations . . . . (2). Mr B. A. Santamaria, perhaps Australia's foremost Right-wing political commentator (and a devout Roman Catholic), was reported as saying: 'Australia should base its diplomacy on the principle of effective control, not of moral judgments (3). On the American political scene the liberal Mr Ramsey Clark, former Attorney-General was described as follows by the political journalist Sam Lipski: 'It is clear that what attracts many liberals to Mr Clark is his moralism, and that what angers his opponents is their inability to accept the Clark gospel' (4). Also in the U.S.A., the editor of "Ramparts", the sensationalist Left-wing magazine is reported as having said: 'We look at things from a moral point of view. That's what the new politics is all about' (5). Speaking of the British Conservative party Feiling (1953) says: 'Indeed, if we called them the most unprincipled of all parties, in the sense that rigidity or exclusive principle has been alien to their manner of thinking, there would be a measure of truth in it.' (p. 130). The study of moralism per se is obviously then an enterprise of the greatest social relevance. For all that, the following comment by Eisenman remains true: 'A wealth of research has been done on children's moral judgments, with comparatively little research on moral values in older subjects' (Eisenman, 1970; p. 34).
It's our anniversary this month - this little fundraising blog has been going for a whole year and I can't quite believe it! You've all been wonderfully generous in this last 12 months and we're growing and gaining lots of lovely blog buddies along the way - thank you all!
Can there truly be love after death?
I will never again hear her sing “You are my son, Shaun, my only son, Shaun. You make me happy when skies are gray …” to my husband.
Today's offering of Portugese Custard Tarts come from my newest book purchase 'Recipes from my Mother for my Daughter' by Lisa Faulkner. I'm really enjoying this book, the recipes are quite simple and it's basically filled with things I actually want to eat.
LudzNL - mailing
Henry David
2 broke
5. Fun-sized Snickers? Who’s this fun for? Not me. I need six or seven of these babies in a row to start having fun. (Jeff Carlin)
A further distinction can be drawn regarding the purpose of the demonstrations. In most cases it is to protest, but in others it is to shut down. Marches in Washington, D.C. are generally the former; demonstrations at meetings of the WTO, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund are regularly the latter.
I’m sure there are many more “rules” for technetworking success and I’d love to hear what you’d add to my meager list. Please leave a comment with your suggestions. And if I’ve never met you, let’s start a conversation. (find me on Twitter or shoot me an email, bmollenkamp at me dot com) and see how well this technetworking thing really works.
The theme this month is "Mom's" and for my card, I wanted to show all Mom's....young & old, that life is short and you need to make the most of it while you can :) How appropriate was THIS stamp to show that message? :)
Memory box buckle
Here is what you will need:
Direct. II. Husbands and wives must live together. 1 Cor 7:2­5
And, mid-evening, Frank Sanazi texted to tell me that the comedians had lost by 69 runs – 209 to 140 – but that Bob Slayer had finished 31-not-out and was “now a comedy cricket legend, as he developed a batting style called ‘swatting’ in which he maniacally tried to bash every delivery like he was Zorro.”
Polling
It is mother’s influence during the crucial formative years that forms a child’s basic character.
A man came into the room to collect the ashes and I was assured the ashes would show up at the grave. Then Cely asked if he knew where the grave marker was, but he deferred to someone named Annette who we had not met and backed out of the room with the ashes.
And as I look upon your delicate face,
Completing the GIPI survey can be as quick and easy as you choose - potentially minutes if answering on a handful of jurisdictions and one IP right. This year the survey has a number of new features:
back down to your feet
She, like our Ninja host, is an author who holds out her hand to help others up this thorny ladder we’ve placed in front of ourselves.
This is why I love him.
So let's see what you all come up for this challenge!
The Black Hole carries a strong message about society’s greed, how it is our ultimate downfall. It shows a man in a mundane office job who stumbles upon a mysterious black hole while making photocopies. He realises the things he can do with the black hole, it begins with stealing a chocolate bar from a vending machine but it then leads to grand theft.
Sauteed pepperoni
Ability to prioritize when under pressure
If we look at the on going struggle as warriors, why shouldn’t we tire from battle? Traditionally those that chose warrior as a profession did so not just because it appeals to a need to do good, to protect those that cannot protect themselves, and a baser instinct to apply the force within ourselves to strike at those that do wrong, it was understood that this dangerous work had advantages. The righteous joy taken in the defeat of an enemy, the very things which they defended spread out for the taking, a time to celebrate with comrades all glorious in triumph, and the returning home as subject of honor and praise. Without these things, the warrior life can be a grim one.
~Each designer will commit to a 4 month term (May 2012-August 2012).
Bm F#m Em A7sus-a7
- Shittake Truffle
Minimum Knowledge Skills & Abilities:
Prep time: 15 minutes
1 resolved
And I surrender
3. Divide batter evenly among liners, filling about two-thirds full. Bake, rotating pan halfway through, until a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean, 17 to 20 minutes.
Josh's take wasn't an isolated one as the Broadway revival didn't come close to garnering the raves that the Paper Mill production did and didn't last long. The 2001 revival only garnered five Tony nominations and won zero. Perhaps one of the changes the Paper Mill version made that displeased the Goldmans was the swapping of one song, though I think Sondheim would find that more troublesome since he was the composer. What makes that silly is that it was a great switch. They took Phyllis' original good song "The Story of Lucy and Jessie" and replaced it with the fantastic "Ah, But Underneath." Sondheim writes in Finishing the Hat that for reasons he can't recall, he rewrote the "Loveland" sequence, where the four principal characters get their big solos, for the London premiere production and that's where "Ah, But Underneath" originated. He says in his book that while he probably wasted his time writing most of the other songs in the London version, "Ah, But Underneath" has proved a worthy substitution for "Lucy and Jessie" in some productions, so he didn't object. In the 2001 Broadway revival, "Lucy and Jessie" was back. I couldn't find a good YouTube copy of Alexis Smith singing "Lucy and Jessie" from the original or even one of Blythe Danner, so I've substituted Donna Murphy singing most of it at an 2007 Encores concert. After that, there is a good quality clip of Dee Hoty as Phyllis performing "Ah, But Underneath" in the Paper Mill production. You decide which is the better song. I don't think it's a contest.
If any of you have tried it feel free to leave a comment. I would be curious to get your feedback.
- illustrator
On the day when a Scot becomes leader of the Labour Party and the next PM on Wednesday – kilt wearing Scots are now going to have get a licence to wear their sporrans if they happen to have a sporran made out of dead animals. The BBC reports that sporran wearers are going to have “to prove that the animal was killed lawfully before they will be issued with a licence.” The maximum penalty for wearing an illegal sporran is fairly hefty – the usual £5000 and six months in prison.
Thank you for your co-operation – we hope this will only be a temporary situation.
Wishing everyone a blessed day!
All in all, the day went swimmingly (literally toward the end there...) and we all walked away pleased. I'm even more pleased to be able to bring you some info about each of these vendors in the next bit on the other blog (I know, back and forth, back and forth... I am getting confused as well) and will bring you a bit more of the story about each one. I went out of my way to try to find locals who use organic and sustainable business practices, and each one gave me a big smile. If I can do it in such a tiny town, so can you! Part of the process that falls under the sustainable category is that each is a local small business and / or artisan. Supporting the local arts and culture and helping them run a business from their craft while not cutting corners is really the way to go! It also means that you are probably working with awesome people :) Hope you enjoyed the process and the photos!
Amanpour: very bold of you to say George
I have decided that when we have our own house, these stunning bar stools are going on the top of the list!! I was browsing Frontgate.com and came across the "Sheldon" bar stool. Aren't they stunning!!! This is the description: 'Our Sheldon Bar Stool combines the natural look of woven sea grass with the comfort of a linen-upholstered and cushioned seat. Perfectly accented with handsome nail head trim. The exterior back is covered in natural woven sea grass, for island-inspired style.' I think that with the right back splash, and tile you could create a stunning bar with a BWI feel. I will dream about these bar stools at night...... don't judge me..!
A whispered hello, would have been forever
We do have a PERFECT wall for art, however, there is one little problem. Somehow, our thermostat was placed practically in the middle of that wall!
Gave the lustre of mid-day to objects below,
It wasn’t Irene who rushed to check if the old man was alright. She didn’t hear his faltering insistence that he was still in one piece, that he should have looked where he was going. She didn’t see the gentle care with which two equally aged men helped him back to his feet, nor the kind arm of reassurance one of them offered to the trembling wife.
No fight
We will be giving away prizes as well as vouchers to our online store. There will be a random winner but our design team panel will also help me pick the top 3 with links to the winners blogs. If you are interested in joining our design team please email me at info@hookedoncraft.com for more information.
O’Fallon Black Hemp
so They are annoying for me who always stayed so cool(maybe I was at a defiant age) lol
Unfortunately the health of O-Kame was feeble. Within less than two years after her marriage she was attacked by a disease, then prevalent in Tosa, and the best doctors were not able to cure her. Persons seized by this malady could not eat or drink; they remained constantly drowsy and languid, and troubled by strange fancies. And, in spite of constant care, O-Kame grew weaker and weaker, day by day, until it became evident, even to herself, that she was going to die.
I set out on my journey to this great musical outpost on a hazy Friday morning. I don’t think I really woke up for a couple hours, at which point I realized (right around when that I was hopelessly committed to an 8 hour drive with no idea where I was going to sleep beyond the one person tent in my trunk and a smelly purple sleeping bag. The drive was uneventful, and quite beautiful really. I was taking 81 South into the heartland, winding through Appalachia, occasionally passing a town that someone maybe at some point heard of (Roanoke). Skip forward to about 10 o’clock at night. I am feverishly trying to read my map to get my bearings while shooting along steep winding mountain roads and a distractingly beautiful full moon overhead and Dark Side of the Moon blasting way too loud through quiet sleeping towns in an attempt to keep myself acute. It was in this moment of frenetic confusion that switched on the radio. There was a freshman in college talking about how she missed her friends and family back at home on a Friday night, with the caustic radio personality clearly trying to distress the girl further. The radio person finally conceded that yes, this poor girl was allowed to feel emotion and sent her her condolences. And put on Carolina in my Mind. Everything worked out (though I realized the eerily abandoned RV Park I pitched my tent in was posted in the morning.
Adam is doing super well! He has been staying with family in Israel for the last 6 months. He will be coming back home to us very soon. When my Parents were alive Adam didn't get out much at all. My Parents were excellent parents but my Mom was so overprotective of Adam that he really didn't go very many places or even have a ABA program that he needed to go to. My Mom kinda just accepted Adam as he was which is wonderful but I could always see that he was capable of so much more. This young man has been doing very well visiting AND staying with family. Of course his home is here with the boys and I. Visiting family is his second home. He still loves to paint and is truly gifted at what he does. God blessed this young man with such beautiful talent. He's doing very well and has adjusted over the months. I'm happy that he can see the world and that he's learning to cope with changes so much better each day. Some days are rough but all in all I have to say he's doing great!
While the manual Jetta TDI is rated 30 mpg city, 41 mpg highway by the EPA for an average of 34 mpg, many owners are achieving comfortably more–an average of 43.5 mpg, on the fueleconomy.gov site, based on 16 vehicles. Some owners are even getting as much as 52 mpg.
Note: Fixed expired link on May 20, 2007
“Nobody can do this right now,” said Sean Tipton of the American Society for Reproductive Technology in the New York Daily News. “The truth is that we cannot (yet) reliably test embryos for eye color, hair color, skin tones and other ‘cosmetic’ features,” warned a statement from the Center for Human Reproduction, a fertility clinic. “It will still take years before all of this will become technically even feasible.”
Now, she meant that she needed her prints done for a background check, but she somehow managed to make it sound almost like she needed a test for drugs or STD's before she could start her job. How do some people manage to breathe??
Can't wait for next years party...I am already brainstorming what to bring!
This plant is also called “Devil’s Shoestrings,” which it gets not from the hairy two-inch long seed pods, but from the stringy root system. The stringy root mass makes an excellent soil binder that helps prevent erosion. Goat’s Rue is also known as “Virginia Tephrosia” and “Catgut.”
Chris Squire (Bass),
In spite of the blog title, this isn't a blog about literally chasing Wentworth Miller...or stalking him...or even trying to find out where he lives. There are enough people out there hunting him down...I'm sure he could use a break! :)
the Math High School 2011 valedictorian and today he gave me this letter:
Parenthood. We've waited so long for this, and although we have some frustrating moments, we're loving it! We're so blessed by this little life joining ours and we just pray that he feels the same way!
We may be living in challenging economic times. But that didn’t stop some “Lost” fans from spending $5,000 on a 12-pack of Dharma Initiative beer — or $16,000 for the door to the Swan station — during this weekend’s “Lost” auction.
Chris initially thought it was too small, but most pendants are pretty small. We got the 12 inch one instead of the 8 inch one. What do you think? Do you like the new look of it? It's much better than the gaping hole or rusted goldish thing that was there before, that's for sure!
But I am a crazy cat lady. CA-RAYZEE. Cat. Lady.
(See Wednesday screaming near the back of the boat there? Soooooo funny!)
January 24, 2012
A bolt from the blue, actually! It was the melding of two ideas that caught my imagination one day when I was stuck at home with a winter cold. I had just finished reading a book about labyrinths my dad had given me. I wondered: what if someone could be transported someplace upon reaching the centre of a labyrinth? And what if a person could enter one of the complex Renaissance paintings that had intrigued me since I was young? I put the two questions together: what if a labyrinth could transport someone into a painting? The ideas grew from there and I soon had the basic plot of THE BLACKHOPE ENIGMA.
Leaving New York and Pharmacy behind
I made a 35sec. instant noodle advertisement based on my life here. I made it with the intention have it noticed by the Nongshim company, so that I can have an unlimited supply of instant noodles. I'm having some trouble in getting their attention, so please help me make this video viral.
How the heck should I know?
So many dreams
Hope you're having a great week!
Grownup
Previous blogs have looked at EPR surround strategy and perennial business planning issues, such as whether to recruit staff to increase productivity in Theatres. Other blogs have considered the impact of Trust’s ingesting new services from local community providers.
Anyway, though, ACC, good to hear from you again. And yeah, I guess it makes sense that the Dragonmaw would be adopting the same flag-marking methods that we were originally using in Warsong Gulch. I’m actually kind of relieved that there’s some sense behind what they’re doing, considering how lately the Dragonmaw have been…um…kind of shaky in terms of how on top of things they seem to be.
And the sun’s gonna shine through the shadows when I go away.
There are even rumours of a British PR person who has photos on the walls of his private office of famous people caught in flagrante.
Bala Magaji Nasarawa, Kaduna state Commissioner of Police.
I had never heard of the band My Kings Ransom until I received their CD Draining Up The Ocean. And I am glad I received the CD and gave it more than one good listen.
So she is driving from Idaho to Wyoming again today to bring the right ones and pick up the wrong ones. Kid #3 puked his guts out on the way home. Fortunately, I was able to pull over in time. It started to snow on the way home. Lovely. I started to have a nasty hacking cough. I pulled something in my back. My dog ran off during the thunderstorm while I was gone. Bah humbug. Halloween, Go away.
So rather than view either of these blogs as a threat, I'm contributing to both! My flower designs for Quokka Quilts will be posted this Wednesday and I'll be teaching the Free Motion Quilting Challenge for May.
Talking about the killed industries, Mahir Erkan mentioned music industry. Actually it was not killed, but the way music in now distributed and ways of earning money changed. Today albums may be downloaded from internet for payment.
The Girl Who Fell From the Sky by Heidi W. Durrow. Chosen by Barbara Kingsolver for the Bellwether Prize for Fiction, "Durrow's powerful novel is poised to find a place among classic stories of the American experience." --Miami Herald. A Washington Post Best Novel of 2010!
"Man! I been locked up five years. He can't talk to me like that."
A miss is good as a.....Mr.
ED NOTE: While I bring a lot of my personal opinions into my journal posts and describe things as I see them, the intention of the Design posts is not the same. These posts will be written objectively from research and industry experience.
21. Stately, plump Buck Mulligan came from the stairhead, bearing a bowl of lather on which a mirror and a razor lay crossed. —James Joyce, Ulysses (1922)
Today's question: At least for today, your can't-live-without blog or website is... The following is the first of four posts to answer this question.
Empty 2 cans of sweetened condensed milk into a large microwave safe bowl. I used a very large Pyrex mixing bowl. It will overflow in anything smaller than a large bowl.
Over the next few days, I prayed over this new project that was burning a hole in my heart. It JUST might have taken over my every thought had we not had so much other stuff going on. By the time I returned home, I had 2 more projects ahead of this one. I am praising God that they have since been completed, even before I could process the 3 week trip and write a blog post about them!
