I didn't drink much in the evening session. Because of the incipient coach ride home. It took over an hour and, being a bus, there were no bogs. Just the thought of being caught short on the bus brought me out in a cold sweat. So, very, very unusually for me, I was moderate in my consumption.
Ps: We were really lucky with the weather. It was sunny all the way through.
What I have discovered is that I really love the kids.
Oblivious to the hounds circling upwind and panting, muscular, rump
These individuals will be working with the IT Department assisting on projects such as the 2020 Upgrade. A basic understanding of computer hardware and software is required. Some programming experience is desired.
I'm not totally sure how or why he learned these two letters, but he did. He can correctly identify an O most times, and an S sometimes. If you ask him what any other letter is, he will tell you S or O. So we're working on that ;)
“Festivus….the Holiday for the Rest of Us”
On Friday night it's Motorcycles on Main again. Head to downtown Mesa to check out the bikes, browse some shops, and have something to eat.
This plan indeed backfired for it was not according to the will of God. The product of this ill planned union was Ishmael and to this day the nations that sprang from Ishmael have been at war withIsrael. You see how much trouble the world would have been spared had Abraham and Sarah waited for the Lord rather than doing it their own way.
As with any community there was a group of unhappy homeowners who did not agree with the Happy Times Board decisions. They would complain about not being included in the decision making process. They believed that the Board was self serving. Generally, these folks were not happy with much of anything around Happy Times.
Wet Republic has Kendra Wilkinson making a guest appearance
Modern science casts substantial doubt on religion (p 37 of Chapter 2, Science and Hope):
One of the major advantages of providing a placement programme for students is the chance to find potential future employees. Having a student in on a placement year to work in real life scenarios will provide a much better insight than any interview can!
I also got a jacket, that I may return. It's wonderful, but big...I'll have Denise look at me in it before I decide. I should've ordered it a day earlier before they ran out of the size I should've gotten. Live and learn......
No Other Girl
What will follow is starvation, famine like never experienced in this country in the past 100 years. They'll kill for food, even steal your dogs for food. Without medicine, without doctors, nurses or hospitals disease will run rampant and kill thousands. There will be little or no food production, no electricity or fuel. Everything will grind to a complete halt.
Leroy Homer, 36, Marlton, N.J.
You don’t need to be like me and order from catalogues. You can go to your local nursery which is usually stocked up at this time of year with seeds and kits to get you started.
A friend and I spent 4 hours each, making flowers...funny how one starts off rather large then slowly managing to get smaller and smaller.
We headed to Casey's for dinner. The kids were in meltdown stages by this point, so our plan was to head back to the hotel. However, we could see Cinderella's castle from the window of the restaurant. The kids loved watching it change colors, so we headed over there when we were done eating. We arrived just in time to see the show, Dream Along with Mickey. The kids were enthralled, so we also stayed for the fireworks.
UPDATE: We now have a Flickr group (called MPB Men's Shirt Sew-Along) to share our project pics! To join, please email me at peterlappinnyc at gmail dot com.
12And I sent the hornet before you, driving out the two kings of the Amorites before you, not with your sword and your bow.
1 T. baking powder
Pillows make it comfy and battery operated lights brighten the dark space. She's got her books within reach, and a dry erase board nearby for special notes. Perfect little spot for a special little girl!
I would like to see a j-school class devoted entirely to digital journalism that included lessons in basic HTML, Web design, blogging with video and audio, putting your resume online and attracting people to your Web site, Twitter feed, Facebook, etc. Something I wish had been more ingrained in me is the important habit of keeping up with the latest media industry news. Being up to speed on the gadgets, apps, tech startups and media journalists of the moment is critical if you want to stand out and be ahead of the curve of new media.
Big Shot Die: Embosslits Beautiful Wings
When November hit, and I gave my mantel a Fall Facelift, I decided to switch out a few more things as well. Besides a little Halloween decor, I don't change much between Summer and Fall. The biggest decor transition comes around Christmas .... so Fall and Thanksgiving kind of get the shaft.
Here’s the close up of the colors, you have you separate rows with a browbone, eyelid, crease and definer shade. The left side is more your classic neutral palette, and the right has some sage colors and an amazing duo chrome brown. The texture of these shadows are buttery smooth, and their staying power is surprisingly long on their own! (especially the darker shades) I never get bored of this palette and am always impressed with the quality.
At 7:30 most weekday mornings, I stand alongside the fifty or sixty other people at the bus stop to wait for the popular route 117 to take me to my university. A bus pulls up, and from a distance we can already tell it’s packed. Four or five people are standing in between the door and the driver, and the windows that stretch the length of the bus are full of a sea of arms holding onto the ceiling handrails. But, if there is still room to open the door, the driver will usually do so and a crowd of people will immediately form in front of the door, everyone jostling to be one of the few to get on this bus. The 117 starts to pull away as the last lucky person pulls themselves up onto the steps, trying to squeeze far enough inside to allow the door to close behind them.
My current love is Peddlers Mall. All of these lovelies were less than $200!
What else? Oh yes, I can run without my lungs and heart feeling like they want to explode. I ran a mile without stopping, more than once which I could NEVER do. Bam.
who could blame us with two sets
long. It was bad for me to do this."
Yes, it's true. I jumped on that bandwagon. I saw. I "pinned". I made. This simple weeknight project added a little edge to the room that in just a few hours had gone from bedroom to master suite.
Well, it might not seem too much when you think of Bellybutton, but this name actually has an important....importance concerning the metaphysical plane that our world belongs to.
*You can use leftover rotisserie chicken, or bake raw chicken breasts on tin foil lined pan at 350 until center is no longer pink, or use leftover turkey at thanksgiving for a turkey pot pie.
Emma: Giffy, when I grow up I want to be a princess.
Premise: A child prodigy goes to extreme lengths to save his parents’ troubled marriage, which has imploded because of him.
(She’s a femme fatale)
MYTH: Spanking is not the same as hitting.
In this article we introduce the millis(); function and put it to use to create various timing examples. Please ensure you are running version 13 or upwards of the Arduino IDE.
And, yes, that's right, my walls are fucking purple. I've got another room where the walls and ceiling are black. I don't decorate - I defile!
Dallas, Texas (CNN) -- African-American workers at a Texas pipe factory endured a string of racial slurs and harassment and were targeted by their managers when they complained, federal investigators have determined.
Mass rage satisfied in that polite, casual, indirect way we love in this very modern world, all went on with their daily lives as if they hadn’t taken part in a written protest flash mob. The verdict was delivered, shame was doled out. The Lexus behaves himself now.
She has been published in Chicken Soup for the Soul: High School: The Real Deal and Chicken Soup for the Soul: Campus Chronicles. She has also enjoyed writing the So You Want ebook series for authors looking to establish their names online.
On Skärtorsdagen – sorry! Maundy Thursday - children in Sweden dress up as easter hags, or witches if you like.
I don't know if I have the energy to do too many more vacation days like that, but that was the perfect summer day with family!
It was also a nice way of doing this because everybody I love is now a part of this tattoo. My dearest friends and family members have all pitched in via Christmas gifts for this tattoo, so it’s like they are all a part of it. It makes me feel good, and I will think about them all every time I look in the mirror.
Hope you try Jamie's recipe..the store bought tart shells are just right he says..you do not need to make your own as I did.
well thank you for the compliment but obviously you dont see what is shoved tightly in my jeans.. Then she goes on to tell me she would like to get a boob lift, but if she did, the girls would be hoisted up and then she would definitely need a tummy tuck..
A few weeks earlier, 47-year-old Jeannie Stanley of nearby Albion, Ind., was arrested on the same charges of practicing midwifery without a license. That investigation reportedly led to authorities discovering Keeslar’s practice as well.
Without trying to choose sides, I would like to show you these image comparisations. Belgian brand Xandres has, next to their normal one, a wonderfull plussize line. Unlike other brands, the garnments have a different cut and model than the normal line, which is what plussize clothing is all about!
The metal "space ball" weighs 13 pounds (6 kilograms). It has a rough surface and appears to consist of two halves that were welded together, according to AFP.
When Adam and Eve disobeyed God in the Garden, it brought a wall/partition between man and God. It produced an embalance and seperation between the two. The bridge was destroyed. So what did it really mean when Adam and Eve sinned? It meant that every person, from that point on, goes to Hell. What was done, was done and God’s not going to compromise who He is, being a Holy God, just to save man. It had to be fixed the right way because if God breaks any part of His Law then He cease being God. God loves us so much that He had to figure out a way to reconcile Himself back to us.
Indians take life in the spirit of the flow of traffic. They know that the smooth flow can be halted, temporarily, at any point of time, for no valid reason. They have to bear the hiccups, monk like, and take the fast with the slow in their stride. They believe that ultimately the fate of man is already destined by his actions in past lives, and so the time it will take to reach office is also ordained and cannot be influenced by their best efforts. The bosses in the office also know this to be a fact, though they do sometimes act as if they were unaware of these basic tenets of life.
“Aye, sir,” Tanner looked down at the floor and interlaced his fingers. “When do you want us to go?”
Aditya Chakrabortty, spurred by a weekend he's just spent at a festival to celebrate the life of the Bengali artist and thinker Rabinfranath Tagore, writes an impassioned complaint about the lack of political dimension in the fiction being produced in the West today. Partly, he says, it's because 'economics and politics have been cordoned off from the rest of society: as stuff best left to the experts and careerists', an argument put forward by Zoe Williams not so long ago. More importantly he sees it as a matter of the logistics of the contemporary writing life:
Until, that is, we reached the finale of that piece, in which an inebriated Munnings launched a public tirade against modern art in general and Picasso in particular. Not for the only time in the programme, the excellent archive footage and recordings had more allure than the art. 'In Search of England' was the title of a book by bestselling interwar travel writer HV Morton (whose 'In Search of London' is still in print and one of the best books EVER on the city), and in the programme Dr Fox used the documentary-travelogue form to great effect.
and link them to your blog.
and choose landscape
Because I can assure you that my heart can only speak the truth
11. Flowers of Joy
Isn’t this true? Why should change happen if there is no reason for it? And what is the financial impact and the implications if change is essential and it does not happen?
Cheese: Sharp Blue, Strong Cheddar, PepperJack
-Dangerous viral mutations from antibiotic overuse eliminated
If removing from the freezer allow about 20 minutes for the cake ballls to defrost. Pick up balls and individually roll in the palm of your hand to make a round smooth ball.
Curious to find out more? Come check out this interactive workshop and walk away with dynamic tools to integrate in your practice, whether it be in the office or on the stage!
The more sites you visit, the more indepth a profile of the kinds of things you are interested in is built up. So ads are then targetted at you based on your web-visiting activities.
The doorman looks over suspiciously. Fortunately, someone gets up and gestures back – clearly Ian Hays, the man himself -so the doorman nods reluctantly.
And when visiting Orkney, whilst in conversation with lanky Osie Fea – and his even lankier wife – Thomson is distracted by “a weird and mournful sound”:
Some people can probably just remember prices in their head, but it's good for me to write it down! If it sounds like too much work, I'd recommend starting a little Price Book with the 10-20 items you buy most frequently. Or perhaps you have found other good ways to track prices?
Always hard to venture into unknown.
Students from all areas of study are encouraged to apply to the Comparative History of Ideas fall program in the Philippines and Hawai’i. This program will explore the ways that knowledge production in the Philippines and the Filipino diaspora is and has been shaped by colonialism. This will require students to consider both contemporary educational, social and political organizations, but also to reflect on American identities and the idea of “American Exceptionalism”. The program will begin with a week in Hawai’i – a common stopover for flights to the Philippines, and also a historic waypoint for Filipino migration to the United States. Next, students will travel to Manila, where they will reside at University of the Philippines dormitories and learn from local academics and community organizations.
Well, that’s not going to do it either, I thought. And I punched the shelter phone number.
But back home in Australia, Xenophone backs the Australian Greens-initiated legislation in the Senate to clear the way for same-sex marriage. Xenophone was also clear in his support for civil unions for same-sex couples and supported calls for a debate on the issue
Temple Newsam
For the SHOW show, we moseyed downstairs to push ourselves into the madding crowd. Madding it was, too; it was SOLD OUT. We were packed in like middle-aged sardines. I was thankful for the brief shower I had taken before leaving, and glad that my sense of smell is poor enough that I couldn't detect if anyone else had neglected to do so.
For instance, you could buy a new car. But will it be BMW or Batmobile. You could spend it all on comic books or open your own comic book store. Maybe buy an awesome home theatre and all the movies you could watch in a lifetime. Or fund an indie movie or web series and leave your own mark on the entertainment world.
But, as I said, last night was different. The slide night was being presented by The Beer Ambassadors.
Now pass a freaking massive electromagnetic field through a circuit that is not able to handle the current and you've got some real problems. Think computers where the most common load on a circuit is 5 volts and no more than 12. Think automobiles, satellites, electric bulbs, DVD players, surveillance cameras, the electrical circuits in airplanes and ships, GPS, cellphones, telephone wires and transformers. Consider the circuits in your house, the circuits in hospitals, the circuits in schools, police stations, prisons, supermarkets, gas stations, water supply systems, air traffic controllers, ground vehicle traffic controllers ... not to get all breathless about it, but it can be a BFD.
Douglucas Williamsberg
I made these for a friend who was having twins, a boy and a girl. I used two skeins of thick, chunky, soft yarn for each blanket. They are just a big granny square. I had originally planned to make smaller squares and join them together but because the yarn was so thick, it looked better as a giant granny, instead of a bunch of little ones.
It was African North Americans who took up the task of confronting and organising against racism, who through weal and woe, trial and tribulation, carried on -- and still carry on -- the battle for equal rights and dignity. Those whites who did, and do, make significant contributions gave, and give, their solidarity in response.
From the opening sequence and from some statements Ibáñez Serrador has made, it's obvious that part of his intention is to make us realize how hypocritical we adults can be about the killing of children -- most people believe it is absolutely wrong to kill children, but in war children are "collateral damage" and even in peacetime millions of children die from easily-preventable illnesses, so obviously we don't really believe it's unforgiveable to kill them. In Who Can Kill a Child, the childrens' behavior is never definitively explained, but there's some talk of evolution and adaptation, and in an interview on the DVD, Ibáñez Serrador seems to indicate that, for him, the explanation is that the children have realized (subconsciously, maybe even genetically) that the biggest threats to their existence are adults, and so they are wiping out the threat. From the opening sequence, Ibáñez Serrador seems to want us to understand that it is in some way or another understandable that children should want to kill adults, since adults kill them so wantonly.
Have bowled me over, my love
Civil-rights attorney Norman Siegel said the results of the probe should be made public.
Creative grandparents find new ways to love and enjoy their grandchildren at every age and stage of their lives. They know them intimately, what they are thinking and dreaming, their fears and struggles. They know when to talk and when to listen. They have the awesome privilege of watching their grandchildren become all they will be. This kind of close relationship imparts profound joy but also carries a weight and confers responsibility. In return for getting to be part of their lives, grandparents have a responsibility to be available, to be accepting, and to love unconditionally.
Grass in the back yard is drying up, don’t want to waste the well for back yard. Saving it for the garden and drinking and can’t forget, washing clothes. I have no sign of it drying up, just know that over the last 3 years we haven’t gotten near the rain we should have. Last year if memory serves me, we’re 18″ low, the year before was closer to 24″ low. This year we’re a very little ahead of where we’d normally be, however this year has just started. And we’re already not getting rain for the crops. Corn and beans can’t germinate without a rain, then if we don’t get enough rain they’ll die even if they come up. So we’re waiting to see how things go this year.
I hope you all had a lovely weekend I was busy helping my mum in the garden then doing some crafting which we had fun with.
Jesus, you know when you're looking below
So go ahead. Ask away. ANYTHING. I'll even start you off with the answer to a recently emailed question:
The people that Amanda Marcotte should be going after are actually the doctor’s who staff the American Pregnancy Associate or the other medical organizations that have decided that gestational age is the most fool-proof way to calculate the age of the fetus.
I saw a tweep (a Ghanaian "twitterer") wondering why after so many years since independence, why is it that Ghana boasts of only ONE major cinema -- read SILVERBIRD at Accra Mall, which rates are rather prohibitive to boot!
* If you aren't the one lining up the panel, confirming the speakers, prepping the panel, creating the content, writing the talking points, herding the participants, testing the A/V, editing the presentations, collecting all the materials, calling the hotel and reviewing catering, room set up, registration capacity and so on, don't ask why someone wants to end the day in blessed silence on the train (in the bar car) rather than inside a car with you back to the city.
7.- Porcelain - Produced by Tonedeff
most disturbing and perplexing songs is "Get Out Of My House" off
About American Girl
Impressions de voyage: En Suisse (Travel Impressions: In Switzerland, 1834)
Track 4 - Ravishing Marilyn ( Behind The Green Door )
An example my old pastor used to give was attending church is like a fire pit. If you take an ember out of the fire, it burns for a while before it goes out. But if you keep it in the fire, then it will keep burning. Meeting with our fellow Christians, breaking bread to remind us of the sacrifice Jesus made and devoting ourselves to the teaching of the bible will help us persevere when times are tough.
November 25th I faxed my lawyer a list of my expenses as he'd requested. My costs incurred while their approval for financing had taken place were at $11K plus my legal expenses.
‘In him was life, and that life was the light of men’ John 1.4 NIV.
With the wedding postponement and her father’s failure, the main character is not looking forward to another challenge in her life right now, yet he comes into the picture anyway.
As you can see the site, is very relevant to Scottish design and the Catholic Church, still an influential organisation within Scotland. It is still possible to see the inherent beauty in the design, for GKC to have been so bold with the understanding of form and shape is something to be commended.
The same goes for (herewith just another random example) tuning in to view a BBC video news feed off their site. Sorry chaps… I do NOT want to watch thirty or even fifteen seconds of advertising before I get to the news item in question.
Kylemoore Abbey, Ireland. We took a bus tour up to the north western section of the country. This abbey was used as a private girls school up until last year. It was beautiful but the Victorian gardens and the view were the best parts of the location.
When Gin presents Hotaru with his mask, it does not represent a symbol of his love or a farewell gift, but an exact transition – the point Gin stops existing as a spirit, and becomes the human he has always been. The moment past finally catches up to the present, the moment he and Hotaru can finally walk as equals, meeting in their own feelings. When Gin can be looked at as a human, and Hotaru, as a woman. And in that alone, they touch.
Genre: Fantasy, Standalone
This afternoon after my Annual Physical with Mendez, involving much hilarity and trading of insults, I went over and bought 5 more yards of the interlock, this time in white. I'm washing it now with a little bleach and then will dye some of it pink + fuchsia, and then I'm going to start thinking of all the other possibilities. Book #3 has instructions for a really simple poncho--just a length of fabric with one seam--and I'm making one out of the blue. I'll wear it and test it and see what tweaks it needs, and then I can begin thinking of the embellishments I want to do. Stitching. Beading. Writing? Stamping text? I have no idea--I don't know what I want to try, but I think it will be perfect: I'm always cold and always carry something with me in the summer to put on whenever I go into a store or office. Making a bunch of these in all sorts of variations would be perfect.
Friday, August 13-Owl Be There
And I used to feel that this was a huge benefit of going to writers’ conferences. That even if I didn’t meet someone there, that the writing community is small, and that by going, I’d be spreading goodwill and building my reputation as an agent. I feel, to a large extent, that Twitter and blogging, etc. do take care of that role, to the point where authors can learn a lot about an agent from their online presence (or lack thereof), and interact directly with them.
What are we supposed to make of that? The possibilities are more terrifying than endless, but thus far in 2011, S&P has awarded AAAs to more than $36 billion of securities in America. Equally mind-boggling is that these loaded guns were created by bankers who continue to gather thousands of loans, bundle them into bonds of varying risk…..and then pay ratings firms a fee to assign credit rankings. Pretty much as they did in the fat years leading up to the near-disaster of 2008.
There have been numerous studies indicating the healing power of nature. It is in fact our increased exposure to artificial environment and decreased contact with the natural surroundings that has led to the deterioration of our well-being and increased level of stress in our lives.
We can do great things.
I understand if someone who donated money is concerned with my use of it. I may not agree, but I understand. I'm sorry if I came off sounding nasty. That wasn't my intent. I'm just tired. So tired. Like my title - I'm drained. I don't know how much more I can handle without slipping under. I hope I didn't make anyone mad.
GLOB - GLOB specializes in botanically crafted paints made from fruits, vegetables, flowers and spices with natural food-grade ingredients and organic extracts. GLOB arts and crafts products are sourced from natural, recyclable and biodegradable materials.
Rufus has all the talent to go experimental, and as a listener I enjoy his variety in music growing each day, with this album marking another colour in his wide spectrum. If this is Rufus ‘out of the game’, then I say Rufus you may as well never come out of the game…
Malema’s survival is due almost entirely to his nuanced capacity for populism, based in a largely illiterate, disenfranchised and loyal black populace. Whether this constitutes taking advantage of others or just ordinary politics is a matter of opinion. But he appears to have enriched himself far more substantially than any of those who have kept at the top of the ANC Youth League pile.
Sadie is also not above stealing candy from babies. This makes babies cry. She swooped in for the score with my neighbor’s two-year old and stole a small slice of pizza. Every time this little girl sees Sadie, she says “Bad doggy stole my pizza” and becomes protective of whatever she is holding. Her mother told me that she talks in her sleep, and occasionally will talk about the bad doggy. If I have enough warning, Sadie goes outside when children eat.
In a defamation or libel case, the injury relates to damage to reputation. Has the repute of the person been lowered amongst right thinking people?
"Then who am I going to marry?" he asked, sounding really distressed.
IN CONCLUSION
Eddie Leroy Anderson of Craigmont, Idaho, is a retired logger, a former science teacher and now a federal criminal thanks to his arrowhead-collecting hobby...OverCriminalized.com
I used bazzil card-stock and the DP from Tim Holtz Vintage Shabby paper stack.
Deloitte. Illicit trade of tobacco in Australia. February 2011. Sydney: Prepared for British American Tobacco Australia Limited, Philip Morris Limited and Imperial Tobacco Australia Limited, 2011.
* If you could make a wishlist of things you’d like to find in your submission inbox, what would it include? And do you have any favourite genres?
Do involve other family members; Don’t put the person with Alzheimer’s on the spot.
The word Byron and Bryon get mixed up somewhere. I have my paper notes from that session (and I may scan and add them here) ant they clearly read BYRON. So, she said Bryon, and I wrote down Byron. I typed BYRON into google as a way to search out what it might mean, so it was me that made the curious switch-a-roo with the two letters. What this means, I have no idea.
Foo Kim Meng (45 years old): Hotel 81 at 4pm.
So, again, into a box it goes. I’ll clean it when we unpack it.
And... Charlie got... a sword. A sword.
10. eating
Beth said that many commentaries take that portion where it says, “how he was related to her”. And ponder if it was not more than just “he’s my uncle” but more like “this is what he means to me”.
And yet…
David Nied was drafted from the Braves with the 1st pick in the 1992 Expansion Draft. While he never lived up to the lofty standard of a first pick overall, Nied had a somewhat serviceable career in purple. In 4 seasons with the Rockies, Nied had a record of 14-18 with a 5.47 ERA and 127 strikeouts. Following the 1996 season, Nied left the Rockies via free agency and joined Cincinnati but never made the team.
For my project, I created this simple and easy Spring like Card. I created this card using paper from the Lawn Fawn Paper collection which has some great Spring paper. Then, I wrapped around the bottom with American Craft Ribbon. For my embellishments, I used the sayings and flower chipboard from the DCWV brand. To purchase the paper and ribbon used, please visit the Ginger Snap Scraps Store. They have a great collection. If you like these items, please head to Ginger Snaps Scraps Online store by clicking here.
The candy will run till May 1st and it closes at 11:00 pm Central time, ALL WELCOME!!!!! :)
Family meetings. I have to say that it was a great meeting. I got some insight into things my kids are interested in and the family had a chance to address the family dynamic in a non-confrontational way.
For me, the book was just meh. Plot line was rather formulaic and predictable. And there was very little character development. I loved the author’s use of descriptive language, though.It kept me engaged despite the stuff I didn’t care for.
1. Predestined soulmates. We want to be loved for our intelligence, charm, and personality. Do we honestly want love to be based on some supernatural and irresistible compulsion? Apparently many people do. This is one of the most popular cliches in paranormal romance. I'm guilty of using this one on a few occasions.
Additionally, THE DILLINGER ESCAPE PLAN track “Milk Lizard”, taken from their brand new album Ire Works, is currently available for download as part of the Van’s Warped Tour ’08 digital sampler, presented by Monster Energy. To download “Milk Lizard”, as well as 25+ additional tracks from artists on this year’s Warped Tour, please visit WarpedTour.MonsterEnergy.com.
Tucker's opened in 2011. The restaurant itself reminded Kyle and I both of something similar to a Five Guys or In and Out burger. There aren't a terrible lot of options on the menu, but you can get a single or double burger, with or without cheese, a simple salad, fries, and hand-dipped shakes. Kyle and I each got a single-burger, one with cheese and one without (care to guess who had cheese on their burger?). Our burgers were made-to-order with the fixings each of us like and, of course, onions. We also got an order of fries and a vanilla shake. Yum, yum, double yum.
A spokesperson for the Kinkade family said the artist died at home in Los Gatos, Calif., apparently of natural causes.
I have been looking for a pretty rendition of Mother Theresa's quote "I know the Lord won't give me more than I can handle, I just wish he didn't trust me so much."
I’d like to pretend that I achieved this through 1970s computer savvy and hours of machine code hacking, but no. Invited to suggest a contact for the owner of the page I gave my own email. The auto-response email from FB provided me full access.
Where does the time go anyway? I cannot believe it is already Monday night! I did finish another book, so perhaps that's why the time has gotten away from me. Time, time, time. As Carolyn Myss says, we are obsessed with "time". (And the lack thereof.) Yeah, and the older we get, the less time we have, so the faster it seems to go. Bizarre.
The first two told me that they would explain my situation to the next "customer service" representative that I would speak to. I'm not sure what information was passed on, but each new person answered the phone completely oblivious to who I was, or what I wanted.
He slid the canoe through a wall of cypress trees, deeper and deeper into the heart of the swamp. He figured his father headed for the hills. White cranes flew from the cypress limbs. The canoe hit a cypress knee, and Rod gently eased it around a few more. The way they stuck out of the shallow water, like protruding nubs, they reminded him of his grandmother’s warning finger wagging in his face. They could tear a hole in the bottom of a boat. Thank God my boat survived
Many congratulations to Egypt you have made the entire arab world proud, i hope for change and a better future for us All the khaleej seems to be undergoing changes as arabs across the region demand freedom. Small steps big changes, and may peace and order return to Masr.
Mali’s new government should be hailed as an important step forward, but it will need to build a climate where the rule of law prevails alongside respect for the state and its institutions. That battle is at least as important as the battle to reunify the country and regain the north, and in the long run Mali can’t succeed without winning it.
Monday, April 4 - Variety Playhouse - Atlanta, GA
The imposing grandness of the Capitol was well established too. Quite the sight after the terrible living standards we see in District 12. You easily feel the Capitol’s excess and the abyss between the haves and have-nots.
feeds her oh! so sweet and innocent soul
But seriously, you're making me blush Rudie. Thank you.
raised over $20,000.00
The first thing to say about this story is that Delta and the Bannermen has the coolest title of all Doctor Who stories. Obviously, it takes off the Indie band Echo and the Bunnymen.
Write about the giveaway on your blog.
Politically, I'm very annoyed. (This is ongoing). Annoyed about the cuts, upset by the cuts. More people I know being made redundant, not just in the public sector but the impact of cuts is being felt in a lot of places. I've been signing petitions left, right and centre, and not randomly either, but there are so many children's centres, libraries and other such goodnesses facing closure, I feel the need to sign my name to so many important things. All places I use during my work or personally, all places that I know are valued in the community.
Article 4 - Outskirts Press
Don't devolve
LA: Shaggin’
"When the present regime breaks down, we must be ready at once to take its place"
Earlier this week, the startup announced it raised $17 million in a series B investment round to expand its network of e-recycling kiosks to the rest of the United States. In the past two years, the company has installed 50 kiosk locations throughout California. The new funding will enable mass commercialization and a national roll-out, ecoATM Chairman and CEO Tom Tullie said in a recent statement.
Pictures have always spoken to me. I think in pictures. I tote pictures around in my head like carry-on luggage, I keep them close so they are safe. Because for me they whisper and yell and nudge and assault. In silence. I feel tethered to them. One of my favourite quotes is by artist Paul Klee: "a line is a dot that went for a walk." I feel that pull.
He kissed the top of her head and ran his hands over her skin, which had her gasping in remembrance of the crop and the welts left behind. Pulling her across his body he held her against him and reached down to fondle the tail. She stiffened and tightened as he played with it, twisting and pulling until it was almost out and then pushing it back in. Within seconds she was grinding her crotch against his hip bone and making ridiculous noises. Her embarrassment was complete as he fucked her ass with the little butt plug until she thrust against him tossing her head and begging to cum. Just as she was on the edge of no return he pulled the plug from her and she cried out in a shaking orgasm.
My truck broke down again ... luckily I was up early for an early meeting, so my husband hadn't left yet. So I was able to catch a ride with him.
Calling it “eggplant” hurts its feelings, so let’s stick with the poetic French aubergine. It’s in need of all the image and branding consulting it can get, because it’s one of those vegetables that we would rather look at than eat.
The “40 almost 40″ Tour, Second Edition is in full swing.
03. Hyena! feat. Mobonix
I love iris because they grow almost no matter what you do or don’t do to them. I have some fancy varieties that I got from my friend the iris farmer last year. I am embarrassed to say that I almost killed those by forgetting to plant them when I got them in the fall. They are in the ground and seem to be thriving but I was too late to expect them to bloom this year.
She would sit for hours, while watching TV or writing letters, and listen to her son practice the guitar. It didn’t matter if he was practicing a scale or a song, she would tap her foot in time with the music, loving every minute.
Maybe they thought you robbed a bank or something, who the fuck knows?
I loved Amer which was a really beautiful film, and Yellow is a little like it in our visual style, but it is very important for me that we are not just making a retro styled giallo film. I want to take all of the things that really interested me from the genre, like black leather gloved killers, switchblades, extreme violence, but leave behind all of the retro parts that make them feel dated. Yellow is definitely a neo giallo in everyway. Importantly, the Italian giallo films are not our only influences; I am also a big fan of American genre cinema, especially the films of John Carpenter, William Lustig and Michael Mann, which have been big inspirations, especially Michael Mann’s Manhunter, which for me is the definitive detective vs. serial killer film. It has a great aesthetic of being an 80’s film but not feeling really dated; it has a very specific atmosphere which we want for Yellow.
Almost three years ago he gave a talk at the Harvard University commencement, in which he spoke boldly to the people of the West (just as before that he had spoken boldly to Soviet leaders), telling them that their civilization is collapsing and is in danger of being taken over by Communism, that modern humanism is not deep enough to satisfy the human soul, and that it is no model that can be followed by Russia if Russia should overthrow Communism. At the end of this address he used the following words to express his idea of the depth of the crisis which is now occurring in the world:
7. DETECTIVE
Simply Lyndsay has been up and running (for real) for just over 14 months. When I started, I didn't really know why. I was curious about the blogging world, and I had an urge to connect with people that under regular circumstances, I wouldn't. So I figured why not? I had no agenda; I had no idea what my niche would be. I titled my blog "Simply" Lyndsay because I knew I would be just be writing about the the things that I liked - the things that made me, me. I don't know if I ever found my stride or niche or that particular subject area that made my blog unique. However, I did learn something about myself - I love to write.
Today, I spent my lunch hour at Oak Park Mall shopping. As I left the mall, I noticed a car one aisle over swing into the parking spaces a bit aggressively.
this could be a disaster with a unexpected Supreme finatic kitted up head to toe in his Budweiser vest, shirt and sun hate
HOPS TO THE PEOPLE, MAN!
Effective immediately my Dad will be taking over ALL postings to this site.
* a good session at physical therapy
Then, another 2 boys come in.
As parents we are united on so many different fronts and yet the Autism community itself appears to be divided on this and many other issues. To the point where parent’s are now being categorized as falling into any one or more of several different camps.
Below are the full (or, maybe condensed a bit) explanations of the event teasers I left you with on Christmas Day. I was drunk when I wrote them, by the way, so it's kinda amusing seeing what I wrote and now having to explain them. I've included the original text so you (I) can remember what I wrote. Here goes:
This is in contrast to being in the car with my two girls, age 3 and 4. They squabble. They comment about every possible thing that they see. ("Look Mama, a red car!") They ask questions that make me have to think a lot about how to respond. ("Mama, how old am I going to be when I go to heaven to see Papa?" or "Why did God put nails in Jesus' hands?") Car rides with the girls are on a spectrum of delightful to exhausting.
This week's topic is Top Summer Activities: What were your favorite family moments/activities this summer? And, you know, did any of them involve a memorable BREAKFAST or CEREAL, since breakfast/cereal is our theme for this series?
Buuuut, there ARE exceptions. Like when it’s true. If they just go sleeping around and putting everyone down, you have a right to share your opinion. We can’t always keep things stuck in our minds all day. But you HAVE TO BE ABLE TO JUSTIFY YOUR OPINION!!!!!
Speaking of red, my number one assistant Allie Claire did a lot of "farming" while her momma was painting.
10-The Scorpio-Poisonous Sting
Pink Knockout
Many will recoil at these comparisons, especially to the beatified Mandela.
Meanwhile I quickly got served again and had a half of the Magic Rock High Wire IPA and Curious. The Curious was better even than it had been at Dada, with a brilliant burnt toffee flavour that mellowed into the aftertaste perfectly, making this the beer of the day so far. Alas, I cut short my visit, since the other visitors had sought to arrive with those annoying streamer things which you blow and they make a crap noise? Even with beer and reading matter to distract me, 4 people hooting at once is just annoying! So I ran away, and everything.
Call it chick lit if you want, but it's a book that brought me away from my own world into each character's, living their lives each time I pick the book up from where I left it, laughing out loud (yes, I actually LOLed, on so many occasions, in public), and tearing (sometimes crying) with the characters and the little things they go through.
Trust lost, through lies, betrayal, or seemingly unimportant inconsistencies between words and actions.
Second, whenever i hear someone say, “there are two kinds of people” i want to projectile vomit!
AK: At the end of the academic semester, I always delight in the first book I get to read that has nothing to do with classes. This year, it was a memoir by Akira Mizubayashi called Une Langue venue d’ailleurs, about a Japanese student’s passion for French. And of course I read Bringing up bébé the minute it came out. I’m a fan.
Now onto the new challenge for the next two weeks. Quelle Suprise! as it’s nearly Halloween– Cute, with a Dark Twist! Hosted by Sarah. As you can see below the team didn’t all go for halloween, but you can clearly see that they teamed cute with a dark element and we would love to see the same from you.
To the long rows of cots up and down each side I return,
The fear of failure can also show up as procrastination but it has its roots in self–deprecation, lack of confidence and low self esteem. These people have trouble even getting their thoughts around what they want off the ground. They are always looking to others for permission. If you are one of these people it is best for you to start with baby steps, small bids for power that you can commit to, and to stop comparing yourself to others.
So how about you? Do you recognize yourself in any of these stages? Where are you at right now? Have any stages to add?
I just wanted to share this card with you. The entire card is made with, yes you guested it, the silhouette. The card shape the X's. O's, heart, and the lines. So easy. I'm very happy with my new toy.
If I could be so lucky, these lungs might remember how to breathe
Lt. John Crisci, 48, Holbrook, N.Y.
**CONTEST IS OVER**
Our curriculum (Unique Learning System) has just released their summer unit today - all about the 2012 Summer Olympics! As always, their summer unit is FREE to anyone, even if you are not a current ULS subscriber. I know there are a few of you sped friends who have been looking at the curriculum either personally or as a sped staff, so this would be a great time to check out what a unit actually looks like. Also good for any sped teacher who's teaching summer school/year round/ESY. Hey, even if you use just a couple of the lessons, free is always good, right?
surely not closer to the beginning
How easy it is to agonise over the syntax or grammar of a sentence. I have to confess to a love of all that tinkering. Part of the beauty of the language is that we have a lavish assortment of ways to express the same thought. I enjoy taking the time to feed every single one of the eighty thousand words in my WIP through the mental thesaurus?
2) The giveaway is open to residents of the United States.
Beyond the routine of needs fulfillment, Maslow envisioned moments of extraordinary experience, known as Peak experiences, which are profound moments of love, understanding, happiness, or rapture, during which a person feels more whole, alive, self-sufficient and yet a part of the world, more aware of truth, justice, harmony, goodness, and so on.
This is pure magic! Alone with my thoughts at night, tucked in my sleeping bag, I felt an inner peace, a quiet I had never experienced. I thanked God for every day offered to me. I will never take any sunrise or sunset for granted, this is the incredible gift of life.
The Touchstone Division of Simon & Schuster and Sobol Literary Enterprises, Inc. today announced their agreement to publish all three finalists in the newly created Sobol Award for Fiction, an innovative endeavor to discover talented, unpublished fiction writers and help them achieve the recognition they deserve. The original deadline has been extended to midnight, March 31st, 2007. The awards will be announced in the fall of 2007...
Each of these roles plays an important function. We need people who are challenging power structures, who are at the cutting edge of social change. We also need people who make it easy for “ordinary” people to join the movement for change. I see Transition Newcastle fitting into the role of “Citizen”. I certainly see us as being part of a broader social movement. But our focus is creating a vision of what we want, not just saying what we don’t want. We want to attract people who may not be interested in radical social change, but might be willing to consider how we can build a resilient community able to respond to the challenges of climate change and peak oil.
Doug would be proud.
I will still think of you
Protests against coal mining so far have been peaceful however.
Michael: “What city di you live when you were at high school?”
Greg Mortenson, founder of the Central Asia Institute, has been exposed/accused of having fabricating parts of his accounts of his adventures in Pakistan and Afghanistan; adventures that gave him the inspiration to start building schools in some of the most remote and war-torn parts of the Asian continent. You can see the 60 Minutes expose here.
Whipped up a couple of batches of lip balm-
“Why yes, I certainly do.” He didn’t talk like me – that was for damn sure.
Phew! well that should pay the running costs of my blog for the rest of the year!
Thus one tiny group gets infallible protection, and the 93% get the crumbs. To rationalise that reality, wombats like Milt Friedman come along and explain how this is the only way to create wealth. But no matter what degree of bollocks is applied to the attempt to make red green and up down, the practice of The Law is the obvious giveaway.
2e PIONEER SUSAN BAUM is presenting a workshop titled "Bright but Challenged: Understanding and Treating the Twice-exceptional Learner." To be held on December 9 in Portland, Maine, the workshop is geared to learning specialists, educational therapists, classroom teachers, parents and mental health practitioners. Find out more. Susan Baum is on the Editorial Advisory Board of 2e: Twice-Exceptional Newsletter.
Politics without principles.
Cherish the road of discovery. Never stop looking until you find it.
But whether you’ll see new kinds of supra-national entities emerge depends, I think, on the country. Obviously some countries are strengthening their national positions – the state remains all important – while other countries have effectively lost all sovereignty. I mean, look at an extreme case, like Haiti.
I set up this picture as one of our Marketing photos. I follow blogs like Free People and their Coachella/Desert inspired summer posts lately made me want to gather up things in the shop that made me feel the same way. I feel the neutral wood and brown paper really set off the faded neon of the batik print and the neon painted film canister (which is set up to be a jewelry holder). I love carnival glass, too, so I added this fun orange candy dish and white milk glass candle holders. Like my own shrine to the summer.
The study goes on to say that it was very difficult to get data about pesticide usage, particularly because so many of the crops studied had switched over to mostly GMO. Those farmers left who were not using biotech were those who never had pest problems in the first place. Like the organic farmers. This lucky minority just happened by circumstance to not need pesticides, so they couldn’t actually be used for the baseline to show savings. Instead, the researchers asked the opinion of experts as to what amount of pesticides would have been used, if there were no biotech.
in Afghanistan , come out and fight like men,
wine
After getting around $500 from the register, Selsor shot Clayton six times; he died on the floor. Dodson shot Morris in the head, neck and shoulder, but she survived. The two men were later arrested in California.
“Hey Na Na Shabana” is a cheesy Bollywood song from Hum Tum Aur Shabana, but because it is Raghav’s Bollywood debut, it holds a soft spot in my heart, Raghav is the pioneer of Urban Desi fusion music and every time I have met with him, he is polite and well-versed. In support of Raghav, “Hey Na Na Shabana” makes my list.
Your Al Qaeda inspired Moslem youth and men come out against us in our communities upon our streets conducting Jihad, intimidating the weak, innocent and vulnerable in our society, pumping Al Qaeda’s Heroin throughout our land and strapping bombs to themselves to commit suicide in the process of breaking down our way of life and murdering innocent people as acts of war.
Books typically sell for 10 per cent less on some alternative websites – as Amazon charges fees for its services – but the company says it has been forced to act to protect its low-price promise to readers.”
I've been a bit naughty & cheated on Lush. I bought a little bottle of MoroccanOil at the hairdresser's when I last got my hair done. I've heard amazing things (everyone should sign up to makeupalley.com - it's awesome) & when they used it on my hair last time I felt an instant difference. I use a few drops when I'm blowdrying it, & it has made it more manageable, softer, & less frizzy. I am so stoked. It feels a LOT healthier because my hair is ridiculously dry due to all of the straightening & dying & blowdrying I do. It isn't totally ideal because I think it does contain silicone, but my hair was driving me mad for a while because I don't do treatments nearly as often as I should, & I am always in a rush so I probably don't leave my conditioner on for long enough. But you should definitely try it if you get the chance! & definitely sign up to makeupalley, ladies. All of the users put in their skin & hair types so that you can get a better idea of what will work for you.
SOFA Chicago
I think there is. Before I tell you, however, I just want to say that it is in a sense futile because the contingent reasons for abolition are so strong that they are enough. I don’t think we can ever find a way to apply capital punishment without discrimination, without the risk of killing innocent people, and without any cruelty (even painless executions involve psychological cruelty, often for years on end). Hence it isn’t really necessary to make the case that even in perfect circumstances – which will never pertain – capital punishment isn’t justifiable.
They call them the basics for a reason. To reach age 15 without learning everything that is taught in elementary school is virtually impossible, provided no one has gotten in your way.
Concentric rings ripple from surfaces that may
He asked me out shortly after 9/11. At the time I was engaging in a mild flirtation with another, not-quite-so-nice boy, so when the nice boy folded a ring out of a dollar bill and popped the question* after a set build for All My Sons, I had a choice to make.
Starkey never blamed race for the problems as the elites blame Whites. They are racist against Whites. Racism hopes to blame problems on a racial scapegoat. If the Hutus have a bad crop, it must be because of the Tutsi; if there are race riots in England it must be because of White racism.
Source:PRAAG
Although Rosie held the seat with a much reduced majority in that summers general election, her decision to then go with the rump SDP under David Owen, rather than join the Liberal Democrats, was to have a long standing negative impact. She later narrowly lost the 1992 general election to Nick Raynsford and left national politics.
From a systems perspective, however, I don’t think this conclusion follows. The reason for this can already be seen in my remarks above. The systems perspective, while deeply resonant in certain respects with Kantian correlationism, emphasizes not the way in which we are trapped within the closure of whatever particular system we happen to be, but rather the contingency of any particular organization. The point here is two-fold. On the one hand, the environment is always more complex than any system. There is never a one-to-one correspondence between events in the environment and events in a system. On the other hand, no system, once it reaches a particular point of complexity, can relate every element it produces to every other element it produces. Rather, the manner in which elements internal to a system or object are related is always constrained or organized in a particular way. When these two points are taken together, we get the contingency of systems. That is, we recognize the manner in which systems could have related their internal elements and relations to an environment differently, and thus how any particular organization is contingent and involves risk. Through second-order observation or the observation of how other systems relate to the environment, we recognize the contingency of our own organization and way of relating to the world.
History repeats itself; the Guardian reports: “The Greek president has summoned the leaders of the country’s three largest parties to a meeting on Sunday in a final attempt to forge a unity government and avoid another election.” However, that might not be the full story even if the report then goes on to point out that he will also be meeting with the leaders of the “fringe parties” and in the Greek press we can read that after meeting New Democracy’s Antonis Samaras, SYRIZA’s Alexis Tsipras and PASOK’s Evangelos Venizelos, he will then have separate meetings with the leaders of the other four parties in the new Parliament, Panos Kammenos of Independent Greeks, Aleka Papariga of the Communist Party, Nikos Michaloliakos of Golden Dawn and, Fotis Kouvelis of the Democratic Left.
Yes, you can see a Marmite jar. It was in my son's Christmas stocking and after being finished I decided to keep it...don't know what for yet. And yes, there are two coffee cups. What can I say, I've needed to drink a lot of it to keep going these last few days!
So ... that should explain where I've been. She was doing a bit better, still not eating much but getting around more and even woke up playful Tuesday morning. Later in the day though she got sick again and went downhill fast, and 24 hours later it was all over. It's hard to lose your best friend, but harder still to watch them suffer.
I don’t think of motherhood in detail. My theory is that if it was meant to happen, it would happen. However, with Mother’s Day coming around the corner, it gets me wondering – if things had turned out differently, would I be celebrating it in the capacity of a mother instead of a daughter by now? This week also in particular has been a specially blessed one where I have had quite a few good friends, friends who I think the world of, announcing births of little ones or early pregnancies. There is no doubt in my mind that these amazing people will make wonderful parents, and the news had filled what was beginning to look like a dreary week with a soft glow of hope.
Le tampon s'appelle Bluebird's Proposal (Simply Gorjuss by Santoro). J'ai colorié le panneau central avec ma Gorjuss sur mon papier Make It Colour Blending Card, puis j'ai coupé mon papier "bristol" à la taille de ma carte, et j'ai colorié les parties gauche et droite, (le milieu ne l'est pas, il est caché:-)). Perforatrice Fiskars et 3 petits brillants, et c'est tout!
In a plate/bowl, spoon in 1/2 cup brown rice. Add one guacamole package to the mix and the desired amount of sour cream (I used 2 tablespoons). Mix together so that the flavors are combined.
Purpose: Programming behavior, creation of “Cyborg” mentalities
My Scottish mate Andy during his stay in Aussieland thought this was a bit of a wank - he said when he was working at a backpacker pub in the northern Queensland city of Cairns he used to "turn the bloody thing upside down" for a bit just before serving to achieve the same affect.
Another problem you might find, when transferring your picture into a marquee from a picture widget - is that you loaded it from your computer at home, and therefore do not have a url.
Well today I’m getting my lazy butt up and going to pilates. It’s supposed to rain today, and I’m a big baby and don’t want to run in the rain, so I figured I’d do pilates over the run. Sometimes it’s good to cross-train. I also figured I have to do some kind of physically activity (other than Wii Fit) seeing tomorrow I leave for New York and I won’t be running while I’m there. I can’t go an entire week without some type of exercise. I might never go back after that.
I touch my hand to his face one last time before walking out the door to my car. That was it. And I’m glad it’s over. I wanted it to be over. But the bare facts he stated sting. Their poison worms into my rational, causing me to question. Everything.
And an integral part of those values was trust in the wisdom of the ordinary people as a whole -- something Reagan was famous for. He constantly said that the great achievements of his era were not his but those of the American people as a whole. Trust in ordinary people and a belief in giving them large liberties are integrally related. And that trust has been rather remarkably vindicated in recent research summarized in a book on the wisdom of crowds and reviewed here. The book shows that, time and time again, the wisdom of ordinary people beats that of any elite or any individual. Excerpt:
According to Stephen Schwartz of the Center for Islamic Pluralism, the 85 Gulen schools advance and promote Islamic beliefs; present the Ottoman Empire, which lasted from 1299 to 1923, as a golden age; and serve to rewrite history by denying the Armenian holocaust under the Turks during World War I.
But something inside
ISRAELI COMPANY WAS IN CHARGE OF SECURITY AT FUKUSHIMA
Welcome to a special blog hop we are calling, Karing for Karen!! A hop for a very special friend of ours, Karen Knegten. If you have been around the stamping community for any length of time at all, you might have run into Karen. She is always participating in challenges, offering us wonderful inspiration with her awesome talent! About a month ago, Karen had to have surgery for two brain aneurysms. She is still in the hospital and we are having this blog to inspire more of you out there to send in some cards to Karen AND to her family that is caring for her too! So hope you feel inspired with our little hop for you today. Below you will find all of the links to all of the girls participating...these are from the CSS Alumni group and the Design Team from Gina K Designs. Enjoy and be inspired to send a card or two in! Here is the address for sending the cards to:
Having won the presidential and parliamentary elections on March 29, Zimbabwe’s MDC should not have to submit to talks about talks on the country’s future.
-Add the wine to the pan to deglaze. Cook for 7-8 minutes to let the flavors combine. Add a little pasta water if needed.
Much of the work Corley performs today revolves around the systems engineering aspect of the business ─ the part that brings all the subsystems together. While she was pursuing her undergraduate degree in mechanical engineering at Stanford University in Palo Alto, California, Corley participated in several projects that required systems engineering ─ brainstorming ideas, building parts, making sure each system interacted properly with the others. At the college she also worked on a small satellite program in which systems engineering played an important part. Corley received a master’s degree in aeronautics and astronautics from Stanford in 2004.
I will be sending out confirmation emails for Pre-Registrations and Masquerade Entry Forms, so if you haven’t gotten yours yet, it is on its way.
1/4 CUP OF GOOD PARMESAN CHEESE
3. The government cannot give to anybody anything that the government does not first take from somebody else.
For the record, my Binge submission today (Flight) went to the Bloomington Playwrights Project, to their Woodward/Newman Award. The winner gets $3,000, production and travel funds. The postmark deadline is today. (I would have completely missed this if someone on the Binge list hadn't posted about it.) There is a $10 fee that is waived for Dramatists Guild members.
There’s an old joke that says old preachers never retire, they just go on and on and on. Jim is no exception. He has retired several times only to accept one interim position or another. This time the retirement may stick, but he still fills an empty pulpit when called on. Kyle loves to go with him when he preaches. He sits on the front row and wins the hearts of the congregation with his smiling eyes and his sweet spirit. On one such occasion, he had something to say to Grandpa after church.
I thank God for my wonderful mother.
These were developed prior to 1934 and came into possession of the US Secret government in 1943 which is almost 70 years ago. The Secret government has a budget of more than a 100 billion dollars a year to improve upon Tesla’s inventions amongst other things.
It feels like fall today, which means it's the season for pot roast, chili, beef stew and round steak over buttered noodles. Yum. Or perhaps a few grassfed rib eyes or hamburger patties are just what you need for your upcoming tailgate parties. Either way, now's the time to place your order for Irish Grove Farms' delicious 100% grass-finished beef.
Paint colors are overwhelming to me too. We painted our third rental about 10 times. We have sworn that no amount of money is too much to hire a painter for next time! Yeah, right.
Today I have the pleasure of welcoming Kristen Simmons to my blog. She is the author of the new book Article 5 which tells the story of Ember a teen living in the United States after the Bill of Rights has been revoked and replaced by new laws called the Moral Statutes. When Ember's mother is arrested for violating the Moral Statutes by being a single mother, Ember is carted away to a reformatory school, where she will stay until her eighteenth birthday. The school is a nightmare, and Ember is a prisoner. Find out what happens to Ember in Kristen Simmon's Article 5. (I can tell you I read half of this book in one sitting--I couldn't put it down until I found out what was going to happen to Ember!)
This project forms part of the All Saints Festival of Early Music on the weekend of 26-27 May. For more information on the Festival, click here.
Let me explain about the baby and the wallet.
I can only give him a hug and say, "Sweetheart, one day she will know."
"So much of learning to write involves one step forward and two steps back-but failure's okay."
We also got a bunch of different "KID" cereals.......they type covered in sugar or course.
"There's a lot to be said for a woman that could beat you in an arm-wrestle." He said one night.
When it grows wild
When you have to get ready in a short period of time, what is your go to outfit?
Happy Wednesday! This week's Paper Pretties challenge is to use RING IN THE NEW YEAR as the inspiration for your project. We'd love for you to play along. If you do, be sure to leave a link to your project on the Paper Pretties blog!
Are you ready to get started with the sketch challenge? Ready…set…CREATE! We hope that you will tell your friends about our challenge. Have a wonderfully creative week!
(PS This isn't really something I'm struggling with right now, it's just something that's on my mind. Okay. End random interjection.)
If we have experiences, it is good to consult about them with a teacher or with friends and colleagues on the path. A true guru will help us understand our experiences. If the teacher is not physically accessible to us, we can call upon them inwardly to help deal with our experiences.
I’m going back to work on Thursday. I’m pretty anxious in a good and bad way. Everyone keeps telling me I’ll eventually get over being away from K during the day but see, that’s not my problem. My problem is that Killian can go to work with me until he’s a bit older. When I say this, I’m usually given odd glances so let me clarify. I love my job. I love my career. I just plain love being a designer. I especially love my company and I love that they make me feel appreciated. But I also love my other job. I love being a mom. I love spending all day with Killian. To be honest, I love being a mom much more than I love being a designer. I’m anxious because I’m worried that I’ll just want to spend all of my time tending to Killian’s needs when I’m on the clock and clients are counting on their work getting done. I honestly think it will be better having K in day care so that I can concentrate on my work instead of just wanting to play with him. Even at home, when someone else wants to hold him I can’t help but stare at him and wish that I was holding him, even if that means I’m now free to eat/sleep/go to the bathroom/shower/pluck brows/clip nails (you know, all the things I have a hard time doing when I’m holding my wiggle worm). Luckily though, my boss is a mom as well and she’s open to helping me ease back into the work life. Even if that means starting out part-time. Eventually, I’d love to work from home and just hang out with my kiddos. But for now, I just need to learn how to juggle a little better.
Songsalive! Los Angeles Showcase
In one way, that is all fair enough. The old saying "A conservative is a liberal who was mugged last night" embodies a similar idea and represents a claim that conservatives often make: That they are more realistic and that Leftists are dreamers who need to be brought down to earth. Being vividly reminded of your own forthcoming death (which is what the psychological experiments concerned do) should invoke a similar burst of realism and disable dreamy views of life.
Yes, I had another sono. Gestational diabetes sucks - for anyone that doesn't know that already. Not only do you have the regular pregnancy worries, the diabetes worries for you and the baby, but also you have to work every visit around the sono-tech. lol Luckily I'll only have one more of those (if I make it the full 4 1/2 weeks).
So here it is, here I am, hope you like it…it will be on my new site when it’s all up and running. I’ve decided to be who I am, not to create for others, but for myself…to be true to my gifts. This comes from a great line of feeling the fear and doing it anyway!! Here goes….
The openings lines of the Preface describe this collection pretty accurately–“This book is best described as a children’s book for grownups. It’s aim is to encourage us to discover (or rediscover) the amazing things that children and their magical carefree world can teach us, even as we try to teach them about the harsh realities of our own.”
Foods I don’t crave:
"So then why do you want the letter?" Kristy asks. She's confused now, too. Maybe that means she won't shank me later.
Tell your friends and invite your book group to go meet your favorite authors at the fair. Trust me, the Miami Book Fair is a reader's paradise, not to be missed.
I went to see UNSTOPPABLE the other day and it was OK, but it was one of those films that made me think of what it could have been. Tony Scott directed it, so you know what you’re going to get. I like his movies, more recent ones especially. He directs action. Things move, and they move fast. Things blow up, and they blow up big. He’s all about energy and speed and action.
But after the millionth headline and billionth copy change, I couldn't use advertising to burn through my creative juices anymore. I had to find something else.
One of the most visible major industries in France are the Car makers. Luckily for French car makers, the French are very patriotic about driving French cars. I doubt the main French car makers would have survived had the French people not supported them. This is because until quite recently, Peugeot and Renault cars were a bit crap and Citroens were just wierd. The French are the masters of their own universe though and while they are key players in the EU they actually just stick two fingers up to all the myriad legislation pumped out by the jobsworths in Brussels. The rest of the EU nations hop to the EU beat and the French who are the primary architects of the rules, ignore the rules. How very French.
“Now, art thou that Virgilius and that fountain
Beyond Smiling Monarchs the band had a unique, spare sound that was both genuine and endearing. Chris Manecke’s understated vocals, churning guitar, and accompanying earnest rhythm licks via John Blake’s plucky bass and Dolan’s subtle rhythms made the band sound bigger, more intricate and at times complex. The lyrics are dark, yet delivered in a way that makes the listener think perhaps the intention is more ironic than morose. There is no denying Abecedarians post-punk roots. Their recordings are rare and very hard to find.
Charles H. Spurgeon
I made a new type of pocket card for me this week. It's an easy design and I found the tutorial for it at StampTV's Mix-it-Up Monday Challenge for this week. I did alter their sketch to make my finished card 5" wide by 5.5" high.
He suggested that former Gov. Eliot Spitzer, known for his self-description as “the steamroller,” was “prepared to steamroll this community.” As for Paterson, “despite his physical condition, he is a man of tremendous vision, a man who understands the importance of real community input.”
I rolled back the openings of the bags, tearing and shaping until I was happy with the look. Then E and I glued on the natural materials to finish our houses. When they were dry, we asked the new tenants to move in!
Duration: 6 Months
I loved the BBC2 historical dramas on Sunday afternoons, and I Claudius (the girl from Children of the Stones was in this too) Monty Python, Survivors (nightmares!) and later, dramas like Edge of Darkness.
Tomorrow is Not Promised”
Honestly, it is exhausting. Maybe more so emotionally. I can't handle it. I have had a few breakdowns this week and I can't seem to hold it together. These mouth sores are bad and I feel like they are the source of a lot the pain/throwing up. Tonight, she couldn't even keep any of her pain meds down. The one thing that I CAN do, which is give her pain meds to help with her suffering... she can't even keep down. I feel helpless and terrible that she is suffering.
-3/4 to 1 cup grated cheddar cheese (optional)
The hour of time, and the delicious season;
Until then, we'll keep on keepin on.
First up is a beer, from the home of Harley-Davidson and the Fonz—Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Milwaukee, with a mean January temperature of 23ºF, is the warmest location we'll be visiting on this trip—Although factor in the windchill off Lake Michigan and it's a whole new ballgame. My beer of choice from this icy locale is Lakefront Brewery's IPA. This beer really has become one of my favorites and I'd go as far as to say it's become my go-to IPA. Speaking of IPAs, I think IPAs get a bad wrap as "summer beers." Sure, I enjoy a nice hop bomb in July, but there's something great about a crisp, hoppy IPA to shake-up those long nights during the dead of winter, too. Lakefront's IPA hits the mark. It pours hazy gold, with an amazing, rocky head that seems to not dissipate throughout the drink. It smells of grapefruit and mango with a subtle caramel sweetness. Its tart and dry, especially in the back of the throat; with more of that citrus quality, mingling with a bready, biscuity, mellow sweetness. There's a perfect bitterness to this one—not overwhelming, but with enough of a zap to make you smile. This beer is bright, refreshing and the perfect choice to help warm up any of the dozens of gray winter days you might have ahead of you.
It is not just patrons of bars that get creepy, it's also those guys at parties who are newbies or out of towners who don't know how to ask. I clearly was a sorority girl and attended my fair amount of fraternity parties and there were always some young guys who were awkward and unsure of how to approach the situation. Unfortunately for them a lot of the girls who went to these parties were either dating or trying to date someone at the house. I don't think I ever had that problem actually but I definitely saw it going on more and more, apparently I came off a lot bitchier than I intended most of the time. Oh well saved me from creepy situations.
I don't normally make resolutions. I'm not the best at sticking with things for the long term, so there's no doubt I'd give up on some fluffy resolution like "eat healthier" or "read more books" by mid-month. This year, I'm taking a different approach, with more focused goals. I think I might stand a chance. Here's what I'm shooting for in 2012:
Polygonum tinctorium Lour.
I forgot to take a cross-section of the cake and of the gathering. Guess my mind was on strike due to the lack of sleep. Ah Boy is teething and having some discomfort. After I finished with decorating the cake, he woke up and fussed for a couple of hours before I could hit the pillow. @_@
Very gradually, often without any realization of the fact, the wife is forced to become the mother of a wayward boy. And the alcoholic alternately loves and hates her maternal care.”
Location: Boulder, Co
Coffee is my friend.
Now on to Instagram...
The pace of growth in the U.S. manufacturing sector tumbled in May, slackening more than expected to its slowest since September 2009, according to an industry report released Wednesday.
I guess I take after my dad, who’s still learning new stuff at the age of 87: using his computer, figuring out Facebook (spent 2 hours with him on that today…), learning more about the Bible and God and His ways (Dad got saved in October 2010, at the age of 86!) He’s never been afraid to learn something new and he’s always pushed me to do the same. I’m told that mental challenges keep our brains healthy. That’s a good thing, right?
I'll be back early next summer
No one did biker chic better than Steve McQueen. For that matter, no one did anything better than Steve McQueen. From the infamous motorcycle scene in The Great Escape to a game of chess in the Thomas Crown Affair, McQueen symbolized looks that were classic, elegant, timeless and a bit of a rebel. Barbour teamed up with the late legendary actor's estate for the ultimate in cool -- think motorcycle jackets and you get the gist.
HUEVOS RANCHEROS
25% paid in facility fees each time a club's matches are on TV in the UK.
"Bedlam was never like this and the ashes haven’t settled yet.
It just occurred to me the other day when I smelt a faint whiff of smoke, that we had not seen any fires around our way all year. I have hardly heard the helicopters going over either which is good. I wonder if the extremely wet (and rather elongated) winter that we had has made fire less of a problem! It doesnt seem likely though does it? After all its tinder box dry here now - very little green apart from the citrus trees and I am sure that it would only take one cigarette butt carelessly thrown to start everything off.
I would pick that kid over one who has no love for anything. Who has a smidgen of knowledge on this and on that but cares nothing about anything much. That's the kind of kid that schools churn out everyday-ruining natural ability regularly.
I recently heard a talk by Tim Huff, an author and homeless advocate, who posited that the reason we’re not curing poverty is that we don’t understand it. We think we’re talking about poverty of resources—people don’t have enough money, or food, or stuff, and so we try to help them get more money or food or stuff.
The publisher says:
present in the LaTour, although God is not
The problem is the place I work we are soooo very centered on doing A LOT of transactions in a month and we can’t do that much volume anymore with this new system.
The 2001 General Election Campaign… Two weeks before polling day Blair captured the lead story in the Financial Times with an interview for the paper in which he sounded enthusiastic about the prospect of euro membership when the circumstances were right. A stream of soothing balm was directed at the City. On the same day the Sun carried an article under Blair’s name which was carefully crafted to sit happily with the government’s formula but to invite the interpretation that this was a Prime Minister who would never bounce his country into some foreign currency, an assurance which duly appeared on the front page in a form that made it sound like a sign of relief from Wapping. In Downing Street, the judgement was that the crossover readership would be small.
Step 8:
The children were excited about their mini mural and were thrilled when I hung it on a wall in our living room.
Finally, in the most exciting match of the evening, Finland and Slovakia battled it out for bronze! I have to admit, I was rooting for Slovakia, the underdog who came into these games and bitch slapped some of the toughest teams in the Olympics! They proved that Russia was beatable. The barely let the Canadians slide by in the semifinals. Had they had a little more time, who knows who could've been playing the US on Sunday for gold!
Consistency and kindness are the watchwords.
Remember the words of Paul, “And we, who with unveiled faces all reflect the Lord’s glory, are being transformed into his likeness with ever-increasing glory, which comes from the Lord, who is the Spirit.” (2 Cor. 3:18) God created you in his image, experience the fullness of that as you deepen your relationship with Jesus Christ!
So that left me without money reserves, and it was back to the comics until 1967, when my daughter—our only child—was killed by a car at age 14. For reasons difficult to explain, my wife and I moved from Englewood, New Jersey, to upstate New York where Jack lived. I was pretty broken up and found it difficult to write again up here, but went back to sci-fi, this time as the market hit. "
Apart from it Toshiba laptops often suffer from webcam driver update or upgrade issues. In spite of trying best known troubleshooting steps, the issue seems to persist. In such cases an adept Support Toshiba can take you out of these issues through the most appropriate procedures and also make you aware of the other existing faults in the Toshiba system that are yet to surface. Numerous Toshiba laptop Support teams are readily available who can provide necessary measures to resolve the system issues online and that too, instantly. IGennie being one such exclusive tech support provider that remotely accesses your system and make sure that your issues are uprooted effectively. This Online Help Support provider offers connoisseur support service, at any time throughout the day, week, month or year.
I've also got my website up so when people start to Google me (they aren't yet, but they will), they'll find information about me and my book. Since the book will be difficult to find in bookstores, I will be able to sell it directly online to anyone who wants a copy. I'll even autograph it.
The man whose wealth of festive cheer inspires them
The doctor (his resident) came in and checked Jude over and then the fellow and the attending doctors came over as well. They ordered a chest x-ray (which turned out perfectly fine with no concerns), drew some blood for cultures/tests, and did an ultrasound on the swollen femoral area.
Two beautiful skeins of hand-dyed fingering yarn from Berry Colorful Yarnings. This is my first couple of skeins from this newish indie dyer and the yarn feels lovely and soft whilst still having a good twist. The colorway I received is Avenue of tributes from Berry Colorful Yarnings recent Hunger Games collection. I am afraid this must be the most hard to capture colour on camera, but the colour is a lovely subtly variegated grey (I love greys).
It was a "double-header" theme! Each game had to do with "doubles" or "pairs" since I'm going to have a pair of boys :) There was popcorn as a parting gift for everyone, and baseball theme all around. It was so cute and so fun! I had a great time, and got some wonderful gifts from some very important woman in my life.
When I purchased some of the new My Mind's Eye patterned paper I couldn't help but throw some of the coordinating washi tape in my cart, too. I used some of the washi tape for the background panels. I used the Pretty Posies Die-namics for a little flower embellishment and a orange bling for her hair clip.
I am writing this as a TV viewer who has subjected himself to far more hours of so-called 'reality' television than he cares to remember. It's not that I find this programming stimulating - it's simply that all too often there is nothing else on. I don't expect this situation to change anytime soon, and so it looks like we'll be spending time together in the future. As such, I have one piece of advice. Or perhaps a request. Make that a desperate plea...
I've spend the last couple of days tinkering with WordPress and I'm finally ready to start pointing people to that new page: labyrinthrat.com. If you're one of the half-dozen or so people who seem to have gotten something out of reading my blog over the last few years, I hope you'll follow me on my new one. Since it's going to be larger in scope, I hope to have a lot more to share with people over there. If I currently trade links with you, I've gone ahead and linked your webpage/blog on the new site. Those of you who link to me, if you'd update your links I'd be grateful.
Whole villages could be annihilated by rogue witches. Their power could level all but the strongest of log cabins and turn brave warriors to nothing but ash and dust as easily as it could do the same to a monster.
I have never put up a theme and just let it run without being around and I don't feel fully back in the saddle enough to take you all in!
R
Monday 2nd April: No bike this week as it’s to be a “suited and booted” week of client training sessions and meetings. Went to running club for Fartlek (sets of ones, twos and three’s) & found both Peronius Longus tendons were complaining for the first 4.25 miles. Back 4.24 miles was a little easier. Can’t say I enjoy these runs, but I do enjoy finishing them!
Well, since Lovebug isn't allowed to say the, "H" word in our house anymore... and since I put the kibosh on growling every five seconds... he has created a new super-hero.
Is he really an educator of international renown? Has he really captured the love and admiration of political and religious leaders, including Hillary Clinton and Pope John Paul II?
Finally, here is the finished Lilac branch. Notice that I added BG000 to my sky. This helps give my blossoms a sense of place. If you leave it white the blossoms have no foundation or reference points- they're just sitting there. By adding a subtle blue sky we assume that the blossoms are outside, the sun is shining, and it's a lovely spring day. Blue is also a natural background color that feels far away. By keeping the blue pale and subtle it doesn't detract from the whole (also, by adding a background color it helps cover up any mistakes you couldn't erase completely).
Matchbox die (#114890, $42.95)
Here’s a thought. Are we not a bit like this too? We want people who show up to conform at least to our brand of thinking or worship!! Mandatory things from OUR POINT OF VIEW.
Thank you soo much for joining me for Frivolous Fashion Friday! Hope you enjoyed my picks this week. Please remember if you'd like to pin them, pin them from the source. If you're not sure how, just leave me a comment and I'll get back to you letting you know how to do it. Thanks!
6 cloves garlic crushed
Janet and her psycho mother also hired a PI who follwed my husband and I for about 15 months. He wasn’t good at being inconspicuous, especially when we saw him eating breakfast at our hotel in Marina Del Ray one morning and then scurrying into a souvenir shop on the Sunset Strip in an attempt to hide from us four hours later. We were on vacation 300 miles away from hom at the time. Movie material, I swear it.
8:30 – Cougar Town (ABC): Jules struggles to accept the fact that Holly, the mother of Grayson’s baby, is a part of their lives, and it doesn’t help when Travis and the young mom share an attraction. Meanwhile, Andy mulls a mayoral run on a platform involving beach weddings; and Laurie helps Bobby make sense of his inappropriate comments at the cake shop. This episode also has Barry Bostwick, which should be super-exciting for those of you who are my roommate.
Makes about a pound.
Men who think of a woman as a lesser being to a point of abusing them, either physically or emotionally. I want to assure them that the battle they have started, they will end up loosing, because they may term us weak but our strength is beyond their imagination. We have one win over you, our sixth sense and I guarantee this conniving breed, that this sense is always right. When a womans intution warns her of you, you have no wins and your evil intentions are like the blowing wind with no weight or strength of her foundation.
4.) I'm afraid she won't sleep.
I actually blogged the day of the anniversary (last week) but I didn't remember it was a special day. So... the post before this one would be the 1st Blog Anniversary post, I just forgot to mention it. LOL Happy Birthday little blog! Better later than never, right?
Critics contend that this deal amounts to bankers buying their way out of jail. Which of course it does. This from Politicalvelcraft.org:
“Perhaps you should get her to ring me then?”
I can’t help but keep adding whipped cream to every sip I take. I have a feeling this can is going to be empty pretty soon! Oh and I noticed something as well. With these cans that have a swirly nozzle, more pressure gives bigger swirls! :O You probably already knew that. It just seems like such a revelation to me. Oh well.. *another sigh
D:" Hey K, knock knock!"
Going on a girls only trip pretty soon but I want to wait another week to tell you about it.
I came into preparations for The Papercut Haggadah with a passing familiarity with Passover and the elements of the Seder, but no idea of the richness of the tradition of the Haggadah or its development both as a body of texts and rituals, and as a written or printed artifact.
So tell me! What kind of project would YOU attempt with these itty bitty things? Would you be tempted to save them and make them into a fun project? I think this is a fun way of repurposing something that most people would just throw away! I'm saving the world! Well, okay, maybe I'm giving myself too much credit but I am proud that I'm finding uses for these scraps! Give me more ideas!!
UPDATE–March 28, 2012
3 easily
The congratulations came from an unlikely source--the grandmother of this child, the mother of the sweet birth mother who chose adoption for her baby girl.
I want to create and destroy and love.
won’t be easy since has a very low center of gravity
As it's the last Saturday of the challenge, and yet again I'm struggling to find a good Y book/author that I've been inspired by (I'm really not a fan of this last section of the alphabet), I've decided to have another musical post.
OK, I realize you can't actually read the tape measure from this angle (I just noticed that in fact) but surely you cannot doubt this Dick-head's honesty and integrity. Besides, I've got nothing to prove here.
Now, I did say in my first post on this subject that I hoped some kind person would take on a pup from the Scottish Pyrenean Rescue organisation. Unfortunately, of the three homes visited, all three were vetoed by the staff as being unsuitable homes for the little one. Yesterday we received a text to say that wee Lauren is still looking for a home.
Did Bo outgrow
I can’t believe that 38 years have already passed since the day Duane Allman hopped on his Harley after a party in Macon, Georgia– not knowing it would be for the last time. He only got a few miles down the road, when a truck turned in front of him and Duane clipped it’s back end. Allman lost control, and the Harley landed on top of him, sustaining injuries that would take his life within a few short hours. The lead guitarist of the Allman Brothers Band, who was gaining huge acclaim for his exciting and innovative sound and style, was dead at age 24.
To finish off the poster I added simple graphics, a tag line I thought of and made the eyes glow. I always enjoyed seeing Batman’s eyes white in the cartoons; I would love to see a movie with this effect on all the characters. So, till my script is done enjoy this photo.
because you migrate here in such numbers, take our houses, jobs and our future.
Music lovers can listen to the accuracy of the fingers; the paper quoted Kraft Sor, Aguado and Tarrega dialun solo harmony.
Light boxes can be purchased for between $200 and $500. Some healthcare providers and healthcare supply companies also rent the fixtures. This gives a patient the opportunity to have a trial run of the therapy before making the investment in a light box. Recently, several new light box products have become available.
The report’s, lead author Andrew Wendruff, of the University of Alberta, in Edmonton, says its distinctive shape could be due to two options.
“Fight against the disbelievers and the hypocrites and be harsh with them.”
I guess it was pretty convincing because hardly a golfer went by without buying some. And it kept them entertained for a good 3 hours, though I stayed close by to supervise. I am sure we will be doing this again during the summer.
-rw-r–r– 1 root sys 2278 Aug 18 2004 system-INSTALL
as your pages turn.
Unbeknownst to one another, they both build fledgling lives in America, Ciro masters shoemaking and Enza takes a factory job in Hoboken until fate intervenes and reunites them. But it is too late: Ciro has volunteered to serve in World War I and Enza, determined to forge a life without him, begins her impressive career as a seamstress at the Metropolitan Opera House that will sweep her into the glamorous salons of Manhattan and into the life of the international singing sensation, Enrico Caruso.
In other news: the second day in my Norwegian class went a lot better than yesterday. We flew through the book and my pronounciation was a lot better than yesterday. Two more days of intensive Norwegian lessons and I should be able to buy an apple!
Would you ever try using a Ouiji board?
So what, you ask? Contrast these cases.
the mens’ chest shaved and
Important Submission Information Please Read Carefully.
You asked for it, and here it is! There will be a total of four stops. At the first stop, you will get a punch card. We will be punching cards at all of the stops But, VERY IMPORTANT, we will only be handing out the cards at the first stop, between 6pm and 7pm. Thus, you still need to start between 6 and 7. Then, at 9 pm, everybody will gather at the final stop and that is where we will award prizes. The prize for making all four stops will be our way cool, special pub crawl pint glass. We will have a limited supply. And as always, designated drivers are both eligible for the award and encouraged to attend! So here is the layout:
Thanks Alfie!
And since I don't drink I got a pretty sweet buzz. And promptly ordered two (cheeseless) pizzas and an order of buffalo wings. When they arrived I realized I ordered one with anchovies. Which are delicious, but still. YAY BEER.
· Frequency of 23 trains to be increased.
acyrlic paint (stamped-brushed-stencil...your choice of application)
1. Nothing with a youneek spelling
I'm also thinking of various topics. For example, one of the things I touched on but didn't go in-depth with in Cyberlama was the idea of defining life. Two of the scientists in the book had an on-going debate about what microorganisms were considered to be alive. That debate is interesting to me, so I thought I could make more of it in my new book. But I also wanted to explore social media and the idea of connectedness. That's another scientific project. So, do I now have a group of scientists to work with? Maybe, I wouldn't want all of my characters to be scientists. Or maybe I do?
Movement: Yep
-N. Eldon Tanner 1977
In my short time in the fitness industry I’ve bumped into many people who are afraid. It seems some are afraid they’ll fail, or they are afraid of the gear, machines or weights or maybe it’s the changes and how some of their friends and family might feel as they embark on a journey to health and wellness.
THE SNOWSTORM
Return to the School of Medicine Welcome Find Jobs Sign In Job Detail
Thirty-One is that a good majority of their products can be personalized!
Have you ever wondered why the early church was so strong in its faith? It all boils down to one simple word – devotion. They devoted themselves to what they believed in. They devoted themselves to learning more about Jesus. They devoted themselves to being with each other so that they could learn from each other and encourage each other. They devoted themselves to remembering what Jesus did for them every time they gathered together for a meal. Most importantly, they devoted themselves to prayer. They knew that prayer is a powerful weapon against the enemy and they used it frequently.
Mix everything well. Hands work best. If the mixture seems too loose, add more bread crumbs. If it feels too dry and tight, add water or non-dairy milk.
Lineup -
The flavor of rich toffee with a hint of berries. Delicious with fruit and greek yogurt or simply on toast. It's amazing flavor is something you can only know if you try it yourself. Truly the best honey EVER! (The Crissy Field Warming Hut is where I by mine.)
The new recipe is:
This analysis of data revealed that driving behaviors (measured as violations, convictions and historical crashes linked to specific drivers) are linked to specifically measurable increased risk of becoming involved in a crash. Perhaps more notable is the conclusion that;
Hans Bader, a scholar with the Competitive Enterprise Institute, addressed recent examples of Obama’s ignorance when he mocked Republicans as members of the Flat Earth Society in Columbus’ day for their skepticism of his green energy policies, among which was a hearty endorsement of algae—pond scum, but Columbus’ contemporaries knew the Earth was round, but doubted he could reach Asia via the Atlantic Ocean. Bader noted that Obama “falsely attributed to Muslims the invention of printing and even falsely claimed that Morocco was the first country to recognize the United States as a new nation.”
As a mountaineer and hiking guide, David is on the front lines of climate change. Over the past 15 years he has worked in the Columbia Icefields of the Canadian Rockies, and has noticed profound changes in the mountains: climate change is rendering these landscapes unrecognizable.
Source: Pre-FM
It's not a series for professionals, because I'm not one. It's a series for me, the me who got my camera three years ago and didn't know what the heck I was doing. I'm hoping it will be of help to you too!
Speciality beers possibly more
"Uh...thanks."
My biggest fear right now is actually that of a late loss. A loss so late that I won’t get another shot at getting pregnant again because of my age. I was so extremely lucky in getting pregnant in my first IVF cycle. I know I won’t be this lucky again if we had to try again.
If you have any questions, please contact us immediately.
1 impact
The fact that you are, as the result of this Cause, is enough purpose in and of itself. It is even greater, this purpose, that the same Cause is still moving you, still pushing, still beckoning. It is in following that beckoning, that calling, that we become individuals, and our worth is found.
When I first started writing in 2007 I had no idea what I was doing. I knew I wanted to write but I didn't know what or how. I did a writing course which set me on the right track but it wasn't enough for me. So I joined a writing group which did the trick. I gained support and valuable advice from the other members of the group which gave me the confidence as well as the know-how on how to write, pitch and get my work published. I will be eternally grateful to them as well as to my blogging friends.
To put this maelstrom of unfact into perspective, we are supposed to believe that the Cabbageeating swine infesting the Smoke fled town with shit streaked breeks when the Bonnie Prince threatened to drop by, kicked the Frogs in the nuts and then lost the bulk of the productive North American land mass; all in 30 years! One thing that we can be sure of though is that
"Hey love, I'm leaving for Brussels tomorrow, so my flat's free if you want to get out of your house. I'll be round the corner tonight and I have a spare key for you. Come and meet me. Byeee!"
As I was thinking through these things, I began to wonder what a child might say or write to their parents about emotional distance. Maybe, if they still cared and had enough concern left, they would write it in a letter. And maybe the letter would read something like this.
That's us burling down the backroad to the CAR PARK where I needed to drop off the Cherub ten minutes ago. He has an urgent appointment with the Duke of Edinburgh Team. Not satisfied with an earlier attempt which was rained off (Scottish summers... fill in your own thoughts here...), my baby is off camping again. A bus with him and twenty of his dearest pals is off to Aberfoyle for the weekend. Last time they tried this they were flooded out and had to return home at 2 in the morning. This time they will get that Bronze award or... or I dunno develop some kind of fungal rot in the attempt.
Starting this week I will have some new posts. In the meantime, here's what we've been up to:
We were told what time we were swimming with the dolphins, then we were sent on our way to enter the cove, with a lovely little plastic map (that could also attach to the necklace we had to wear). As we were walking down through the lovely tropical surroundings, we could hear all sorts of birds chirping away. Pickle asked me 'Mum, are those bird noises real or just recordings?'. I chuckled...'They are real, they have an Avery here.' As we kept on walking through the jungle path, Dill is making comparisions of the place looking like the Jurassic Park of Universal, and the bird noises were getting louder and such a different RANGE of birds, I was beginning to think maybe it WAS a recording!
It’s not known how many of these 132,398 'attempted murders' since 2002, also have died later from their injuries. Some become so long-term traumatised and paralysed that it takes many months or even years to die... and the police won't change those deaths to 'murders' because, they claim, these deaths 'could be from other non-related medical causes'...
Despite the incontrovertible evidence provided here that rats are clean, healthy, and beautiful, I still feel as if it won’t be enough to change the massive bigotry governing Americans’ thinking. I can only shake my head in despair and know I am doing my part in creating a welcoming home for these warm, loving creatures. One of these days, I won’t walk into a pet store and be asked if I’m purchasing a rat as a pet or as… complete the delicately trailed off sentence here. One of these days, America, your eyes will be opened to your ignorant prejudice and intolerance!
I enjoyed the start of this movie,minutes in and Johnnie (Stephen Dorff) is sat on his bed with two cheerleaders dancing half naked at the end of his bed,minutes later and his life is back to normal,walking around with a depressing demeanor.
This is nonsense.
Okay, so here we go. Get ready.
In talking with women over the years, I have found that no matter how beautiful they were they always found faults within themselves regarding their appearance.
Overall, it was a winning weekend, I would say.
I haven't written shit on here since like 1983, and yet I'm still getting dozens of hits a day on this ridiculous internets www blog diary journal notebook. What is the deal? And more importantly, how can I profit off of you weirdos? I'm serious. I need money.
I confess there were a lot of little liars in my neighborhood growing up.
Romeo and Tadeo are two galgos that I did a photo shoot with in Solvang. That Saturday morning it had remained overcast, the night before having been foggy. So with all that cloud cover the light was very diffuse and wonderful.
“Soul Brother #1,”The Godfather of Soul,” “Mr. Dynamite,” “Sex Machine,” “The Minister of the New New Super Heavy Funk.” These are some of the names by which the world would eventually know James Joseph Brown, Jr., the revolutionary musical figure who was born on this day in 1933. The story Brown himself would often tell is that he appeared stillborn when he first came into the world, but that an aunt attending his birth managed to breathe life into him.
Lockable front swivel wheels
in the closed forecast any late developments touch this avenue more realistically
Brodie added:
Aeons on aeons gone,
I can't remember a summer that I didn't enjoy the sweet and sour crunch of these cucumbers alongside whatever we pulled off of the grill. The funny thing is, I also can't remember ever preparing this dish for myself. I always just find a jarful in my mom or my grandma's fridge each summer.
Mark 8:12
Hi ya friends! Thanks so much for stopping by today to see what I have made for my weekly Our Creative Corner sample. Our hostess this week is the lovely and talented Vicki Burdick and she has a sweet sketch to challenge us this week.
It’s always been important to me to take poetry to places it doesn’t normally go. I love being poet in residence at my beloved Brighton & Hove Albion FC. My epic poem Goldstone Ghosts – about my 46 years as an Albion fan and our battle as fans to save our club from greedy moneymen – adorns the wall in our new supporters’ bar and that means a lot to me.
At kegging, the lemon took over. It's tart almost at sour only from the half ounce dry hop. But this is still the taste warm and flat. If it continues, I'd want a bit more sweetness to shine through to balance the tang of the lemon.
I'm sure I'll share more as time goes on.
We need to simplify. We need to make simpler choices, so we have time to paddle around our little bay.
In the past, I've done presentations for a number of Mother's Day banquets. One of my favorite things to share is ideas to make memories with your child. But of course, I have to begin by sharing a humorous story. This is a favorite that I've read in email: My grandson was visiting one day when he asked, "Grandma, do you know how you and God are alike?" I mentally polished my halo while I asked "No, how are we alike? "He replied" You're both old".
What a wonderful place this is in the foothills of the Drakensburg. Rolling hills as far as the eye can see interspersed with gullies and dams and every now and then herds of blesbok either grazing peacefully on the grass – still green, thanks to the late rains – or running across the landscape like the moving shadow of a cloud.
Give the world the best you've got anyway.
2010 was a year full of amazement, happiness as well as struggles, though luckily not in our immediate "pod" as I like to say. I am so happy and blessed to have an amazing husband and children. Every day I am thankful for them all and so very lucky.
REASONS TO GO: Gorgeous cinematography, clever narration by Allen and compelling storyline.
I’ll reprint the section about hurdles facing the Brooklyn project and interpolate clarification and commentary. The article states:
A couple weeks ago, my friend Diana complained about something Oregon State University had sent 'round that contained a letter or report from a teacher talking about how a student's interest had been "peaked." In case you are one of the thousands who apparently don't know, if your interest has "peaked," it means it has reached its upper limit. The word this teacher really wanted is "piqued," meaning the student's interest had been awakened.
When some bartenders call out a customer right after the first or second round, I give the customer three chances (just like three strikes). After the third round of being stiffed, I pull the customer aside and check in with them. I ask them if the drinks and the service being provided is okay. If they answer yes with a smile, I then let them know that when a customer doesn't tip, it makes the bartender think that there is a problem with the drinks or service and because they haven't tipped me on any of the rounds that they've ordered, it leads me to believe that there might be a problem.
I love the way my children get along. It really is different than anything I have ever seen before in siblings - and yet I have also seen it in other homes in my adult life...but not in my childhood, and certainly not in my household growing up. (I was a terrible big sister.)
Several Paul loyalists said they harbor hope for getting Paul nominated at the national convention in Tampa in late August.
By now, you’ve survived the madness that is San Diego Comic-Con 2010. Sure, there were some pretty cool panels, and some great celebrity appearances, but what you came home with was a ton of interesting stuff. In case you missed something, here’s my guide to some of the most interesting swag at the con and where you can find it now.
Our vow renewal is in a little over a month,
To reach the final: Liverpool 4/9 (Victor Chandler), Man City 2/1 (Bet365)
This is the third and final installment in Hoag's Oak Knoll series. It would do well as a stand-alone read, but it was nice to revisit charaters such as Anne and Vince Leone, Tony Mendez, and young Wendy.
“Just think about it. The cash is dope; you could buy that Coleco-Vision you want. Just think about it, K, G?”
I recommend you give it a try too. Whatever kind of book you’re writing, check a few similar titles for reviews. Obviously your book isn’t exactly like any other, but you may learn something about the market for your book.
Sirloin steak, asparagus, crescent rolls
To quote Hamlet: "...this most excellent canopy, the air, look you, this brave o’erhanging firmament, this majestical roof fretted with golden fire,— why, it appears no other thing to me than a foul and pestilent congregation of vapours."
We all talked about how great this Mardi Gras was, and how great Mardi Gras is, and we talked about the horrible parts of Mardi Gras, too. The horrible parts weren't so horrible for us, but maybe they were bad. No one was stabbed or shot, which does happen randomly, but sometimes a drunk participant would say something rude, maybe shove you, or as happened to us, gropes you. Grabs you where you shouldn't be grabbed.
Hello everyone, here's my belated Queen's Day post! On this national holiday everybody wears orange and sometimes with hints of the Dutch flag, so that's exactly what I did here. I started with the orange and then layered the red, white and blue on top, using tape for crisp lines. This mani took forever to make as I had to wait three times in between for my polish to dry before I could place the tape on my nails, but it was definitely worth it and I received many compliments on it that day. ^^
(I left off frequent commenter The Rat, because he’s not said anything recently that falls into the above categories, at least not that I can remember. Sorry Rat, you’ll just have to stoop lower next time.)
Here are 5 unexpected teamwork tips I learned from watching Bridalplasty:
They were informed that if they chose to make any comment, their comment would be posted in full; and if received after 15:00 hrs on 21 February, 2011; the page would be updated to reflect their late commentary.
2 Liters of water
*If this actually ruins her life, a) she's a pussy and b) um, whoops.
And wasn’t flame from flame.
Early that morning, I stepped off a curb while running and felt a sharp pain in my foot. X-rays showed a 5th metatarsal fracture. No weight-bearing for 6 to 8 weeks. Boo.
Disappointing beer, although interesting because of that smell.
The way out? Admit that you have a problem; it is the first step out of any problem. Then share it with someone or some people, teams will battles better than individuals.
We had also heard rumours that the place might be a stalking ground for older Gatineau men looking for a cheap hook-up. That turned out not to be the case, and for that let us all be eternally thankful.
Please go.
Whatever the reason might have been, I finally pushed through it this weekend and watched it. I don’t have a lot of thoughts to share, but I do have some. The few I have though might result in some long winded (worded) tangents though, so at this point there is no telling how short or not short this post is going to be. Also my thoughts are not really all that organized, so I’m sure this post will be jumbled. But hey, you should be used to that by now, so hopefully you won’t mind.
However, this time, out of nowhere, I felt the urge to check on my long lost love interest of 20 years ago (Mind you she probably never knew of said interest…). Yes, just like that, it turned out that Thursday was the day the Lord had made for me to take a trip to where it all began: my old junior high.
Paul felt the same way on the road to Damascus. Fortunately, for him, he met the Lord at that time. If he had not met Him then, he certainly would have met Him at the Great White Throne judgment as Judge and then, be condemned to the lake of fire.
commence this savage misery.
Got you
The last time I popped in with a playroom update, I shared that I decided to update the color. Again. And part of the reason was to get rid of the too blue feeling and another reason because of a little project I had up our sleeves. So the color went from Behr's Prelude to Behr's Reflecting Pool:
Of course, knowing Roadrunner Rick, it could've been a show of solidarity with Arizona and Perry thought he was killing another kind of coyote.
In February, Rep. Jeff Miller, R-Fla., the House Veterans Affairs Committee chairman, proposed VA could at least provide health care for Camp Lejeune veterans by creating a special health care category that covered them. The cost of care could be paid, Miller suggested, by $5 billion in excess health care funds the VA discovered when preparing the 2013 budget.
Potato, boiled until soft, 2 pcs, cut into bite size
Opening it up, you can see the goodies - a stitched floss tag with some floss drops (my first!), a fat quarter of finishing fabbie, two red heart buttons, Carrie's Creations thread and my fave DMC Color Variations colour.
The red-faced-sailor
The Kaboodle Doodles Challenge this week is Baby It's Cold Outside and this week's winner will receive 3 awesome images from The Stamping Boutique. My card features one of Tracey's Smoochie images "Winter Time Smoochie" which I colored with my Copics. I also colored my ricrack ribbon with my marker so it matches perfectly. I used my Art Philosophy cart to make the snowflake and outlined with stickles. All paper is CTMH and (gasp) I didn't distress anything. I did pop up the snowflake and the image with some foam for dimension. I ran the Moonstruck cardstock thru my Cuddlebug and used the snowflake folder. Now it's your turn!
By the way, I’ve successfully attended six French classes without being a lazy pig. Well well, I’ve to say it’s really hard to remember everything I was taught and of course vocabulary and verbs.
At issue was some progressive newcomers' inability to pony up the $1,000 they'd all agreed to contribute to publish the slate cards. Those will be going out soon to the roughly 23,000 "perfect women voters" in the city, meaning females who've voted in the past five city elections.
Sunday before church I was looking over all the Sunday challenges and the one for Stampin' Sister's In Christ intrigued me because my praying angel card felt unfinished to me. The sermon at church was about encouragement, the challenge was about encouragement, hmmm.
Schloss Eggenberg, by the way, has been "mentioned" over 1000 years ago (in the year 971 to be exact). Their "liquid bread" was brewed for the inhabitants of that area at that time. The family Forstinger-Stöhr has possessed the brewery for over 200 years and has since been constantly developed and modernized by their ancestors.
The assassins, the key members o the clandestine tunnel, and the Serbian Military conspirators have been arrested, and are in custody at the time. It is said that they are to be tried next month.
4) An estimated 2.1 million illegal aliens will be eligible for DREAM Act amnesty.
but I can love less of them!
Back in those days I had more disposable cash flow. Now I don't. And that's ok. It's life. I get it.
Had fun using my Copics again but noticed I need to practice more, it's been a while! Here is a very short list of the products I used. Card stock: PTI, Ink: Palette black, Dies: Spellbinders, Digital Image: Delighted2Design, Copic markers.
Harry Brown reviewed by Liam Jose
Grace is also wisdom. Grace means taking measures to keep a distance from those who are abusive, so as to ensure one’s own safety. Grace rules, not death penalty.
A cross-country trip to meet her father forces Anna to face the reality that hope and love are not options for her kind. When she
These after photos show a more accurate color of the linen and threads. I ran into a problem when finishing. There was only 2" of fabric left on one end of the design and it called for 3" on both ends in order to use the buttons/buttonholes. So I took the fabric I cut off the sides and made handles! It is too small to be a tote bag, but it is a beautiful purse.
“He told me Umno was suppressing him to a point that his car was splashed with paint on one occasion,” said Ooi, adding that he also helped Razali find an employer when he was in financial difficulty.
We're ready for the concert. We had our usual fits and starts tonight at rehearsal, as happens right before a performance. But we laughed through them, tried them again, worked them out.
What works for you to keep your children organized?
In the download, just click on the image above, you will find, a coloured frame in both jpg and png formats, a coloured frame with the word 'MUM' inside, in jpg and png formats, and a digi stamp of the original frame in jpg and png as well.
Almighty God, as we approach your altar to participate in the divine sacrifice of your only-begotten Son, we wonder what we think we are doing here. We are jerks. We are incredible hypocrites. We spent the morning primping in front of the mirror, shrieking at the kids, and pouting at our husbands. We approach you with fear and trembling, and wonder if there’s any possible way we could be reconciled to you in your goodness and your glory.
Deutsche Bank filed a motion for summary judgment arguing that, as mortgagee, it had the right to accelerate upon Osorto’s default and that enforcing the note would not affect the rights of other bona fide lenders or purchasers. A summary judgment hearing was held and, at the hearing, Deutsche Bank presented to the court the original note bearing a blank endorsement, along with the mortgage. The trial court entered final judgment of foreclosure, requiring full payment of the principal amount plus interest and costs. In the alternative, if the amounts were not paid, public sale would take place on March 22, 2011. After filing a motion for rehearing, but before a trial court ruling on the motion, Osorto filed this appeal.
We meet a fair number of new characters in this book, and it’s just awesome! We meet Sydney, and Alchemist, with Alchemists being a group of humans who know all about Moroi, Strigoi and Dhampirs, and has a unique way of “cleaning up” when guardians leave around dead Strigoi bodies. She’s very off-ish at first, but I really liked her! She’s very resourceful, and also opinionated about all the Vampire Academy races. I like how she’s wary of Rose, and doesn’t trust her. It’s great to have a human’s view and opinion. We also meet Dimitri’s family in Siberia; Olena, Dimitri’s mother; Karolina, Sonya, and Viktoria, Dimitri’s sisters; Yeva, Dimitri’s grandmother, and Paul, Dimitri’s niece. They are everything you would have thought them to be, considering they’re related to Dimitri; they’re kind, they’re caring, and they soon start thinking of Rose as one of their own. I love them! We meet the mysterious and slippery Abe, a non-royal Moroi with a lot of money, who just oozes untrustworthiness. We also meet Oksana, a Moroi, and Mark an ex-guardian, who are a bonded married couple. Oh, how we learn such wonderful things from them about Spirit, things that not even Adrian knows about. It’s exciting and wonderful, and I look forward to how things will span out Spirit wise in the next book.
Who was he?
I commit to put myself first from now on. Not in a selfish “me, me, me” way but in the sense that I need to be whole person to take care of and make a difference to the other people in my life. I can’t be a good mom or girlfriend if I am sick or stressed. I can’t focus on school if my mind is pulled in a million different directions. I can’t work in an environment where it’s celebrated when people tear other people down.
Zara Home does not have stores in the US nor do they ship online orders ship to America. This retail embargo irks me because I love me some ZH merchandise. Their product lineup reminds me of Anthropologie, albeit some of it is less crafty/bohemian looking. I've been in a few of their stores in Europe and I desperately wish they would set up shop in my home country...prefereably in Dallas :)
More women taking on welding jobs
“When people talk to one another and listen to one another they can quickly understand points of agreement as well as differences, and resolve those differences in real-time,” noted Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the USPTO David Kappos. “Initial results from this pilot are very impressive and show that interviews present a clear path to resolve issues and move prosecution forward quickly.”
Why I like statement necklaces:
I have a huge obsession with hats. I've got a shelf full of them, and every time I walk past a rack of them I get all giddy inside. There's something so fun about them! I especially love huge ones that no one in their right minds would wear - at least in the US. I mean look at how cool the Brits look in all of their fascinator glory. I saw we start a movement to get more Americans to wear cooler hats.
It’s been rather hectic and tiring here in lemurland. Who knew hosting guests would take so much out of you? So I thought I’d just throw out quick reviews of some things I’m watching/reading/playing.
just like a perverted Cinderella, wills has to find the right hole that can sustain his enormous reptilian dinosaur cock (as they are all reptilian shape-shifters, the royals) - the exact right fit, for there is a girl out there that will - it has been predestined through dna, and it will most likely be a relative of his!
"Oh yes. But the doctor assured me they'll go away."
As some of you may know, I'm a proud new Father of a baby boy and as a homebrewer I decided it would be apropriate to give out bottles of homebrew instead of the traditional cigar (or cigar shaped gum, if that's your thing). For the style I chose to go with something that would have a fairly wide appeal and be drinkable, instead of a big beer that would age well. I also wanted it to have an interesting flavor profile. I settled on Belgian Pale Ale, I figured the flavors from a Belgian yeast would make a nice tasty brew that most would enjoy.
I also happen to be in love with postcards, vintage embroidered postcards, and farmers markets.
Hopefully the 4 day layoff from work gets me a little re-energized. Some new projects to work on during the day and some new Linden cards to chase. Should be fun.
well not until I had an idea it might be on the Daring Cardmakers blog and googled it, finding that I wrote it almost exactly 4 years ago. If you are curious, it's here
and make new spaces
If you guessed over $90/month, you get a free kick in the ovaries.
The next weekend it was Linda and I off to see Third Day and Matt Maher in concert, Friday night. Always a favorite, this band rocks. We had so much fun!!!
National Free Press.com
Yesterday, though, I woke up before 8am with the most severe hip and lower back pain that I have had yet. I decided not to get out of bed at all. And then I started to cry. Because there is nothing worse than having all of this free time and so much to get done and no energy or stamina or…you know…hips…to do all of it with. By the time MB got home, I had gotten out of bed and even managed to cook a very lazy meal for MB and venture out for a necessary shopping trip. A really quick one. But I was a zombie. I felt an overwhelming sense of something. Not dread, exactly. And not frustration, completely. And not only sadness. It was like a mix of powerlessness, hopelessness and loss all at the same time. Why? I don’t know. Maybe because I know I won’t feel normal again for several weeks and I might not ever accomplish the baseboard cleaning that I am desperately yearning to do. Or maybe because I will never have a day again where not getting out of bed is an option. Or maybe just because I am a pregnant, emotional wreck with only 40-something days until she does the biggest, most important thing in the whole world and the uncertainty is starting to wear her down. Who knows?
P.S the lace was from a pair of pj's that I bought, and then altered because they didn't fit properly! (the pj's had never been worn) , its great I have never had lace available to put on a card, so I enjoyed using it here!
Thanks so much for your support so far, I'm having a blast on this journey and hope you're all able to find that inner fire that pushes you to keep following your dreams,no matter how crazy they may seem to somebody else!
No Sunday School on Sunday, April 8th.
I'm not sure what company makes the papers I used on this card, but the white one has glitter on it :) and I also added some glitter to my flowers which were made with a Marianne Designs die set. I also die cut the image with a Marianne Designs frame.
One last time.
Bronze Star Medals (2), 1971
Anyway.....
1 plays
Please describe your design process.
The good is what is most in accord with the reason that directs our cosmos. The order, the logos, the principles of Nature, and our nature, is what should guide us. While humans have passions, our essence is our ability to reason, to see the order in disorder, to seek the best within the chaos. We should strive in all we do to come into sync with this. If we do, we will be freest from our passions to come into sync with the world. And this will naturally produce the least suffering possible from our position in this order.
* Sinful Skin Softeners:
Otherwise he’ll be on the outside looking in in the near future. But for now it’s good news for MotoGP fans everywhere. The Mad Fro Man will be around next season with top level equipment and potential to win. Many think the 1000cc bikes will fit his style better. With luck that’s true because Simoncelli has the potential to be the next big thing in GP racing. Or the next flunk out. It’s still up to him. With a factory HRC bike there’s no reason he can’t win a race or two. As for Dovizioso while I understand why he’s getting dumped… it’s never good to see a top 5 finisher in the championship demoted like this.
Former Wall Street practitioners say the Street does not lend itself to a lot of introspection. "The world of investment bankers and especially the trading floor region is notoriously hermetically sealed,'" says Kenneth Froewiss, a retired JPMorgan Chase investment banker and former finance professor at New York University's Stern School of Business. "The walls may be filled with screens beaming the latest news, but there is typically an obliviousness as to what is happening across the street."
Venners S, et al. Preconception serum DDT and pregnancy loss: A prospective study using a biomarker of pregnancy. Am J Epidemiol 2005; 162: 1-8.
others. So keep helping those around you stand strong and tall; help them
Command Master Chief Pat Reynolds, 44, of Lubbock, Texas, has been in the Navy for 25 years but has been aboard the Cole for only three weeks. He requested duty on the Cole in part because he was impressed with the crew’s ability to come together to save the ship.
"His basket is bigger than mine!"
Darryl, as usual, was kickass. I loved his no nonsense attitude during the attempted zombie disposal. I also loved how he showed up to save Carol at the last minute.
Jasper
By way of background not in the journals. Wavering Libations (W.L.) is a poem that looks at twenty different scenes. Ten look at the vices of the world through the eyes of ten Greek gods from ancient mythology. The other ten look at ten scenes depicting the virtues of the world through the corresponding Roman gods, by which I mean that Ares will have a corresponding Mars, and Zeus will have Jupiter.
Chief Constable (Non-London) – “The boss”. Larger forces’ Chief Constables tend to have been CCs elsewhere first. Chris SIMS (West Midlands) was formerly CC of Staffordshire.
First off, a doff of the hat to Maisie Williams as Arya this episode. Her scene with Tywin Lannister was one of the best of the week. And it takes a special fierceness from a child actress (though she’s 15 so she’s not that young. She just looks absurdly young) to stand out in a scene with the imposing Charles Dance as Twyin. He reminds me of Christopher Lee as Saruman in Lord of the Rings. Yet, Maisie Williams made her lines ring harder than Valyrian steel. The child actors in this show have been without question impressive. Also, Iain Glen hasn’t had much to do this season as Ser Jorah (who is my favorite non-point of view character in the books. Along with, surprisingly enough, the Hound). But this week, he had a really great scene with Emilia Clarke (who looked stunning this week. She wasn’t wearing the dress she was supposed to be wearing from the books, but that’s a dumb complaint). There’s a lot of chemistry between these two, and they both showed some pains. Jorah loves her and must protect her at the cost of his happiness. And Dany doesn’t feel the same way about Jorah but still deeply cares for the man who has protected her through so much.
Why should we fear the darkness?
No, I despise George Lucas for that. Michael Bay is just an idiot. If I despised idiots, I'd never leave the house.
It has been demonstrated that, when librarians and teachers work together, students achieve higher levels of literacy, reading, learning, problem-solving and information and communication technology skills.
Now if you must have some snacks in your house, I suggest getting those that come in individual packets that way you can still be in control of how many calories you are eating. Why? Because I think finishing a small bag of chips and stopping there, is easier to do than opening a large one, grabbing 12 chips and putting it away. At the end of the day, you need to do what you feel the most comfortable with because that is what will ultimately work FOR you, but what works for me is keeping it out of sight or reach and thus out of my mind.
We believe there are fire breathing dragons called Leviathan (Job 41).
But that may not be the greater goal of stalling the front wing. Instead the aim may be managing the balance of the car through out its speed range. This would be done by the loss of downforce altering the cars Centre of Pressure.
so you are going to have to wake up and get ready to walk.
I was raised in a land where I could spend an afternoon lolling around with a horse, riding off by myself when I was about 10 and no one questioning where I was , other than, Oh, she was in the barn with Star last time I looked.
Tribeca.
Saint of the Day
I continued the first section of the novel, June.
Our species has been around for about 200,000 years, and we know next to nothing about the first 195,000 of those years. What was the "meaning" of those lives?
AUBURN, CALIFORNIA – There was a lot of confusion and frustration from about 1,200 people who were all summoned to show up for jury duty at the Placer County Courthouse at the same time Tuesday morning, only to find out it was all a mistake.
“I think Free-ranging your kids is also a feminist issue(and I say this as a man who was a stay at home parent until my son was in grade one). Every one of these articles (that I have seen) has been about a MOTHER allowing her child to do something which someone else decided could put the child at risk. It is about increasing the burden on women: of denying their right, and fitness, to make judgments about their children’s abilities; making supervision of children an onerous full-time occupation(or at least a MORE onerous one). It is about creating artificially high standards as a salve to couples who have two careers and have to pay for care.
Whitehead
(They didn't. Thought I'd remind you.)
I always can tell a book is good if it can make me laugh and cry in the same breath!
1 large butternut squash, washed and cut into wedges (no need to peel)
If you look underneath the cumbersome English phrase "gratefully acknowledge" and just focus on the feeling of the Hebrew words Modeh/Modah, it's almost like the sensation of kvelling, a Yiddish word that means "to feel joy in your entire being." Kvelling expresses a sense of fullness or completeness because something wonderful is happening or because you feel loved and connected to a best friend, a beloved partner, or a child whose joyfulness makes you feel alive.
Dusty just smiled and took my beer from me
The challenge this week is again the brainchild of DT member Lynne-to use some aspect of the game of chess! You might want to use a checkerboard pattern, or feature a King, Queen, Knight or Castle (Rook), or some other aspect of the game we haven't thought of - we just need to be able to clearly see CHESS in your creation!
Fortunately, Susan Price’s daemon is still around... and she has this brand new collection of short stories out for Kindle to prove it:
Taken: 09/25/2010
The race start was counted down and we were off! We got going running side by side with each other and the course started out with a couple of hills right around Lindsley Park (where the 5K was held). We powered through them though and from there the course took us onto the Santa Fe Trail which neither one of us had ever run on before. About the last half mile we got off the Santa Fe Trail and pushed on towards the finish line. It was probably about here were as a result of how hard we were running Teal first felt the need to throw up. As we got to about the 3 mile mark Beth was starting to need to throw up. Ha! Both of us successfully made it across that finish line without any throwing up. Although Beth can’t say that for after crossing the finish line. But that’s a sign of knowing you gave it your all in a 5K right???
In recent years, the name had been reused for a passenger charter steam locomotive service which runs on certain summer Sundays and some Saturdays, each year from Bristol Temple Meads, via Weston-super-Mare and Taunton to Torquay, Paignton and Kingswear.
That’s how such ‘saints’ try to fool you!
Earth Fare - October 13
The Tuluvas argue that there are several distinct features of Tulu Nadu that separate it from the rest of Karnataka, and give it an exclusive Tuluva flavour.
Stenehjem says because of the chilling effects of the Act, less coal will be mined in North Dakota causing a detriment to the state`s industry.
Nope. I'm tired. I don't want to fully wake up. That was just me thinking the way God would think (which is kinda the goal, ha).
300g pork belly
The judges were local celebrities. There was probably some huckster from the local rock radio station there. And some other hack. But the hack that mattered most to us was Rob Preuss. He was still the keyboardist for Burlington’s seemingly-coke-inspired, ‘80s hairspray pop band. The Spoons. He hadn’t yet traded in the sky-high pompadour for a mullet and a ride with Honeymoon Suite.
We spent a couple of hours at the museum, and learned that Hugo was Not Human. I have read Les Miserables (the whole thing, every single word, even the boring-to-me battles) and Hunchback (or, Notre Dame de Paris, to be accurate) and Toilers of the Sea, and already knew that he was a writing genius. But did you know he was well-versed in math and physics…
I had to share!
We like it hot, can ya tell? Add some Franks Hot Sauce (or your preferred brand) to the buttermilk.
If you're an author pursuing an award nomination, a little friendly competition is great, and there's nothing wrong with singing the praises of your own work, but denigrating the other nominees, insulting their readers, and criticizing the judges is definitely NOT going to help your cause in this year or any other.
Educational Trust. The journalist Nick Lowles is employed to write articles for Searchlight Magazine – however it is a
this wall that i’ve built up, surrounding me; it gets taller and stronger everyday. i read somewhere that, people who build up walls do it not because they’re hiding from the world, but because they’re waiting for the right person who would put in enough effort to climb over.
It’s Evil Cousin washing up after spending the night and as he drives off, he remembers where he knows her from- she’s the random girl who saw him for a grand total of one minute two years ago. Must.Kill.Her.To.Protect.Self.
While visions of sugar-plums danced in their heads;
I wanted to join in the March sketch challenge at Some Odd Girl as I purchased some stamps from there a little while back, but hadn't had a chance to use them. These girls are super fun to colour! This one is called Gifty Gwen.
Henry – there is something wrong with that one – will run about playing in the rain. He’s like a feline Gene Kelly on catnip!
I pounded through this book as well, then went back to my trusty source for all things King, Morgan Self. But that was it, the well was dry. So I went to Coles in the Oshawa Centre, surely to God they’d know what was coming. But they didn’t seem to know much about this insanely talented Godlike author and couldn’t tell me anything.
Fifteen years. How on earth can I have a child that's been on this planet for FIFTEEN YEARS? Especially since he's my youngest child?
I am writing this email to you today both to lend my support at this difficult time and (I hope this doesn’t sound opportunistic) to propose a business deal.
Synopsis: Quaid lives a pretty normal life as a construction worker, he has a nice place, a beautiful wife, but he can only think about one thing, going to mars! Since his wife doesn’t want to take the trip he goes to a company called Rekall. Supposedly, the company can sell you fake memories and implant them on to your brain, which you won’t be able to differentiate from real life! Unfortunately, the company has a reputation for messing with peoples minds and giving them brain embolisms! But Quaid is so desperate to see mars that he doesn’t care, so he buys the ticket and takes the ride. But something goes wrong, apparently Quaid isnt Quaid, he’s some douche bag called Houser! The process of messing with Quaid’s brain in order to implant the fake memories has awakened his real persona! And Houser wants his life back! This multi million dollar sci-fi adventure was directed by Robocop (1987) director Paul Veerhoven.
I'm not even entirely sure what pulled me back to this tonight. I've started a new blog recently, considering this one an abandoned housing complex in a Japanese suburb. It's a place I never thought anyone looked at anyway, so why bother with it? Several things have caught my attention tonight, however. The first thing is that there were actually comments left on some of the posts. It amazed me! I don't know how anyone ever came across this sad little blog, and I'm not sure why they took the time to read any of it. Though the things posted here all mean something to me (maybe just a bit, maybe a great deal), it seems surreal they would have captured someone else's attention. And the second thing I noticed was that I couldn't remember writing most of this. Some people keep whatever they've written in their head for all time. For me, it's gone. I have literally read my words before thinking "wow. This person and I think a lot alike." As I've re-read things, I've been made painfully aware of how many truly personal things I've shared here. I don't have a good explanation as to why. All the really inner things that you're supposed to keep private, it seems as if I went out of my way to put them down on virtual paper to share with anyone who cares to see it. I realize, also, how lonely my life really is. Not just before, but now, too. There are so few people with whom to share my thoughts that are truly curious. It seems that you find someone you believe yourself to connect with, and then they remove themselves from your life without any explanation. The lonliness still prevails. As does my natural melancholia.
You probably think $24 (the renewal fee) will assuage all those terrible feelings. It does go a long way, but if you want to demonstrate true remorse, you should include a US$5 late fee. Only then can real healing begin.
I have a couple of projects to share with you today using the Die-namics Let’s Toast set.
There are a lot of reasons. Some part of gamers, especially the younger ones play games to imagine themselves as someone else. We often dream about being omnipotent and all that powerful or we imagine ourselves as saviours or soldiers fighting for their country. Games let us melt into this fictional reality without any consequences and with ability to do anything we ever dreamed of. Right now, there are games that let us feel as if we were for example: knights battling dragons as in Skyrim, a soldier fighting terrorists as in Call of Duty or even a god as in Black & White. Another part of players seek ways to relax themselves after busy day at work. We work usually at least 8 hours a day and when we come back home, eat dinner and chat with our family we would like to calm a little. This is where a video games come. By playing we let all feelings and thoughts of hard day pass and by doing so we clear our mind. It may be hard to understand for our relatives but running with gun and shouting at the tv screen really relax. An hour length session makes us more at ease and much more friendly and polite when talking to them. Yet another group of us, players, play because they find games more interesting than movies or tv. It is not so hard to believe as among 300 channels there is literally nothing worth watching. Every movie is the same, every tv shows is similar and even tv quiz shows are no longer interesting, not to mention 25 edition of “You can dance” and so on. Games can provide really considerable amount of entertainment as they offer an interesting plot with ability to influence and outcome, rapid action and sense of accomplishment. Another argument for playing games is that they sometimes serve as a regular job. The best players are sponsored by companies such as Razer, Logitech or Intel and they are paid a regular salary well above an average. In addition they are given free accessories, peripherals or chips for representing their sponsors as well as tickets and stay in hotels all over the world in countries where tournaments are held.However I think that what is most important for players is a sense of competition. We desire to be better than others, to have better equipment, more gold or have the best skills. We spend time in virtual world in order to become better and better. It lies in our nature that when we do something we crave to be the very best and in games like War of Warcraft or Battlefield we have a lot of people to outrun. It is the reason why we spend so much time at our computers as we cannot accept a fact that someone is better than we are.
So there you go... just when I thought I was loosing track of time and wasting it... there is an explanation! I'm glad I tracked it down.
They stomped..........
oh P.S .I am going to brag a little and tell you how, my older daughter Ashley is here Nursing me back to health...she made me Ramen Noodles and Chicken salad sandwich....lol...I Love Her !! She really is a Godsend and I am the most blessed Momma in the world to have her for my daughter !
sean and are are actually blessed that both of our parents are still married and are wonderful people.
It also appears that the Door to Heaven, at least in this case, would not fit anyone taller than 6’2” or heavier than 320lbs.
England 1 (Beckham 10 minutes) - France 1 (Zidane 89 minutes).
will last over the years to come and we will continue to watch new eaglets with each season.
On my first visit in 1981 I ordered a bowl of chili with toast. First of all I've always been accustomed to eating chili with saltine crackers and the accompaniment of toast seemed odd to me. But what I got was just right. The chili was robust in tomatoey chili powder flavor, but it had a sweetness that balanced any spiciness quite nicely. I had never tasted a chili with that amount of sweetness and I was pleasantly surprised. The buttered toasted white bread made the perfect companion to the chili.
I'd love to hear from you about your experiences with shame. Were you shamed as a kid? How does it affect you as an adult? Do you struggle with trying not to shame your kids? Do you find yourself focusing so hard on parenting well, that some of those bad habits manifest in your marriage instead? Comment please!
* Attending and participating in meetings and case conferences within and outside the agency;
The reason I started this blog is because I am a really big nerd, and I want a place where I can post about books I’ve read and whether I loved them, hated them, thought they were so-so, etc. It’s going to be a place where you can find new books to read, share your opinion on them, or suggest books for me to read and post about (though, to warn you, I’ve read thousands of books in the past sixteen years. It may be hard to find one I haven’t read)
In a fascinating exchange between Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernankeand Congressman Paul Ryan, the Republican from Wisconsin accused the Fed of eroding peoples’ savings, creating a false sense of security by manipulating the yield curve, and bailing people out by indirectly engaging in fiscal policy.
Date: 23 August 2010
those first tentative steps
First Known Use: 13th century
When I do all the talking, I come away with no real sense of the nature of the problem and how to best fix it. My child reverts to silence and the occasional ‘yes’ or ‘no’ answer. This denies me the two things that I — and all parents — need most: more information as to what exactly is going wrong and secondly for the child to learn the lesson and remember it long enough to put in an improved performance at the next opportunity.
The student will investigate and understand basic types, changes, and patterns of weather. Key concepts include
Back to Croatia -- the interesting part, finally.
Thanks for taking one for the team, Nate!
It's unbelievable. I went through my bags that I take to signings and cleaned them out. I found all kinds of stuff that had hidden in the nooks and crannies. It's funny how crumbs can find there way into a bag where no food has ever been.
Las Vegas is like a magnet that draws people from all over the world. Everyone there is essentially a tourist. That's why everything can stay there because people will just go away and back to their normal lives wherever they live. It's a bit bizarre to realize the whole downtown city functions for one reason - tourism.
Bake for 15 to 17 minutes, or until golden
You never forget your firsts in this life. Metropolis was my first silent film. This was the white, black and steel-grey set of alien images that transfixed me nearly twenty years ago, beginning a love affair with a wonderful medium. If not for this film, Silent Volume might not exist. So I take Metropolis very personally.
The tears I shed of gratitude seem so weak and lacking life
And this was also K's gift to Amma and Appa on their 14th anniversary :) - how much sweeter can it get? The muffins rose beautifully and were soft and fluffy. Must be all the love and enthusiasm which went in with those tiny hands.
Blowing out the candles. Bronson was so funny. He ate 2 cupcakes...well the tops anyway. Then he poked his finger in each of the left over cupcakes. This boy loves the frosting best! We also enjoyed a toasted marshmallow shake with our cupcakes. Yummy! It was National S'more day too so I thought this gooey marshmallow treat was very fitting. ;)
when we are gone,
Jim: "It's pretty messy. I'm spilling cake all over the floor. The caramel is very chewy. I sound like I'm complaining, but I'm not. The cake is light, but still chocolatey. It's very good."
However I don't agree with the policies in place. I don't like that kids who are bullied feel like they can't fight back in fear of getting in trouble, or that parental intervention is discouraged. It's such a helpless position to be in.
As almost 12+ hours of work nearly each day with a couple of overnight server issues thrown in just to make things "interesting," everything has been coming up Stranded. Leaving me with little time for completing any of my projects, both at home and at the camp.
1 former
She predicted four outcomes – (1) a by-election is called and the case is withdrawn, (2) no by-election is called, (3) the case is thrown out by the court and (4) the legal case is won and the government is forced to call for a by-election.
Psh. People would act weird. They wouldn’t know what to do with their hands. Ricky Bobby’s all over the place. I’ve done it myself. And I pissed the deaf chick off. I just didnt know how to tell her what I wanted to. But I digress.
Today is our 5th official Fiskars Friday! Make sure to enter because as you already know, FISKARS has incredible cutting tools and they might just end up in YOUR craft room! This contest is bi-monthly so look for our FISKARS FRIDAY banner and make sure to enter following our simple rules below.
Headliner: Kjell Bjorgen (Comedy Central’s Live at Gotham)
They dug deep into the marshland to discover rich deposits of peat and started the process of what is now the Broads.
It’s not gratuitous to mention that America is now treading the same economic path where Weimar Republic once trod. Jews were the most prominent in the left’s leadership in Weimar too, with sorry consequences. Maybe a beacon of truth shined on all that can do some good both for America and for its Jews.
I was just in Math today
A hand that pulled me into a life I didn’t know existed
I am looking for people who would be willing to swap ornaments with me. It would be a one-for-one swap. You send me one. I will send you back one for every one you choose to send me, so you could send just one or more.
Bold and delicate at the same time, she is a clash of passionate colours. Her hair flows from bright gold to blues and light flaxen. The figure makers at Alter use clear PVC to bring out the gradual change of colours.
Ultimately, health is the issue and that is why one does not want to starve and yet at the same time will avoid getting fat. In order to sort things out, a lot of gurus have risen above the commotion and declare the correct way to live healthy.
The message to girls: You can turn a monster into a beautiful clean-shaven prince if you love him enough.
Here's a quick list of things we wish more people could enjoy as much as we do:
Her body was firm but yielding; her breasts needed no artificial support. They were taut against my chest.
Who is trusting Him that all 220 children will be starting school in January? This sister.
a bird flits by
Attack: 2800
If anyone buys it, I'd be interested in hearing your feedback.
Of course, the first word that came to my mind in my early morning pondering was “obdurate”.
Not all at once! Though that might make for quite the book. I realized I was way behind in my book posts with all my cooking lately–and I was promised a new cake challenge from Wales! anyway, I figured I should be literary for a little while–if nothing else, it is an effective way to avoid grading papers!
“They don't pay their sixpences and shillings at a music hall to hear the Salvation Army. If I was to try to sing highly moral songs, they would fire ginger beer bottles and beer mugs at me. I can't help it if people want to turn and twist my meanings.”
Especially when it’s only the end of April and we’re already playing worse than the Astros.
How can Darcy keep his sister safe from the most sinister threat she has ever faced when he doesn’t even know if she’s alive? True to Austen’s style and rife with malicious villains, dramatic revelations and heroic gestures, this suspense-packed mystery places Darcy and Elizabeth in the most harrowing situation they have ever faced – finding Georgiana before it is too late.
Remember......out of the grubbiness rises the bloom of the rose.
There were no clear indicators that the Executive was interested in boosting the economy through the introduction of new high-tech industry initiatives, or measures that could assist the bottom 40% of households which are the poorest in Malaysia.
At lunch, the most common question, aside from ‘Which offensive dick-shaped product did you handle the most of today?’ is “Why are you here?” like in prison.
Miles: Potter
I love you so much it hurts.
Some 200 neighbours turned up on the Sunday for their annual serving of ‘arros’ (shellfish and pork) ‘mandoguiles i butifarra’ (meatballs and sausages) and ‘flam’ (baked custard) all washed down with wine, cava, ratafia (walnut liqueur) etc. Suitably fuelled the dancing commenced sedately with the ‘sardana’ followed by a mix of two step, jive, waltza and as evening fell the front of La Rectoria took on the form of a discoteque.
back in end of 2008, i had nothing but too much times and need something to kill... to continue study was an option came across my mind. i didnt spend too much times and efforts to find for the courses i wanted to study, just thought of to get something related to my career... i picked supply chain management as my master course.
Let it be known that from that moment on, Dickwad the III knew better than to mess with the little girl on the playground. I will never forget Iño's act of bravery. To this day, whenever I see Felix the Cat in stores, I brush a tear from my eye, reminiscing about that one glorious, fateful day when my cherished Iño beat up a boy who was much bigger than I was.
Now when we turn towards our Bollywood Barbie doll Katrina Kaif, she likes to wear a form-fitting Gavin Miguel attire, with gold exploring till end Known to support solid colours and simple lines, the dipping neckline appears like a first on the actress. But is that significantly a good thing? Katrina’s boring black peep toes and same old blow-dried hair left open as usual, feels as if you can yawn after seeing her. Katrina is not bad at all but certainly some changes are required. A loose white shirt paired with a high-waist black skirt and pretty drop earrings, makes a good stuff but still one feels bored looking at the same style again and again.
SEC. 7. For the purposes of administration and disposition of alienable or disposable public lands, the President, upon recommendation by the Secretary of Agriculture and Commerce (now the Secretary of the Department of Environment and Natural Resources), shall from time to time declare what lands are open to disposition or concession under this Act.
I’m thinking Barack Obama absorbed this Leftist lesson with his mother’s milk.
We also had the brains of four astonishing artists that helped us create our own devices, and with their wit and wisdom, we solved hard and brainy problems that made our machine work all the better.
5.Use that half hour. It’s not your bosses time after all. Plan your day. Read company procedure for what is expected of you (your job description), or learn a new skill. If you are a software project manager, you might want to read about accounting. If you work in retail, learn about how to fix the barcode computer when it goes wrong.
But without doubt, Stoupe’s production gets the spotlight in this review. His intricate sampling (sometimes using up to 50 songs for a single track), mesmerizing beats and brilliant mixing make for a mysterious, in parts sinister atmosphere. Stoupe’s contribution to the album gives Ikon’s lyrics, whenever the case, subtlety, force, or violence. It also makes me obsessively Google every time I want to know where the hell he extracted some sample.
The chipboard butterflies are ID ones , same as the ones in the first lo. I painted them with lavender acrylic paint and added some silver beads to them.
You can find photos of the show on PhotoBucket here. This is a group album. If you have any photos of your own that you’d like to add to it, please upload them!
Please feel free to leave a comment telling me what you like or dislike about this card. I love reading what you are kind enough to say.
the kids were in bed.
Auden's life has always been about school--grades, weighted GPAs, admission to college... But she and her life changed when she stepped at the beautiful beach town where her father and his new family lives. There she met three girls whom she never thought would be her friends, and a couple of boys that made her summer even more interesting. And then theres Eli, the intriguing boy who doesn't talk to anybody but her. They end up spending time together during the night, store-going, drinking coffee, and eating pies. Suddenly, insomnia looks like a good thing! Not that I want one, but if I'm going to spend the night just like Auden and Eli, then I might consider it too. Together, they took on a journey where each of them realized how important second chances are... that no matter how many times you failed in life, the important thing is how many times you are willing to try again.
4. FREDERICK DOUGLASS
Until its other jaw reveals incest
All in all, not great but not terrible. I'll probably try something else before I get this again.
Where: the deck
The age old lesson that when we try to hold onto our pride and a false sense of control, when we hide our weaknesses from others instead of letting them care for us, we just may end up cheek to cheek with the bathroom tile at the allergist's office.
Juan does his celebrating in what appears to be a high-class brothel. One of the women makes the mistake of referring to him as “the pope’s bastard” and he roughly ducks her head under the water of the tub she’s sitting in and corrects that to “his favorite son.” Why does this actor always play sadistic losers with serious women issues?
We used the fun Bistro Chalk Markers to write the menu. I love how great they look on the paper. I love this idea because it could be used for so many things! Notes to the family, reminders or simply a holiday greeting that you change. The possibilities are endless!
Leading Sunni Scholar Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: People Must Take Action to Confront the Corrupt Arab Rulers
Welcome to the first post on this baby blog!
Special-education kids who would have been segregated in the past will be shifted into classrooms with general-education students under an ambitious program being launched in city public schools this fall.
For too long now leadership in Kenya has been understood as merely political kupayuka. Ask most Kenyans to identify a leader and they will point to a myriad of politicians and wannabe politicians. As a society we have failed to appreciate the ways in which leadership transcends the political sphere and includes valuable contributions in the social, education, industry, arts and culture among other sectors.
Breaking every rule
With measurements of 38D-24-36 and standing 5’7″ she was more statuesque than most of her contemporaries. Aside from thousands of quips from radio comedians, including Bob Hope, who once introduced her as “the two and only Jane Russell” and “Culture is the ability to describe Jane Russell without moving your hands”, the photo of her on a haystack was a popular pin-up with servicemen during World War II. She was not in another movie until 1946, when she played Joan Kenwood in Young Widow for RKO.
Months have passed since they have fallen in love, he did not returned home, made an excuse for extending his stay in summer palace.
So who cares of it's been snowing a bit this week? I love being able to walk through Glasgow’s Kelvingrove Park at 5pm without fear - the usual winter darkness replaced by a wonderland of snow. From the hordes of people sledging, and even snowboarding (show-offs) down the hill next to the duck pond to dogs having a right good frolic.
May I add that many of these cost efficient programs were in place long before PPACA was passed, but that program has invested more into research towards what is working to reduce costs while increasing patient outcomes.
I have lost an enormous amount of friends over the past few years, since I’ve started speaking about my true beliefs regarding issues like these and related topics. Believe me when I say - that until now, I’ve presented my arguments in an extremely mild form. I have not once yet brought up the fact that the biblical Sixth Commandment, which says: “Thou shalt not commit adultery,” was actually translated many years ago in the Greek Septuagint as, “Thou shalt not interbreed”. Jewish folk, and the elder conservative Afrikaners are well acquainted with that basic rule, but modern-day folk… On second thoughts, I think it’s best that we leave this topic right now, as it can only lead to complicated theological explanations of why the Latin Vulgate differs, and how it came about that the word “adultery” was preferred. (Hmmm, no wonder I’ve avoided this approach in the past!) - Let's move on...
Dawn breaks and slowly I awaken
You do not see the rocks you made.
terrorists so Obama just lets them all go!
It’s such a simple equation: Time = Money.
BUT NO MATTER! Because I’ve been meaning to put these up on Axolotl Ceviche for three whole months, here they are. They don’t add to the story at all, but they do have some terrible video game jokes in them. See if you can spot them all!
So what DO I have in my refrigerator, indeed! you ask. Nothing fancy, but here is a partial list:
The cracker chips are crunchy and thin like a potato chip but tastes a little powdery like a cracker. Since its supposedly healthy, there’s not much salt on it and I like my stuff super salty so it didn’t win me over in the taste category. It made me feel like a really thin flattened out version of a Quaker Oaks rice cake. I swear to God that’s what it tastes like. I don’t like that dry feeling. It kept on making me wanna drink water. Lol. I would have to say taste and texture wise, it’s a FAIL.
In the male world, there are no clothes with a halter-top. So, when I tried a halter-top for the first time, it felt odd. I'd never had clothes hang on me like that before.
What is your heart’s desire?
I am a sergeant, and in a position that I hopefully will retire in. I have done my time and proven to others and myself along the way that I can more than handle being a well-versed police officer. In other words, I am no joke!
The incremental stress of additional weight in resistance training improves the tone and strength of our muscles. Challenging our hearts with appropriate cardiovascular exercise conditions our hearts to pump more efficiently.
Are you hungry for some fun? At this affordable price, you can enjoy meals included for every night of your visit! What a delicious way to enjoy their Walt Disney World® Resort vacation.
Trying to forget you as I close my eyes,
In an interview with a business weekly, Sime Darby denied any collusion with the vendors of the block. As at press time, the SC had not replied to queries from StarBiz.
Hannibal Buress - one of the true greats right now. Seeing him at a venue the size of The Parish is going to be a real treat. Wednesday, April 25 @7:30pm - The Parish Wednesday, April 25 @10:00pm - The Parish From the press release: Austin is a city that knows funny and its way around a festival or two, and the Moontower Comedy and Oddity Festival presented by the Paramount Theatre, which has been a cornerstone in comedy, won’t disappoint. Moontower will host some of the funniest, wittiest and oddest world-class comics from around the globe and Austin. This marathon of sidesplitting nights throughout the city is slated to bring over 60 comedians doing everything from stand-up and sketch to improv and musical comedy. The Paramount partnered with Cap City Comedy Club on determining talent and other festival details. The four-day festival will span across the city at 10+ venues, including Cap City Comedy Club and the Paramount. Venue stages will be sponsored by such riotous institutions as The Onion, Funny Or Die and Hell Yes. "I'm so excited to come back to Austin. I can't wait to eat at Torchy's Tacos, Uchiko, and hopefully finally try Franklin BBQ. Oh, I'm also doing standup I think,” says Aziz Ansari.
In short, Sepawi has been one of the main instruments by which Taib Mahmud has grasped total political and economic control of Sarawak and poured it into the bank accounts of his own family. It has turned Sepawi into one of Asia’s richest men.
It has turned out great and was extremely easy to do without modifying the cot and rendering it unusable once I get the courage to pass it on. Or use it again. Whatever.
These will keep up to 3 or 4 weeks refrigerated. I have heard that the daikon can become quite "smelly" over time needing to be "aired", but I have yet to experience this.
Green Financing aims to support environment-friendly processes and systems such as cleaner production, waste minimization, resource conservation, and energy efficiency. For this project, DBP earmarked 20.6B for industries and local government units to use on green initiatives.
In its press release, the Federal Reserve noted that the U.S. economy has been “expanding moderately” since the FOMC’s last meeting in March. Beyond the next few quarters, the Fed expects growth to “pick up gradually”.
The Baltimore Oriole is a strikingly beautiful bird. It also has a sweet happy song. You’ll find them in flowering fruit trees. How they love nectar!
For my card today, I embossed the white panel with the Spellbinders ES-001 So Trendy M-Bossabilities and popped it up on 3D Foam squares to mount it to the green base. The green flower is actually the S5-050 Rose Creations middle sized leaf fanned out into a flower shape. The sentiment is from the Hero Arts Happy Day Animals set.
Friendbots, Lovebots, Nursebots, and now Birthdaybots. Torcio has been hard at work to bring us another fabulous bot! Is this bot ever cute. What a fabulous way to send out birthday wishes to your little bot.
2) Become a FOLLOWER of everyone's blog (both days).
This is new paper for me, and I really love the muted tones, so used some of the plain papers in the pack to stamp and make the centre sentiment, just cutting the window out of the round stamp and sitting it atop one of the doilies, which was stamped with ink only on its outer edges. This left room to use the Alpha for the sentiment....
Action Wobble for dimension & movement
I hope you have had a great day. To God be the glory, forever.
sometimes I use rock salt, but the Epsom has a finer glimmer to it...
Drop small amount to test on a cold plate until jam gels
All My Best Thoughts & Wishes, Shanddddddddjkkkmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmnccccccccccccccccccccccccccccczzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzmoijjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjç
Anyway, if you're still with me after the rambling: I'm not going to be posting regularly with Dungeons & Drawings any more. This isn't a vague "I need more spare time in general" kinda thing, I'm at point right now where I want to devote time to another project (writing a comic of my own) and I feel like if I take the time I was spending on D&D and put it all into the production of this comic I could really get something great going. Blanca will still be posting weekly (and hopefully I'll be able to come back for future guest weeks!) but this is it for my regular contributions. It's been fun!
You're not a slave to fear.
Exacerbating the matter was the fear of disease. In 1832, his first year as congressman, New York was struck with a devastating cholera epidemic, killing hundreds; a lesser but no less dangerous sequel struck in 1834, just as Lawrence was getting comfortable at City Hall. And of course, the spectre of fire lurked, not just jeopardizing a highly flammable city, but Lawrence's own fortunes: he controlled shares several fire insurance companies.
This time around, no rain in sight but 105 degrees temperature. The flowers did not like the relocation from the refrigerated storage to our house. For 3 days, we lived with sweaters on and the AC running at full blast. Nevertheless, we endured serious casualties. Mercifully, I had ordered quite a few extra dozens of roses.
Also because the bristle are attached to the brush in a certain way, hair can’t get stuck in any gaps! I had some brushes that did that :s.
Keep that Blue Light Flashing
Tasman/ Nelson/Marlborough/West Coast 4.9% to 5.9% (5,000 to 6,100)
Having had the experience of taking the “intercity” train from Douala to Yaoundé, I have to admit that even after the World Bank’s investment in the track maintenance of 2002-2011, the railway is not competitive with the car/coach on the road. This is due to the following reasons:
SAN ANTONIO - Ranger Creek Brewing & Distilling has received label approval for its first commercial beers, to be released to draft accounts next month.
We are patriots to the core and both my husband and I think our military men and women should be honored for their sacrifices much more than they are. And once we saw that float, we couldn’t help but love it. Couldn’t help but forgive them for the slightly creepy Pete the Dragon float and spiel. Because we LaLas love us a military salute. Especially in our favorite place in the world, and especially when it involves roughly 3 million Christmas lights and a moving vehicle. That’s just coolness personified, whether you’re on property and feeling the effect of the Disney ‘everything is great’ sensors or not.
Passive aggressive men withhold sex. Part of it is their fear of intimacy, fear of being close. Part of it is punishment. So, whatever his reasons for it, I’ve never had enough sex.
What does one do when faced with all these treasures? Call friends over to share in the goodness that's what. Actually, it was really late, so we put everything away in the pantry and refrigerator and went to sleep, but then we did make a phone call the next morning.
Fruta-
It's unfortunately very rare to see a responsibly-made, informative and entertaining film about mental illness. Dirty Filthy Love, which covers obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) and Tourette's Syndrome, is just that: educational without sacrificing narrative, touching without sacrificing realism.
MICHAEL Michael Kors is available in Brown Thomas Dublin, Cork, Limerick & Galway.
As for the card, the swatch was apparently taken from a game-used 2007 Home Hardware CHL/NHL Top Prospects jersey (the jersey he is shown wearing on the front of the card). Plain-white, takes up about half the card - not much else to say about it other than I hope to see more of Esposito in the future.
In its report on the investigation, released last week, the commission recommends that employment guidelines be amended to deal with such cases and states that vetting procedures are "inconsistent" across government.
Stephen Horne accompanied, and was excellent always. And in a last minute addition, Jill Tracy provided voice accompaniment as a Siren song. And there's no one better for that.
“The body is a house of many windows: there we all sit, showing ourselves and crying on the passers-by to come and love us.” Robert Louis Stevenson
Vanish from my sight
Semiconductor bracelets are visible in multitues of colors. These are prefabricated as trade semiconductor bracelets. Retail shopkeepers kick that the semiconductor bracelets mart is fastness land but the whopping manufacturers somebody picked up the newer disposition of patronage semiconductor bracelets.
In 1970, after several odd jobs, a friend approached Ang for a salesman job with the Tan Chong Motor Group. At the time, the company was expanding its presence in Penang. In the hopes of earning a better living for himself and his family, he took the job.
Ready to take a trip back in time decades before Paris Hilton and Lindsey Lohan grabbed all the headlines of the entertainment tabloids? The names have changed, but the subject matter is the same: celebrity gossip based on here-say and half-truths with a pinch of straight out lies. The content seems a little less sleazy, but, as you'll see, the ads are a lot filthier than anything you'd find in a grocery store checkout line today. So, enjoy a selection of articles and ads from Screen and TV Album from March 1978.
I am nine. The cool girls are skating backward down the street. I sit beside my mailbox, my feet heavy with roller skates. I part the smooth gravel and bury my thin fingers into the cool, damp soil there. I grin as the roly-polies recoil.
“I know I was close to death in Kurdistan when the young boy shot me in the arm; I still bear the physical scar.
With the Derby Darlins getting to serious penalty problems and track cuts from their jammers, it got to the point where Lightning Slim was prompting the crowd: “Every time I say Motorhead Molly you say power jam!” However, there was no give up in the Derby Darlins and their own band of supporters in the crowd led their own raucous cheer of “Kill! Kill! Kill!” egged on by the Derby Darlins on the bench.
But seriously Wells & Youngs, WHAT IS THIS BULL CRAP ABOUT NOT SELLING IT IN THE UK UNTIL NEXT YEAR?! Get it sorted! I want to be drinking this at Christmas!
“It might help you sleep.”
They cleverly craft their words to have an effect in order to deceive
29tolifeblog: @panerabread I know I ordered 1/2 sand, 1/2 soup, but I can’t still get a pickle too? I’m hurt by this… I really like the pickle.
This afternoon, my younger daughter and I attended The Annual Student Awards Ceremony at my older daughter’s community college. For, you see, my older daughter was receiving an award.
Some 250,000 people gathered for the Bersih 3.0 rally in several parts of the capital on April 28, 2012 clamouring for urgent electoral reforms to be carried out before the next general election. The event saw protests in over 80 cities around the world. They were all focused and united for a mutual cause.
me: it is! it is happy. do you know why jesus is so special to me?
Money, then, is not a good master. If we work to earn money to feed our family, educate our children, or provide for our needs – we will be in increasing danger of not entering the kingdom of heaven in the days ahead. “No one can serve two masters,” Jesus declared. “Either you’ll hate the one and love the other, or you’ll be devoted to the one and despise the other” (my paraphrase of Matthew 6:24) What “two masters” was Jesus talking about? “You cannot serve both God
In the end, I am what I am and that’s all there is to it. For better or worse, I’m the one that has to live with myself 24 hours a day, so the only one that can help whatever adjustments need tweaking in my brain, is me. And people wonder why I look to the stars and numbers and spiritual stuff for help. The answer could be anywhere!
4 Eggs(Large)
“Tracing the Roots of a 20th Century Recovery Phenomenon to the Royal Tombs of Egypt” Hidden in plain sight are two parallel texts of personal alchemical transformation. Both can be attributed with shaping the human experience of the Divine within a specific time and both offer a map for a journey of self discovery. Both are structured as 12 sequential progressions to wholeness. One comes from the ancient origins of the Western Esoteric Tradition (The ancient Egyptian mystical text called “The Treatise on What is in the Hidden Chamber” or “The Am Dwat” (c. 1550-1400 BCE), the other from modern American Spiritual Psychology, Bill Wilson’s 12 Steps of Alcoholics Anonymous (1939). One seems to have offered its powerful secret knowledge only to the highest ranks of ancient Egyptian culture, while the other text is freely available to what is often referred to as the “dregs of humanity,” namely struggling addicts protected only by the thin veil of anonymity. The core messages of both these 12 faceted journeys will be excavated and compared, revealing the timeless Truth held within the divinely inspired human passage of reintegration and ‘re-membering’. With a brief exploration into Jungian psychology and the archetype of the hero’s journey, these two texts will be presented for consideration as therapeutic models that will continue to revolutionize humanity’s psycho-spiritual journey of transformation.
The physiological response to the lightweight exercise results in several different actions with in the body.
Comment #729 - Lucky-Angel and-Giveaways (confirmed)
Mr Mumbles is a scary character and you introduce others throughout the story. Are your publishers open to all your ideas or do you have to censor yourself and tone down some of the horror elements because of your target audience?
don’t give it to you. In other words, giving is aninward expression, whereas showing is an
We, on the other hand, have about a week before we are expected to return to work and put up the front that we are okay. Even worse, in America most of us work hard at holding back the loud cries during funerals. Indeed, we even try to hold back the tears (Suffering and the Sovereignty of God, 178).
The set up: Mr. Feitelbaum, the head of the family that is largely the subject of Gross' Nize Baby comic (and book of the same name), encounters a scale that will refund his coin if he guesses his weight correctly. I remember there was a scale like this in my childhood hometown, Baton Rouge, Louisiana. I understand Mr. Feitelbaum's attraction to the wager. In the first panel, Gross draws a hilarious little dust cloud, a symbol from the cartooning lexicon meaning swift movement. His cloud is a lively scrawl. Even his drawing of the coin-op scale is funny, with the perspective as goofy as his character's speech and thinking. It's as if the visuals we see are all influenced by the nuttiness of the cross-eyed characters.
An empty heart
For a moment, I wondered what it would be like if that blunt force trauma caused by the candle killed me on impact and I died in the aforementioned position. I thought of how embarrassing it would be for my mom to explain to friends and family how I passed away. "Well, he got too drunk to take his pants off and hit his head on a girly candle while laying just inches away from a plethora of human excrement." There really isn't a good way to explain the situation.
To celebrate its 40th anniversary, Pan Macmillan imprint Picador is re-issuing 12 of its ‘greatest novels’ in March. These collector's editions, which seem to be inspired by Penguin's success with its re-issed covers, includes such bestselling authors as Cormac McCarthy, Alice Sebold, Helen Fielding, Graham Swift, Alan Hollinghurst and Australia’s Tim Winton. I particularly love The Line of Beauty (top image, with a second version below), and All The Pretty Horses (below). These jackets would make me want to read these books, so if this is what publishers are aiming for, the design ruse is definitely working.
45. Letting me go as far as I can and then taking over when I have neither the strength nor capability to do it on my own.
Aral said at a press conference in Tampa that ABC would offer once-a-week flights to Havana, with frequency rising to twice a week in October, on American Airlines-provided Boeing 737-800s. ABC Charters currently flies seven times a week to Havana and three times a week to Holguín from Miami, usually in larger jets.
It moves the fun of the experience from the food you’re eating to the things that you’re doing with the people you’re with. I think that’s a definite positive change. Too much in our lives revolves around food!
I like things the way I like them...that is true. But lately I've really learned to go with the flow. I can make a suggestion and people decide they want to go another route and I say ok, even if I think my thought was much more efficient or better, or whatever. I can't win them all, and I get that.
A “bahutier” made “bahuts”, which were wooden chests or trunks and a staple item of furniture in Medieval homes. From the 19th century onwards, the term was also used in general reference to sideboards, cupboards or wardrobes (as well as becoming a slang term for "school" used by pupils who probably feel they spend their days locked in a cupboard!).
I hope you'll be inspired to create a DIY storage system for your craft tools...and please share any ideas that you have for organizing your craft rooms! I'd love to hear your stories, and I need all the help I can get! I'm on the verge of becoming a hoarder.
The border you see on the lower-card is made with a border punch of Martha Stewart and the lowest one I have stitched with scrappers-floss..
Yeah... so Googling didn't really help. I found a current 24 Karat club of Southern California, but the only reference for Pittsburgh was in an Obituary. So this club decided to give out mechanical pencils for something during their 10th Annual Banquet. Oh yeah... Sterling silver mechanical pencils.
So, what’s your plan for the top Music Festival in Texas? “MUSIC ON MAIN” is where literally hundreds of performers give it their all on three stages along the streets of downtown, rockin’ and rollin’ for four days at Fort Worth’s largest music festival. We’re pleased to announce the entertainment line-up for our 27th Anniversary has been confirmed! Sundance Square, Green Mountain Energy and University of Texas at Arlington are graciously sponsoring our three major stages, bringing you some of the best entertainment from our own local community, as well as from across the country and around the world.
pain, shall I come back
a) Thank and link back to the person who awarded you this award.
The Virtuous and the Vile: Morithal, Lord of Unceasing Hunger is heading into the home stretch and should be available soon. Both the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game version and the Labyrinth Lord version will release at the same time. PoD will appear shortly thereafter. Essentially, as soon as I can peruse a copy and insure it looks right, PoD will be available.
It pains me to admit it because Burton more than anyone else gave comic book based movies legitimacy with 1989’s Batman in spite of the fact he snobbishly announced he had never read a comic book in his life. I was afull fledged comic book fanatic at the time, so I was part of that group always upset that comic book based movies were usually terribly campy. Batman was the best we had ever seen thus far, so we overlooked its many flaws up until the genre really started soaring with Sam Raimi’s spider-Man series and Chris Columbus’ X-Men along with Chris Nolan’s Batman rivival that blew Burton off the radar. We were finally free to admit he did not do a very good job with the Caped Crusader all those years ago.
And last but not least, Juni and Eirill gave Aidan a 3 cd set of Albert Aaberg´s stories and music. He was a Swedish children´s author, and I´m sure we´ll all enjoy the cd´s. I love almost everything Swedish when it comes to kids music and films!
Hopefully you will find a few new discoveries and warm up to your favorites.
Chained to my heart
Your lust I embrace more than your love.
And to just throw one last craft project in the mix, I thought I'd share these really cute and very easy gift bags I found on Pinterest. I don't have the Fiskars machine or punches to cut out the shapes, but since I only had to make 6 of these for Henry's "fwiends" at daycare, I figured I could manage to cut them out by hand. Are they cute or what?
“I didn’t really like the work I thought was my best work. I liked the stuff I didn’t like a lot more.” — Hollis Frampton, in a 1978 interview.
Before I get into even more new fabric, I thought I'd share a couple things I made with that cool Hope Valley fabric from my last post. I haven't been sharing a lot of sewing projects lately...
the tide rolling in and carrying
The version sold last night was the only one remaining in private hands and is considered perhaps the most sought-after of the four because it contains a poem about the work – written in the artist’s own hand – on the frame.
Bill's a brilliantly clever writer and taking him on as a client was a no-brainer for me. I don't usually read at work but I remember closing the door of my office and speeding through the last fifty pages of Dawn of the Demontide because I just couldn't bear to wait until I got home. I had a re-run of this experience a few weeks ago when I read the second book in the series, Gallows at Twilight.I probably wouldn't have described myself as a horror fan before I read Bill's work but he's shown me how massively exciting and sophisticated the genre can be. I would have adored these books as a child.
I used gray primer as it was all that I had on hand. I have to say that love the way this gray primer looks on the chandelier. I mean I love it so much that I am wondering what other room in my house could I use a chandelier and make gray work....maybe my bedroom??
Jammers provide greater leg coverage than swim briefs and square leg suits, although they also have slightly more water resistance.) http://myworld.ebay.co.uk/directsnowequipment)
After three days they restrained Tina and put her into a larger room with a mixed population of men and women. They all wore the same beige coveralls. Hers were baggy around the hips and too tight around the shoulders, one size hardly fit all. Someone had taken her shoes and now she walked in loose fitting slippers. They constantly fell off around her heels and she finally resigned herself to walking with them that way, when she walked at all. There was no one she cared to talk to. From the terse murmuring she overheard, everybody in the room was bored and taciturn. She encountered a lot of angry stares and muttering. If someone did talk it was only to complain about something banal, like the color of their outfits or the sweetness of the tea. Tina would drink only water, but she forced herself to eat whatever was put before her. She ran in place and shadow boxed in a corner when everyone else was sleeping, dozed during their waking hours, and learned nothing.
9 Devil's Gateway 3:54
“Hello. She just needs a checkup.”
10. How will my kids learn self-discipline?
As you exhale send that feeling of peace to the families of Ruby, Shaun and Summer.
I get asked for this recipe all the time. I think it came from my dad's side of the family, but not totally sure about that one. It's a little different than your normal chicken salad in that it doesn't have grapes. What?! I know! Shocking, isn't it? But I tend to make whole batches of it just for myself (hubby doesn't like any kind of salad with mayo in it... he's weird) to eat on sandwiches and/or crackers.
Enjoy the bloggers comments below, chocked full of advice, and general blogger lovin'.
5. Ramona from http://curryandcomfort.blogspot.in/ who is an absolute wiz at what she does. Don’t miss the variety of dishes she churns out… and gives you a step by step demo at times as well.
xxxx
Blimey indeed! My daughter has a right proper British accent. She goes to school with British children and this is her talk. My husband, the Kiwi, is more British than American so he speaks like this as well. So it's easier for me to speak their Queen's English than it is for me to speak Obama's English.
So we were delighted to discover that, while not technically a historical novelist, Anne has been introducing some historical characters into her latest series - and a bizarre and fascinating mix they are!
Heat the griddle. Just before you're ready to start cooking the pancakes, dump the mixed wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and stir a few times with a wooden spoon. Don't stir too much. The batter will look rather lumpy. That's a good sign.
“While Being feels like eternal peace, Becoming feels completely different. The evolutionary impulse is felt as a sense of tremendous urgency, an ecstatic urgency. At the level of consciousness, it is experienced as a sense that something unthinkably important must occur NOW.”
Thirdly, I am nearing the end of stripping the scored plaster below the chair rail. Regular readers have been treated to a mind numbing number of posts on this topic. I apologize. The Great Scored Plaster Stripping Nightmare is almost over.
In the next system, EIV-1W, they were just breaking cloak when I was warping away. By the time I hit the gate to S-1ZXZ, I saw them start to disappear from local. They had given up the chase.
WED. 9/24 - aka MAX BUDA @ THE OLD TOWNE PUB IN PASADENA, 9pm. Corner of Fair Oaks & Union, behind the big, ugly Container Store that invaded the parking lot and cast a permanent shadow on the Pub's patio several years ago. Enter thru alley off of Holly Ave. No cover, beer only (wine maybe?) Eclectic Jazzy Blues Rock from Chester, Jerry, Tedroy, Bruce, Pete, and Nick on noise-makers.
So as a fun way to celebrate we are having our first ever Stamp Something blog hop!!!! Our fantastic monthly sponsor, SIMON SAYS,
Now with that comes increased tax revenue for the surrounding area, increased revenue for places such as gas stations, convenience stores, and hotels in the area, but it also brings a lot more traffic. We in NJ call this vacationing traffic bennies (especially from New York). They’re something I can’t stand, but that’s best left for another post. Am I willing to put up with increased traffic, obnoxious tourists and the almost complete redevelopment of my beloved Monmouth Park?
The above is a letter to the editor from our paper, The Daily Disappointment. I suppose it is possible the writer was just being tongue-in-cheek, but I seriously doubt it. It had the ring of a true believer about it.It's hard to convey sarcasm, etc. in writing, but I didn't recognize any attempt here.
-Brushes and washout bowls
The class was T'ai Chi Basics - Winter Series, if you are interested. The class runs from Feb 15. to March 23 2012 at the "Yoga for Health - Center for Conscious Living, at 1200 W 11th St 106
Brzezinski: what a joke you are
So rather than hoard all these magazines, and run the risk of one day hoarding animals and having nowhere to sleep, I'm posting some of my favorite editorials from throughout the years - because space on my blog is much more available and uncluttered than space in my bedroom!
Well under current Social Security plans she is pulling out more than she put in (goddamn moocher)…of course that’s if she is 67 right now and pulling out benefits. If this is 64 years from now after Obama’s obscenely long rule as dictator she won’t be drawing any benefits whatsoever as Social Security will be bankrupt in only a few years (kind of like Medicare)
Last night, McKell hit the two pound mark. They also had to turn his bed temperature down because he is maintaining his heat better. Yay for growth!
attract investors to its
So when Mommy went to pick Juan Or up from the babysitter's house (Mommy left him there after the kindy so that he can have his lunch and sleep), Mommy was still at the stand-by mode of going or not going to the event. Apparently Juan Or was still asleep at the babysitter's house. As the babysitter was packing food for him (since he did not eat well during lunch), Mommy stroked his 'big' head (yes, Juan Or has a big head!) and he woke up. Mommy asked him whether he wanted to go to Saujana Hotel or not to which he eagerly said yes despite his condition. So off we went. This was how he looked like in the car - with sulky face whenever his stomach started feeling uncomfortable.
GARDEN CHATS – SUNDAY, MAY 6, 2012 – Free with Admission
When I grow up….
So there it is - mission drainpipe duck success
Ok, next is a super fun set called Lacy Borders. Here is a card I showed at the release party yesterday:
The Senate had earlier modified the original bill, whose wording could have been interpreted as only providing protection to minors and leaving out the vast majority of the real and potential victims of human trafficking in its different forms.
TOOth of and the key unTO unlocking for;
Mark.
The Inconceivable Behavior of Lord Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu
In season 5, the 6th spot went to the adorable albeit slightly clueless country powerhouse that was Kellie Pickler:
And I hear the hiss of a scorching kiss,
ENG TRANS:
The same women who burned their bras in public as a sign of liberation are now those who dare not speak out against violence to women as brutal as the wearing of veils and female circumcision. This has certainly nothing to do with “liberation” The shameful attitude of those feminists clearly shows their moral standing.
But there are also things that she can't forget.
In 1985 the Chicago punk scene was fairly disjointed, having split into factions with only Naked Raygun uniting the scene. The Effigies had devolved into sub-pop (not Sub Pop), and among the early scene players only Raygun was moving forward with any momentum (or even still really a band).
Throughout my career, I have worked with countless individuals who have had some form of impact on not only my professional life but my personal life as well. It has been these relationships that have given me a meaningful career.
This one I took pictures of is always at the location near my house and I have always thought the colors looked pretty. I finally took some photos on the way to grocery shopping the other day. I asked the owner and he was happy with it. Luckily the sun was out which is not very common here. I would not brave the food from a street vendor myself, but I would like to get some for my help at home some time.
Coming home to the Philippines from England is like moving between two fantasy worlds with two different sets of rules and boundaries. In England, life is secular, practical, say what you mean. In the Philippines, it is spiritual, everything is personal, and nobody says what they mean – you have to be good at mind-reading and guessing at the feelings of other people.
I’ve been thinking about monsters lately. Perhaps it’s because of the death of Maurice Sendak, author and illustrator of Where The Wild Things Are. He famously brought childhood monsters out from under the bed and into the pages of a book. In interviews, Sendak would claim that he never wrote specifically for children. Other people, most likely his publishers, decided who the audience for his books should be. There were critics – they believed his stories contained harsh truths and disturbing images that could scare children.
Some cryptozoological researchers prefer to impose a lower size limit for cryptids, arguing that a crucial aspect of a cryptid's definition is that it should be of unexpected form. However, as I have revealed time and again in my various books documenting new and rediscovered animals, some very notable, unexpected cryptids were also very small. This is exemplified by Kitti's hog-nosed bat Craseonycteris thonglongyai, scientifically described in 1974 but already known to the local Thai people, and so dramatically different from all other bats that it required the creation of an entirely new taxonomic family to accommodate it – yet it is no bigger in size than a bumblebee. Consequently, although this journal is primarily interested with 'classic' cryptids, i.e. those of large or relatively large size, whose apparent continuing existence undiscovered by science is therefore particularly surprising, papers dealing with interesting, unusual, or potentially significant cryptids of smaller size will also be considered for publication.
Once we realise that we are in control of how we feel, we can make a change. Unless of course you enjoy feeling miserable. ; ) Even knowing this to be true, a hug can make everything so much better. I am giving myself a big hug right now.
'Wrote For Luck', originally from the Happy Mondays second album, Bummed (1988). There's news on the grapevine that the Mondays will be getting back together in the coming months if they can actually bring themselves to stay in the same room together for more than ten minutes. Shaun Ryder kicked his rampant drug addiction some time ago and is now better known as a TV-friendly reality show contestant, so he'd better get out there and make some good music to make up for it! To be honest, I'm not a big fan of once-great groups reforming (although I suppose it's preferable to eternally awful bands getting back together) but, you never know, there may still be a spark of that wild Manc genius in there somewhere. Appareantly, Bez can no longer dance due to a dodgy knee, so he'll be at the DJ's desk; that's a real shame because that 'freaky dancer' (also yet another 'lovable' reality show knob-head, I recall) was once a sight to behold. I await developments with mild interest. They must be short of readies.
Al Roker, Ann Curry, Matt Lauer, Natalie Morales, Savannah Guthrie (The Today Show)
And finally, a concert on the beach by a sweet new band – La Vie as a part of the end of the year party for Hand-Up, Hands-On, a non-profit job and entrepreneurship skills apprenticeship program that I have been working with on fundraising.
I was the one that started the trend, but I have not been the one to end it. So far everyone but Chip has gotten it. I'm thinking he probably won't escape it either, but he seems to think that his super mind-powers will make him invincible. We'll see how well that turns out, and I'll probably remind him of those words when he's hugging a toilet.
Here are more reasons that said sing-song is highly humiliating:
Neil Young
This is perhaps a consequence of my aforementioned exposure to the twist ending, but at the same time the little knowledge I did have helped me to look at the narrative more critically. I loved the scene when Wander was confronted by, and then turned against, his tribesmen – I didn’t see that coming at all – but I was surprised that nearly every plot detail was only revealed during that moment.
But when I sour, it will take a lot of faith to believe, that the wind would not blow me down, but carry me….
The university announced that it would offer the honorary degrees to living Nisei students in March. Mory said that a new president and new provost along with a “very impassioned nomination” from the USC Asian American community gave the school an “opportunity to revisit the issue.”
"You're getting 10 swats tomorrow for coming to bed late (and making me stay up til 1am - he was kidding on that part)"
"Miracle Whip is so wrong! Am I right?"
Those fucking idiots.
The truth is that the U.S. government is in much bigger financial trouble than we have been led to believe. The U.S. government now owes more dollars than actually exist. If the U.S. government went out today and took every single penny from every single American bank, business and taxpayer, they still would not be able to pay off the national debt. And if they did that, obviously American society would stop functioning because nobody would have any money to buy or sell anything.
Unfortunately, my dream never came true and I never got to see the 15,000 teenage gi….I mean Springfield, in concert.
“This should clear everything up.”
____________________________________________________________________________________________
xxxxDebxxxx
He has the advantage of being more flexible than Obama. Having introduced a package for universal health care as Governor of Massachusetts in that state, he now claims to be against “Obamacare,” though the basic differences between the two measures are minimal. Watching him throughout the campaign for the Republican nomination, he seems to be a chameleon, one capable of taking on whatever opinions necessary to attract the majority of Republican voters in order to achieve the nomination. His basic claim for suitability for the job is his long experience in business – if elected
The cabinet didn't always look like this, in fact, I had done a post here, regarding the concept of the kiddie cabinet and how it was organized. It once looked more like this:
This room is still a bit of a work in progress, but I love having the burst of Spring happiness in here right now :)
Finally, I think that much of the bad reactions we get from Christians and Muslims, when they react to us being “chosen,” is projections. Both Christianity and Islam work with an understanding of choseness themselves, such as only having Christians being saved, as well as the Islamic Ummah being the perfect Ummah. They transfer understandings of these concept to how they believe Jews view the idea of being “chosen.” And maybe, probably, many Jews actually are viewing the notion of being Jewish and “chosen” the same way. But all in all that is something that is far from the Jewish thought (and not the thoughts of Jews).
I should have posted this three weeks ago or so, because I made this mid august and I have this post on draft for so long and never had a chance to come back to it. It's not that I haven't been baking, trust me because I've been baking up a storm and the posts and pictures just piling up to be done, so I'll get to it slowly while baking for the next one :).
One may have logged onto the website to pray for outstanding prayer requests. Thank You Jesus for answering each prayer request according to Your perfect will, Amen.
Coffee was welcomed in the cool morning chill. We only had about 6 miles to hike out and we were in no hurry. I started checking the fresh plowed firebreaks for tracks and found the road was quite busy during the night. Fox, Rabbit, Coyote, Deer and Hog all used the road as we slept. The fox and the rabbit tracks showed an obvious chase…and from what we could tell the rabbit won!
Clerks, following in the footsteps of Richard Linklater’s Slacker, follows the exploits of New Jersey mini-mart and video store clerks, Dante and Randal. In this ordinary day, they slog through their work, finding time to attend wakes, play a game of hockey on the roof, and work on their relationship problems. There isn’t necessarily one storyline in the film. Like any normal day, we just follow along, seeing what will happen next.
The rest is a blur to tell you the truth. But here is a brief description of the race.
If you and I ever meet eye to eye, please don't come to me with drivel like this. It makes me very angry, and due to a still undiagnosed condition, my skin turns green and I begin to throw up white phosphorous that might hit you in the face.
Later thinks to self, gee, I wouldn’t mind something sweet but it’s too late for anything much and I don’t have anything much to choose from so maybe a little fruit or fruit with yogurt.
It’s time to get fit AMERICA!!!
Prison and palace and reverberation
At high school, the library closest to my school was huge. It was the main public library of the city I lived in - seven stories high, and with fantastic facilities (see picture below). For a bookish girl like me, it was my very own piece of heaven. I spent countless afternoons there during my teenage years - this time, not only spending time in the fiction area, but using non-fiction books to do homework, and doing research on what I wanted to do later in life, i.e. university, career, etc. Back then, the top floor consisted of the music department which offered library users the opportunity to book the "piano room" which had a grand piano in it. I was never a great piano player - I hated the discipline of having to learn playing notes perfectly in the exact way they were written maybe a hundred or so years ago (my brother is much better than me in that). I loved tinkering about on the piano, playing my own made-up stuff (which I still do from time to time), but there was no way, anyone would have let me touch an expensive grand piano for that. I mean... me? Silly me?? Well, the librarians didn't seem to mind, and I spent a few hours of my life imagining I was one damn amazing pianist. If only.
With this in mind, I’ve taken to covering my back so as not to frame my face. Skin Doctors Instant Facelift from Arnotts has been a lifesaver for the furrowed brow. Slap it on and in five minutes –insta-lift and tuck! As for identifying people more than ten feet away, I’ve found that smiling and greeting willy nilly has its merits. It has also worked a treat for my reputation around town.
2 oz Vodka
I’m right here for your
The average person in America watches 38.7 total hours of video a week
13-Blues Before Sunrise
“At night, with such a big crowd in it, the space had started to redefine itself a bit, and more by ambience than function. People arranged themselves in it more according to how they felt about it. There was an unanswerable question in the air, or so it seemed to me, about what forms of life are possible. In different parts of the Park people gravitated toward different answers.” - McKenzie Wark on Zucotti Park
By the way, i had told Chris that we needed to make a trip to ikea to pick up another faux fur, but guess what??? All sold out! I was going to make the stool out of the one i already had, but i don't want to cut it up and staple gun it to find out that ikea isn't getting them back! So i decided to wait. I did put my existing one on my coffee table topped by my gold tray, and it does look quite chic! I'll post pictures i promise....
Explain that cyberbullying is harmful, unacceptable behavior. Outline your expectations for responsible online behavior and make it clear there will be consequences for inappropriate behavior.
"He saw us on the video." Sonny pointed at a camera near the ceiling. "He panicked."
Still, as long as the editorial ethos of Faber remains relatively limited in scope, say in its poetry list, it will hardly be able to convincingly win over the younger generations who exist in cyberspace as much as anywhere. In other words: Faber's leap into Net-works should co-exist with a new leap into more innovative, democratic, and global editorial selections, for their poetry. You may have a cool new delivery system for your content, but so what, if the writing isn't, as it were, on the wall? There are dozens of very fine younger and emerging UK poets that Faber might've snapped up (let alone Indian, Canadian and American ones). Salt and Bloodaxe and Carcanet (and so on) have got there first. The "vision thing" isn't just a little machine for selling books. Page needs to get new poets on his pages.
Stupid stupid stupid Kate.
Following that, by using real case studies, participants will get the chance to walk through financial statements and analyze the financial health of an organization. Have fun with numbers while brainstorming with colleagues and take away practical tools which you can implement in your daily work. Discover the art of finance!
the weight of winter grey
"Stop.I need to use the restroom," I say, "Take a number from the pharmacist, and tell her what other meds you take."
To begin with, The Hubs and I had only ever planned to be an adoptive home. Fostering wasn't really something we felt we would be comfortable with. As a child, my parents kept foster children for 6 years. I've lived in a home with foster children coming and going and the separation is not something I enjoyed. I know it will be so difficult on my emotionally.
1. Double Dare
On Monday 2nd January the challenge will begin. You will need to visit here to find out
The other day, I had a play date with some other moms. We decided to have a play date and also cook something together. I always wanted to try making Empanadas so we decided to make empanadas on this play date.
Vickie~
Offenders are subject to a maximum of 14 years in prison. Records must be kept on any transaction over HK$8,000, the rough equivalent of US$1,000.
Inspired Dining Room
Construction of a hydroelectric dam requires design feasibility study of the dam with the considerations of advantages and disadvantages of hydroelectric dam. A hydroelectric dam works on the principle of law of conservation of energy. It converts hydraulic energy to electrical energy.
I know it sounds a little silly, a 26-year-old woman excited to make new friends. But after three and a half years in this town I can count my friends on one hand. The best part about this young friendship is she has many similar interests. Ironically, we met through the gym. I’m looking forward to the challenges she will afford me in my running training. I already know she’s more in shape than I am, and I’m very much looking forward to pushing myself to reach new goals.
Stir in broccoli, onion, (& soy cheese if using). Mix until combined.
Back track a little bit, on June 4, Chef Sally Schmidt and I were invited to the White House' South Lawn, as representatives of the Women Chefs and Restaurateurs (WCR), to attend Mrs. Obama's kick-off of the Chefs Move to Schools initiative. The First Lady set out to inspire chefs all over the nation to get into schools, work with teachers, parents, students and staff to improve the school nutrition program. With obesity afflicting 30% of our youths (that's one obese kid for every three children), school is a critical component in educating the youngsters about the importance of eating healthily. For most of the inner city students, the meals they eat at schools are the only "nutritious" meal they have. Chefs are called upon to help ensure the schools are indeed providing nutritious meals.
But $90 per chair was out of the budget. And we already had two of the Borje chairs from our old house, so we decided to get 2 more, add some inexpensive slipcovers and call it a day.
Tiger moms. Grizzly moms. We’ve probably all seen that harder side of mom. It usually happens after she’s used the eyes in the back of her head to see right through your well-laid-out plan to cover your tracks. Then that sound reaches your childish ears. She’s using that voice. And all of your names. You’re in “wait-til-your-father-gets-home” trouble.
About ten minutes later, J and I were reading when suddenly we heard a great sigh.
This was the other area that concerned me. Of the authors and publishers listed as testimonials, I found a poor showing for them in online bookstores. John and Helen Milton’s ‘Babies Being Babies’, and Sue Bunce’s ‘Zebedee, Sue, And the Backpack Too!’ were not even listed on Amazon UK. ‘The Verdi Solution’ by Kieran O’Hagan was listed there, but at the extraordinary price of £35!
A lot of my step mom’s family was already there when I arrived. More trickled in.
“Good” and “bad” are not perfect synonyms for benefic and malefic. Understand that benefics are gentle and malefics are harsh. Gentle things are more pleasant, so they feel “benefic” or “good” on the surface – but harsh things are also important and have good, important roles in our lives, even though they feel difficult, bad and “malefic” on the surface. If you want to explore this in a little more detail you can read my article on Male vs. Female / Malefic vs. Benefic.
For when our ancestors were being led into captivity in Persia, devout priests at the time took some of the fire from the altar and hid it secretly in the hollow of a dry cistern, making sure that the place would be unknown to anyone.
Finished the first draft of A Red Country today. Well, kind of finished. Any of you who’ve been through this process with me before will remember that there is a lot of work to do between writing the final words and seeing the book on the shelves. Some of the most important work. But also some of the most satisfying. This is the part I really enjoy, cutting, refining, seeing the poor parts chopped away and the good parts refined and the whole hopefully coming into shape. This week I’ll look over and tidy up this last part before sending it off to my editor, and then it’s a quick read through to see what I’ve got, some additions and heavy rewriting of one of the two central characters. He also helpfully includes word stats on the current work and previous novels, which makes A Red Country his shortest novel to date, but that could change slightly with revisions. It appears everything is on track with publication for this Fall with the UK getting A Red Country a little sooner:
For that broken down building out there.
Film Release Date April 22, 2011
You may not have seen me – I was standing off alone
The fennel is roasted under the pork belly and covered in wine so it stays nice and tender too. If you eat meat, you must try this recipe.. you will thank me afterwards I promise!
The Bang Bang Club was the name given to four young photographers; Greg Marinovich (Ryan Phillippe), Kevin Carter (Taylor Kitsch), Ken Oosterbroek and Joao Silva, whose photographs captured the final bloody days of white rule in South Africa. Two were awarded Pulitzer Prizes for their acclaimed work. The film tells the remarkable and sometimes harrowing story of these young men - and the extraordinary extremes they went to in order to capture their pictures. Anna (Malin Akerman) is their photo-editor, who looked out for them, protected them and made sure their photographs were seen across the world.
Publisher: Candlewick Press
at first i thought that topps screwed up and put jason schmidt on a randy wolf card, but then i saw his name at the bottom. there are seemingly 200 cards of schmidt as a dodger for each of his 3 los angeles wins.
Erik
~Hendrik Willem van Loon
I also wanted to say a big howdy to DFW over at http://countintheday.blogspot.com/. She has done a guest post on MDR before and has been around many of our blogs for sometime now. With much poking and prodding she has started her own. Please go over and help give her a big welcome to the blog world.
First of all, there’s no religious pressure. The Aga Khan has a stated commitment to improving the wider community, irrespective of faith, and also hires non-Ismailis. People and skills over religious turf wars – I can sign up to that (…)
One Direction heartthrob Harry Styles has been linked to yet another new girl, Ellis Calcutt only days after he was captured on camera smooching in Oz with American model Emily Ostilly.
If you sit down to eat for breakfast, you are confronted with too many good choices. They make their own breads, waffles, and pancakes with their signature OSM (oats, sunflower, millet) flour. They have all sorts of egg dishes, including having your eggs with a breakfast pastry (croissant, coffee cake) instead of toast.
Love never fails!
I have to say very rarely drink cider in pubs, as few of the pubs I visit stock “real” cider anyway, and those that do also tend to have a choice of good beers. But I am partial to the occasional bottle at home from the likes of Weston’s, Thatcher’s, Henney’s and Sheppy’s.
Copic Marker
The part I love the most is that Math Rider is an intelligent game - meaning it learns what your child is struggling with, math fact wise, and drills those more than the ones your child easily knows the answer to. Here is a better explanation taken from Math Rider's website:
7. You're feeling lazy. What do you make?
The subject of "words" has been on my mind since listening to All Things Considered on NPR last week. The interview was with Ben Greenman of "The New Yorker" regarding the elimination of the single most offensive word in the English language.
PIZZA DOUGH
Are You Putting Your Best Foot Forward?
Thinking back ........
The driver wanders off to his task of being a glorified pack mule and mother decides to spend the time she has left with me pleading for me to reconsider, I ignore her vehemently.
It is not surprising that the new Chair will be named after the infamous captain of the Exodus, a ship whose passengers would have preferred, like most European Jewish refugees after the war, to have gone to the United States. Unfortunately the US’s racist immigration laws, which the Zionist movement supported 100%, refused them entrance and they were forced to go to what became Israel and participate in the ethnic cleansing of the Palestinians. No doubt there are some forms of history that won’t be taught on the new course, such as the Nakba.
For me, this case comes right on the heels of reading about the similarly disconcerting execution of Cameron Todd Willingham in Texas under the seemingly disinterested eye of current GOP darling Rick Perry. If you haven’t heard about this case, you should definitely read all the sordid details here. Willingham was convicted and put to death for the murder by arson of his three children. The problem here is that the scientific evidence used at trial was, to be polite, half assed. Several examinations of the evidence, both before and after Willingham’s execution found that there was no credible evidence to support the assertion that arson even occurred. The obvious implication is that you can’t very well murder anyone by arson if you didn’t actually burn the place down.
DEPRESSION. If this affliction is on the list of things you worry about for your twice-exceptional child, you might want to check out an article in The New York Times Magazine for Sunday April 22. The title of the article is "Post-Prozac Nation: The Science and History of Treating Depression." Find the article.
The Society said the legislation, which the coalition claims will scale back on Labour’s ‘intrusive’ policies, will take power away from the public.
Don’t submit a résumé more than one page-
MCN: It's too early to tell for the wider reaction - it has really only just been released - so we'll see what people are saying in a month or two, or even months down the line. Generally, the reaction has been positive from the genre crowd who haven't yet read it - I mean, that people are very open to the idea, almost excited about seeing a novel which features a transwoman, which says many positive things about fandom right now. I'm worried, of course, but not how it's perceived by wider fandom - more how it's perceived by those readers for whom transgender issues are a big concern, or a big part of their life. I had, however, been warned in advance that it might upset some folk - but you have to take a few risks as a writer from time to time. Plus, if no one writes about minorities at all, then how are things going to become more balanced?
Make sometimes
-Too much love but not enough
Finally, we have the last work, a nonfiction piece I’m proud of because reading it now I feel almost as if I were seeing myself through another’s eyes. The mysterious figure introduced in the beginning of my work serves the purpose of facilitating the conversation which sparks this story. Starting this final section of the class I had no idea what it was I wanted to write about. I was hesitant to reveal personal details and even more so such intimate ones, but this course has taught me that sometimes fear is the best place to write from. This story is, of course, completely true. One of the main course objectives lay in paying attention to detail, observing the things that you would otherwise let slip, and writing them down. These details make for some of the most interesting revelations that change the way you view your experiences. This work was undoubtedly the most difficult to write, as it was the most personal. Ultimately, this was the most rewarding. I edited my story in order to accommodate for my peer’s request to know more of the story, the connection, of what exactly made me feel as if this one significant night truly changed my life. This discovery, knowing you have experienced something tragic but understanding its necessity, is perhaps one of the greatest gifts I have ever received. It is my hope that this nonfiction inspires someone else to change the way they perceive the way they live through their experiences.
When I was being diagnosed to find out just what was wrong with the old grey matter, I was asked to write out what it was like, or what was going on, in my head to help them get a better grasp of my problems.
Rob Banks.
Something more happened while I was in Montreal, Canada.. I got involved in reading the Hunger Games books trilogy. Yeah yeah I know … Marketing … I love those teenage books anyway .. I’m a big Harry Potter and Twilight fan … Some will think I’m pathetic. . I’m just like that, I don’t care. I’ve been to Marylin Manson, Shinedown or ACDC gigs as well as Avril Lavigne and Taylor Swift gigs as well. I’m all about opposites. The thing about books is that when I start reading a book I really like, I can’t stop. I won’t be able to do anything else until I finish to read it. My mum’s like that, or I guess I’m just like my mum …
Taking the Next Step
Was raised and declared Son of God,
Fantastic day, just hope they hold another event that we can get to again.
Day Nine : 21.23
"No, it’s not," a few in the crowd shot back--and the audience seemed a bit startled. Note that the proposed site is 22 acres, including an 8.3-acre railyard. (Photo above of Dean Street row at 6th Avenue from Forgotten NY. Graphic below from Develop Don't Destroy Brooklyn.)
1 John 5:8: These three agree in one.
The sensitivity of the wheel-and-axle system to all these factors meant that it could not have been developed in phases, he said. It was an all-or-nothing structure...
EXCERPTS FROM DIARY PRIOR TO POST:
I have been a mother for a year, and thus far, the following changes you can see in me..
¼ cup finely chopped white or yellow onion
You know when it looked really ridiculous is when President Bush was standing so graciously next to President Obama and President Clinton at the White House. He couldn’t have been more gracious, he couldn’t have been more kind, couldn’t have been more generous. After everything they’ve said about him and after all the times they’ve trashed him in the past several months, that shows you the character of that man. And I think that’s why a lot of people in these polls are now saying, “Well, maybe that Bush guy wasn’t quite as bad as we thought.”
And so now all that we can do is......wait patiently for Greg and our new home to come pulling up so we can officially be a FOTR!
Fuck this society, it is time to rebuild
Linking up to Megan Mae and Keely's This or That Fashion Challenge. This outfit was intended for the midi or maxi challenge, but I realize now that it could have also qualified for Fall Brights.
From birth until life closes,
1 pound shrimp, cooked (I grilled them lightly)
In the middle we have EATEN ALIVE, another Bell/Hooper collab. It's not as notorious as TEXAS, but still rules. Pretty simple one here. CHEW CHEW CHEW CHEW. The end, ha! Well, there is more to it than that, but you get the idea.
This recipe is quick, easy and yummy. I wont lie to y'all, it's probably not the healthiest meal in the world. It is fried after all lol. I found this recipe online and I've made them a couple of times, they're always a hit with everyone.
This is not an insignificant milestone, especially today in a age where public displays of holiday expression and religious belief are constantly being debated. This 'Tree of Light', mounted in cement, was such a novelty that almost 25,000 people showed up that night to witness it and enjoy an evening-long slate of choral entertainment.
1) I went partially blind for about a month when I was 11. The doctors never found out what caused it.
Now, it's been a little while since I had the sewing machine out....
All right, to be fair, after a few paragraphs of me rolling my eyes at Shallan (I’m just angry that I wasn’t getting Kaladin and his windspren in this chapter, okay?), I kind of got a little bit interested.
She could make fabulous chicken and dumplings. But her cornbread was a disaster. Every year at Christmas she would make ambrosia fit for the gods.
“To overcome difficulties, is to experience the full delight of existence.” (Arthur Schopenhauer)
Can you imagine living here? Waking up to that amazing view of the Bay every morning? It’s totally worth having to walk up a steep hill. This was only halfway up, however. I kept climbing, and near the top I looked behind me to capture this:
1/2 cup apricot jelly (or apple jelly)
OK so any one who actually reads this knows I love a good unfiltered wheat. This is definitely no exception. Here is the skinny
among ill intentions
So no matter what, if you are having a tough time, just lean on your significant other and show them the love they deserve for being there for you. Don't forget to tell them everyday you love them and are happy to be with them! Being there is most important!
As it turned out, the cover wasn’t good enough as police busted the outsource call centre yesterday for illegal betting, gambling and Internet scams believed to have been operating since last month.
Sorry I've been crazy busy. I have a gallery opening tomorrow in York. A good thing. York is a small town, but its where I live and teach so perhaps people will show up. My last few shows have been in New Jersey at Shazza's which was awesome, Elizabethtown (terrible), and Lancaster. Lancaster has a great art scene but I felt like I didn't belong. I do not live in Lancaster and I do not paint the Amish. You either paint the Amish or you need some trendy shtick which I do not do.
Because the majority of children go to school, home-educated children don’t have as many peers to associate with during the day; some children might feel lonely or as they get older they might wish to spend more time with their peers. But this doesn’t indicate insufficient socialization or poor social development. Not having a satisfactory social life can happen whether you go to school or not.
The girls loved helping, too, and I think I need to order new crayons, for them to use, as well:
-Who in clothing 2: boy, men sailor suit
With the season in the books, two things made this event very difficult to rank. One was the minimal season put in by Veronica Campbell Brown, as she raced here in only four meets, including Daegu. The other was the failure of Bianca Knight to make the U.S. team, because she was clearly one of the better sprinters during the European Circuit. Taking everything into account, however, here is how I finally ranked the top five.
Isn’t it?
Hare: Yeah Wally. This is totally uncool. You better not ask the bear to do what you should be doing.
He was conceived by the power of the Holy Spirit and born of the Virgin Mary.
My head told my heart
Once you’ve mastered steps 1 and 2 you can do like the Romans and stride across the street cool and composed as cars and scooters buzz around you.
It’s a Mario game so I’ll keep this short and sweet. At first I was disappointed about how quickly I was progressing through the levels and worlds managing to easily pick up the 3 star coins in each level and collecting lives quicker then the amount of levels I was completing. There was doubt in my mind that I would finish the game within a couple of days but thankfully World 8 isn’t the end of the game. The game does however get a bit more challenging but my only downside is the star coins! These coins are relatively easy to find and pick up with the exception of a couple in the whole game that actually gave me any issues to find. The star coins you can collect seem to become pointless by the end of the game, they are used to progress and open up new levels but they are so easy to collect you should never have any issues. Not only this but you can still keep collecting them after you finish the game but to what purpose I am not sure.
But, enough about siblings, When God Was a Rabbit has more to offer than that. Like many of the other books I’ve reviewed Winman’s novel is a coming-of-age story. It follows the life of Elly, who acts as narrator throughout the book. Elly is a comfortable presence to be in, despite her complex childhood and the challenges she faces throughout her life, Elly remains a solid constant for both Winman’s readers and for her family. In the book’s later stages when Elly becomes an adult, she seems to me to act as the presence that reminds the other characters why they are tied to one another. I don’t want to say too much about the plot and spoil it for anyone who hasn’t read the book, but there comes a time in the story when Elly’s family face the ultimate challenge – when their very existence as a unit is threatened – it is this section of the book that I found the most moving. Elly acts as our eyes and ears as her family’s world is turned upside down. The events which occur make you question how you, and your own family, would cope if disaster struck. Winman also makes us question the rather shaky foundations that our identities and lives are built upon. Her story makes you stop and think about the jenga blocks of your existence and how you would stay upright if that tower of bricks, which you began building in childhood, suddenly came tumbling down.
Along a pebbled beach
Yikes friends! Another post with a long break and that is what has been going on. Let me catch you up. I even read the last post and it sounds ok... promising even, but I guess reality is slightly diffrerent than blogality because YESTERDAY was really the first day that I recall feeling some-what normal and that isn't so normal. I have managed at least one day since the 4th without vomiting.
These are worries of the past, because a dedicated dog channel has been scientifically created for our furry, four-legged friends when they are left alone. According to the website, ‘DOGTV’s television programming meets a dog’s typical daily routine and helps prevent mental fatigue, depression and boredom.’
The birth of Vivo (in a nutshell): some of the partners and wait staff worked together for many years at the south side Keg. One day they decided to leave and start up their own place. Vivo is the result. Good friends, good food, good times…sounds like a good recipe for a restaurant. So, on to the food:
EK Success 3-D Dots - Square Dimensional Adhesive
Suddenly Rogers forehead split apart like the teeth of a bear trap, exposing his trembling pink brain, a brain that had a six foot red tentacle sprouting from it with a luminous yellow eyeball on the end.
Which would block his Clearsight completely, maybe before they'd gotten anywhere at all. "Good thinking."
Every weapon line can shoot at a different target. Only the models with LOS (line of sight) to the target can shoot though. Distance is measured from the base of the nearest model with the weapon to the base of the nearest model in the target unit. Always measure from the models’ base edges. Every model shooting must have LOS to the target, but distance is only measured from and to the closest models.
Thanks for stopping and your comments on my past few posts. Next update, how a great planned failed. But for now, just enjoy the cute.
18101
I'm selling Scentsy now! So excited to get started. I have so much on my plate right now but I'm doing it anyway. What's one more project, right?! ;) If you're interested in ordering or just browsing, there is a link for my website over on the right sidebar. Definitely email, tweet, whatever if you have any questions about Scentsy!
Last November in New York, a Japanese collector paid Sotheby's $2.8 million for Renoir's "Woman with a White Hat," and minutes later a Chinese collector bidding over the telephone paid $962,500 for his "Still Life with Apples and Pears."
If you want a family friendly movie this summer, Madagascar 3 is the first place to look. The franchise has made a ton of cash with the previous two films and all of the original characters are back and guess what? It’s in Europe this time! The gang are still trying to find their way back to New York, but end up joining a circus and causing mayhem as usual.
