*Modge Podge
After crossing the Oti river, it was another few hundred kilometres to Hohoe, where I’d decided I would spend my first night. I got caught in a sudden torrential downpour on this part of the ride and was soaked in less than two minutes. This made for an uncomfortable few hours riding before I actually got to a guesthouse and settled down for the night.
Do you believe and know that Jesus is the Holy One of God? You are not alone. Hang onto your knowledge of the Savior and remain in fellowship with others who believe likewise. Just as the disciples remained together (with the exception of Judas) through the trauma of the crucifixion, the joy of the resurrection, and the challenge of the new church, believers today must remain together and in fellowship with each other. To whom else can we go? It is Jesus who has the gift of eternal life.
Fortunately, much of Zemlinsky’s early, unpublished musical manuscripts have survived, along with his later published compositions, and the music often provides answers and insights into his life when words or hard facts are absent. Certainly the most significant details about Zemlinsky’s life are found in his letters, two collections in particular which must be mentioned. The first is Horst Weber’s superb edition of Zemlinsky’s letters to and from Schoenberg, Webern, Berg and Schreker, published in 1995, which remains the definitive source of information concerning Zemlinsky’s whereabouts and activities at various times between the years 1901 and 1923.
Ty absolutely loves playing. He's so sweaty when the game is over! His favorite "sports move" is pouring water over his head. Of course, when Mom fills your water bottle with Gatorade, it makes the situation a bit sticky!
Something had clicked over in my mind.
Most recipes I could find for guava cakes used guava nectar, but I did find one that uses guava paste as a layer in the middle of the cupcakes. I used my go-to cream cheese frosting from Baked Explorations, I decorated some with a swirl of guava paste and some just piped with frosting. The cupcakes turned out pretty good, the cake is quite dense, like a pound cake which isn't my favourite (I'm more of a sponge cake type of girl), but my husband loved it. I don't think I cut the guava paste thin enough so it didn't quite melt into the ribbons I had envisioned, but it tasted great nonetheless. Next time I'll use a more standard yellow cake recipe and slice the guava paste as thin as I possibly can.
“In the second term, it’s on, because we don’t have to worry about re-election,” says a laughing Ali, whose video was produced by Black Entertainment TV.
You’re sacred to me as I enjoy your kiss.
But Genesis still had the hunger for experimental music, which led to the formation of his next long-term project, Psychic TV. From Mutant Sounds: "Psychic TV (sometimes spelt Psychick TV) or PTV, is primarily an electronic music group that occasionally forays into psychedelic, punk and experimental music. The band was formed by performance artist Genesis P-Orridge and video director Peter Christopherson (after the break up of Throbbing Gristle) with Alex Fergusson, musician and producer (a key member of Alternative TV for whom Genesis had played percussion).
AND THEN purchase other storage containers that you require.
The golden ball in the princess’s hand rumbled then, suddenly exploding into a puff of soot that stained the princess’s hand and dress. The dragon roared and hissed a thin stream of fire. From his nostrils came a plume of smoke that grew, grew so large it engulfed the princess and suffocated her till she coughed, tears streaming down her face. The smoke began to clear as she swatted at the air, and when she could see again, the dragon was nowhere to be found.
Carlos takes Amelia to school on the way to the office. I take Jamie as it’s in the opposite direction.
Proverbs says: there is safety in a multitude
Those eyes desired
And keep your day job.
As part of the blog tour, I'm excited to announce that Walden Pond Press is giving away a copy of The Hero's Guide to Saving Your Kingdom to one of my lucky readers! Just fill out the rafflecopter form below and you're automatically entered!
Jesus revealed himself again to his disciples at the Sea of Tiberias. He revealed himself in this way.
Kate Knibbs at Mobiledia reports the sensors are targeted at preventing illness and disease, the two causes of most troops medical evacuations.
“What the hell?” I say, holding the noose out to Vacuum Man.
So far, no comment. But that’s what karma’s like. You do a good deed, but are people grateful? NOT NECESSARILY.
Friends, here is an offering. I haven’t been posting much lately because I have been terribly busy reading for my seminary classes. I still need to finish those posts from the 90 Days with Jesus series. This sermon is about grace and will be/has been preached to my congregation December 9, 2007. I hope you are blessed.–jerry
Please help raise awareness of the Invisible Children and of Joseph Kony and the LRA to expose all that they do and how it all must end. If you don’t know what I mean by this, watch this short film on the war in Uganda and how Kony profanes the Name of the Lord.
And no damned gimmicks.
Then I saw a packet of pattypan squash seeds and I distinctly remember telling myself last summer that I needed to remember to plant those, because I love them so much. Grilled. Oh man, they are great on the grill. (What isn’t, right?)
Kudos to blog reader and commenter Elizabeth who manned up and explained the appeal of 50 Shades of Grey. Just in case you didn't catch her comment in that section, I'm including Elizabeth's post in its entirety.
3. Don’t tell us why what you are about to say is likely to be wrong. We are still starting sentences with, “I haven’t researched this much but …” “I’m just thinking off the top of my head but …” “You’ve clearly been studying this longer than I have, but …”
She is so talented! She hand-made many bits and pieces of infant couture and also made a gorgeous baby quilt for Michael to coordinate with his little bedroom. Where would we be without her? Thank you, Maureen!
Polaroid
“If we start saying fence off waterways, the lakes and beaches that’s not the answer cause we’re Kiwis we need access to those environments. But its mums and dads being responsible around the home.”
I have a lot more to say about this subject. Treat this as an introduction. It is one of the big subjects of the moment. Post-war social housing has come to an age where it is demanding attention. Repair, renovate, transform. Restore, preserve, conserve. Demolish.
Uh huh uh huh and that‘s the way, uh huh uh huh I like it, uh huh uh huh (slap me, Lulu, for the sake of the readership).
1/4 c. (dark) brown sugar
Cut a rectangle, twice as long as he arm length and the width of the arm. You will have a long rectangle. Hem the short ends (this will be the end of the sleeves). Fold in half lengthwise, right sides together to make a long tube (pic A). Now, cut your tube in half. Tada! You have 2 sleeves!
Indigo Ai had been very popular for deep -blue coloring. It can produce amazingly deep indigo blue even though the very material are green leaves.
Both had a long road to recovery but were just so thankful to be in the class and ABLE to exercise - it SHOWED with the EFFORT they put in....hmmmm and the rest of us were just worried that it was a bit humid and we were getting sweaty....
Ibizarre Long Sleeve Printed Boho Tunics are just the right blend of flirty and feminine. I am wearing the Brown, and it’s also available in Blue and Violet. I will be going back for the other 2 colors and color coordinated pants soon.
The film Sideways, about the two American guys on a disastrous stag weekend in the Californian vineyards, made me laugh heartily, alone in the cinema. I have to say your blog, Madame, and especially some of the comments, make me laugh out loud on occasion.
I'm glad my hubby has been persistent, and we still ended up ordering one online from Lowes ... we just got it a few days ago and it should be going in today ... although the sink is not extremely far away from the stove, I know it will save me a lot of time and potential disasters in the future :)
Happy Quilting!
Summer is real and it will come back to us someday.
· 1 green peppers, cored and finely chopped
The Spirit of God testifies to and confirms the simple, but almighty, security of the life that “is hidden with Christ in God.” Paul continually brought this out in his New Testament letters. We talk as if living a sanctified life were the most uncertain and insecure thing we could do. Yet it is the most secure thing possible, because it has Almighty God in and behind it. The most dangerous and unsure thing is to try to live without God. For one who is born again, it is easier to live in a right-standing relationship with God than it is to go wrong, provided we heed God’s warnings and “walk in the light” (1 John 1:7).
I should find, for a reprimand
The role of the mass media is becoming apparent even to the most naive. People avoid television like the plague. It is the social media for the youth and the coffee shops for the elderly that provide them with information.
Baby spinach and rocket salad with macadamia nuts and walnuts.
I checked out the painfully long comments page on the World Nomads website which helped fill in the gaps, and others had questions on whether the essay could be posted to your blog. Turns out it can! Here is the final product of my labour, along with the personal essay on how cool I am and why I should win. Enjoy, and wish me luck!
ER. How did you first come into contact with the Her Noise archive?
But I must admit to some trepidation, for the period of history this film recounts is painful, complex and steeped in propaganda. Incidentally, the protagonist is named Otelo Buthelezi.
7) Insist on a written contract that details all fees and expenses and make sure you receive a receipt, especially if you pay cash. If terms change, get a written explanation.
Yarn Dyed by Me
When my husband called from work, I told him the story of the soap. We laughed and laughed. That’s when he asked what I was making for dinner.
Morning lovely Crafters and WOYWW friends. I have been absent from the role call for the last couple of weeks due to the Easter Hols. We didn't go anywhere but I had the luxury of everyone being at home, which was a lovely surprise as Hubby was due to be away both weeks but his trips were cancelled. It's a wonder you couldn't hear me cheering from your house!!! Anyway, I decided to have a little break from blogging as well so that we could spend some quality time together, so bear with me while I try to catch up with all I've missed.
Skinflowers, Young Gods
What is known is that in 1876, Bell put in a patent for his “telephone” which was a duplicate of Meucci’s. Meucci tried to sue, he sent in his designs to Western Union for comparison, but they somehow misplaced them. Considering Bell was working for western Union is it any wonder they got lost? Bell became known as the father of the telephone while Meucci died penniless.
I went to her house tonight to drop off some cupcakes I made. I played with Ben and I played with Danny, the baby she was pregnant with a year ago today. When I got home, I realized that I saw her a year ago today, under much different circumstances.
"Maybe you don't?" Says Christine. "But wave back anyway Green! Go on! If it was you down there, wouldn't you appreciate it?"
The application costs $0.99. Tigas said he will donate 10 percent of the proceeds to the TOR Project and the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
Thomson, the first UK 787 operator, has announced its first 787 routes to Cancun in Mexico and Sanford in Florida. It is allowing the whole country to enjoy the flights, flying from not one, but four UK airports, Gatwick, East Midlands, Manchester and Glasgow. Thomson have got some great things planned for the plane including new bespoke seating specially for 787. With Thomson boasting economy seating of at least 33″ it’d be interesting to see if this is the most spacious economy seating so far on the 787.
The release of a secret report? The report has been produced, but it was never made public, and that's been a huge controversy. The same Times reporter used imprecise language in a 6/4/04 article about Green, headlined "Assemblyman's Resignation Puzzles Many in Brooklyn":
Action Reader's Action: Think about what your beliefs are grounded on. If you are religious, make time to reflect on your faith in your daily life.
“This is my dream room,” she says, quietly behind him. “Where I come to think about these things.”
The saddest part in all this? I was so busy whistling, that I... yuck... took a step into it. You read that right. I stepped in human poop today. A big gob of it. (Another pair of shoes that I need to throw away now.) At first I was like, "where'd all this mud come from??" and then I took a breath. And consequently, wanted to hurl.
I would like you all to know,
A man dies and goes to heaven. St. Peter meets him at the pearly gates.
Here is the easiest way (for me) to do a lattice top, it can also be done directly in the pie filling but if you are a new baker, the way I show you today is better because you have more flexibility to correct any errors and do not take the risk of dirting the stripes od dough with the filling. I hope the pictures help you get the idea.
"There's also no doubt that the death of Osama bin Laden marks the single greatest victory in the U.S.-led campaign to disrupt, dismantle and defeat al-Qaida," the official said. "It is a major and essential step in bringing about al-Qaida's eventual destruction."
The stories were obviously patterned on the Sherlock Holmes stories except that Flaxman Low is the brilliant amateur investigator you call in when you’re menaced by a ghost. It’s unfortunate the authors didn’t write more of these stories as they seemed in the later installments to be evolving more and more towards the pattern of the Sherlock Holmes stories with young Dr Gerald d’Irman playing the Dr Watson role and it would have been interesting to see where later stories might have gone.
It is truly amazing what those full-body scanners have shown
-Taking time for ourselves
All in all, I was very pleased with the turnout, both guest-wise and food-wise. It was a great way to say a temporary good-bye to Berlin and give my friends a little demo of both Judaism and veganism. I hope they had as much fun as I did!
Make sure they are not too heavy, or otherwise it would fall off.
Please read all label information on delivery
"Ted calls Spider 'one of the three best beers I've ever made', and from my three plus years of Brugge experience, I'd agree."
Having largely unschooled grammar until 4th grade, I had no difficulty transitioning both kids to Voyages this year. I looked through the Kolbe Placement Exams early last summer, and used a selection of worksheets from the Super Teacher Worksheets to give the kids an introduction to the concepts they’d be seeing in the fall.
- Dinner party with a cover charge
I've been a slacker the past few weeks. Christy has been nursing a sciatic thing so we haven't been running but we were still working out a few times each week. This past week, however, I was a total slacker in terms of diet and exercise. I knowingly chose to take an entire week off because I know I have to kick my routine and choices into high gear so I can prepare for the half-marathon. So I'm going to work out my diet and training plan and share it here. Maybe someone out there will want to join me- FitCity is launching a "Fit Friends" thing so maybe you'll sign up for that and we can be "fit friends" as we train together.
Revenge' is about 53 centmeters, square. The outside is
Do you guys have plans for New Year's? In years past we have hosted small dinner parties at our home but I'm really loving the idea of a low stress New Year's Day brunch this year instead. Just some yummy treats and of course CHAMPAGNE!
The kids soon discover that the lab experiment that went wrong has started a collision of realities, and at first the collisions produced minor differences, but further afar the realities are to the ‘base’, the more drastic the changes become when they collide. It seems to be locally affecting a certain radius around the lab, including the home town, but it appears to be spreading slowly outward.
mix this paste with butter and keep aside until needed.
Moosehead Breweries Ltd. Moosehead Lager
I read online that the season for mango nectarines was pretty short – just July and August – so start looking around now if you want to try a mango nectarine. I’d definitely buy them again.
It’s not just the pubs. I have not been inside a restaurant nor a cinema since the ban started and soon gave up on all coffee shops and cafes. Since I don’t spend much time in town as a result, I don’t browse the local shops either. These days I visit town for the bank, post office and whatever I need to buy, get in and get out.
Junior year in high school, my heart was razed by a senior. We met in Trig. He was first chair vocalist in the state choir. Amazing. And he had floppy bangs.
Of course, our freely- operating market had given rise to upward-only review leases in the first place and these leases were entered into voluntarily by both tenant and landlord. Arguments that the government should never have allowed such agreements are moot and in the coulda-shoulda-woulda category because the fact is that we have lawful contracts today which maintain rents above current market rates. So what can the government do to deliver its Programme for Government commitment?
Last March we took a weekend road trip and visited the beautiful town of St. Jacobs and while traveling around the back roads we came across this huge old Museum and we just had to go check it out!
5. No Pain-US Navy Cadence
I was called Amit because when my mother was pregnant with me, her friend Kolyani Bannerji read Tagore’s Shesher Kobita to her and, as you know, the rather wimpish hero of that novel was called Amit. My mother, though from UP, speaks Bengali and loves Bengal. She decided that if I was a boy, I would be called Amit; if a girl, Ameeta.
“Why? The movie Titanic is only a few years old, and people call that a classic.” Ty replied. “ESPN reruns “Instant Classics” all the time of games that are only one and two seasons old—sometimes they dub the game from the night before as a classic if it was good enough. It’s an overused and abused phrase anyhow; just like every other buzz word and meme. ‘Classic’ only holds more value because books in society are looked at from a museum-goer’s angle more than a movie-goer’s. The gratification isn’t instant, and books are being phased out.”
It's Australia Day today... so what better day to announce that I'm taking the live show to Melbourne for the International Comedy Festival? There is no better day.
My immediate Twitter community was buzzing in the lead up to this week’s opening of hot new fashion boutique POP. You simply must join in the Twitter hashtag hype and use #POPthefashionstore.
I will make divine magnetic lands,
“Yes. And I love you too.” She smiled with a gleam in her eyes which he had never seen before.
Well, of course this is what House did. And he saved the day in the process!
I can hear the cat meowing pitifully in the downstairs mother-in-law. The dogs are snoring. My ankles, o- I angered the Cankle Gods when I said (none-too-smugly) "Well, I'm physically incapable of getting cankles, but my feet are a little swollen" and now they are exacting their fleshy, tingling vengeance.
1. A new garage/carriage house anchors the back of the yard.
Cass Hodges
The Growing Pains of Adrian Mole by Sue Townsend.
But Coat, my dear friend, you have lived so much more than these shiny upstarts. You have worked hard, you've played hard, you've comforted. Be proud, you truly are a special Coat.
their own erudite sciences.
Here in Afghanistan, Americans answered the call to defend their fellow citizens and uphold human dignity. Today, we recall the fallen and those who suffered wounds, both seen and unseen. But through dark days, we have drawn strength from their example and the ideals that have guided our nation and led the world — a belief that all people are treated equal and deserve the freedom to determine their destiny. That is the light that guides us still.
The LSWR and Midland Railway's Lease
And blest the Abbot of Aberbrothok
A flower seedling whose name I've now forgotten, accompanied by a pill bug, or roly poly, or whatever he's called in your neck of the woods:
Embellishments
To serve, either allow the granita to thaw in the refrigerator until you can scrape the crystals, or break it up into chunks and process with on/off motions in a food processor fitted with the knife blade until fairly smooth. (Serves 4-6)
And that is exactly what Hannah and I did today! We were literally in Belgium for a grand total of five minutes.
Sue went to retrieve Jonathan's paperwork received at his adoption. The paperwork says your birth mother is dead. No, she is alive. It said your grand-father was old and ailing. No, he is not. He is alive and well. And then Sue recalled a conversation at the school conference a few months earlier. Jonathan's teacher mentioned how neat it was that he could still talk to his brother in China. Sue assumed the teacher was confused, as she had no knowledge of a relationship with family members, especially a brother. Surely the teacher misunderstood. Sue was wrong.
* He is Daddy's little helper. They work together outside and in the garage. He also spots "stinky poos" in the yard for Daddy to pick up. Yuck!
More Saints of the Day
I haven’t had the pleasure myself. But my flock keep me informed of their goings ons, they seem to be somewhat troublesome, and even thirsty late in the night.
Remember, this sale goes through midnight tonight! It's a one-of-a-kind piece.
Take a hymnal older still, and you’ll probably have in your hands a psalter, which is the psalms set to music in some form, and then almost every song in the book will have to do with battle, as Stephen pointed out — it’s just everywhere in the Psalms. Psalm 2, “The kings of the earth take their stand”; that’s how the book virtually opens. And from then on it’s just war and enemy and safety and retreat, and fear, and persecution, and danger, weaponry –
Let's make it clear, my parents have some great stuff, but my mother also has a bizarre habit of holding onto things that she got from someone and thinks is ugly. So she tries with all her might to pawn it off on her sons.
1/2 tsp. Sriracha sauce
Ink: SU - Sage Shadow, Baja Breeze; Tim Holtz Distress - Pumice Stone
14hrs of class time
This is ours
these pieces in green below. It’s helpful to have
1 spoon parsley
May 1 2012
And then there’s the small matter of the arms trade. For decades, the United States has been a leading (usually the leading) seller of weapons to developing nations (Khanna & Chapman, 2010; Grimmett, 2008), where they have often been used to kill ordinary people seeking basic civil rights. In short, the nonpoor among us do abhor violence. More precisely, they abhor violence of certain types, when practiced among certain kinds of people, especially when it occurs nearby.
6) How to create the hook to get people to read it. How to make it interesting.
More Pepsi. I hope they paid through the teeth for that, but I seriously doubt it.
I applied
1.) Three of her four husbands were celebrities, that’s fairly common knowledge, but her first marriage while still in her teens, was to a lumber tycoon from North Carolina. Much out of character with the glamorous image of Paulette wining, dining and being squired around Hollywood and New York, Goddard actually lived in Asheville, North Carolina. Although a beautiful city and surrounding area (the filthy rich Vanderbilt family constructed their castle, Biltmore House there), it wasn’t exactly the place in which she hoped to live out her days. Her tenure of rural living didn’t last long though, as two years later, she headed to Reno for divorce and a healthy financial settlement, then onto California.
It's been a long time since I've tasted fish sauce, but I think this simple recipe does a nice job rounding out a Thai curry with a salty taste o' the sea. I'm guessing it's actually nothing like fish sauce but I think it works better than soy sauce or hoisin sauce. You could use any mixture of seaweed, I think, but I went with nori because it is more readily available at grocery stores what with sushi's popularity.
Enjoying my day off today with a cup of coffee in one hand and a card that I am posting for everybunny. I played with the new set again and could not resist using these bright colors
Remember last month when the downtown Austin building at Fifth and San Jacinto that houses KOOP-FM and Sweatbox Studios caught fire?
After his playing career, which lasted from 1966-78, he became the bullpen coach for the Brewers. He was also a pitching coach for a couple of years in the 1990s.
This is the only time that I ask students to kick in some $. Without fail, even at my 87% free and reduced lunch school, if I give students enough warning they can scrape together a few dollars. I find parents are willing to contribute for this lesson because it permanently captures their child's hand during the adolescent years when they are no longer getting hand print mother's day plaques.
What fun! Romance readers from around the world — yes, world — were asking questions right and left of Nora Roberts, Jeaniean Frost, Pamela Palmer, Mary Burton, Grace Burrowes and Stephanie Dray. Who’s your favorite character? How do you get inside a villain’s head? Do you have a playlist when you write? What do you to do for relaxation? Who are your favorite writers? Do you have an e-reader?
1 tbs whole black peppercorns
That toil where one reposes,
Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Bill (2 contributions)
Which comic rocked your world last year? Which writers and artists really stood out from the crowd? The final round of voting is now underway for the 2012 edition of the Eagle Awards, so now’s the time to head on over to www.eagleawards.co.uk and let us know your picks.
A good day can’t start without filling your body with energy. One of the easiest way to get it, is to eat a piece of chocolate. So that you’ll feel lively and your brain will work better.
I'm particularly chuffed for T2, as, somewhat similar to D'Oub's second boy, I swear he had an imaginary Bantu nanny who taught him Swahili at night. No one but us could actually understand much of what he said until he was about 6, and he went through the Speech and Language therapy hoops.
In fact, what is happening on a subtextual level in "Little Johnny Brown" is happening throughout the album in different ways: the sense of Muhly and Valgeir's fluffy additions teasing out the underlying emotions from Amidon's droning, inexpressive voice (interestingly enough I don't mean that as an insult), similar to the way Robert Bresson's nifty cinematographic moves suggest otherwise hidden tensions in the blank facades of his characters. As a result, the songs are open to a seemingly limitless number of interpretations as the multitude of impressions in Amidon's wry inflections pile up. Every song on All is Well consists of a narrator relaying a story: an immigrant's gleeful account of his lover back home in "Saro", a prideful and eventually violent encounter with the boyfriend of a girl he's flirting with in "Wild Bill Jones", a boy excitedly reminding his date to prepare her outfit in "Wedding Dress", a religious devotee's self-assured leaving of a woman in "Fall On My Knees", a guileless young romance in "Little Satchel", a fearful confrontation with premature death in "O Death", a boy's realization that his love for his family is bigger than his pride in the escape from home parable of "Prodigal Son", and a stoic acceptance of impending mortality in the closing title track. Yet each of these cursory summaries does little to suggest the sublime layers of emotional complexity buried within Amidon's takes. Among many other surprises, the pensive air of "Wild Bill Jones" suggests skepticism to battle the narrator's misguided sense of pride, the serpentine disconnection of sub-bass and fingerpicked banjo on "Fall On My Knees" and the distant cackle and dissonant strings the song concludes with all challenge the narrator's feelings and actions, and the deeply sad sprawl of the strings in "All is Well" demonstrate that all is indeed not well.
Flesh Bowl
Earn a brilliant for your nickname
Love to all, Susen
Then there were the group of teenage boys, their dirty trainers resting on the back of the seats of the people unfortunate enough to be sitting in front of them, who decided that what the audience really needed was an "amusing" running commentary. I think they were the only ones who found it funny though. I DID find it funny when at the end of the film they all piled out, clearly considering themselves cooler than a penguins bum, and one of them tripped up the stairs and nearly took two others with him.
Math was never my forte. Hang on, lemme count on my fingers…nine months. The book was my baby. Nine months start to finish.
The 2010 victory aboard Imperial Commander in the totesport Cheltenham Gold Cup provided Paddy Brennan with what he described as the best day of his life and he attempted to become the first jockey since Jim Culloty in 2002 to land chasing’s two biggest prizes, partnering Irish Raptor in the John Smith’s Grand National but they fell at the 14th. Brennan was born at Ardrahan in Co Galway, Ireland on April 13, 1981, and spent the summer of 1995 working for County Kildare handler Gerry Stack before embarking on a five-season apprenticeship with the leading Irish Flat trainer Jim Bolger, for whom he rode eight winners. The first of those came on Ivory Isle at Gowran Park in August, 1998. He became too heavy and tall for the Flat and moved to Paul Nicholls’ stable in England as a conditional jockey in 2001. He stayed there for two and a half years, riding winners for Nicholls and Jeff King, before joining Philip Hobbs in the 2003/04 season as one of that yard’s conditionals. Brennan also struck up a good rapport with Ashley Brook, on whom he won the Grade One Maghull Novices’ Chase at Aintree in 2005, and enjoyed a first Cheltenham Festival success that year aboard Shamayoun in the Fred Winter Juvenile Handicap Hurdle. Brennan was appointed as retained rider to owners Andrea and Graham Wylie for the 2006/07 season after dropping into trainer Howard Johnson’s County Durham yard for a cup of tea and toast. He rewarded those connections when guiding Inglis Drever to victory in the 2007 Grade One Ladbrokes World Hurdle at Cheltenham – the gelding’s second success in the race. Brennan left Johnson and joined Gloucestershire-based handler Nigel Twiston-Davies in the 2007/08 season. He has built up an increasingly impressive record of big-race successes, bagging his sixth career Cheltenham Festival success when Pigeon Island won the Vincent O’Brien County Handicap Hurdle on the same day as Imperial Commander’s win. He has a good record at Aintree, including Ashley Brook’s win in the 2005 John Smith’s Maghull Novices’ Chase and Hakim’s victory in that year’s totepool Grand Sefton Handicap Chase over the big fences. He was on Pettifour when taking the 2008 Sefton Novices’ Hurdle, rode Irish Raptor in 2009 when scoring over the National fences in the John Smith’s Topham Chase, took the 2009 John Smith’s Manifesto Novices’ Chase on Tartak, captured the 2010 John Smith’s Aintree Hurdle on Khyber Kim and was successful on Nacarat in the 2011 totesport Bowl. He left Twiston-Davies to become a freelance in late March last year and has had 77 British winners this season (up to April 12). John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2005 Double Honour (UR 21st); 2007 Bewleys Berry (Fell 22nd); 2008 Fundamentalist (Fell 3rd); 2009 Knowhere (PU 25th);2010 Irish Raptor (Fell 14th).
And the above is just one example. There are plenty more. If I had TIME on my hands, I would’ve made more of these rage comics, but I’ll leave that to the Sarri-alists; they do an awesome job. But that’s what I DON’T HAVE. (awesome job or time? Hmmmm)
Laurel was wise enough to know that, whatever this movie was, it was probably something we didn't want to be caught watching if her parents or little sister came down the stairs, so despite my objections, the channel was changed for good. I guess it wouldn't be a cult classic if everyone wanted to watch it.
the doorway for a few minutes watching his figure get smaller as he faded
28.カタログZ (Go Go 12")
That is why we have drawn the, rather fuzzy, line of viability of fetus vs. non-viability.
Find the details. She'll take lots of pictures of macro nature. Whenever you're covering anything, you want some close photos, some middle, and some pulled back. You want a variety of those photos. When Aimee is taking those photos somewhere, she's constantly stepping forward and back to capture details and other portions of the scene. This is how you'll remember places you've been and things you've done.
Average monthly return: +2.402%
Mi Casa NOT Su Casa
Another gourmet delight found in Kansas City. If you just accept the rate your KS car insurance coverage helps pay for reasonable and necessary medical expenses will be required to comply with any recommendations made by the manhattan kansas motels to its collection, organization and interactive technology. The museum also has a mortgage tax, mortgage transfer tax, and property in all price ranges. Either if you own a car accident, each driver's medical expenses for you and your passengers.
-Add the mushrooms to the pan and cook for 5-6 minutes, until softened.
The first beer we tried was the blackberry, which was surprisingly astringent and dry. Turns out it was a bad year for blackberries, and they had substantially less sugar than usual. I would describe the beer as aggressively sour, with very little sweetness. I suspect it will age nicely and the acidity will become more sherry-like, but for now, only the hearty sour-lovers need apply (I, of course, enjoyed it a great deal).
They are now a nice sparkling white. Goodbye last trace of almond in our house FOREVER!!!!!
This book was sent to me for review by the author, and I'm very glad she offered it! She maintains a blog about things ancient, so anyone curious about background information related to the book, or just antiquity in general should check it out here!
623000 Nursing & residential care facilities
"You haven't been very successful with the band"
photographs entitled "Abandoned America".
Lv 46 – Pawniard (useless)
I did not lie, deceive, or hide the truth on my application for unemployment. Yes I did "quit" my job essentially but for what I consider a no option alternative. Staying in a state and always living separate from my husband is not an option in my marriage or my values of my marriage vows.
Please try to use as much of a 12x12 sheet of paper per layout. The idea is not to get 8 sheet make cutouts from one and keep the other 7 for yourself. Remember you paid for this, so did everyone else in the swap.
I finally downloaded my pics from my camera today from Leadership. A lot of my live coverage pics were with my Iphone, so I know they won't be hitting National Geographic any time soon. I thought I'd share a few you haven't seen yet that are a little better quality.
I love situational comedies where the stakes keep getting ridiculously higher. This movie always makes me laugh.
Now coming to a lil reveal of the Lil Bee's November 2010 Stamp kit. The stamp is from a very speacial collection by Pink Paisley and House of Three.
That's what faith can do
What was on your hard drive when it crashed? If you're like most people, you've got hundreds---perhaps thousands---of digital photos.
This, of course, came to me via Pinterest. Actually I had pinned it multiple times which I took to be a sign that I needed to make it. I happened to be at a natural grocery store a few weeks ago, and they happened to have chicken sausage AND fresh brussels sprouts on sale. Another sign, right?! I bought both of them and made this shortly thereafter.
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE February 1, 2012
My islam is talking politicks with fragile Anarchists
Everyone is welcome to play along. If you upload your card/project to SCS, please use the keyword OCCC. Our only requirement is that your project be a new project and not back-linked to a project made before this challenge started. Please be sure you link back to the OCC blog post in order to be eligible for our Corner's Choice awards.
Jack Charles Aron, 52, Bergenfield, N.J.
Lesotho's economy is inextricably linked to that of its giant neighbour, South Africa. As South Africa's economic difficulties threaten to drag Lesotho down the drain, the tiny landlocked kingdom is now looking at other avenues to stay afloat. For decades the mountain kingdom of Lesotho has relied heavily on South Africa to advance - until now.
Because, in an effort to determine how far the prospective mother’s cervix was dilated – to see if it was safe to push the baby out – the nurse did a manual exam of the laboring woman’s vagina. Which the husband claimed was “rape”. Then, after he had been forced outside to a room where he could watch through a window without interfering, he broke through the locked door and punched the nurse when she removed the woman’s face coverings (presumably to let the laboring woman breathe and to make it easier to understand her accented French during a very painful, fraught time).
The Labour Party it must be remembered chose to move on their own leader when they removed Tony Blair, a man for all his faults had won three elections. In removing him, they elevated via coronation rather than election the man they all saw as closer to their own ideology. They did so with full conscience that the UK people would not be happy at having a Prime Minsiter who had not been elected by them directly - they did not care, they wanted Gordon and you and I were to have no say. The man who knew he could never win an election, and never did became our leader. He shafted us on an election on him, he denied us our promised vote on Lisbon, he mortgaged our childrens futures for the benefit of his mates in the city without a vote in Parliament. Elections demand scrutiny that's one of many reasons why they safeguard people; Labour ignored all of us for the benefit of Gordon. They themselves could have chucked him out, but chose instead to maximise their own salaries, pensions and expenses wand ran down the clock. They must be made to pay the price for this now when we vote.
An FBI special agent was testifying in the government’s high-profile terrorism trial against Omar Abdel Rahman, the “blind sheik” suspected of plotting the first attack on the World Trade Center.
What was once deplored by the church is now accepted. A blend of pagan rites , animism and church religion exist today. In an attempt to convert the masses the church, the Catholic church, fixed the celebrated resurrection of Jesus (Easter) around the astrological event that “spring rites” celebrate. (the full moon of the spring equinox). The fixing of Easter allows the unscriptural religious celebration of Lent and ash Wednesday to follow Mardi Gras. Instead of resisting the ways of the pagans, The “church” absorbed many of these festivals in hopes that it would convert the pagans. What we have today is a churchy world and a worldly church!!! In French, Mardi Gras means Fat Tuesday. This is a day to gorge and over indulge oneself before the seasonal religious practice of fasting, abstinence and denial. It is not surprising that the symbol for Mardi Gras is the “Bouef Gras”…… The fatten bull
Couscous is generally something that many of us believe comes out of a packet, and is hydrated by adding boiling water. While there is some value to the instant packet version, once you have tasted home-made couscous, it’s hard to go back. The texture of this home-made couscous is like snow: It melts in your mouth.
On February 13, 1866, a large group of armed men stormed the Clay County Savings Association in Liberty, Missouri, committing the first peace time, armed, day-time robbery in America, and netting $60,000. A man on the street was shot and killed during this robbery. Their first peace time victim.
So far, I’ve written very little about Nicaraguan cuisine. But, since I’ve been eating it every day for the last four weeks, I’d like to share some of this tropical foodstuff with you.
This World Malaria Day (April 25th) I headed to my friend Christina’s village for an event she held in her village. What started as a small idea she had to hold an event to mark this day turned into a huge success. Christina was able to partner with her district health officers to host a district wide event in her village and obtain funding for the day. Several groups performed skits in the local language depicting common scenes about malaria. A primary school also performed a traditional dance to drums and many people gave speeches to raise awareness about an endemic disease in Kenya.
I think this was one of the practical reasons behind deepa daanam and deepavali… the festival of lights that lasts through the entire karthika maasam.
I know this may have seemed like a pointless post to some of you, but I've come to learn that the little things are what make your meals amazing. Whether it be properly heating up a saute pan, bringing water to a full boil, or even something as simple as adding a pinch more salt to something. It's the little things that don't get the credit, but it's also the little things that bring something from "meh" to "wow, what's your secret?!"
Favourite Pattern: The last one I looked at. Usually a Marcy Tilton pattern.
It's two weeks tomorrow. An eyeblink. An eternity.
Ojibwe Vowels: The 7 vowels are a, aa, e, i, ii, o, oo. Four of the vowels are long… aa, e, ii, oo. Three of the vowels are short… a, i, o. The long and short refer to the amount of time you hold on to the sound when you say it.
A popular riverside path disappeared in a mudslide sparking a rescue operation.
“I have been diagonalized with Breast and Blood disease which has defiled all forms of medical treatment.”
Let’s take a bit of a journey into the Jeff Carter conundrum. He was considered an off-ice liability during his time in Philadelphia (you’ll remember the infamous/hilarious Dry Island saga), but never really a drag on the Flyers when playing. That all took a turn when he was traded to the Jackets and his play simply plummeted. Injuries and pure luck certainly played a role in his ineffective time wearing Union Blue. Still, based on his statements and his actions (especially post-trade from Philly), I can’t help but conclude (like nearly everybody else) that Carter just didn’t want to be in Columbus. Furthermore, I also conclude that his disposition infected his play and his demeanor when with the team.
Slight change of pace. I found this video to be really cool. There is not much information about who is playing, but the dancing and the amount of people involved is lovely and fun.
Using fabric diapers with separate waterproof covers tend to be cheaper, since the diapers cost as little as $2 (or even less -- though some options can be quite pricey) and the average price of a cover is $8-14. You need 18-36 diapers, but only 4-6 covers -- once again assuming 2-3 days between washings. There is more work involved with this system, since you will be folding/stuffing the diapers, placing them on your baby, and then putting on the waterproof cover. However, you can choose your level of difficulty depending on what you buy. You can cloth diaper with this method for as little as $100, or possibly even less.
But the book is at its strongest when it takes a second to stop and look at the desolation, although even then it’s only a moment before we see Valerian’s goofy mug as he makes a raft out of an inflatable chair or something. That’s not really a complaint, but I look forward to later books in the series, when the creators may get a little more balanced in their approach. Still, City… definitely delivers that kind of insane, idea-after-idea-thrown-out-in-service-of-action kind of comic (again, we’re thinking Kirby here, Russ Manning too) that made the 60s and early 70s so wonderful.
1 tsp cornflour mixed with 1/4 cup water
For this weeks Texture Tuesday photo, I was having some fun playing with hue/saturation. The theme was pink and I didn't have a great subject for pink, but I had just taken this photo of old bottles and I just love them. Although their original colour is wonderful, I decided to play with them and make them fit the 'pink' theme. :o)
The egg had been fragile. Its thin outer shell had protected its liquid interior. But, after sitting through the boiling water, its inside became hardened.
Breakfast: Smoothie
Also Nitty made the sleep mask :)
That night Clay arrives. The three werewolves are attacked by men working for Winsloe, but they are all killed. The Pack are suspicious because the only people who knew they were in the area where the members of the Council. So, the following day, when they arrive at the meeting, they do so with the head of one of the men in a bag. They decline any offer to align themselves with the Council and leave.
big proud - feeling self-respect or pleasure in something by which you measure your self-worth; or being a reason for pride; "proud parents"; "proud of his accomplishments"; "a proud moment"; "proud to serve his country"; "a proud
Mountain Biking Tour in Ladakh: If you are a biking enthusiast, then you would definitely choose this mountain biking tour above everything else. You will be well oriented with the most famous passes such as the Baralacha La, Rohtang, Lachalangla and the very high Tanglangla. The tour begins in New Delhi and you will be assisted with a lot of expert travel guides.
13. Bla Bla Blues (Christiansen, v. d. Knaap, v. Niele) 3:13
"I will allow your mom to get you settled, but if you don't calm down I won't let her stay here with you. She can stay for a few minutes to get you settled, but if you don't settle right now, she will have to leave the room. She is not going to rescue you. This is not negotiable. Do you understand me? " All of these words were said in the most un-loving of ways. It made my stomach turn.
2010.08.14 Pakistan Sindh 2 8 A woman and boy are left dead when Muslim rivals attack each other over where to build a madrasah.
At The Sunday Whirl, Brenda is celebrating the final week leading to the first anniversary of wordles at The Whirl, as are we. The words come from comments left by judges on middle school variety show audition rubrics. Visit to see the wordle and to read what others have done.
Remember this post on kitchen utensil organization? It featured this lovely image using what I'm sure are vintage ironstone pitchers ($$$) to corral various items.
You are all the best…
Of course, the ravaging reality reversers of 42nd Street disguise the utterly sinister reality of this creature's existence in a too-cool-for-you layer of snide smugness, as though if you can't handle the ideal of a violent ex-con crack hustler harassing people on the subway for change, then, well, you just can't belong to the Times' club.
Quick laminate, ribbon and a tiny heart brad from stash, gilding flakes and rhinestones.
And I'm sticking to it.
In fact, all experience is made out of the same stuff – it could be called ‘experience,’ ‘awareness,’ our self or ‘I.’
6) Lauba Gallery: where the magic happend
His reply, "You told me and that's what you do".
But the drug is still a long way from being tested in humans, let alone hitting shelves, researchers said.
Predict Weather
Driver for day three Oliver Turvey
All my images were colored with Copics – E44,E43,E42,E41,E40 / YR15,YR12,YR00 / W5,W3,W1,W00 / E25,E31,E50 / E00,E11,R20 / YG97,YG95,YG93,G20,YG03 / YR20,YR23. I used a more dotting motion with my markers on the cute koala bear…gives him some furry texture. Then a few of the mountains, Tilda’s shoes and the koala’s nose got a shiny coat of Diamond Glaze. To make the foam/bubbles on the waterfall pop I used Liquid Applique and then added a coat of Stickles to the water (and to the leaves & mountain greenery).
The Shake Weight recently gained immortality by appearing on both Ellen and The Daily Show and is gaining widespread notoriety by, heaven help me, doing exactly what its advertisements claim it will do. Assuming you don't mind looking like a truck driver coming off a meth binge for six minutes a day, this could be the machine that finally gives you those Michelle Obama arms (topical!).
And his companion Roland above all men.
For more information on the solar PV campaign in India please refer to the following sources:
5. Your friends have stopped calling him by his nickname (which can be given to anyone, really) and actually know him by his name. (Aside: I can’t confirm that this is true for men as well, but I do have it on good authority that guys give out nicknames as well… so I’m inclined to believe the same applies here as well.)
Paint the back wall a vibrant color or use fun wallpaper. I know for a lot of people wallpaper is a dirty word, but seriously, if you can’t have fun in the closet then you must not have enjoyed middle school. Live a little.
The six objectives were placed in the southwest table quarter, in the cantina (the yellow building to the west), behind the water treatment plant to the north, inside the garbage dump near the centre, north of the garbage dump, and lastly in the small forest to the northeast.
Whisk milk and eggs together and then pour into the well in the dry ingredients together with the butter. Stir with a metal spoon till just combined. Do not overmix as the mixture should be lumpy
And as can be expected, the same old criminals and fraudsters are involved. I quote from the article:
Green-gram dal – 2 cups
AND to complement them we have teamed up with the fabulous Crafters Workshop. I just love their stencils and have used them for a long, long time. I feel they are the best in the industry and I am over the moon to work alongside them. As is totally me, they are all hand drawn, for the eclectic look that I love.
I think I'll go home now.
Will post some pictures and other pictures here, cause I sort of developed some interesting techniques along the way!!
Are you working in service to others, or are you working for ego, money, or what is cost-effective?
Tension has been high on the Korean peninsula since the sinking of a South Korean naval ship in the Yellow Sea and the shelling of one of its frontier islands in 2010.
I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again. The proposal to move Wesgate ward to the Forest constituency may have been inspired by political mischief on the part of Lewis Baston, but alternative proposals haven’t demonstrated that there is a better alternative that involves Gloucester. If the Forest needs more voters, can’t they take a chunk out of Tewkesbury, instead of Gloucester, which seems to have just the right number at the moment?
A private bill, amending the Marriage Act to include same-sex couples, has been introduced to federal parliament by Labor MP Stephen Jones.
* Other options to add variety to this meal include stuffing the burritos with Spanish Rice and/or Refried or Black Beans along with the ingredients listed above.
To think, for the whole animation, and Spy, and probably alot before that, I’ve been giving up a quarter of the time to shorten clips, when I could just automate it. This is why I’m not famous. YET
Captained by a certain Pep Guardiola, the 1997/98 season introduced Rivaldo to the big time as he helped push Barcelona to their 15th La Liga title and claim a Copa del Rey trophy for good measure. Another title was sealed in the following season whilst on an individual level Rivaldo finished runner-up in the Pichichi tropy. He also became Barcelona’s fourth ever recipient of the European Footballer of the Year award.
When I say that God is “uncommon,” I mean that He is truly unique.
The fourth pistol, Xu Guan discovered, was also chambered in 9mm. It was much heavier than the first pistol, however, and the magazines only held fifteen rounds. It had the words Pietro Beretta on the slide. Xu Guan hefted it in his hand a couple times and then tossed it in the creek with the two .45 caliber pistols.
And the doctor just laughs.
And I think Laurence Sterne would have felt right at home in that yurt.
-Fear that child would be removed at any time (too much uncertainty)
Equity Offering 13
"Good mooning Moster Futten." She has no inflexion in her voice and can't enunciate the words but it will have to do. She pushes the fire exit door and is momentarily blinded by the sunlight as Fitton and the Coroner's voices enter the room. There's a waiting station wagon with 'Coroner' written on the side, "Ahem" she growls in a voice that barely resembles hers, turns over the engine and hits the accelerator. She's free. A quick glance in the rear view mirror convinces her that she looks just like everyone else, except for that, and that, and perhaps this . . .still, she's not as bad as she thought.
Mr Twemlow (Our Mutual Friend)
The Qualifying Rounds are open competitions – if you ID as a woman and a poet, you can put your name on our sign-up list and compete for a spot on the championship line.
Neither shall thy name any more be called Abram, but thy name shall be Abraham; for a father of many nations have I made thee (Genesis 17:5).
Someone who makes their first post two days before a cross country move, that’s who.
This next picture has a double-blooper.
Final image: Liz has moved in, she and Shaun both seem happy – and Shaun slips out back to play video games with zombie Ed.
feed me the lines
Clicky links:
God loves a lullaby
For the cover: take 1.5 cups wheat flour or maida/all purpose flour (your choice), 1/2 cup fine rava/sooji/cream of wheat, 2 tsp hot oil, pinch of salt.
Aimee is generously giving one fitted and one cover to a lucky winner! Enter in the Rafflecopter form below!
What is wrong with me?
One way that psychologists have found to test whether something is seen as an object is by turning it upside down. Pictures of people present a recognition problem when they’re turned upside down, but pictures of objects don’t have that problem. So Bernard and his colleagues used a test where they presented pictures of men and women in sexualized poses, wearing underwear. Each participant watched the pictures appear one by one on a computer screen. Some of the pictures were right side up and some were upside down. After each picture, there was a second of black screen, then the participant was shown two images. They were supposed to choose the one that matched the one they had just seen.
Or maybe ‘prey’ is the wrong term. Murnau was a deep director, not prone to cliché. His later film, the less-celebrated City Girl (1930), challenged the dichotomy between city life and the supposed idyll of the countryside, and I think he was challenging it here, too—after all, the Man’s failings occur on the farm, not when he reaches the city. But it is still a piece of the city that turns him bad. Or rather, triggers his badness. And the Man, it must be said, is very bad. He plots to murder his wife.
The guard has just announced that the train has toilet trouble. Questions to the managers are these:
Republicans constantly rant about the current president’s ‘agenda’ that will keep America heavily dependent on foreign oil, if he’s successful. Obama is, in their words, blatantly anti-American, and anti- big oil. I could never understand how there is a sub-set of people in this country that could buy that nonsense, — but there is.
A few success stories were also shared in the convention. The story of Mr. N K Chaudhary of Jaipur Rugs was extremely heart warming. His passion and genuineness could be both felt and heard. Mr. Suresh Srinivasan of Organic India, gave a quick peek into the organization’s purpose and products. Mr. P K Gupta of Cafe Buddy’s shared his start-up story and his initial experiences with creating low cost cafes. It was interesting and surprising to hear a talk on cost competitiveness from a banker. Mr. Sridharan of SIDBI gave interesting anecdotes which I am sure excited and gave insights to a number of us in the audience on how cost effectiveness can be achieved. Mr. Arumugam of NSIC provided useful information regarding the public procurement policy of the government. Dr. Juneja summed up the key takeaways at the end of the program
I was afraid that this book would be a series of anecdotes lambasting Liberty’s students for their antiquated ideals, ethics, and theological convictions. The overwhelming positive ratings the book received on audible from self-proclaimed Christians, with the occasional outlier, persuaded me to spend the $9.95. Roose makes the note that with popular secular opinion the way it is, as well as the unforgivable gaffs evangelical Christians have make in the public arena, he would not take cheap shots at his fellow classmates. I couldn’t help but laugh when he said, “There was a time when making fun of fundamentalist Christians was like hunting dairy cows with a high-powered riffle, now it is more like hunting the ground with one’s foot.” Some might take offense to that. Nevertheless, when public evangelical leaders like Falwell and Pat Robinson blame national trajedies like 9-11 and Katrina on homosexuals, the liberal left, and abortionists, this comment is a gracious one.
I also have three keys that are keycards to slide through a reading mechanism. Two keys are circuits. I have tried each of them in turn, when I find locks that seem compatible. So far though, none of them have unlocked anything. I remain here in the hallway, searching for a way out, or a way in. I’m never really sure which it is. Still, I move on. The hallway itself is the only thing left to me, that and the doors, the locks and the seventeen keys.
But as I read through stacks of People and Star and Us (which is a lot like eating sugar cubes all day long), and more stacks of celebrity biographies, I started to wonder what the deal is about fame. Why does it fascinate us? Why do we love the idea of either being famous or being connected to somebody famous?
While shopping at our local Ross store I found an entry way cabinet that I just fell in love with at first sight. The price tag however was very high. The price was $179, ouch! I walked away. While shopping the rest of the store I couldn't get the cabinet out of my mind, so I decided to take one more look. While moving it around I noticed that the back has some issues as did the front corner. The back had a hole in it about the size of a quarter and a tiny crack. The front left corner had a little repair job (which most people wouldn't notice).
All in all, ms Maer certainly deserved the warm, standing ovation the public gave her. Unfortunately, there was no time for an “encore”, but a few members of the public had the good fortune to be able to exchange a few words with and personally thank Ines Maer for her performance.
The kittens haven’t shown a lot of personality yet, but they do accept handling. They will be a lot of fun when they are ready to play! That may be sometime next week.
Denying yourself and taking up your cross means you will sacrificially love other people. It doesn’t mean you will never get your own way, but that won’t be the source of your happiness. You will find happiness in helping others, giving to others, loving others.
Unfortunately not too many universities or research teams have been given a large, expensive grant to work this one out but while I did look; I came across some information on a group of Eating Disorders called Pica. Wikipedia describes this disorder as the compulsive urge to eat substances which contain no nutritional value such as dirt or clay outside of developmental exemption (or as an adult). Pica is divided into dozens of separate eating disorders all with different symptoms and health risks that are based on which substance the person has a compulsion to consume. After reading into this disorder I have chosen three different forms of Pica that I found personally interesting to delve into.
Not a black tie to be seen, but some very pretty dresses as we filed past the ticket collector and, in our case, were directed to the gallery.
My other passion is Scrapbooking.......so on a Sunday I will be sharing with you not only my layouts that I teach at my scrapbooking classes but my memories as well.
It is her reality
Attorney Christian: Goo you are insane! Can you hear yourself? (Attorney Christian holds a mirror in front of Goo’s face) Look at insanity personified Goo! You have no functioning brain Goo.. Can you understand that goo is goo and has no creative ability? Can you not see that the time-god is a fake an imposter a liar and a thief? Time cannot do anything but move forward. You want this court of intelligent God-fearing men and women to believe that something came out of nothing! Outrageous! Science has proven this is impossible. Read a little up on Louis Pasteur sometime.
Hey, do you know how to get stuck pineapple from between your teeth?
I went to the Neuro doc this morning.. had x-rays..(no need for a new ct scan.. thank god.. those things are spendy!!) had coffee with a friend (Left my glasses there) this is one of the problems I am having that is MS related.. I can see better some times without my glasses.. and so I take them off.. put them down.. and forget them.. ((sigh)).. then went to Physical therapy and the Chiropractor..
Guide to vegetable and fruit serves
Congratulations Grace! Please contact Stacy at twosisterschallengeblog@live.com to find out how to claim your prize. Please feel free to grab the winner's badge in the sidebar if you would like to add it to your blog.
So now Terri comes to stay with me from Monday through Thursday or Friday, depending on the week. I was pretty nervous about having another person in the house again, but Ry LOVES Terri. It has only been a couple days so far, but Ry already seems to be benefitting from her new ability to sleep without being woken up at 6:30. Terri is working on potty training, and she has a carseat so she can take Ry to story time at the library, Cosi, the zoo, the store, and play dates with her sister-in-laws kids. Even more beneficially, Ry and I are getting more time together because we can hang out in the morning some before I got to work and earlier in the evening because we're not just getting home at 6:00. So far, so good. Was it worth the consequences? In the long run, probably.
Just over a month ago I told you about our MGIP programme, but today I’d like you to have a read of a post one of my colleagues (who is currently on the scheme) has written about it in more detail.
Your voice is gentle, oh oh oh, and sentimental
1257 **D-IX/24/1996. “Self-Help in a Telephone Booth.” The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in C-1996(5), above, pp. 316-19.) See The Guardian, London, May 19, 1999, p. 6.
I know… a surprise. Who is ever irresponsible on a Saturday night? Me. I was. Wifey and I just went down for a quick visit to The Stoneyard and just wanted a “beer or two.” Well Good Ol’ Jay was there to change our mind about that! He started me off with a Dark Mild from Roc Brewing Co. (based right here in Rochester, NY) which I then very quickly recommended to my former boss who came in right behind us. Excellent, from there it was all downhill… or uphill I guess… I do love beer.
Editing and arranging all the photos is time consuming and laborious, but it’s the writing I’m struggling with the most.
Although its first 40 seconds are a recording of a voicemail, "Bitter" is one of the album's highlights - a power ballad of sorts that asks "have you ruined any new songs recently?". Elsewhere, "Over You" and "Adam" are highly melodic rockers, and the country-inflected "Someday I Might" closes out the album in wistful fashion. It's nice to see ambition meet execution, and these guys have learned enough from playing those covers to make a sound of their own worth covering.
In another row within the vegetable garden, I'll sow zinnias, cosmos, and sunflowers to add color, attract bees and butterflies, and provide cut flowers.
Pattern Description:
When the time came to make the cookies, I got out my alphabet cookie cutter set and searched for the "I". To my dismay, it was not the kind of "I" that had top and bottom lines - instead it just looked like a long, skinny rectangle! I immediately asked my husband if he could make me a custom "I" cookie cutter. Lucky for me, he made it (out of a soda can) that same hour! (Thanks hubby! You're the best!)
We commune with her in a way that even her relatives may not have been able to during her greiving process. Often, solace is found in the anonymity of strangers. And as we cary her husbands final material-remains to their final resting place, freeing her from the sour burden of memory and physical reminders at every turn, we become her saviors. She opens up. She recolects on her husband with the passing of each physical item. Granting her self a release and offering a blessing to each bag that is tossed into the junk truck. She does not care if they go to charity, to us, or to the bottom of a landfill; she wants her peace from them. They can’t be there anymore. The ghosts of his gym clothes and model airplanes must be exercised from the premisis and we are the ferry boat captains who ensure their departure. She sighs relief. Sadness still hovers, but the things are gone.
We’ve already set up our next date.
but i turned him down,
Tours:
In a large bowl, combine flour and sugar. Using a pastry blender, cut in the butter until mixture resembles fine crumbs. Stir in drained cherries and 4 ounces (2/3 cup) of the chopped chocolate. Stir in almond extract and, if desired, food coloring. Knead mixture with your hands until it forms a smooth ball.
And it's the same for plants too, they need to move.
In order to be entered to win this prize pack, please visit the sponsors above and let me know what you'd snag with your winnings! Leave a comment below and please be sure to leave an email address or Twitter username so I can contact you if you win!
Last year I saw Anncoo made these but it was too late for me to try it out. This year, I made an effort to do it. Ann made big piggies (50g skin 70g paste), I made mini piglets (20g each). Alright, I know I didn't do a good job, but at least I've tried my best in this attempt. Made 11 piglets within an hour and it was almost time to cook dinner. With balance 7 portion of dough, I used my mooncake moulds to complete the job.
The translators’ notes make the original languages far more accessible, allowing you to look over the translator’s shoulder at the very process of translation. This level of documentation is a first for a Bible translation, making transparent the textual basis and the rationale for key renderings (including major interpretive options and alternative translations).
I've included shipping for Canada, the US, and the UK. If you are outside these countries, I'll still find a way to work out the postage.
Not too sure if we'll do much with the cake section - absolutely nothing appeals here - but then again, I'm not that partial to cake.....show me something savoury and I'm your girl! (But not deep fried, thanks, but no thanks).
One of the ground rules of political communication is captured in the aphorism: When you're explaining, you're losing.
I know from a rational stand point there should not be that much importance placed on shoes, but there simply is. You can tell a lot about a man by the shoes he wears. I’ve already addressed the importance of this and how to step up your casual-shoe game here. Go check that out and come back.
Samukange, Chihuri and Gwindi went to Chief Masembura (his mutupo was Mwoyo and his chidawo was Muzukuru), to ask lands for their sons and Chief Masembura agreed. He showed them from the hill called Ngomakurira right through where Makumbe Mission is to-day near to a hill called Makove. Chief Masembura agreed to give this part of his country for their sons, because their father Chinamaringa had married Siti, daughter of Mangwende and the mother of Mazarura. Mangwende and Masembura were brothers.
It's one of those odd things about Romanticism, though, that it involved plenty of cynicism. It was the composers, not the writers, whose senses of humour and awareness of irony sometimes fell flat. The Flying Dutchman is based on a story by Heinrich Heine, whose bite is much fiercer than his eloquent bark. In Heine, the ending of the tale - the suicide of "Mrs Flying Dutchman" - is cynical as hell: the only way a woman can be faithful to this man unto death, he suggests, is if she dies right away. Wagner makes a virtue out of this, but that's not how Heine wrote it. Just as Schumann, setting Heine's songs, avoids the razor edge of this poet's fearsome blade and refuses to laugh or sneer with him, so Wagner goes a stage further and creates his own philosophy out of it - perfumed, feverish and egotistical it may be, but it's alive and well and blazes out of the music. Heine, one suspects, would have been livid.
There is a little-know sequel to Lord of the Flies which takes place in the suburbs. More specifically, the setting is my house. Can you imagine what your house would look like if you left a 12 and a 10 year old boy all alone for two and half months? Let me show you. It might look a little like this.
Sandy Newell, Volunteers for Adult Literacy
There was one notable exception - my mother didn't know that Mr Christie in room 17B was a serial killer (a man that my father described as "a very quiet chap who kept himself to himself"). That was one example of a private life being a little too private.
THE NEXT LEVEL! Susan has gotten great results using this same method with both big and small companies.
Build a simple bridge using sticks.
I am fairly enthusiastic about the use of new media and technology in legal education but remain skeptical about standards. Neither the SRA nor the BSB appear to have much appetite for rigorous inspection of law schools and, short of the nuclear option of withdrawing accreditation, do not appear to have many teeth to ensure that law schools keep to the standards required and observe the rules. (The report into BPP’s over subscription has still not been released. I am advised that it will be soon.)
If so: I have deceived Him. I refused to tell Him about how he can be saved from this wicked and corrupt generation, and be cleansed from all stains of sin.
Jane reported that singing a variety of song types helps to exercise the different skills that people have: for example, action songs involve motor skills (as well as being great fun for everyone) while group members will often have their own favourite song that they would like everyone to sing- using long term memory. The group even practices new songs- demonstrating improvement week by week. Using instruments such as hand held drums and percussion help add variety and a whole other dimension to the session. Social interaction skills and group awareness are encouraged by having one side of the room singing to the other or each side singing different parts.
Now this is all fine and dandy, but how do we, in the final instance, know that there is an independent ‘reality’ (and, by approximation, truth)? Easy; the fact that we die proves it. One can safely assume that one individual’s existentialist ‘self’ and his/her personal ‘world’ of reality, truth, etc., has the same being as that of his/her neighbor. Now, when I die, my existentialist self and my personal ‘world’ die – no dispute there. But when my neighbor dies, the world goes on as before – mine and yours (not his/hers, of course, RIP). This automatically implies that the ‘ultimate’ existence of reality is independent of the temporal being of the beholder, be it all the experiences and all the language games of the individual, the group, civilization or, heaven behold, the species. It suffices to say that we can safely assume that even if a gigantic meteor wipes out all of us, that the Rover explorer on Mars will continue to be (i.e. exist) – as will the name ‘Rover’ written on its side (and all the experience and signifiers that brought it into being) In short; ultimately, we neither determine nor create ‘ultimate’ independent reality, we can only approximate its truth as accurately as possible.
When our founding fathers wrote The Declaration of Independence it was their goal that every one was to be created equal. "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness"
The surf, the sun. The endless 120-300 days of straight growing season.
For some of us, long distance nourishes our souls. Tired legs and sore knees aside, it is the antidote to our busy minds, the peace inside us. Our smile despite the discomfort.
Series Credibility: 1 if you watch it before Freddy vs. Jason, 3 if you watch it after (Let's face it, the series has lost all credibility at this point. None of this could even remotely happen. We aren't even in the POSSIBILITY realm, much less PLAUSIBILITY, however it keep the Jason mythos going with some fine in-jokes and nods to previous canon)
Culturally things began to change as well. The newer generations of the wealthy, as well as the new wealthy, didn’t have the “waiting on hand and foot” mentality that had originated, unfortunately, with the use of slaves in earlier centuries. Families began to value private-time more than round-the-clock service. Maids also picked up on the fact that they could earn a lot more money working one or two days a week for multiple households. These influences decreased the number of live-in maids and gave birth to the “faxineira” concept.
Ready for your RAK challenge? Good. Let's jump right in.
The Eastwell Golding was originally grown at Eastwell Park near Ashford in Kent before 1889. Similar to Petham and Rodmersham Goldings but slightly later ripening. The variety now sold grown and sold as Eastwell Golding by the Redsell Farms group is however an early season variety so the National Hop Collection maintain two selections with different ripening characteristics. (3)
& leave me here
I love this fabric so much. If I had any sort of fabric budget at the moment I'd be buying some yardage of my favourite prints before it all disappears. Sadly I will have to make do with my layer cake and charm square pack.
The basement bar is one of the city's smallest, and it feels like half of Sydney is already here, cocktails in hand and chattering up a storm.
This could be an interesting read for middle schoolboys. My teacher friends say that's a gap to be filled. I think their fathers would like it as well.
1. New York
the simple fact that mosquitoes never EVER bite me
In 1996 I arrived as a young European tourist to stay indefinitely, to see how things go out there in California. And they did go. Everything from there on is now part of my history and created in this town. I am realizing more and more why I live here.
Pink Crocheted Ribbon - American Crafts
In the film, Jenny naively failed to look for contradictions or to question her lover more closely but just goes along with his corruption as David gives her justifications (albeit immoral ones such as the map being better off with them since the old lady didn't know what it was). In the article, Barber claims it was because her teenage self affected a suburban existentialism that forbade such questioning as "bourgeois". Hornby's script suggests that there was more than that. She was deceived by a low type and hindered by English politeness while being ashamed of her own lack of sophistication. She was taken in by someone brazen enough to believe in his own lies, by one we are told is “a Wandering Jew”. I doubt that open antisemitism would be expressed by a headteacher (Emma Thompson) at that time and that she would have denounced Jews as Christ-killers in so blunt a way, if at all. This is based on the memoir as headmistress Miss R.Scott-Garwood looked aghast when Jenny told her she was to marry a Jewish man but that does not imply the harsh denunciation of the film. This was condemnation; not shock.
Find a way to push and pull, to play off one another. Find a way to fight amiably and productively. Find a way to serve a surpassing idea or talent.
And Cecelia. What a sweet, smart, funny, amazingly talented, and kind woman. She has to be one of my top 10 favorite people in the world. Love her!
False equivalency is practiced by the “liberal” mainstream media, but conservatives are the prime beneficiaries. Hiding behind the idea that both sides are at fault, Republicans ignore the fact that gridlock in Washington is mostly their responsibility. If voters can spread the blame, they will exert less pressure on the GOP to move back to the center. Democrats often find themselves torn between the party’s more liberal, Occupy-type base and the vast majority of more moderate voters, but for all the talk of the Santorum-Romney split in the GOP, the real Republican rift is between the extremists and the ultra-extremists. The Tea Party tugs to the right a party that has already moved far from the center. Case in point is the frequency with which Obama – who has been silent on gun control, can’t seem to “evolve” on gay marriage, and caves on regulation of greenhouse gases – is labeled a socialist. Some socialist: his health care plan was the brainchild of the Heritage Foundation, cap-and-trade once attracted the support of John McCain, and the specter of bank nationalization devolved into a multibillion-dollar handout to Wall Street.
Last Year:
A few weeks ago I had the opportunity to participate in an activity organized by the Association of Pinhole Photography in my city, and in this case they improvised a “camera” with simple cans of soda. They gave us one of these cameras to everyone, and they asked us to take a picture at our discretion. The picture is at the beginning of this post is the photo that I realized: I put my Coke bottle on the floor paved on the beach, removed the tape acting as a shutter clearing the hole in the plate, mentally counted up to 8 seconds, and returned to place the duct tape, closing the shutter.
I often get non-fiction, crafty, gardeny, chook sheddy, books out of the library, thinking "that would good to do" and then never do whatever is contained in the book (we still don't have a vege garden or a chook shed).
I could buy you a ring?
The De Molen brewery is located in Bodegraven in the Netherlands, in an old Mill that was lovingly restored.
Thank everyone who has reached out to me this past week, its means so much to me to know you are all lifting us up in your prayers or in loving thoughts. We will take all we can get during this rough time.
The London bombings of 9/5 resulted from British security services allowing the development of terror networks throughout Britain. A threat assessment by the Joint Terrorist Analysis Centre a mere month earlier stated: “There was no group with current intent and capability” to commit a terrorist attack in Britain.
arrested four notorious
She brought herself back to the present as the launch ate up the intervening miles of ocean and Bimini appeared on the horizon. Tom, a biologist working in his natural shark nursery in the crook of the island, was finally having to come to terms with the ‘real world’. His nursery was under threat of development. That was why the Green Turtle offer was so important for them to check out.
Everywhere you look, you get the same sense of crisis. Hackney Council complains of a £60 million "budget hole" over the next three years, and is mooting a direct increase in Council Tax. Luton council, however, making emergency cuts to street cleaning to save £262,000. The cuts include cutting 12 jobs, having no street cleaning supervisors or graffiti removal staff available at weekends and cutting overnight mechanical sweeper cleaning.
May Our God The
I can think of two reasons. First, unless God is almighty, He may not be the proper person to hear our confession. Second, if God is not almighty, His mercy may prove ineffectual to pardon and cleanse us.
The possible (and to me highly likely) influence of the teachings of Jesus on such supposedly Eastern things as Zen being thus very understandable and indeed quite natural.
Und nun die Inspirationswerke und die Reihenfolge für den Blog Hops des Design-Teams.
Best of all, I love almost-ripe mangoes, just sweet enough, with a hint of sour, but unfortunately never in abundance.
Baltar: “I don’t. God’s not on anyone’s side. God’s a force of nature. Beyond good and evil. Good and evil, we created those. Wana break the cycle? Break the cycle of birth, death, rebirth, destruction, escape, death. That’s in our hands. In our hands only. Requires a leap of faith. Requires that we live in hope. Not fear.”
Happy Monday! As I have been working on getting ready to launch my shop, I have been thinking how nice it would be to have a list of all the shops that bloggers have. So that's what I'll do! I will be adding a page soon that has them all listed and will keep it updated as we go along. If you want to be added, shoot me an e-mail with your shop name, URL and what you sell! Don't have a shop? Tell your friends who do! I think it we be fun to have it all in one place so we can support each other easier!
For further information contact either: Valerie Nelson (valerie.i.nelson@gmail.com ) or Jeffrey Eagles (jeffrey.eagles@gmail.com)
Program Coordinator Position: FT
6:30pm: Defrost meat, prep anything being baked
Turn your eyes upon Jesus,
The US version (shown above) is completely changed from the hardback cover, and highlights the book's sensuous involvement with lavender and the sense of place in the French countryside. In the Netherlands, there's greater play on the gothic, personal element.
The time puts Lawrence in some lofty company as da Silva, the least known of the 4 ahead of him, was a 10.00/19.96 sprinter back in the 80's/90's and ranked #1 in the world over 200 in 1989. With such an auspicious start Lawrence would appear to be headed for big things this year. He could be one to watch.
In many parts of the country, real estate lost 50% of its value. There were many folks that lost their home, just like now. There are time periods that this happens. Many of these folks will want to become homeowners again. Many will rent homes, until they are able to buy again.
On the first day alone, more than 19,000 British soldiers were killed, more than 35,000 were wounded, more than 2000 were missing in action and 585 were taken prisoner. It was, to say the least, not a good day for the British. Things did not improve significantly over the entire course of the campaign. By the end, the British had gained a mere 2 miles of territory and lost 420,000 men to do so.
Russ: “It wasn’t psychoanalysis, it was psychotherapy, and I used to have sessions with Leon Redler, and I used to read him what I was writing. I’m trying to think of my reason – maybe I just wanted a private audience!” (laughter) “Maybe I wanted to test the validity of it, whether the characters would ring true.”
8. "King of the World" – 5:04
Then Davinia was viciously attacked on December 26th I will not go into details but she was in emergency surgery for 3 hours to fix internal injuries and then in critical condition for several more days. Her pelvis was broken and fractured in multiple places and she had nerve and muscle damage. Yet she is determined to get better. Each day she tries her very best to walk the little bit she can manage even with help and knows she needs to rest in order to get better.
all 5 new In Colors on the card. I hand cut all the raised elements. :D
Mmlle Georgiana is dressed by Miss Ruby
In the ensuing decade, longtime Roth fans continued to bitch ad-nauseum that the music of ‘Van Hagar’ was softer, more serious, more keyboard-driven, and it’s hard to argue with such a claim. But really, those same changes in the band’s sound are largely responsible for Van Halen’s continued chart success, long after many other 80s-era metal bands were dropping like flies due to the shifts in musical tastes. And even die-hard Roth zealots have to admit the band, as fronted by Roth, represented the same type of flashy, image-driven, hedonistic and over-the-top ideal that people began to turn away from in the early 90s. Not that Hagar was some sort of down-to-Earth dude who wrote deep introspective lyrics, but unlike Roth, he did often attempt to write about subjects other than sex, cars and getting shit-faced. During his time in VH, Roth was adamantly against adding keyboards to the mix; it has been well-documented he did not want “Jump” (their biggest single) to be included on 1984. Whether or not his stance was a catalyst for his eventual departure (or the surprise success of his EP of cover tunes, Crazy from the Heat) doesn‘t really matter. Simply put, Roth didn’t want VH to change from the tried and true, and Hagar was willing to adapt.
Yeah, that's a lot of jobs! :-) I'm working pretty hard, and sometimes it gets complicated. But we're all having a good time! No venom here. And I'm doing my best to spread the word: Teenagers are fun!
Accessories
In this painting, the cycle of death is represented by the flesh coloured figure standing on a road that leads to the figure of death coming from out of the hillside. It is important to note that they are also linked by the cigarette that they both share, and this completes the circle that links the dead with the living. The crown symbolises the father and the fall of the father. This can also be read as they demise of a patriarchal society and suggests that the figure that is alive is taking that cigarette not to smoke, but to stub out and reject.
Honorable Mention: Divine Misfortune by A. Lee Martinez (Orbit)
I'm also sanitizing & readying two corny kegs for receiving my Imperial Rye IPA out of it's tertiary fermenter. I'll force-carbonate the kegs after they cool, and maybe get to drink some of it by Sunday. I ended up dry-hopping the batch with 6.5 ounces of leftover Zatek-Bor (Bohemian) hop pellets. Zatek-Bor hops are really hard to find outside of Eastern Europe. It will be interesting to see what kind of aromas and tastes prevail with this fun brewing experiment.
EAST BRUNSWICK, N.J.—2009 has officially come to an end, and so has this week of "2009 (and Earlier) in Review." Onwards to 2010!
They heard another sound, a grinding all around them, echoing up through the floor. Sharia’s blurred vision returned to acute focus and she met the captain’s eyes and in each they saw mirrored the terror the other felt. For a moment the blind desire to kill one other was replaced by a deeper, more insistent instinct, one they shared. Fear of the underworld. For the first time in her short life, Sharia felt no desire to kill this stranger, these brethren, and she and he silently, suddenly saw a different way, an end to the senseless ceaseless slaughter. Then he was gone.
The attitude regarding success must be consistent to achieve anything in live. Often times our unsuccessful pathways contribute to our limited success. It is important that we live by the rules of success. One successful rule of success is examined your own weakness and strengths, developing good judgment skills will help you stay on the pathway of success. While walking the pathways of success maintain a positive attitude, believe it will work. Set up principles that drive success. Define success for your-self.
If your family takes showers naked, then you are from a perverted family. Normal families shower in their clothes.
The latest operational Texas brewery is now (512) Brewing in Austin. Built and owned by Kevin Brand, (512) Brewing has brewed its first commercial beers in the past few weeks.
Entertainment Weekly posted a video of Bella and Edward's honeymoon scene. Edward is looking lustily (or constipatedly) at Bella. Where is Bella looking? THE DAMN SHEETS.
2108.***E-IV/21/2002. On race-related issues and a crippling Political Correctness. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-29.)
In 2010, she wrote a memoir titled “Letter to Emily”, in which she described her double-life as a closeted lesbian. She then felt more free to openly discuss her relationship with her partner among friends and colleagues. She was the aunt of the late Jeffrey Dahmer.
You’re slipping away
This post has NOT been viewed by a proof reader or editor.
and waited
Merc's brain = ERROR: file not found.
The "Leather" items (Buckled Strap, Ring with leather trim and the Leather Corners)
Now that I have that out of the way, on to the business at hand. Those of us that spend a lot time with the written word realize there are all types of information we take in. There are books that one can read in a few hours and digest most of what they have to. Then there are books that are read for pure entertainment value. Every now and then one comes across a volume that is demanding of the reader on many levels, and yet the rewards of diligence make the effort expended well worth it. Such is the nature of Saving Leonardo: A Call to Resist the Secular Assault on Mind, Morals & Meaning, by Nancy Pearcey.
5. Shaming Young People Who Take Education—But Not Their Schooling—Seriously. In a 2006 survey in the United States, it was found that 40 percent of children between first and third grade read every day, but by fourth grade, that rate declined to 29 percent. Despite the anti-educational impact of standard schools, children and their parents are increasingly propagandized to believe that disliking school means disliking learning. That was not always the case in the United States. Mark Twain famously said, “I never let my schooling get in the way of my education.” Toward the end of Twain’s life in 1900, only 6 percent of Americans graduated high school. Today, approximately 85 percent of Americans graduate high school, but this is good enough for Barack Obama who told us in 2009, “And dropping out of high school is no longer an option. It’s not just quitting on yourself, it’s quitting on your country.”
Level 9: STR: +27, DEX: +27.
A big Howdy going out to Mountain View, California you've been by 10 times out of the 100 showing - an even 1/10th of my visits are from you. I feel like I should be offering you a beverage and snacks when you come in ;)
rolls & green beans
Now, let us consider the theory of the majority that it would be a great anomaly to have two legislative bodies, the Legislature and the President to be acting at the same time, each nullifying the acts of the other. I fail to see the suggested anomaly. In fact, under the view and interpretation given by the majority of the delegation of contemplated the simultaneous functioning of the Legislature and the President, both exercising legislative powers. And it is a fact that there were several instances of the legislature and the President both validly and simultaneously exercising legislative powers.
Help relieve allergies to foods and pollens
The four other arrested men came from Stoke-on-Trent in central England -- Nazam Hussain aged 25, 19-year old Usman Khan, 26-year old Mohibur Rahman and Abul Bosher Mohammed Shahjahan, also aged 26.
If you finish a task earlier, feel free to start working on another task.
Another day is ending
My birth mother’s niece sends photos from the other side of the family. In one old brown photograph, she recognizes my middle son in the face of a somber, blonde child with dark eyes. I look and look and look, but I don’t find my son. She finds other connections in eyes and lips and smiles, but I don’t see them, either, and neither do her daughters. If you have to look that hard, I ask her, are you merely seeing what you want to see? “You are who you are,” she replies kindly, with understanding. “You are the product of your family.” And I know she means my family, not hers, though biologically, we are first cousins. In the past, I’ve poured through photographs of my mother and father’s families, of ancestors I’ve never met, of ancestors who don’t belong to me but do. I can show you the slope of a nose or the brown pool of an eye or the height of a hairline that might fool you into thinking that we shared genes. For most of my life, this was my most fervent desire: to be so completely theirs that nobody would ever question my place in the family. In the absence of that, I dismissed it all. Except for my twin.
How can you find out what agents have sold and recent deals? Well, Publishers Marketplace is an excellent resource. Keep in mind, however, that not all agents list their sales there. So that's not the end all be all. I've actually not been announcing a lot of stuff lately for a variety of reasons.
It is easy to apply, it feels very soft and silky on the cheeks. M-Pressed Blush in Clay is very easy to blend and the color is build-able to your liking! I even used this blush as an eyeshadow on my inner corners of the lid. It is a soft color and blend-able. I love it!
Special attention was paid to avoid interfering with the recessed lights, sprinkler heads, air vents and fire alarms along the hallway ceiling.
So we’re officially over halfway through the rehearsal process. How did that happen? Wow. After a really great chat with a dear friend about where I am in this process and where my head’s at, I can tell you that I’m going to be making some changes – hopefully all for the best!
More stuff that went into my file, that's all.
“Race is just a social construct!” does not justify White GENOCIDE
Check out that part in bold. I think this is the answer to that age old question of why God let Adam and Eve fall, how He works the problem of sin into His ultimate plan for His glory. The Greek word for “consign” means to shut up together or enclose. It seems to me that God has allowed us to become slaves to sin, to become helplessly trapped in its embrace all by our own choice, but He has a far greater purpose for it. He has “consigned all to disobedience that he may have mercy on all.” We fell so He could show us His mercy, which is exceedingly glorious! That He would take back a people that rebel against Him and constantly violate His character and take advantage of His gift of life is completely amazing.
I hope I can get back into writing about it.
As for Alex's lady friend Danielle (Alonna Shaw).... well, let's just say at least she shows her tits. Granted they are fake as hell and displayed mostly in a highly tacky sex scene with JCVD (colored lights, ridiculous positions, and all), but who am I to complain about a lovely lady showing the goods? She's not very good in her role, but what can you do?
3 tablespoons olive oil
Stephen Keeton, 26, of the 200 block of Manor Boulevard, was arrested Wednesday by Collier County sheriff’s deputies at home.
about the only sushi fish that is more widespread in Europe than it is
Also, T_T the quality isn’t really good so you might not be able to read some of the characters
Describe the cover of the Ark. (“Make two cherubim out of hammered gold at the ends of the cover. Make one cherub on one end and the second cherub on the other; make the cherubim of one piece with the cover, at the two ends. The cherubim are to have their wings spread upward overshadowing the cover with them. The cherubim are to face each other, looking toward the cover. Place the cover on top of the ark and put in the ark the Testimony, which I will give you.” (Exodus 24:17-21))
According to this view of the world, Christianity is the killjoy of life. It compels people to restrain their natural sexual appetites, which can only legitimately be expressed within monogamous marriage. Supposedly this causes Christians to be “repressed,” leading to various social and psychological problems. Sexual liberation (that is, throwing off Christian moral restraint) leads to relaxed, well-adjusted people. And these people can freely enjoy the good things in life—you know, like promiscuity, pornography, divorce and abortion. Isn’t that appealing?
Beat in the eggs, one at a time, beating smooth after each addition.
chill for a while before serving
I don’t think I’ll be able to write a part 3 for “Last Day at Work” for a while. I’ve never been really good at talking about problems that have upset me in a sad way. I can easily talk about a problem that has angered me, or frustrated me, or I felt was unfair. But not problems that make me sad. So instead, I’m going to write about some positives that have been going on that’s work-related.
....she pictured to herself how this same little sister of hers would, in the after-time, be herself a grown woman; and how she would keep, through all her riper years, the simple and loving heart of her childhood: and how she would gather about her other little children, and make THEIR eyes bright and eager with many a strange tale, perhaps even with the dream of Wonderland of long ago: and how she would feel with all their simple sorrows, and find a pleasure in all their simple joys, remembering her own child-life, and the happy summer days.
Salzburg is such a pretty, quaint town (could do without the Mozart madness) and they definitely do it up right for Christmas. It was Sarah's favorite city...not hard to see why. We Christmas marketed, took a trip up to the fortress, wandered around the beautiful cathedral and ate, drank and window shopped, of course.
Unfortunately, we were hit with the smell of stench as soon as we entered through the garage door into the kitchen. I have no idea why, but I did not want to offend my mother and ignored it. My daughter immediately put her hand to her face and began making gagging sounds. I kept telling her to cut it out, but she didn’t seem able.
Unggue containers play an important role in the mayhem to follow.
5. Random Musing no. 2
This last Impression Obsession card uses a bottle with a wreath along with a sentiment stamp from the set CL282 The Miracle of Christmas.
What does the future for Bridge and Tunnel look like?
I am hearing...birds chirping, dogs barking, lawnmowers whirring, cars passing...
Book Photography by David Monaghan
- Beef stir fry boneless $4.99/lb ($11.00/kg)
MATFIELD DOMINATES
So those are the details, in a not so pretty post. A lot of information that I don't even quite understand. I have moments every day when I'm crippled with fear. Crippled by the facts, the statistics, the stories, and the odds. I still believe He can heal our child of whatever might be wrong, but I'm resting in His will. I know He doesn't want our baby to be sick. It wasn't God's intention for us to deal with hurt and death and struggle on this earth. But the wonder in all of this, is that He can make something beautiful out of it, no matter what the ending looks like.
For this sew-along, I invite you to use any men's boxers pattern you wish; they're generally very similar to each other, and I'll be using a few different ones to point out various design elements and methods of construction. We'll even discuss how to draft your own boxers pattern!
Mary, Mary, quite contrary, How does your garden grow?
On finishing the run, the first words of the ex-member of rock band The Zimmers were: "Where's my beer?"
The next week we were out of town and then too busy week 3.
This is no Harper Collins or even Basement jacks Publishing. Try Pen or Authors on line. There linked on the site.
Pearl drop earrings: Linneys
I have had the pleasure of meeting, knowing and learning amazing Catholics, Methodist, Buddhists, Followers of Wicca, Orthodox Jews, Non-Orthodox Jews, Mormons, Jehovah Witnesses, Agnostics, Atheists, Naturalist, Native Americans, Christ Scientists, Priestesses Of New Thought, Members of the Agape Church, Scientology, Monks, Nuns, Reverends, Priests, Scientists, Hindus, Sikh… And I’m sure there are people of more and different faiths that I’ve had discussions with, and some, discussions I’ve had over my life have been completely one sided, like a few I’ve had with sharp dressed darker skinned men in New York City who used to like to shout and point at me, and calling me out for being above all, a white man with blue eyes.
In order to recognize the American spirit of loyalty and the sacrifices that so many have made for our Nation, the Congress, by Public Law 85-529 as amended, has designated May 1 of each year as “Loyalty Day.” On this day, let us reaffirm our allegiance to the United States of America, our Constitution, and our founding values.
I did some quick thinking and finally told him he could go right across the walkway to where two rocking chairs were set up around a game of checkers. He happily did my bidding and began building a tower of checkers, allowing us womenfolk to return to our meal. But I soon noticed a big problem. He was stationed awfully close to the kitchen entrance/exit. Which meant that the three times he ran across the walkway to tell me something, he almost collided with a waitress carrying a huge tray of food; it was uncanny, their timing, as if the wait staff and my son had conspired together to give me a very premature heart attack. I frantically scolded him to watch where he was going and to stay put. But then his tower fell, which in turn caused him to fall into the floor in a conniption. I talked him through it and he went back to try again, soon crumpling up on the floor again in absolute despair. Three times.
So they're making two of their own. A modern SF show from Ghostwatch creator Stephen Volk, and a (probably) fantasy living-and-undead-cop-together show from John Jackson, a Being Human writer.
-Full family Christmas and New Years in Hawaii.
done with the fish and the loaves of bread when I fed the multitudes? Do you not yet see that it is not about what you have to offer… but it’s about what I can do with what you have to offer when you bring it all to Me.
“She would be out all the time and took her purse with her little medicine bag in it with her everywhere she went. I’d come home from school, she wouldn’t be there. She’d show up, grab a few things, then leave again and I wouldn’t see her again until she came home around the same time the next day.”
“My hope is that in a couple of years’ time this sort of thing will be the norm in care settings,” replied Jane. “When I started out, music seemed like the ‘secret magic ingredient’ – one that worked wonders in engaging people, but that few people knew about. I see this changing all the time, and there is a real groundswell of enthusiasm and interest in this area, from both service users, care providers, and higher up the institutional hierarchies. Quite often there is a lot of nervousness around engaging with music, but as more people experience it and see the effects, I hope they are able to overcome their shyness and have a go! I’m determined to do all that I can to help that to happen.”
1- USB SD Memory Card Reader (Download Images Quicker!)
C.i.f. London: documents at sight,
The hedge that quivers at the foot of the hill,
HT: It depends on the day. Over the past two months, I wrote Werewolf Love Story and Forever and Always(Vampire Love story book #3) simultaneously. So the last two months have mainly been about writing. I get up around 6:30 a.m. and go for a walk for about an hour. Feed my eight year old son, and then we usually snuggle and watch cartoons or play video games. Then I take my son to his Nana's house (my mom) and then I drive over to B'Daulton Bookseller in Riverside. I sit down at their cafe and write or edit for three to four hours. I love writing there because it inspires me being around all those great books. They also make great soup. After that, I pick my son up and go back home and spend the rest of the day writing and editing at my house. Usually in the evening, I take my son to the park or the pool. I like to end my day by walking or doing something physical.
Despite the spread of general purpose networking ideas, there are still many closed systems which have very specific purposes. In this environment, a simple and efficient protocol can be enforced without the danger of incompatibilities. An example is the network of devices in a modern automobile that communicate over a network. From the perspective of the author these narrowly defined closed systems are considered embedded communication systems. Even in these embedded systems, there is increasing interest in the connection of embedded systems to larger networks for status monitoring purposes. Just as the embedded systems have borrowed communication protocols and technology from larger communication systems, they are likely to borrow the many of the interconnection and standardization ideas in the near future.
You can be sure I will find the source of the ants and get rid of the problem. I don’t want to keep getting bit! But, it took a while for me to realize there was a real problem. I had to get bit several times before I finally faced the facts. In an effort to reduce and eliminate sources of temptation—we need to be willing to admit that an influence is wrong and has to be rooted out and done away with. It takes work and sometimes we just don’t want to face the fact that something is a real problem. But if we don’t do anything about the source of our temptation—we’re just going to keep getting bit.
Todays' weight-220. That's 22 pounds down total and my surgery was April 8th. Feeling pretty good about this!! Still waiting for magic wand that will allow me to wake up thin and healthy tomorrow morning, but until that happens I'll keep doing what I'm doing!
Gabriel García Márquez wins 17-year legal fight with man claiming his life story provided the basis for the main character in Chronicle of a Death Foretold. http://bit.ly/t1WrU1
Two challenges helped me pull it all together and I ended up with a Valentine's Day card for hubby.
~Respecting other runners
BuzzFlash: When we had the so-called teabagging protest April 15, I was on a commuter train, and there was a woman going to a teabagging protest in Chicago, where BuzzFlash is located. She was writing on a poster with a Magic Marker and it said, “No taxation without representation.” I thought to myself for a moment — I was thinking, what does this person think? She probably has two senators, a congressperson, a state representative, a state senator. She has a representation. Her favorite candidates might have lost the last election. Obviously she’s disgruntled. But she has representation.
With Father's Day right around the corner, I ran with that theme and made a card and gift bag tag for my sweet hubby, Scott:
That is strong, hard, straight talk but it is the Word of God and it is the final authority.
Max Frost & The Troopers - Sittin' In Circles
This man has seen me cry, the ugliest cries over the most irrational worries. He’s listened to me cry about “Ten years from now…” and “You have no idea how badly I hurt inside” and “If you love me this much, who else will???”.
And that goes back to the first day when we announced we were adopting Doyle and Fischer.
In marketing we talk about brand signatures, and the top mark is literally that. The script is both distinctive and memorable. Characteristics of a good brandmark.
For the mistakes I’ve made
Icelandic. Ish. Pretty much.
Friday, November 17, 2006 8:00 PM
Thats all for now, I know it was kind of short but there wasn't really much to it. Thanks for reading :).
His gentle urging is of course one reason why I keep a blog. I have to bite my tongue whenever he reminds me that journaling would be a great idea. Because of our unique connection and my inability to lie I worry that if I tell him I am,I do he will get out of me that it's in the form of a blog and that from there he will figure out the rest. And that probably wouldn't be so bad except that sometimes I think that it would.
These people, in the public eye, yes, but still, become taregts for hatred. They are hounded down, criticised for whatever they do.
Pare down all the stuff you don't need and then you'll have the bones of the query in place.
Nothing else really new with academics this week. It's pretty much the same books and we're almost finished with those. He did his copywork, poetry, narrations, etc. In math he's doing 3-digit x 3-digit multiplication now. We still use only the textbook for TT5 and he now zips through a lesson in about 20 minutes. I'm glad we already have TT7 - I wouldn't want to buy a whole new program if he's only using the book.
How are you going to pace yourself this week?
I am excited to share with you this card I made using the beautiful Prima Songbird Paper Collection. I was invited to be a guest artist for the Artsy Addicts Blog and I am very excited! If you want to read a little bit about me you can see the post Here. I've been having a lot of fun making these drawer easel cards and I made another one using this cute prima stamp!! I colored her with with my copic markers and put her in this white frame. I love this paper collection because to me it screams Spring and Shabby Chic! One of my favorite combinations :)
The air left his own chest slowly, fingers dropping from the keys as he flashed me -- still not kidding -- a compassionate smile. Like it was only a matter of time before I discovered the Shrine of the Coruscating Goddess and, now that I had, what inevitably ensued needed couching in pity.
When you arrive at the coop exclaim loudly,
So here is how it works: All week long we write about one topic. At the end of the week I will post a MckLinkey at the bottom of my post, and then you just click on it to link up to your own post about that week's praiseworthy topic at your blog. A list will form at the bottom of my post so that anyone who comes here can click on your post and read it at your blog. It's kind of fun!
Garnish with any leftover fresh chilli and kaffir lime leaves, and serve immediately. Pair it with rice and salad for a full meal.
On OFL we have a nice article on a kitchen garden:
If you want to know a bit about the Cambridge Rock Family tree (late 60's - Early 80's) have a look here
A what? Yes I know. This movie is widely under the radar of most. And yes I realize that I have ranked it higher than the beloved Lion King. But personally I think Aladdin was more fun. Perhaps it’s the feel of the magical period of, whenever. Or the feeling of a true escape of reality. I enjoyed the ride. And I don’t care if you like Robin Williams or not (my mom hates him) but even if you don’t want to admit it, he absolutely stole the show with this film as the genie. Think this movie is nothing? Anaheim’s Disney California Adventure initially wanted to cancel the live version of this show a while back to make room for a new Toy Story live show….but the fan base refused. Aladdin is still in the same theater in California Adventure to this day.
SECTION 2. The amendment set out in Section 1 of this act shall be submitted to the qualified voters of the State at the statewide general election on November 6, 2012, which election shall be conducted under the laws then governing elections in the State. Ballots, voting systems, or both may be used in accordance with Chapter 163 of the General Statutes. The question to be used in the voting systems and ballots shall be:
Oh no, not this year pilgrim.
I can’t be specific about the biggest plot hole, because that would give away too much of the plot and spoil it for the reader, so I leave it as an exercise for the reader to find out.
Happy Easter!!
1. How to Start a Revolution
Maybe I don't care
I keep hearing 30,000 – 40,000 words for a MG novel, and editors would rather see that be on the shorter end for a first time writer. BUT… to tell Princess Amelia’s and Zoe’s stories/story as it needs to be told, in a character-driven way where we see both girls evolve? I went from 35,000 to 38,000 on the first pass, and I see that growing to 40,000 easily.
Smile when you think about me,
“I am making this report because I fear the enactment will usurp the powers of the Sultan of Kedah, who is the head of Islam in the state,” he told reporters after lodging the report at the Alor Setar police headquarters at 9.30am here today.
From the Washington Post:
Nell, Han Heejung (한희정), Thomas Cook, & Kim Sarang (김사랑) (Tie)
Congratulations Dr. Donald Christian!
Lunch time here in Florida. Don’t forget to check back tomorrow!
Today starts the beginning of the May 2012 Kill, Baby… Kill! Eastern U.S. Tour. They’re starting in Atlanta tonight, going up the East Coast and back to end next week at Secret Stages in Birmingham. If you have friends or family in any of the cities they are hitting, click that link above and help them spread the word.
There is a harmonious gamut to the positions of all races in the country in the Constitution, which some politicians prefer to ignore. They are immaturely trying to practise divisive politics by toying with the issue of ‘a chosen people’ versus ‘ the marginal group’ and this has perceptibly caused covert but marked disunity among people of different races and religions in the country.
I could stand under this streetlight
- Southern Tier Unearthly Ale
One thing that has gone on around the old house place was this weekend’s festivities. A few months back, The Boss and I were riding around after we had our breakfast at the “Egg & I” and we were talking about the holiday events where we “dote” over our girls. Then we got to talking about our “towheaded” son’s in law. I thought and eventually spoke out loud.
When I started this blog a good friend of mine was sceptical.
* Jason Lee as David "Dave" Seville
It was another uneventful no spend day today. I can't think of a thing we are going to need until Sunday night when I will need to pick up some eggs and fruit for the grands next week. If things continue to go as planned an extra $200.00 with be headed to the Christmas/Vacation account Sunday morning!!
How would you describe the impact that Winter has on Blake?
So, it’s with much excitement that I say we’ve answered London’s call and will be landing for week of indulgent (read SHOPPING) fun in early July … eeek! The excitement mounts, and the countdown begins …
- The Clash - the whole of the first album and highlights from the rest...up to and including Sandinista.
I was almost killed one year ago after a gig at one of these places run by a wannabe gang-made guy. To my doctor’s surprise I survived. And to my surprise I got kind of angry at these outlanders (liberal as I am).
The result made Real Madrid wait until at least their trip to Athletic Bilbao, later on Wednesday night, to win the La Liga title. Read More
First, at the beginning of the world, He could be called the great secret of God. In fact, a name of His in the Old Testament is פִּלְאִי (piliy) (Judges 13:18, Psalms 139:6)(The word “wonderful” is a prophetic name for Christ, Isaiah 9:6, although the Hebrew word here is different, although almost identical: פֶּלֶא). Which means, “wonderful,” and “secret.” It is a prophetic name for Christ. He was the secret reserved until the time of the end (Hebrews 1:2). Yeshua took the secret, invisible nature of God, and made it visible to the whole world. And yet, He hid His divine nature in flesh.
Suppose one of the *455,237 pieces of space junk orbiting the Earth at any given time slams into it?
1 small yellow onion, diced (or 1/2 large)
General Najiya: Your highness, I bring to you the new vandal, but my soldiers weren’t able to capture her comrades.
I can say this because I kind of, sort of, maybe, in a way, run things here; this past week of 100 Word Song was the most creative one ever. All of you dug deep inside your dark, hard crusted souls and delivered some brilliant writing. The best part of the week were the new regulars, like According To Mags, Badrinath, and today’s hightlighted 100 Word Singer, Michele from Old Dog New Tits. Yes, she has tits in her name and that means I can’t read her stuff from work, despite the fact that the Tits refer to a dog and thus makes her blog educational. At least that’s her story. Here’s her piece from last week http://olddognewtits.com/2012/04/20/accidentally-nostalgic-for-100-word-song/ . Michele and I talk on the twitter about music so I figured she could deliver something versatile and fun to write about. She did. This week’s choice is Waiting On A Friend from The Rolling Stones. Leeroy the robot is expecting greatness from each of you.
As the years began to roll out, he realised that settling to recording and writing what he saw wasn’t enough.
I am holding this class on Wednesday the 19th at 10am and Saturday the 22nd at 10.30am. Class cost is $25 and inclusive of all materials and tools.
SANTORUM: Well, I would just say, in answer to the question, that as I mentioned last debate, in 2006, I went out and authored a letter with 24 other senators asking for major reform of Freddie and Fannie, warning of a meltdown and a bubble in the housing market. I stood out, I stood tall, and tried to get a reform, and we couldn’t do it. The reform we’d need is to gradually decrease the amount of mortgage that can be financed by Freddie — or underwritten by Freddie and Fannie over time, keep reducing that until we get rid of Fannie and Freddie.
In 2005, assisted by the artisans of Daw’an, she rebuilt walls, sealed roofs with quicklime, and trained Yemeni and foreign students. The aim is not to produce replicas, but to enable local people to stay in these semi-abandoned villages. Damluji provides modern working conditions, with a dining room, a bathroom and so on.
"You have to trust in something — your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. Because believing that the dots will connect down the road, will give you the confidence to follow your heart - even when it leads you off the well worn path. And that will make all the difference."
The tradition of calling your son “a chip off the old block” is purportedly for a show of pride, but really it seems like a hidden insult. It implies that while the son is like you, he in no way matches your stature. He’s just a misshapen little remnant of the monolith that is the father. A chip is a pathetic knock-off to the old block.
Article 44: The relevant legal documents touched upon in these Rules, should be made according to the relevant document forms of the National Copyright Administration.
The recognition that learning actually begins before birth leads us to a striking new conception of the fetus, the pregnant woman and the relationship between them.
Merrill DataSite continues to be positively involved in the Euro & CIS markets for some time now as well as anticipates the requirement for Virtual Data Room (VDR) providers may grow considerably in these marketplaces within future years. Merrill have completed the entire localization of their digital information space user interface in to Russian, as well as its effective Research functionality, meaning just about all documents loaded in to it’s VDR tend to be 100% retrieveable within Russian. This is further evidence of Merrills commitment to it’s client base in this region after the appointment associated with Mister. Sergei Ukrainsky two years back, who provides on-the-ground nearby presence. Mr. Ukrainsky can also be supported by a team associated with highly experienced indigenous speaking Russian Project Managers.
I could've taken pictures all day but I could tell by the looks of the employees that my time was up.
When we returned in the early afternoon, I took Ashley home with me, and we just chilled out. That Wednesday I will never forget. Trent had had a blast with Sammy the day before. He and some of the other dads all went up to Bass Pro Shop and then had lunch and went out to the archery range all before picking up the school aged kids. That Wednesday was more quiet, but Sammy got off to and returned from pre-school, and everything was calm. I went to pick Jon up from school, and when I got back home, Trent was on the phone with his office. That is right. It was April 29, and the Deep Water Horizon rig had sunk, the pipe broken, and the spill discovered to be far worse than they originally thought. Trent's work hasn't been the same since then. Whenever I want an idea of how long the oil spill has been going on, I think how far back Arlington Echo was. Sheesh.
The challengeswill end each Wednesday evening at 12 Midnight EST.
My precious angels!
Gelato Ice @ hardlight 36%
It's time to let go of warm fantasies.
A hand spanking, after a paddling, is like a gentle tap. But I love Master's hands...wherever they choose to spank or roam. It took very little time for Master to inform me I was swollen and wet...(wonder how that happened??) I was soom squirming and panting...Master says he knows
For this second one I used half of the "xx xy" stencil and the wings. I airbrushed them onto some paper and then cut out. I also made some fauz washi-tape using the walk through I posted a few months back using the ABS and my panpastels.
I have been reading the books for about 13 years.
Electrical and electronic batteries are the fundamental goods to provide industrial units with adequate and uninterrupted power supply. Inverters and generators are useful goods that are used at industrial units to handle the situations like power shortage. Electronic motors are the electrical machines that are used to convert electrical energy to mechanical energy and have importance in variety of industrial operations.
In the years after that 1965 convergence, Jean-Luc Godard's playfulness sadly metamorphosed into cranky pseudo-polemical misanthropy, and Herb Gardner's plays and film adaptations met with varying degrees of success but never quite matched what he unleashed in that first youthful barbaric yawp. Roger Heuck, meanwhile, did a damned fine job adapting to his adulthood: while the marriage to my mother didn't work out, and after years of nobly keeping a sizable workforce employed and well-paid he saw the writing on the Wal-Mart and sold the company, but he also found the woman he wanted to spend all his days with, and found another venue to express his love of all that was beautiful and true in the world. Like Martin Balsam expressed in the monologue that won him an Best Supporting Actor Oscar, he got up, he went, he lied a little, he peddled a little, he watched the rules, he talked the talk...he was the best possible Roger Heuck.
Upon a Bleak and Dreary Day
At this point our African housemate came into the kitchen, had his eyes drawn instantly to the colorful neon plastic thing on the counter, and took a few more notches out of my pride, "What's with the kid's toy?"
HARRISON J. Stumbling into occupational health: the influenza conundrum. Br Med J 2000; 320: 53.
As much as the elite would like to claim that we are Indians first before we are Dalits or Kshatriyas, some facts stand out starkly. The first Dalit Bharat Ratna was bestowed on Babasaheb Ambedkar as late as 1990, only under V.P.Singh’s Rashtriya Morcha government which rode to power on twin prongs of anti-Congressism and caste-identity politics. What is clear is that if the backward castes have to wait for the recognition of their heroes as heroes of India, they would be waiting a long time. Since 1990, no other backward caste icon has been deemed a ‘ratna’ enough for Bharat. Such a myth of unity backed by a scheme of inclusiveness which is more like an inverted pyramid is clearly unstable. Sooner or later, someone had to walk out and make their own pyramid – Mayawati in her political astuteness is doing just that.
-- Bruce Cochburn, from the song, "Lovers in a Dangerous Time"
8/10/11 (Brainworlds) Unfinished
Dontari Poe sealed his #11 selection by the Kansas City Chiefs with a kiss. The bulldozing defensive tackle planted one right on the commisioner’s lips. The Chiefs defensive line needed some juice, and the kiss-happy former Memphis Tiger is the perfect fit.
The First Amendment, Hypocrisy, and Bias: Juan Williams as Case Study (Oct. 23): This fairly early post involved a great deal of research and several rewrites to get my words to match my thoughts. It arose from my steadfast defense of free speech and my frustration with people who fail to understand the subtleties of that concept.
Like many role-playing gaming bloggers, I am both a Dungeon Master -- the person who guides players through the game-world and arbitrates the game rules -- and a world-builder, i.e., someone who spends way more time than he reasonably should thinking up new ideas for the imaginary realm of the Lands of Ara. We old-school RPG'ing bloggers like to spend a lot of time sharing the specifics of our individual game-worlds (often called "campaign settings" or "sandboxes") and proffering advice about how to create them. If you are interested in how this process occurs, I would direct you toward two key resources that accurately explain the game-world-creation process for old-school D&D:
Here is Sassy playing "kitty" on the new deck that my studly hubby built.
Christine looks me in the eyes and beams brightly. "It was the only one left in the grass - maybe the last one before autumn - before the frost sets in?"
When composing a persuasive essay, beginning students often spend most of their time emotionally arguing their own position, accumulating research in support of their position, and negating opposition to their argument. However, these methods of argument are often counterproductive. By taking the time to consider who you are trying to persuade – and exactly what you need to convince them of – you will improve your chances of composing a successful argument.
More than anything, be nice to more people and less mean to the ‘dorks’ the ‘geeks’…it will bother you in a big way as an adult.
That is a nice one, neatly conflating the issues of safety and home education. No one has yet arrived at my house during the summer holidays just to check up on the safety of my children, who are, after all, spending months at home with me. Who knows what my wife and I might get up to, or what the younger or older sister might do? Who knows what visiting relatives might do? What we need are visitors from the local authority, just to make sure. I do not want people such as the director of children’s services in my local authority to lose a moment’s sleep because they feel that they are not pursuing every possibility of intervention to cover their own backsides and telling me how I should run things in my own home. That is precisely what the local authority suggests should be done in the case of home-educating parents, who deserve its intervention no more than the rest of us.
Another fab thing about Teen Titles is the annual party, held during the Edinburgh Book Festival, when as many authors as possible will be available. A couple of huge rooms heave with milling authors and teenage readers hunting autographs and pouncing with amazing questions. And the food is the best, most plentiful and most appreciated party food of all the festival parties.
“Come on! Now!” Karan was horrified. He wished hard that it wasn’t what he thought. Don’t let her be dead. Please, not her! It was the second time in two days that Karan was praying for someone’s life.
So, apparently, does the group's manager, McGuinness, who sets himself up as the man with the plan to "save" the music industry in this article. What the industry needs to be saved from, as I'm sure you can guess, is the free circulation of music that has been growing by leaps and bounds for the past decade due to the expanding reach of the internet. This is hardly news, but McGuiness tries to insist that the time is approaching when people are more willing to see that the free circulation of music has a down side that might outweigh the benefits.
Now just hang on a minute, pal! What have I been doing since August if not reading the finest Portuguese books?
Arrived at the Caney Creek Corps park just south of Kingston, OK Monday for 4 days of just chillin with our friends Loyd and Judy Vaughn. They are the gate attendants at this park and this is their first such assignment. I think they really like the job. They tried gate guarding for awhile but this is more their style.
Measure the dry ingredients into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Turn the mixer to the lowest speed and let run for a minute or so to combine the ingredients. With the mixer still on low, drop in the butter and mix on low speed until the mixture is pebbly. You’ll have pea size pieces, pieces the size of oatmeal flakes and everything in between.
And we lucked out. I took her to my favorite (really the only one I know) vintage shop and we made out like bandits. She bought me beautiful jade green 1960s earrings for $20, antique silverware for $1 apiece, an antique can opener for dad for $1, and some earrings for herself for $5. I bought two scarves for $7 apiece and a Book of Psalms from 1856 for $35. (This will be used in Miken’s wedding for our nephew to carry down the aisle with the rings attached — pretty much meaning the coolest find ever!) And we wanted just about everything else in the store. Thanks Pippin!!
I neglect you when I'm working
Hubby: Yea, that’d be great!
It's all good practice for Vineman, though. Who knows what the temperatures will be in mid-July? (Dear self: Do not freak out -- it is still too early for a Vineman panic attack.)
I was by a pond, reeds surrounded it, I moved them aside, looking down in the pond, the water moved like a flowing river, slowing down and stopping, changing and become a complete reflection, I saw myself and heard the sound of Ravens I looked around me and saw only trees, looking back to the pond there was nothing there, just snow, snow and trees all around me, and the crying of Ravens. I looked around the birch trees and snow fell and melted on my naked flesh. And still the Ravens cried. Darkness was falling. I ran, naked and cold through the forest, falling face first into the snow as darkness fell, I huddled against a tree for warmth. Still the ravens cried. “Help!” I screamed. “Somebody please help!” I heard a blood curdling laughter from behind and jumped up to see the face of the Old Crone reaching out from the tree.
In short, it was like watching Discovery Channel.
Early bird registrations (US$250 / R 2,000) close on 18 April whilst regular registrations (US$300 / R 2,400) close on 16 May with limited numbers of student discounted rates available (US$150 / R 1,200)
Well, with The Avengers finally out and winning worldwide acclaim, it looks like superhero films have finally hit their stride and become worth talking about again – it’s been a long time coming with a lot of steep roads, but finally we have some viable superhero flicks to lead the genre and prove that it isn’t a big half-assed joke just made to cash in on the comic books. Indeed, we certainly have come a long way since movies like the 2003 Hulk film with Eric Bana, a movie so lame and so boring that it feels like you yourself are getting a radioactive zap straight to the brain. And yes, I did just use a joke that bad. I should be ashamed, but then again, I’m still better than the people who made THIS.
Edward James Day, 45, New York, N.Y.
Bravely, you lead by example and lift the fork to your lips. Fireworks of flavor explode in your mouth—the crunch of the radish, the coolness of mint, the heat of the peppers, the juiciness of the watermelon. It’s impossible to sum up this salad in a simple description. I’m waxing poetic, so let’s try a haiku:
One can only hope that Brietkopf was the one who fatally shot the knife-wielder, and thus received some karma for being a douchebag. But I have a feeling that both of the cops who shot someone dead are still unfortunately alive today, and that the cop who was shot dead probably did not deserve this.
Always remember that when you drive you have the lives of everyone in the car in your hands. It's so important to keep our family's safety as the utmost goal in our driving and have a safe summer!
Here’s the short solution to busting out of the comfort zone: set five new actions which will move things forward.
Business has been steadily growing, Simon tells us. On Friday and Saturday nights they have about 300 people come through even though the venue can only seat about 95. The increase has been organic, with most people finding out about the place through word-of-mouth. "But we still get locals who stumble upon us and can't believe they didn't know about us earlier."
It had amazing views from the car and I knew they would be better enjoyed at a slower pace.
If you're looking for a good read on what happens after a self-defense shooting, I've got a lot of books on the topic, but a good place to start is with Chris Bird's Thank God I Had a Gun: True Accounts of Self-Defense. 'Cause even if you make it past the cops, the prosecutors, and criminal considerations... you'll likely still have to deal with the attorneys and civil litigation. Bird has true stories about many scenarios faced before, during, and after folks used a gun for self-defense.
Hello! Guest blogger Darren here. While Amanda is sunning herself on a beach or by the pool, with a glass of something suitably alcoholic and a decent book (jealous, moi?), I thought I’d write about my involvement with Thomas Dolby’s ‘A Map of the Floating City’ online game, specifically the creation of some game art.
In any case, there are still many who argue that gold is, in Keynes' phrase, "a barbarous relic". But the fact that gold has been used as money for something like 5,000 years argues otherwise. Just as we've come to have a renewed appreciation for the biological bases of human behavior and how evolution has shaped us - some of us have, anyway - it behooves us to pay attention to what has been used as a store of wealth for so many years. Just as governments can't rearrange society in any way that it suits them, so they can't, with their silly little pieces of paper money, supplant something that the world has found useful since the beginning of history.
The point is, unpopularity begets itself. Once the awkward train has left the station, it runs on it’s own unstoppable momentum. I felt out of place, which made me nervous, which made me do stupid things, which made me more unpopular… you get it.
He’s collapsed beneath the bar
For the first 10 events of the season, the top money earners from the lower level are determined by a combination of 2009 and 2010 monies earned in order to create a true representation of the top riders in the world.
You are still obsessing over the sin, except now you are obsessing over not falling to it. Either way, you are still obsessing over it. Your house was broken into and instead of getting new locks on the doors and alarms and moving on with your life, you bought a shot gun and are standing in the doorway locked and loaded. You’ll be darned if anyone ever busts into your house again, and you don’t even realize the house is falling down around you! You’re too busy making sure that bad guy never gets anywhere near your front door again. Park yourself there long enough and he won’t need to use the front door!
Before the kids are home for the summer, I like to get their school scrapbooks all caught up for the year. This past school year my daughter served on student government. It was hard at times, but overall was a great and rewarding experience for my daughter. I created this page to jot down a few sentiments about how proud my husband and I were of my daughter for doing her best and being such a dependable young lady.
The Boys Tennis Team raised their overall record to 10-2 and 5-1 in the WSC with a 5-0 win over Elyria Catholic at home last night. The boys will finish the WSC Championship on Thursday at T-City Courts in Rocky River.
God's Blessings on you for a wonderful week!
Hi and Hap-Bee Thursday to ya!! Time sure "flies" when you're havin' fun *Ü* I can't bee-lieve how fast my 2 months as Guest Designer for Serendipity Stamps is going-- I only have 2 more weeks left!
If this is the stage you are at and the reasons why you are reading self-publishing articles and browsing on line resources, then it is time to seriously and carefully consider the following question and which area you as a writer fall into. This will determine what path you should take, and crucially, if self-publishing is really right for you at your present stage.
All you obey His word
The ideological assumptions of passive women and attractive women are etched away many instances in the film. In the opening and closing scenes of the film, couple Ringo and Yolanda are robbing a café at gunpoint.
So, you hear me Pendleton Ward and Tim Schafer...you hear me!! (probably not)
She swallowed, knowing what he was asking. “Sure.”
It was the old man who found the lost bee that had wandered far off and had not been seen for many a day.
That’s something I’ll bet Jacques Cartier understood on July 3, 1534, as he sailed around Miscou and into a large body of water. Significant in the geography of Canada’s collective imagination, that was the first time Europeans beheld what they thought was the passage to the Orient. It turned out to be a big bay, which Cartier named Baie des Chaleurs, “bay of torrid weather.”
So far, I have a few cards in five out of the six SPx sets listed above. The first set I started building was the '97 SPx Pro Motion basketball set. In my humble opinion, it's highlighted by one of the best looking Michael Jordan cards in the hobby (click here). Ironically, that's the only card I need to complete that five card set. Even without the Jordan, I'm pretty excited to be 80% done with the set. Unfortunately, I'm not as far with the other five sets. I have a few cards in each set and am slowly building each set. I would like to complete two out of the six sets this year as they are my highest collecting priority.
And despite my own tenacity, and with two of Norfolk’s most formidable activist-moms at my side, within 48 hours we were all ready to cry with frustration over fatal glitches built into the systems charged with helping homeless kids.
Yes, the wall color is very similar to the bathroom. I had no idea we were going to go the robin's-egg-blue-with-a-pinch-of-aqua-in-it route in here when I chose the bathroom color. Oh, well. They are slightly different. The bedroom is a touch lighter and ever so slightly more... aqua!
When I asked my soon-to-be 7 year old daughter what she wanted to do for her birthday this year she all but screamed, "SLUMBER PARTY!" Her other two requests for the night were pizza and brownies (She despises cake, or rather the frosting that accompanies birthday cake. Weirdo.)
08. We Swam From Albatross, The Day We Lost Kailey Cost
Saturday morning was rainy, so we nixed our run. Did I mention I slept until 9 am? Uninterrupted? Sweet. We met Diane for brunch at a place called Frankies. I guess brunch is huge for New Yorkers.
Any mass movement that is struggling to bring social, political, and economic real changes, like the current Occupy Wall Street, will have considerable difficulties in dealing with the Half-wayers. Despite that such movements care and defend the rights of these groups but at the same time you will find the Half-wayers are rejecting any medicines and even acting to worsen their conditions.
Ky and JW just looked at me, and I crawled back to the couch in a fit of giggling/near shame.
Now I know Breast Cancer awareness is usually in October but for me it is in December. I have chose to make this album and will wrap it up beautiful and donate to the Cancer center. I am hoping someone there will enjoy filling this album with their journey.
Slow-speed traction important through sector 3
It’s good for the immune system, and eventually, it’s all that will be left, so better get used to it. To be fair, the average American already eats garbage, so this is no stretch. Anyways, practice with actual garbage, not just Happy Meals.
That song
And then, the question is: what to do with them? I went for caramel popcorn with the former (pour over freshly popped corn, stir or shake, then enjoy… wash hands after eating and before knitting), then good old-fashioned eating with a spoon, then included a caramel layer in a batch of brownies in order to stop myself from eating the whole pot. The butterscotch would have gone brilliantly with ice-cream, but alas that was not to be and so I substituted some fromage blanc (though I’m unfamiliar with UK yoghurt products, I think that would be equivalent to Greek yoghurt, perhaps)… and then returned with my spoon for the rest.
Then there's the whole shipping ordeal - I have heard of people getting ripped off if they don't spend the extra for insurance/confirmation of delivery. So then I wonder if it's even worse the hassle of trying to sell stuff? Any selling advice for me? I do need to make some room - not really for new items, more so that I can just move in my room LOL!
Visitors to Dokmai Garden often ask when the best time is for flowers. That is a tricky question, as that depends on what you want to see. There are always some species in blossom, no matter when you come. Many tourists avoid this time of the year, the hot season (we have 39 °C right now, slight wind, clouds building up, hinting a possibility for rain), but as I have suggested earlier, this time could also be called the wildflower season.
turns
researching these issues should check out the 1992
I had to mention all these essential considerations of yours truly, in order to present a complete picture of my yesterday's huge accomplishment :). Because I believe that in every lady there is a Cinderella (I am referring here to her image as a hardworking girl), I decided to summon my own, in order to fix some things around the house and garden.
Danzarin (4/26/2012)
In a brief part 2 to yesterday’s post about women entrepreneurs there’s a NY Times article talking about Sheryl Sandberg (Facebook executive in case you’ve been living under a rock). Now I like Sandberg okay. She’s a very talented business woman and I enjoyed her TED talk on why she felt there were too few women leaders. It’s pretty good advice taken from one woman to another. Still some of the things she says I listen to and am thinking, “Yeah that’s probably a good idea, but it’s not going to work for me.” Then I shrug my shoulders and walk away. Even more when I keep hearing about her being a “successful woman in tech” I want to roll my eyes out of my head.
In the highest scores ever.
Sarah Lambert, head of policy at the National Autistic Society, says colleagues back Farmer’s decision. “We share some of Mind’s frustration. There are a lot of problems with the WCA; the system is not working. We would like the process to be slowed down while improvements are made.”
Okay, here we have three adults trying to get a decent picture of one tiny baby... Daddy's hand is by her face trying to get her to smile, Uncle's hand is holding the sign, and Mommy's standing on a chair trying to get a decent angle. Meanwhile, you can see all the crap in the background...
16 And the people went out, and spoiled the tents of the Syrians. So a measure of fine flour was sold for a shekel, and two measures of barley for a shekel, according to the word of the LORD.
Suppose there is a very small barter-based economy consisting of only three individuals, a butcher, a baker, and a candlestick maker. If the candlestick maker wants bread or steak, he makes candles and trades. The candlestick maker always wants food, but his demand can only be satisfied if he makes candles, without which he goes hungry. The mere fact that he desires bread and steak is meaningless.
I hope you found this helpful...we're all looking forward to seeing you try this card fold!
We worked hard together; the teachers worked hard too. He came out of this slump and made some gains in his learning, and in his understanding of himself.
Label: Anagram
Maybe that’s why a Milch of Source song fits perfectly with a video that explains why Gloomy Bear is covered in blood. You can also hear Ryoma’s spaz-core in the production for female Japanese singer Eel. Ryoma and Eel partnered up in 2002, creating a sound that added a punk element to Milch’s usual soup of styles.
"You're not shy," he tells me.
You know I’m really passionate & so into a conversation when I break into Spanglish.
Hor d'Ouevres
The changes I've seen in Casia from the start of last year to the start of this year are huge. To begin with, her attitude has improved immensely. She's more accepting of my dual role as parent and teacher. She transitions from one activity to another more smoothly. And most importantly, her enthusiasm for learning has increased.
I write in an annex room with white walls and a sloping ceiling, and dark blue blinds of a colour that makes me think of the Mediterranean. There’s a big tapestry of the Creation on one wall, so at one time I was going to call this ‘The Creation Room,’ (but of course that didn’t stick). On another there’s a sketch of yours truly done by Christopher Lee. I am portrayed in fantasy armour and accompanied by an assortment of goblins carrying all kinds of exotic weaponry, including a hand grenade - just what an author needs to get his thoughts going. There is also a small potted palm tree in case I need to recycle my carbon dioxide.
i was immediately on the phone with our vet in carrboro,
Forty years later, he still kicks a serious amount of ass on Thick As A Brick 2. This album is the sequel to Jethro Tull’s 1972 classic Thick As A Brick, which depicts the life of fictitious schoolboy Gerald Bostock (the lyrics were credited to him), whose parents supposedly lied about his age. So what might be Gerald, aged 50, up to now?
The strangest thing happened in my garden. I planted a bunch of watermelons. At least that's what the seed packet said. It was supposed to yield round fruit that weighed up to 25 pounds. So I planted all these identical looking seedlings and let them run rampant up tomato cages and across expanses of the garden. Imagine my surprise, now that these melons are ripening, to discover that I have a bumper crop of canteloupes and what I believe are mammoth honeydews but not one single watermelon! There must have been a big mix up in the seed packing plant.
More and more will join you in this effort and this service, either in personal company or in the realms of the heart and conscious mind. It is happening, you are witnessing this as it unfolds and you are bringing it about by your own loving actions.
Brand gender determination is as important as freezing on the brand values and brand personality. Knowing the gender and expressing the same through the most appropriate colour palette makes the brand more congruent with its personality. Colour symbolisms when used carefully could make your brand reach out to your target audience in the most genuine manner. Colours are not there for no rhyme or reason, they are pregnant with meaning, and we as brand custodians should reflect on the colours that exist in our category and more specifically on colours that are right for our brand’s gender mix (dominantly masculine, with a few feminine traits or vice versa).
2) The dough rolled out in less than a minute. I don’t know if using whole wheat dough makes the process smoother but I didn’t even need a rolling pin; I was able to spread it with knuckles & fingertips alone.
On a bright Sunday morning in 1980, my mare Peni Fadda was heavy with foal. I checked her before heading to church ( it was my sister's confirmation Sunday) and low and behold, Peni was waxed up! I couldn't wait to get home from the service thinking I would see a baby that I had waited so long for! After church I scrambled out to the barn, no foal... I brought Peni inside to a nice clean box stall my grandpa and I had fashioned just for this occasion. No sooner had I put her inside and Peni went immediately into labor. Soon a perfect chestnut filly was born! Coni had tons of visitors that day since everyone was eager to see the newborn foal, ( I think this is why she liked people so very much, all that socialization...) Coni was named in honor of her birthdate, Confirmation.... who knew??
This is a compensated review by BlogHer and OxiClean.
The cost of the first trial was over twenty million dollars. Plans are underway for a retrial. It sure seems like that money could be put to better use.
So on this special posting for today – take this as my hint, guys. If you’ve got a woman in your life who you’re interested in, take tonight or this weekend to do something nice. I’d be willing to bet that you’ll be happy with the outcome.
15 - 16 oz french bread (or your favorite bread), crust removed, and cut into 1" cubes
I write this just after receiving a 'hint' from a friend about my approach.
In how to speak ‘The King’s English”.
1) “To me if there’s an achievement to lighting and photography in a film it’s because nothing stands out, it all works as a piece. And you feel that these actors are in this situation and the audience is not thrown by a pretty picture or by bad lighting.”
You are Creation,
More importantly, reading your favourite authors acts as a motivational catalyst – it creates a desire to write; it motivates creativity and inspires us to be the best we can be.
Mbeki attended primary school in Idutywa and Butterworth and acquired a high school education at Lovedale, Alice. In 1959, he was expelled from school as a result of student strikes and forced to continue studies at home. In the same year, he sat for matriculation examinations at St. John's High School, Umtata.
A few of the cheese heads in my neighborhood decided that a Monday night cheese meeting was in order. Cheese is a good excuse to get together and compare and share our favorite cheeses.
The pat is commonly used for social hugging, and it can also indicate that a hugger is uncomfortable and wants to let go.
“I don’t think you can have a discussion on no-fault reform without thoroughly analyzing and discussing it,” Rep. Phil Cavanagh, a Democrat from Redford Township, said of the Michigan Catastrophic Claims Association. “People need to be told what’s going on behind closed doors.”
1097 ***D-I/31/1991. “Amendments XIII, XIV, and XV.” Centennial Lecture Series, Lenoir-Rhyne College, Hickory, North Carolina. (Incorporated in Item B-6, above, pp. 168-85, 437-39 (1995).)
‘Oh it’s great this time of year,’ Sam said, topping up glasses till the bottle ran dry. ‘Warm days and cooler nights, and the mosquitoes are less of a hazard.’ He was sitting on the low gray couch with Mary, Glenn and Ray. Melinda sat on the Eames chair to the side. All were listening.
I looked across the floor, full of women shoppers, and my eyes landed on O’Ryan, the only man, bearded and brusque, in navy wool sweater, flat-front khakis and suede boots. Even in the distance he towered over me.
Remember how I designed a font last year? Well, I receive emails almost daily from people who want to show me their website, tattoo, book, logo, etc that they have created using my font. It's always exciting (and rewarding) to see where something made from my handwriting ends up.
People should hear that RIGHT NOW Barack Obama is taking an axe and gutting the Navy SEALs, and the Nightstalkers who brought them in and out of that compound, and the Screaming Eagles he visited yesterday, and the entire rest of the military.
Dathi grew up in the small Northern town Dalvík, nearby Akureyri. He started to play the guitar @ a young age & soon after that he started to write music. He finds it hard to connect to music that says nothing & means nothing. Now he's working on an album trilogy.
Happy groundhogs day! Apparently, the pesky beast did not see his shadow this morning and so predicts an early spring. I sure hope he is correct. We have had way to much snow, sleet and ice in DC this year.
Dang it, I just sew a pencil that would look awesome with some rhinestones on it...
that beautiful melody
We toiled happily away on the kind of work that is hard to do when classes are in session and the calendar is a multicolored vortex of obligations. Goose had a 2-day team meeting for one of her electronic projects. Moose shifted into cruise-director mode to hammer out the details for the upcoming celebrations of her queer studies program's tenth anniversary. (I know: ten years of queering the turtle! Can you stand it? Click here for some of the scoop on what's in store. Details coming soon.)
I skipped field trips in favor of staying in a classroom of failing students and writing all day. “OOPS, I forgot my wittle permission slip. Guess I gotta stay here all day.” Besides, the kids with the bad grades are more interesting than any movie they packed us into a theater to see. 101 Dalmatians the live action movie was not a big loss. Sorry Glen Close. I absolutely loved those days!
If you've missed out on this groundbreaking band's music thus far, there's no better time than the present to check it out.
Miner was an oddity because unlike everyone else who could play guitar at USC (myself included), he kept it a secret. I had to get him to drink a lot before he’d jam with the door open. Eventually, we started a band that later became Fight From Above and the rest was history. This random Hawaiian kid in Downtown LA making music.
I love California....I truly do. Have you ever been somewhere and
First Letter
Tayler
The Cyborgs are economizing in other areas as well. In the past, they ordered elaborate Christmas cards with embossed printing, but this year they’ve settled on a smaller and simpler card with just a family photo on a standard template. “It’s just as well,” says Chloe. “Nils is a closet atheist and he only goes to church for the kids.”
What teen section is this woman shopping in?
DOEBBELING BN, EDMOND MD, DAVIS CS, WOODIN JR, ZEITLER RR. Influenza vaccination of health care workers: evaluation of factors that are important in acceptance. Prev Med 1997; 26: 68-77.
Embossing Powder
Oh I find being a Mom hard sometimes :O) I would not change it for anything!!!
Fun Fact: ticks are attracted to the carbon dioxide animals breathe out. They also get stuck to tape. So for a fun idea, put some dry ice on a piece of cardboard, put double-sided tape around the edges of the cardboard, wait a while, and you’ll have ticks stuck to the tape! Assuming you have ticks, at least…
Thinking specifically about “flash fiction”: I see this as a rather new genre. Why are you drawn to it? Do you think its form can accomplish things that other forms can’t?
But it is rarely cold enough in SC to wear these kinds of old-style heavy coats.
When I got off work, I'd go to the library and pluck whatever book off the shelf whose cover looked interesting --I like to judge a book by its cover and never liked to read what was inside first-- let it be a surprise. Also: I don't like reading standing up; it feels weird. Like I'm being disrespectful or something. I always lie on my stomach. My partner reads rocking in a chair. I'm on the couch; he in his Lazy Boy. He reads a lot of old detective pulps like Raymond Chandler and Cornell Woolrich, I read lots of brief memoirs and poetry magazines, the shorter the better. Maybe this is one of the reasons why we've stayed together for fourteen years.
Last month there were yet again publicity stunts at airports across Europe to attack Israel and bring attention to the plight of the Palestinian refugees. The stunts failed, but the refugees remain, languishing for more than 60 years in camps as pawns by the Arab countries. One might wonder why their keffiyeh-wearing supporters are not putting pressure on their neighbouring Arab countries to offer them citizenship and absorb them into their countries?
“People who are irresponsible, who are reckless, who don’t feel a sense of obligation to their communities and their companies and their workers.”
Not quite white and definitely not grey, this is more of a dusty white creme. Very nice, this may have to replace my favorite white OPI "Alpine Snow"...this color seems much cooler than Alpine Snow to me, nice!:)
It is all fun and games
And light will break through with a roar.
-the time my mother accidentally (she says) killed all my uncles fish…they were found scattered under his bed because she left the lid of the tank open & they leapt out (perhaps the bed looked more comfy than their tank and they misjudged the distance?) – by the way are you getting the impression animals are not safe with my family – that would be correct;
God is so good and He has my family exactly where He wants us to be. We have been attending this church for almost two years now and it has felt like home but we had yet to officially make it our home. Last week we joined the church so now we are officially home. I am so excited to see what the Lord has in store for us.
As a name, The Granby Inn seems to be more resonant of history than The Village. And there is little history left within the framework of the building itself. It's an alcopop pup, a place of flashing TV screens and fruit machines. It is open, however, and that is a bit of a triumph for pubs these days. But the black lacquer paint and the flashing lights are merely surface manifestations; deep within the fabric of the old building, the Marquess of Granby still probably stalks the corridors.
Wednesday, June 6
Mara generally does a lot of cross stitching while the rest of us have been busy working on rag rugs lately (though Megan will sometimes draw or do other things as well). Jonathan loves to cut strips and is good at it. The others are still learning but they do pretty good. They are good at connecting the strips together. Today I got Aaron started at weaving a hula hoop rug so he worked on that. Jonathan will also sometimes help me crochet the rugs.
When I began my prep school teaching career in the autumn of 1973, the Vietnam War was not quite history: What President Nixon and Secretary of State Kissinger hailed as “peace with honor” had taken hold, most American troops had left Vietnam, and, thanks to Nixon’s policy of “Vietnamization,” only the Vietnamese were dying; but the war was not yet over. So, I didn’t worry about teaching the war as history, nor could I if I had wanted to. After five years in graduate school, I was convinced that only with the perspective provided by the passage of time could a “good historian” hope to approach such a controversial issue with “objectivity.” Moreover, I wasn’t particularly interested in modern American history, since most of my time in grad school had been spent immersed in the politics of late 18th- and early 19th- century Georgia.
Just like any goulash with strict country origins, it's quickly prepared, with a long simmer, and the flavour improves on the second day. Last year I fiddled with getting a traditional Czech recipe right and came up with this one. It was complete with homemade bread dumplings, which I must say that while polenta is a nice twist, nothing pairs with goulash like dumplings.
Ad Age recently sought me out for comment on the Mass Effect 3 ending controversy to provides some quotes for an article. That article was posted today, and will also be appearing in print form in the most recent issue of Ad Age.
As we stepped into the backyard I laughed and said to Carl, hey look, there's a man cave back here! So our impromptu guide told us the shed/guest/bunkhouse was used by Bill Hewlett to sleep in 1938 as Dave Packard had married Lucile Packard so they lived in the main house and he slept out back. When Bill married Flora Lamson in 1939 he moved out and the bunkhouse was converted into the company office shared by Flora and Lucile.
you, God. Where do you get
For all of the brave talk about the inevitable march to an atheist, rationalist future the numbers again fail to bear all of that out.
Aaaaallllsssooo, I’ll be making some changes to my life. I really wish this yayog program were over already. Sorry, but no. Also I’ve modified IAMOG to be more in Body Rock format again. But aaallsooo, I am going to start training for boot camp. I want to be able to meet the same standards as the guys. The Air Force BMT Physical Fitness Test says that the highest standard is the Warhawk, Run (1.5 mile) at 8:08 min, 75 Push-ups, 80 Sit-ups and 20 Pull-ups. So I’ll be training to reach that level BEFORE I go. Maybe I’ll do the Hundred Push Ups program, the 200 Sit Ups program and the 20 Pull Ups Program.
The numbers also confirm that technology is playing a growing role in uncovering that double-dealing. In 2010, 81% of the members in the American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers said they had seen an increase over the past five years in the use of evidence from social-networking sites. This year, 92% said that over the past three years, they have seen an increase in the number of cases using evidence taken from smartphones.
- Today I had my first ever super exciting echocardiogram. (Pro tip: it was cold.) I meant to ask for the pictures to be emailed to me (because who doesn't want to look at their own heart? I sure as shit do) but I forgot. Pretty sure I forgot because I had to fast before this appointment. I may have a history of anorexia and all, but I do not do well with fasting.
Web site: www.thomson-networks.com
The winner of the DT's Choice is :
from his feast of fowl:
What a fun Saturday here again at Send a Smile 4 Kids! We get to announce our winners of the Punches and Diecuts for Kids Challenge, but first we have some fun news to share. We have added one more talented lady to TEAM S.A.S! Today we are welcoming Danni Bindel to our design team. Danni has sent us some beautiful cards for our kids and promoted our cause on her outstanding blog. Danni has her own challenge blog called Flutter by Wednesday and they are going to team up with SAS4Kids to do a card drive for our kids early next year. Here is what Danni shared about herself:
Yes, I have been a little indecisive, but there are still some good things going on in this room. First let's take a look at where it started.
Do you have plans for celebrating the year of the Water Dragon? Share with us what’s you’ll be doing!
Well, for a change this blog has been quiet for a *good* reason: Kane's back, and just like last time, he's kicking ass in longhand!
And then I was reminded of God's Word in Psalm 121:
I have some photos for your viewing enjoyment:
I am SO happy to be able to do an AMAZING giveaway for the holidays this year! I am partnering up with my good friend Sherry from Real Deal Books, who specializes in Antiques & Collectibles Price Guides - check her out on eBay and on Amazon. She sent me a bunch of really fun books to give away - enough that I am going to be able to have FOUR winners, and each winner will be getting a total of FIVE books! Can you tell that I am excited? ;)
Tough question to answer.
And then. . . beyond that. . . I don't know. There is a restlessness, a vague depression that is lingering. I can't quite identify it, but I know that loneliness plays a role.
Date: April 9, 2012
I have had a little trying-on session and wonder if this is too much for a real ale pub in the back streets of Sheffield?
He enjoys laying his head on any pillow, foot or soft blanket around, and loves to recline on the patio furniture. A snuggle with a stuffed toy is one of this boy's favorite things. He's a total snuggle boy, very well behaved, and other than the 20 slice bread sandwich he made one night, he hasn't touched anything that doesn't belong to him.
We'll secure them up together,
The following is what I originally received from Karen: The subject is Annie Goodwin née Orchard, twin sister of my great-grandmother Fanny Orchard. They were born on 27 February 1863 at Holy Trinity, Burton-upon-Trent, Staffordshire. She seems fairly young in the portrait so it may have been her eighteenth birthday or done so her twin could bring the picture with her to Australia. My great-grandmother Fanny married Arthur John Kidd of Kings Bromley and immigrated to Queensland Australia in 1882. They lived in Emerald until her death in 1946. The photo came into my family's possession through my grandmother Edith Annie Francis (née Kidd). This vignetted studio portrait shows a young woman, probably in her late teens, with her very long hair worn loose and down at the back, a fashion which was popular for unmarried girls up to the age of about 18, but not usually acceptable for married or older women. Geoff Caulton - on his British Photo Detective web site - refers to this style in Edwardian times being called a woman's "Crowning glory." The clothing appears to be roughly equivalent to the fashions from the early 1880s.
So, I am in serious trouble. With my parents. In case you guys assume that this is a new thing, it happens to not be, as I do a lot of stuff that might give your parents heart attacks or at least minor fits of late onset epilepsy. What can I say? I want to live every second like it’s my last and have no regrets at all.
Yow MD. Congenital cytomegalovirus disease: a NOW problem. J Infect Dis 1989; 159: 163-167.
The small wooden bowl I picked up at a garage sale this summer for 50 cents. I added the leaves, pumpkins and berries. The cloche was also from a yard sale. It may have been 50 cents too.
When even the common thornbush
So what if I like the color purple? I’m a bit strange your point is?
Do it...or die young.
Patient. Insolent.
2010.08.16 Pakistan Karachi 4 0 Sunnis shoot four Shia to death in separate attacks.
07 Boys Don't Cry
(2) Everything sticks to buttercream. Once, we were serving buttercream cupcakes and somehow black sweater hair made its way onto the precious vanilla buttercream cupcakes we were serving. That was an interesting lesson in troubleshooting. Thankfully, we had lots of other treats to serve.
From me.
One personal note. I have to brag. In a letter to Cave, Jacobi mentions my grandfather twice. "Paul S. Powers, an English professor who wrote one story for WEIRD TALES, "Monster of the Pit," that made a great impression on me." I don't know where he got the English professor part, as my grandfather didn't even graduate from high school, but I was thrilled over seeing that. He mentions him and the same story later again.
I suppose that this was the height of childhood. Running like a pack of wolves through the cool evening air, heavily breathing in the summer night, flying through the darkness, not wanting to be the last one back to camp. As I ran through the trees and the tall grass I heard something. A faint scream. I slowed and turned my head and I heard it again. Even as a young boy I knew the sound or terror. It was a fearful scream and then sobbing. I stopped and started to walk back toward the jamboree area. My mind wrestled with the thought that I was going to be the last one back to camp, but I had to find something out. I was half curious, half afraid.
The best part of The Aubrey though was their afternoon tea service. Well it's no joke I'm a sucker for tea and cookies, so each day I worked my plan around this respite -- using the time to journal alongside a different sweet and tea leaf. The best tea hour was when there was just a caramel and coconut shortbread tart sitting there near the golden tea cups (ooh la la!!) looking so unassuming. Naturally I had to try a bite and bam 2 slices later, I declared it my early dinner and I was jammin from the sugar high.
12. Opposite Octave Reaction
Below are a photo of the vase showing the mommy duck, and the Copics I used to color my images. The browns are of course for Popcorn and the rest are for the flowers and the ducks.
No trip to Monroe is complete without a stop at the Goodwill Thrift Store!( I won't say WHO I ran into there,,,,,but lets just say they are BOTH cute as the Dickens and run a Fantastic Day spa in Snohomish!)
One thing I have been seriously procrastinating about over the past month (and beyond) is getting out for a run. Initially, it was fear of further injury that prevented me. Then, when my knee was completely healed and I couldn’t even blame weather or bad timing, I had to force myself to assess why I still procrastinated about getting out for a run. Partially, I felt over-whelmed by the 10k training programme that Nike+ had set for me. It required me to run for 50mins at lunchtime, on Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays. I was put off. However, that doesn’t explain why I couldn’t have got out for 30mins on some of those days instead?
122Still drink delicious poison from thy eye,
It’s a big restaurant, it has two floors of seating (I borrowed the above picture from the internet). The first floor windows completely open for a terrace like feel, great for summer nights. Most of the customers that night were Japanese tourists, I’m not sure if it was an anomaly or it’s famous in Japan. But I find Japanese tourist to be so polite, quiet, and cute. They want to try all the different foods but they are also timid because their palette is much different. For example, they can’t handle spicy foods and seeing their faces when they drink a shot of soju is priceless!
On this day, I was having a dreary moment. I saw the manila folder and didn't even wait to get into the house. I sat in the driver's seat with my little Jonah in the back shouting "Tea! Tea!". I ripped it open right there, and a Bath and Body Works gift card emerged.
10-12 shrimp, peeled and deveined
On May 1st various groups have organized a feast, round dance and time for people to hear the Yinka Dene speak and share the stories of their journey. For more information please check out the facebook event here.
Modern day Jeddah boasts the world’s largest outdoor open air art gallery, with hundreds of sculptures and other works of art sprouting up mostly all along the Corniche and in the center of many of the city’s roundabouts located at major intersections. For your viewing pleasure, I have posted an online photo album featuring many of these beautiful, interesting, sometimes whimsical, sometimes weird sculptures at the following link:
Well, here's your chance.
I’m also experimenting with the manual settings on my camera more, and have been trying to vary the sharpness, saturation, contrast and noise reduction settings in the camera rather than just relying on post-processing for this. There’s just so much to learn!
So, last week, 7 of my co-workers and I volunteered at a homeless shelter. Why, you ask, would a 8 1/2 month preggo volunteer to organize a volunteer event where we would be feeding the homeless? Good question!! Not sure what I was thinking but it was so fun and rewarding! AND exhausting!!! My body ached for days. Luckily my friends asked the coordinator to make sure I had a seated job while there, but that didn't stop me from sweeping floors, mopping floors, chopping vegetables, manning the food processor.. I just don't know how to stop!! Like I said, it was super fun and we are hoping to organize more of these types of events for our departments to do as a group. My company gives everyone 8 hours of philanthropic time a year so there is no reason to not do it! I'll leave you with some pics of the event!
June 03, 2012 / Berlin, Germany / Magnet Club
(The Chancellor of the Exchequer) George Osborne knows exactly what to do with the economy.
I'm not a whiner or complainer, but please indulge me this once. I have twenty-five minutes to walk 1.5 miles to punch into the computer at work. Then 25 minutes to walk the 1.5 miles from work to the bus stop or I have to wait another 30 minutes for the next bus. I almost didn't make it to the bus home tonight. I'm short, 5 feet tall, so I have to step twice as much as taller people twice as fast.
11/1/11--- I just love November! So for Day 1 of giving thanks, I am thankful for this month---a reminder of all that I have to be thankful for! Thank you God for this season of Thanksgiving! ♥
He's there when she gets home. "Hey!" he looks up from his computer as she walks into the living room.
I look up…. Jamie is single? Is this my Christmas present?
Punches by SU!
I very clearly stated I wanted to see a resume, a cover letter, and a salary range. (Yeah, I hate it when I see this in ads but I understand why they do it). I get resumes with no cover letter. I get a resume and cover letter but no salary range. I even got a response without any of the above, which leads me to...
“I just got in the zone,” Dalhausser said. “You know, some athletes say you just get in a zone and you don’t think. You just do it and you do all the right things. It’s pretty amazing.”
If you’ve been following me on FB, Instagram or Twitter, you might have guessed what I did with the strawberry coulis I made the other day. Been trying to find the perfect recipe combination for it. No..I am no rocket scientist to figure this one out but simply being me who like to ‘explore’ on which ingredients worked well. Most of the time FAILED! hehehe
I am thankful... for Thanksgiving and the focus spent on our blessings this month. I hope I can continue counting my blessings all year long.
Last an abstract beginning in acrylic and mixed media on Bristol Plate paper. 22"X 28".
I found my new favorite breakfast recipe! Yields two large glasses.
Again, these cards measure 5 x 7 inches.
Another interesting perk to working at NORTH is that the employees are welcome to bring their dogs into the office whenever they want. Richardson states, “If I know I’m going to have a particularly stressful day, I bring my dog into work…if I feel overwhelmed I look down at him looking up at me and I feel ok.” This is so cool! Being a dog lover, I thoroughly appreciate the fact that they can bring their dogs to work!
It’s not all bad. To others it will sound shocking, terrifying, unfathomable but If I can survive and come through my muck ~ so too can any person who makes the choice to.
Heavy lifting, I think. But something along these lines could be feasible if all the senior District officials now nominally on the ICH actively participated — and committed staff support.
I (unintelligible heavy breathing) to you.
Are now just part of one dream made.
I can hear you YAWN..... yes, yet another one of Tish Boyle's pound cake. Pound cakes are hopelessly boring to bake (translated to mean EASY!) achingly uninspiring to photograph... but always satisfying to eat.... After trying out her Luxe Pound Cake and Plainly Perfect Pound Cake, Tish Boyle beckons once more with her claim that this is a 'sure fire bake sale hit' . Are you going to ignore that claim?? Not me!
(For all my North American friends, you can now buy the X-press It Blending Card in the USA through Imagination International (Copic USA) and should be able to order it, Mask It and X-press It High Tack Tape through anywhere that stocks Copic!!! For more info - check out Marianne's Blog for Blending Card, Mask It and High Tack Tape!! For all my Aussie friends - you can buy these products through your local Copic Stockist!!)
love strikes away the chains of fear
leave your link with Inlinkz below and we can all ooh and ahh over your cards and projects :)
Free Antivirus Software
Anyway, the other bus rides were ok. Much better than the crowded commuter trains in the morning. This morning they were delayed again. I wonder if they’ll run at all when winter comes for real with snow and ice. Last winter there were a lot of problems with the trains. But last winter I didn’t have to go anywhere. And I had the car to drive.
The bus station and the great pale buses stopping for
that the UFO problem engaged the attention of some very, very high level people
#101 Lena
The way that FAR is used in MENA is a relic of the discredited modernist theory of ‘towers in the park’ – which undermined the concept of planning for streets. But the MENA region got towers but not parks, it got streets, but not ones that were usable or walkable. The voids that FAR was supposed to create were designed to increase sunlight and skylight, but in the intense heat they are the very things that should be minimized. FAR is supposed to match development volumes to transport and other infrastructure, but in MENA FAR has been increased ‘to the sky’ with limited public transport system. FAR, as used in MENA, is a dysfunctional, discredited and inappropriate tool producing perverse outcomes, it is a recipe for congestion and visual chaos.
341 2. “The Ambiguity of Justice in Plato’s Republic.” Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, March 1, 2001. (Source: Item D-II/22/1987, below.)
Now back to the mommy guilt. It’s crazy how all I have done is apply for a few jobs and I already feel like a horrible mother. I know that me finding a job is something that needs to happen so that we can be a financially sound family and that it won’t change how much the kids love me, but it’s still so hard to think about after all of these months at home. Will I love getting back into a regimented routine? Yes! Will I love being able to serve my community? Yes! Will I feel like I’m going to cry in the morning when I drop munchkin off at daycare? Yes!
3. Tawheed al-Ibaadah…
Your friendliness knows no prejudice. You don’t see people as white, black, fat, thin, beautiful, ugly, gay, straight, poorly dressed, fashionably dressed, rich or poor. You see people as we should all see people. You have no blinders on that change your perception of someone based on a glance. People in your world are all living beings that you can interact with and pass a smile on to.
For those of you who miss the Club NME nights as much as we do, you’ll be glad to know the spirit of Club NME is being bought back to life! The nights will be held on a monthly basis, with the first being on Friday 11th June at the Fat Cat Cafe Bar in Hanley from 8pm.
Pay more attention to their faith and become better people.
...About 1.5 million, or 53.6 percent, of bachelor's degree-holders under the age of 25 last year were jobless or underemployed, the highest share in at least 11 years. In 2000, the share was at a low of 41 percent, before the dot-com bust erased job gains for college graduates in the telecommunications and IT fields.
You can really see the whole rainbow across your nail, no matter what light you're in. This is one coat of Techno over Sweet Hook.
I don't work for X-box Kinnect but if you have one (I think this game is also on Wii) I would so recommend it.
The Ultraman Land theme park attracts customers from around the world and Ultraman restaurants have opened both in Japan and in Hong Kong. Ultraman is a licensing bonanza with hundreds of character goods available from toys and action figures for the kids all the way to grown-up items like automobile accessories and gold club covers.
iii Go Forth, Son of Mother Earth
KIM: Sheesh…
STATE-OF-THE-ART METERING
A few lines in the paper with a photo, showing not the building, but the destruction of the wood by the powder post beetles.
"At least try to grow your own brain" by Current Events
The three opening operations may be summed up thus:
Another picture of people in the streets. The atmosphere was completely electric and there were a ton of drunk people downtown.
The box said ages 8&up but we all know how advanced my kids are so I usually ignore those guidelines.
Can you open to page 25 and tell us what’s happening?
In conditions of mixed light our camera may have many problems in balancing the white, in this case it comes in help the 18% neutral gray thin cardboard that is used to calculate the exposure. Some photographers to balance the white use a gray card that is 5% neutral, that is a compromise between the total white and the darker grays... READ MORE
375 ml Bier - a bottle American beer. lol
Today I was buying some drawing implements in a school stationary shop, and I saw they had some wonderful Casan marta brushes from Germany. And they had some that looked very very little. So I asked the seller, and I was proven right. They had, strangely enough, a few of the smallest in the range. I say its strange because I don´t actually live in the city, so it was nice to get this brushes without traveling more than an hour in the bus. And I was considering making the trip this next month. Perfect timing.
in a desert land
I still have lessons to complete, since I got behind in practicing. But the super news is, once you sign up for the class you have Unlimited Access Forever! So, now I will be able to practice, review, practice review for as long as I want.
To add to the confusion, L tells me he's seen the insurance company owner mentioned in the radio statement and that he's still free and walking around. No one knows what to believe or who to trust. Maurice himself is the one certainty. He could explain what's happening, given the chance. L also tells me that people in St Paul's are ready to take up arms to defend Maurice.
As a result of the failure of the chance hypothesis to explain the origin of life, Dean Kenyon and Gary Steinman proposed a novel solution: life’s origin is due to physical necessity, not chance (Biochemical Predestination, 1969). Like many others in their day, Kenyon and Steinman were proponents of the protein-first model, maintaining that the first life was based on proteins rather than DNA (DNA came later). They got around the utterly implausible odds of forming proteins by chance by just denying that chance was involved at all. They suggested that law-like processes direct the self-organization of chemicals, making the origin of life inevitable, not some lucky happenstance. Just like electrostatic forces draw sodium and chloride together in ordered patterns to form crystals, some (yet-to-be-discovered) natural law organized biochemicals to form the biological information that makes life possible.
The Forgetting Curve is narrated by three teens, just as Memento, but two of them are new. Winter is back. Aiden, Winter's cousin, is also a narrator. And Velvet, another friend, is the third.
Maj Alastair Howman, who served with Colonel Mitchell in Aden, said the Argylls had nothing to apologise for on the 40th anniversary of their withdrawal. The end of British rule left a power vacuum which resulted in the deaths of thousands of people in the decades of civil war that resulted.
1 celery stalk
You can expect most of my posts during these last weeks (or perhaps, days!) of my pregnancy to be a big hodge-podge of blabbering since my head is just spinning with thoughts and emotions...
but if I don't, by God's power, stop judging,
2 tbsp. butter
Iceland Music Export has extended its special 'early bird' offer to the 15th September for just £80 per person, which includes two lunches and access to two VIP receptions.. To register for the early bird package, please follow the instructions on the following link:
Miss Weber, you have killed your child, which you admit is a baby/human being, intentionally. That does make you an admitted murderer. I'm not going to "condemn you to hell", I'm going to pray for your forgiveness and for the suffering which you will endure when you realize what you have done. Every baby you see from that moment on is going to wake you up to the realization that you killed your child.
A lot has been made of the fabled "new south sound," both on these pages and elsewhere. I'm generally speaking of the often telltale stripe of left-of-the-dial, Rickenbacker-wielding pop provocateurs from such 1980s locales such as Athens, Georgia or North Carolina, who armed with a small bevy of songs and a modicum of aspiration would gravitate to the counsel and coveted production capabilities of one Mitch Easter. During the mid-80s there would seem to be a ton of bands befitting said stereotypes, most of whom aside from the big fish (i.e. REM, dB's, Matthew Sweet) faded into long distant memories...and are now the province of music bloggers and archivists such as myself.
Abdulmutallab, 23, was charged with trying to blow up a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit on Christmas Day with a bomb hidden in his underwear, drawing further criticism from some lawmakers who said he should face a special military court instead of being tried in civilian court.
While the tactics of the Zapatista have been called into question by authorities as disruptive and violent, the response is that they're simply doing whatever they must to gain the right to be heard. As with Marx's assertion that revolution, violent if necessary, will be required to bring about change because those in power will be unwilling to give it up without a fight. We in this country have taken to sitting back as armchair politicans, while our elected officials undermine our economy, our security and our very freedoms, while all we do is complain. The Zapatista have chosen to stop complaining about why their situation is the way it is and change it. And because the government was so used to dismissing its citizens, especially its indigenous citizens, it patronizingly dismissed the indigenous people of Mexico to its detriment.
‘dad?’
This week we want to… finish up some preparations for sending a care package to my buddy Jon, who is serving our country in the Army, deployed to Afghanistan.
Gen. Mike Hostage, commander of Air Combat Command, talked with media here April 30 about the national security imperative for the F-22, the status of efforts to identify a root cause for unexplained physiological incidents, and risk mitigation efforts since the Raptor’s return to flying operations in September 2011.
* "Unfair dinkum in film copyright case", here. Cat the Kat goes Down Under in order to bring a warning that it can be dangerous to threaten to sue folk in Australia for copyright infringement if you don't have a solid ground on which to make that threat.
Native American shaman Nippawanock of the Arapahoe says:
Thus this year the Christmas decorations in my home are much more austere than I am used to. Still, the ornate details here and there create an atmosphere of familiarity and celebrate this delightful season in the spirit of love, family and companionship - the very essence of Christmas.
And knowing that the future would be vexed
"Since Mahathir cannot take Umno back to the Peninsula, the people of Sabah should send Umno back to the Peninsula," said Jeffrey when officiating at the opening of PKR Kota Kinabalu division AGM at its office here. Also present were PKR Sabah chairman Ahmad Thamrin and deputy president-cum-Kota Kinabalu division chief Christina Liew.
11. My friend bet me ten bucks you wouldn’t kiss me, so lets say I give you half and you do.
The scene vanished, leaving Seth gasping and suddenly wide awake on the grimy floor of a bathroom. He sat up and fumbled for the flashlight, but before he could reach it, a terrible sound filled the air. It was the howling wail that he had, up until now, only heard echoes of. This time, however, it sounded as though it was only a few feet away. Seth winced at the volume and backed further into the stall. All thoughts of the dream fled his mind as he shouldered the shotgun and turned off the safety. The wail came again, this time coupled by the sound of heavy footsteps outside the bathroom door.
Walking then this hill-top, this same ground.
Yes, it is for many Scots, unemployment is rising, businesses are closing down and it is getting harder to survive in SNP 'skintland'.
I was waiting for a bus in a seedy area of town where it is not uncommon to see people having altercations on the street. Near the bus stop there was a black woman and a white woman arguing about something. At first the black woman and the white woman seemed to be equally involved in the argument. But after a short while, the fight became worse, and it was the white woman who was escalating it at every turn, getting all up in the black woman’s face, becoming louder, more aggressive. She started pushing the black woman. The black woman held her ground, but she was NOT fighting back. She was trying to diffuse the situation as much as possible, without giving in.
Left's arsenal.
I’d like to be ten again so I could be inspired by all this great telly at the right age. Doctor Who was doing all this in the 1980s but today it’s just better. Telly is produced better these days. There are less restrictions. Doctor Who is so richly written and made with such assurance and shining team work. It speaks of the reality of life in a way that is always realistic, inclusive and optimistic and mostly outstandingly moral. What’s not to like? Darn, the series will be over soon!
No longer in need of God’s Mercy to survive, we can now live in confident hope in the overflow of God’s Blessing. We have something to look forward to again with great expectation. Faith in God as your source of hope allows you to call out for His Mercy and expect His Extravagant Indulgence. A lack of faith produces weak expectation that cannot call to the Lord confidently because you really aren’t sure He could save you from sin. If Jesus has Power of Death and the Grace, which He does AND you believe it with your heart, soul and mind, then you have freedom to EXPECT God’s Mercy to fill your life. You don’t need to get by anymore because as a Child of God – you expect your FATHER to do His Best for you! God’s Mercy allows fulfillment of hope in the lives of His Beloved. Proverbs 13:12 says, “Hope deferred makes the heart sick!” Surely it must hurt God’s Heart too when a lack of faith restricts the abundance of His Love His Mercy hopes to lavish on you!
RELEASE DATE: July 27, 2012
DCWV Gold Card Stock Black Stampin' Up Card Stock
And soon they'll start having bundles of corn!
i like to consider happiness to be choice. and most of the time, i think it is. but not during these cloudy times. it’s not a choice. you just have to power through it and hope that tomorrow you wake up and it’s not as bad as it was the day before.
1 hiding
It's hard to express in words, especially from so far away, just how touched
- Sentimental afterlifes in which dead teens can spy on their friends, seek revenge on their killers, comfort their parents, snog good looking boys and generally carry on as though they are still alive. Of course there are exceptions (Tamsyn Murray's brilliant Afterlife series gets away with lots of post-death snogging because it blends laughs with real sensitivity). I mean a gluey Lovely Bones type of afterlife.
stay in school.
Nurse: (In English) Nothing.
Both the boys have an issue with Dora the Explorer or her cousin Diego. The minions have basically decided that the cousins are either blind, hearing impaired or just plain stupid. The boys are pretty convinced that when a cartoon character asks them a question, that he or she wants an answer and can hear them give it. They get pretty irritated when Dora fails to listen to their answers or advice. It usually goes something like this…
(Look to my earlier posts for the cover artwork; the trailer is by Mark West, who has done a very fine job indeed).
I'm now obviously broke in cash and rich in crafty goodies. What a day! My dream come true, all thanks to Jo and Greg :D I'm going to remember it forever.
For a decade, Mark worked on The Interplanetary Dignitary Defense Force (INDDF), a special task force made up of several races from different planets, set up to defend against threats on planet's leaders. Mark got tired of chasing down Traconian terrorists, and decided to quit and be a police officer on earth. A few years later he met Heather.
You guessed it, sweet little Gibson had picked the glove up from wherever she had dropped it and was kindly carrying it home for her.
Although I am still full of thoughts and a little bit of rage.
I do think that John Campbell should be censured for allowing Ring on his programme in the first place, but I also believe that a bouquet would be a more appropriate response than the various brickbats he's been handed for his "bad manners" ever since. Ought one to be polite to timewasters like Ring at a time like this?
And if i am wrong…I am not ashamed to admit it.
Zumba is still kickin’ my butt…which is what I paid good money for, so we can definitely call it a success…I feel a pull in my inner thighs, so I know that’s working…my butt is definitely a little higher, so I know that’s working…my legs look killer in heels and a dress, so yeah, that’s working, too…I’m just gonna keep on keepin’ on…don’t fix what ain’t broke…
Wind Swept
The woman smiled at Alex. Then she gently explained to him that these men were Maasai warriors and they were there to protect the guests from being eaten by wild animals. Alex swears he heard a lion roar at that moment.
Man, it’s time to break through .
In college, I majored in Psychology & I remember one day we did an exercise.
on a clear mountain night,
What these beautiful pieces all have in common is the hand painted motif of a young Breton couple, captured mid-step whilst dancing a country folk dance called a Gavotte.
Daniels cusses him out, and when he comes back, Daniels claims he is on the phone.
3 young
"Right. Like Animal Farm," Riley said, checking over her shoulder to make sure no pissed customers were lurking in line. But the queue remained blessedly deserted.
and embraced
These results are based on Gallup’s annual Environment poll, conducted March 8-11. Rising gas prices, debate over government approval of the Keystone XL pipeline, and President Obama’s current energy policy tour highlight the importance of the energy issue. The Keystone issue in particular has reminded Americans about the trade-offs between increased energy production and risks to the environment.
then i went and ruined it with my messy writing. i was just not in the right frame of mind and should have listened to my inner voice that was screaming NO, DON'T DO IT! ah well, lesson learned and, it's a journal after all, so it will do.
I’ll embody indecency.
Which brings me to the less superficial portion of this meme, my continuing struggle with anxiety. As happy as I am with my life, my anxiety is still not 100% under control. For those that have not been through it, I don't know how to explain it. People assume I get anxious over everyday stressors and that it is related to me trying to do too much or putting too much pressure on myself but that is not the case. My anxiety is not over the everyday stuff, which I actually handle quite well. My anxiety comes from a very deep-seated and irrational place and I have yet to fully be able to quell it. But I also have to give myself credit because with a lot of work and a lot of help, I am in a much better place than I was this time last year. While it still frustrates me that I haven't completely gotten rid of it, I am not going to give up. I am determined.
#17 - Thurman Inaction
We split up from our friends after the museum to see different sights, but had such a fun time as a group, much more so than if we had gone solo. All the kids love goofing around with each other so much. We visited the Franklin Institute again—Rosie and Dash were clamoring to climb through the giant heart once more, Rosie wanted to visit the Mutter Museum (Dash thought it was too scary last time, so he and I went to a yarn shop instead), and Monkeyrotica wanted to try the Famous 4th Street Delicatessen, a historic Jewish deli in Queen Village. We also spent some time poking around an old-school second-hand book store, complete with an in-store cat. One of the highlights of the trip for me was sneaking away from the fam to the 12th Street Gym for the best step aerobics class EVAR! Not kidding. DC doesn't do it like that anymore.
Export controls tightened The WEEE revisions also promise to tighten controls on e-waste exports. So if you export WEEE, then you will have to properly demonstrate that the goods are being shipped for repair or legitimate re-use.
James has grafted a plot of Chenin Blanc, with Grűner Veltliner. This was a revelation. The cuttings came from a friend in Austria, Marcus Huber in Traisendal near Krems. He has blended it with 20% Chardonnay and the results of very intriguing. There is a herbal note and a definite hint of Grűner Veltliner, with some nice weight and texture and a certain pithy fruit.
(iv) flood control and natural calamities;
The cults centering around these so-called saints are hugely popular in Mexico, he said, and in some areas are preferred over the Catholic church. They are most prevalent in the nine Mexican states where the cartel violence is greatest, such as Nuevo Leon, in which Monterrey is located.
It's been dark and dreary here the last few days, so I needed to make a card to perk me up. This one did the trick! The colors and patterns in Jersey Shore DSP from SU always brightens my mood! Bashful Blue, Brilliant Blue, Pumpkin Pie and Wild Wasabi against a bright white background - what's not to love!
Mayura is a true visionary. If you are wondering how you can use your business to do some good in the world, you will be truly inspired by Mayura and the wonderful women that she works with.
Our merry band of pornmongers are made up of Alphonse (Adam Huss), team arse and hat wearer, his badly structured beard offends me, pointless stoned friend only included on account of it being his van, Jimbo (Zack Bennett), chubby guy, Steve (Jeremy Radin), who obviously knows about the holy lore of wrestling because he’s a chubby guy, this proves to be useful later, and, of course, every porn film needs its lovely ladies so we also have Daisy (Catherine Wreford), largely unconscious, could do with a good meal, Debbie (Margaret Scarborough), her curiously shaped implants alarmed my BFF Kev, and Dallas (Leyla Milani), final girl, contortionist and manicured mechanic. (It took a surprisingly long time for me to realise that the two lovely ladies were called Debbie and Dallas, it made me snigger, eventually).
Hey guys! I have been so busy for days and I haven't been able to get in here and post. Even now, I am very short on time. So, I have a few cards to post and I will give the bare minimum in details so I can rush off again but I want to hear any questions you may have about any of the cards. Deal? Here ya go!
Business travel isn't fun, but it doesn't particularly bother me either. I missed the Oscars and my friends' Oscar party for the first time in years, although I did manage to win the Oscar pool in absentia.
Can't decide if I want to stay around the coast or head up towards New Mexico and maybe Arizona before I head to Colorado. I checked weather.com and the night time temps in southern New Mexico are pretty low, even though the daytime temps are in the 60's with sunshine.
Like all songs on the soundtrack, “Eyes Wide Open” was written and inspired by the film. It addresses Katniss Everdeen’s evolution from a child to a contestant in The Hunger Games, fighting 23 of her peers to the death.
The sake I ordered was apple flavored, and it tasted like wine with a jolly rancher melted in -- but it wasn't overwhelmingly sweet. The red bean ice cream was great for desert -- subtle and a little fruity, a little sweet, not too rich or heavy. Just the right ending to a delicious meal.
"It is here whre she must begin to tell her story."
6. “Michael”: an essay on Michael Jackson. A winner. Turns the beleaguered star into someone more human, more mysterious than the Press has. JJS humanizes MJ; he makes us care about his complex personality and his virtuoso talents as a singer and dancer. He quotes MJ:
The false reality is even more prevalent within so called “victim support” organisations, who appear to view their role as guardians of the politically correct flame as more important than the safety of those they are supposed to support.
You can't bear to look at it.
Here's what I got at Bunnings:
For anyone who is interested here are photos of Feethams, Feethams after being disused and the new stadium. If anyone would like copies of any of these photos then contact me at
The wife's face slowly turns red with anger.
For some people whose pressure is just starting to rise the doctor might recommend nothing more than dietary changes and exercise to lower your numbers. Thirty minutes of exercise daily and a weight loss plan can actually help lower your blood pressure quite significantly. In some people the intake of sodium can affect your pressure significantly and your physician may recommend you reduce your salt intake immediately.
You can adjust the seasoning and sugar levels. I only used brown sugar and used ground cinnamon instead of cinnamon sticks. I like a chunky applesauce (mashed with a potato masher), but you can puree it down smooth as well.
Soon it will turn into a rusty brown, the consistency of a semi-runny honey. Before it turns into this colour, take the saucepan off the stove and carefully add in the two tablespoons of hot water. Be extremely careful because it will splatter quite violently.
The Evening Standard stated the following:
There's an attention grabbing first line for a single if ever I've heard one. By 1966 the music buying public had already been treated to a wide variety of artistes using diabolical imagery to turn heads, so this single won't have been anything new - but I'd be willing to bet that it still upset some folks in certain quarters.
A Christmas Snow ... TBN ... 4 AM
‘‘(i) a cybersecurity purpose; or
Additional information that’s good to have: a space for notes and a place where you identify your direct contact history with the photographer. Note if they’ve contacted you, if you them, how often you should contact them, etc. And then add these contact reminders to your calendar, that way you don’t forget and do not need to scroll through a list of 300 photographers to find out what contact dates you’ve missed.
Who hawks the wares out on the street?
At royalty,
3-7-2011
Somewhere, buried deep inside this blog amongst all my crazy ramblings, I talked about how my fascination with the space program inspired within me a lifelong love of learning. I also talked about how my “socialization issues” drove me away from the formal education system and, eventually, lead me to spending countless hours in public libraries, where I could study whatever I wanted without the fear and chaos rampant in public schools.
Here is the lovely sketch by Cathy, I will definitely be using this one again! Make sure you check out all the fabulous cards by the Sugar Bowl Design Team on the blog, if you are inspired to take part, you may win some gorgeous Sugar Nellie stamps.
1. Revlon Color Burst Lip Butters (can be found at drugstores): These come in SO many different shades that it was hard to pick one. I got creamsicle and it was a nudeish-orange tint. The packaging is super cute and really easy to just throw in your bag and go. I didn’t love this color because it came out a bit white and too frosty on my lips. The texture was really smooth and it kept my lips moisturized but I felt like it came off within half an hour.
As Alice stood at the gates of Lyca Woods, she contemplated the weather. It was spring, the weather was still bitterly cold at times and the villagers were still treated to the odd bout of snow, often preceded by sunshine that lacked all warmth and merely glared down at the villagers as if showing them its potential whilst deliberately refusing it. However, the closer Alice had got to the forest, the fouler the weather became. The sun had almost completely retreated and now its foul cousins the wind and rain had come. The wind itself seemed to be attempting to blow her back the way she had come and the rain seemed to be trying to weigh her clothes down with so much water that she would be unable to walk on. Even the odd ray of sunshine seemed to be pointing in the direction of home.
He will strive to find the balance
I find this category the toughest to choose every year. This one was very close, but in the end, I called in the super-secret tie-breaking judge (my wife), who coaxed me into choosing a haiku by someone I had to coax into participating. From Lynda R Young:
If I would have given up halfway, I would have failed and most people will give up halfway to the goal, because it is hard. What we need to remember is why and what we are fighting for. Going for your degree seems like a long task, but keep going it will give you the fruits of your labor in time. Yes, people are going to nay say and talk about zero jobs after your degree, but they are wrong. You just got to do the right things and look for the work, it will come.
Not sure I’m into -- family values.
From Run Rabbit Run:
And now, here to inspire you are the TEAM S.A.S. cards made with our sponsor's images:
“None of those, sir. This appears to be an entirely new type of weapon. It is auditory in nature; a sonic weapon so to speak.”
Your question takes me back to my days in the USMC, stationed in Okinawa, Japan. Even off duty, in civilian attire, we had to abide by the local command’s dress code. The rules included: no exercise clothing (unless you were actually working out), no tank tops for men, no spaghetti straps for women, belts always worn if your clothing had belt loops, no visible underwear, no exposed midriff, no holey, tattered, or dirty clothing. Basically, we were required to look neat and sharp at all times. While jeans could be worn, officers (like myself) were discouraged from wearing them, particularly at command events. I had two pair of khakis that I would have to starch and iron (with creases!) for any non-uniformed, official functions. How I grew to hate khaki pants!
It's now 9-o-clock on Monday evening and it's been snowing for a good five hours. Tomorrow will be fun.
My wife looked at me strangely and knew something was up. I never ordered water at a bar, absolutely never.
But for the modern day paladin, putting a soul back inside a vampire, then falling in love with her, and managing to literally piss off the Devil in the process are average days.
She is my adventure. I can save the world a thousand times in a thousand different video games and never have I felt as good and proud as I did that night, under the tree with that smile, those eyes…and that ass!
__
I watched as the other girls hooted and pointed mimicking a thief. I’ll fix them. Out of my dilly bag I pulled out my tambourine and started dancing and clanging it and singing in my native tongue, my skirt swirling and my hoop earrings bouncing up and down. The tambourine was making a pretty racket until I felt the tap on my shoulder. I spun around too quickly and landed on my butt on the dirt.
Since a very young age all I ever wanted to be was a games designer, I have always thought about story ideas, game ideas and how cool it would be to have one of my games played by millions. As I said before, my career has not taken off like I wanted it too. Things don't go to plan and I accept that.
Sticky chicken- Combine 2 tbs honey, 1 tbs olive oil, 1 tsp ground cumin, 1 tsp ground coriander and 1 tsp ground cardamom in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Place 8 chicken thigh fillets on a non-stick baking tray and brush with the honey mixture. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 30 minutes to marinate. Preheat grill on high. Remove plastic wrap. Cook chicken under grill, basting occasionally with marinade, for 4 minutes each side or until golden and cooked through.
Sometimes we let our ego and pride stop us from asking for help when we need it. We put ourself through struggles that we could probably avoid by just asking for help. Asking for help doesn’t mean that you are less than someone or incapable of doing something. Asking for help shows that you are humble, that you are willing to serve your purpose and others and at the same time understand and realize that there will be moments that you will need help and collaboration from others to achieve your goals.
I liked chatting to all the people who came to visit.
CHICKEN SOUP (serves about 8 – depending on how hungry they are)
Dragging time into the wormholes we get zero-time space craft Alblackica
I'll randomly pick two winners on May 14th.
Thursday: Ham and Green beans
If there is no closet, consider keeping a good-looking storage chest in the room and/or a portable clothes rack.
1/4 tsp vanilla powder (you could add up to 1/2 tsp vanilla, I added less because I don't have the best quality vanilla powder)
The Environmental Protection Agency’s proposal would effectively stop the building of most new coal-fired plants in an industry that is moving rapidly to more natural gas. But the rules will not regulate existing power plants, the source of one third of U.S. emissions, and will not apply to any plants that start construction over the next 12 months.
Me: "Yeah, but I could do just a little..."
This is the quote for September
Guido is the lead character – the director who’s going through a mid-life crisis and has lost his inspiration to write, and drained all his muses of their energy – the women he surrounds himself with.
OJFNO Blog (ojfnoblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
"You know, I've been thinking," he said. "We really don't need to nap. It's not like we're children." He quickly corrected himself: "I mean, you're pregnant, so you should totally nap, but I'm just not sure I should be."
Some other things you might ask to be able to perceive include:
Carpal-tunnel syndrome
Sandman - Neil Gaiman
09. Gaby - Baila Hoola-Hop
Peppercorn says that the noises created by water hammers have to do with simple physics. “All that momentum and kinetic energy has to be absorbed somewhere,” he said, “Since energy is conserved; some of the kinetic energy is converted into acoustical energy, thus the collision noise.”
The story about a tiny frog who won the race…. Life’s lesson
And we chain our bikes. However, chaining by one wheel will not do the job - a bike less one wheel is a worthy candidate for theft. Best to lock both wheels and the frame altogether, or the frame and one wheel, carrying the other wheel with you. Even a wheel alone may be stolen.
Also as an apology for the late release of the second one there will be a buffer zine offered between this and the third issue.
I have to remind them that I had good reasons for putting them on hold, admonish them to be patient, tell them that their time will come, that nagging me or trying to lay a guilt trip on me not only won’t work, it will have the opposite affect. Nag me and you will just have to wait longer. Try to make me feel guilty and I will put you in the closet, out of sight, out of mind. I am the boss of my knitting, as EZ would say, and I will take up each project again when I decide the time is right. A knitter has to be firm. Projects need to know that the knitter is in charge.
contact from 4x5 foma film
Indian banks have historically been well capitalised and were resilient through the credit crunch that led to the collapse of banking behemoths Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns. However, for the first time since 2009, Asia’s third-largest economy is set to slow. The government recently cut its growth forecast to 8.2 per cent for the fiscal year to March 2012, from 9 per cent.
DD- “HOW YOU GET 2 D GET OUT OF HOUSE”
Isn’t that the best looking gem party you’ve never been invited to? Methinks my May bank balance may take a thwack. I wish to welcome some neon sparkle into my life.
Note: As you can tell from the photos, I have a huge chunk missing from my eyeshadow. I think I may have dropped it or something. The eyeshadow powders are therefore very messy when I go to open it :( In fact, I spilt some on my desk and when I went to rub it off, it left a smear.. which is still evident O_O (well only slightly because I know it's there) I think it's safe to say that these eyeshadows are quite durable/long-lasting!
New Minor Magic Item: Ring of Daisies
One expert said the study is “important,” and that it helps tease out why these kids have trouble coping.
I really loved building all of the layers and the colors on this. I used old French book paper, some airplane charts, cross stitch patterns, and scrapbook paper scraps. I found the frame at Hobby Lobby and used my 40% off coupon to buy it. (Love getting a good deal like that!)
I actually now like my treadmill time and try to get one in a week when I am in training mode...which um should be always! What used to the dreadmill is now well, kind of fun! And by the looks of my red face upon completion I always get a great workout.
Our foods back home are full of spices, herbs,and seasonings, sometimes making up the bulk of a recipe. Our recipes reflect our traditions, varied origins, and adaptations, often times they reflect who we are, where we come from, and reveal our family heritage. Here, however, the food is very simple, often made up of no more than 5 ingredients, with little variation from province to province, there are exceptions, Halo-halo, an all time favorite better than ice cream back home, or Pancit are the best examples of how Filipino food CAN vary. However, while we experiment a lot with food back home, combining unusual ingredients and exotic spices, there is very little experimentation here. For one the daily wage might not be able to support a dinner failure. Two, if you can support a failure, you will not be able to find anything “exotic” or “foreign” unless you live in a large urban center. But that isn’t to say you cannot cheaply experiment with even the most basic of ingredients here.
“My grandfather never refers to the tiger’s wife by name. His arm is around me and my feet are on the handrail, and my grandfather might say, ‘I once knew a girl who loved tigers so much she almost became one herself.’ Because I am little, and my love of tigers comes directly from him, I believe he is talking about me, offering me a fairy tale in which I can imagine myself—and will, for years and years.”
16:13: Michael McFadden explains that the public are susceptible to anti-smoking fraud because they are very secure in their lives, which makes their health a very strong concern. So if the message, however untrue, that passive smoke is going to kill them is told often enough, they will believe it. Such worries can also lead to exaggerated - or even imagined - 'syndromes such as Multiple Chemical Sensitivity (which Chris Snowdon describes as being believed by hypochondriacs).
Learn in order to have an enriching life.
So little they rose, so little they fell,
I had an amazing haircut experience this past weekend. Bright-eyed boy and I both needed a haircut, but since we hadn't planned ahead, we landed at the local Hair Cuttery. You definitely take your chances, at least at this location, but on the 2011 austerity plan, I didn't want to pay $60 for my regular stylist. Anyway, I get the requisite shampoo and conditioner, nothing special there, but once she starts combing my hair, and separating my scalp into manageable quadrants, there's something about her touch that just started to hypnotize me. I closed my eyes and I think my mouth was hanging open. She was slow and methodical, but the little tugs as she separated a bit to snip, the whisper of the scissors, then moving on to the next little piece to trim. . . it all felt so good, it made me go all weak in the joints. It felt so good I didn't want it to end, so I uncharacteristically let her blow dry. I have curly hair and I don't fuss with it much and I NEVER blow it dry. Generally I don't want it blown dry when I get it cut because I need it to look good the way *I* style it, which is wash, towel dry, comb out, a little anti-frizz product, and call it done.
DW: I would agree with that. Yeah.
When you worry and hurry through your day,
the Falkland islands was british and that’s how its going to stay
Even when the snow crunches underfoot, spring blooms eternal on Park Avenue . . .
Psychoanalyzing risky behavior may rack up tons of cash for shrinks, but it’s entirely possible that some people just enjoy these activities for their own sake. Unfortunately, some of them become addicted to the rush, the drug, the adrenaline, or whatever it is that hooks them, and some even die as a result.
Today President Papoulias started the talk with the principal party leaders to form a new government, but Mr Tsipras is unlikely to give in, they say.
Charlotte started by telling us all about Fredrick Tutor, the first person to harvest ice for business, to build and control ice houses to store the blocks and take ice to Havana (as well as other warm weather places). He was a man of great vision and without him we'd probably be drinking warm gin and tonics as the Europeans still do! She discussed refrigeration and it's importance to the time period as well as how ice is actually harvested.
By the way, it’s nice to see so many of you fighting me for spawns on Vulak the past couple of weeks. Just talking and listening to you in game lately has been fun – many of you have come back just to play on the progression servers, which is pretty awesome! Just let me have a kill once in a while, will ya?? :)
i painted this old filing cabinet white, and on top sits our printer and a lamp i already had, that is from home depot. unfortunately, the only lampshade i had is a little small for this lamp. i'll be replacing it as soon as i find a good one!
I have been a licensed Commercial Pesticide Applicator certified by the Ohio Department of Agriculture since 1997. I have served my industry in many capacities including various chair positions, board member and executive board positions within the Ohio Pest Management Associations, including my current elected role as President of the Ohio Pest Management Association.
mixed with some classical tunes, and lyrics got his upper hand
On my limited budget I promoted the show as much as I could afford. I had secured the Knoxville Civic Auditorium with a good stage and seating for a few thousand people. I arranged for light and sound companies, catering for artists and crew, union stage hands. I set up interviews and special musical highlights on the local radio stations and bought radio time and newspaper ads. Excitedly I looked forward to the concert day. As the day approached I went to all of my ticket outlets to collect monies and unsold tickets. I was dismayed. Only a couple of hundred tickets had been sold. It appeared that all of the work that I had put into the concert had been in vain and I was about to take a bath on my investment.
Maybe, since I haven't shared much this week (bad blogger!) I will share two things:
Where I found it: I first read this one in Ruth Pitter's Daily Telegraph obituary notice, and at once I got that kick in the stomach which good poetry gives.
JD – Sr. Staff Writer
Gets old fast:
Beth Bulik – Ad Age: Do you ever recall this happening before – that players’ protest or input has changed the narrative (or outcome) of a video game? Is that what is happening in this case?
Samples of backsplash and countertop in tow, I consulted with professionals at three different paint stores. I brought more paint chips home.
Fewer tourists are going to Morocco.
We should be good empiricists and be open to the possibility that what we think of as the universe really does exist within some larger context. But then we could presumably re-define that as the universe, and be stuck with the same questions. As long as you admit that there is more than one conceivable way for the universe to be (and I don’t see how one could not), there will always be some end of the line for explanations. I could be wrong about that, but an insistence that “the universe must explain itself” or some such thing seems like a completely unsupportable a priori assumption. (Not that anyone in this particular brouhaha seems to be taking such a stance.)
Today and tomorrow I will be on the currently awkwardly named WLAP Afternoon Show from 3-6 pm as the station tries to find a replacement for the departed Leland Conway. You never know, that replacement could end up being me, although it was a bit of a shock this morning to re-engage with pages of the newspaper that don’t say “SPORTS” in big letters at the top.
oooh! I just love to wake up in the mornings and the first thing i see is her happy, smiling little face. Kinda "puts the silverlining to the whole day". I think thats how you say it???lol
The challenges this month:
Red Cord Dress which can be worn as a skirt - H & M
For that, we're going to go back to 1935 and the short story "Pygmalion's Spectacles" by Stanley Weinbaum. In the story, a professor has invented a pair of goggles that allows you to experience a movie as if you were in the movie including interacting with the characters. How familiar does that sound?
7. Pass the paste through a fine-meshed sieve, such as a chinois, to eliminate any stray sinew.
Secondly, Asian women get higher education and become more independent. Though many Asian countries are still developing, the living situation and the civilization are increasing. Most of the women in Thailand and Vietnam are undergraduates, and some are even masters. These well- educated women have a strong sense of independence. They play an important role in the companies as well as men, act good at socialization and live a pretty cozy life by her own income. They seem to have everything. But they are women, they need love and respect, which quite a few men of the their country don’t know how to show, that’s another reason for why Asian women tend to marry foreigners.
Authorities are doing a better job of identifying the practice, which takes place amid everyday locations like suburban homes and with the aid of social networking sites. More importantly, police understand that prostitutes are often as likely to be victims of traffickers and pimps as accomplices.
I feel the desperate need to cry, but I don’t know why.
And...as I continue to marvel at the frenetic energy of street life in NYC, I also seek and enjoy moments of serendipity with objects and words placed by other - intervening - like minds. You can follow various street art blogs and stay on top of these things online, worldwide, which is fun...but, comparatively, nothing beats the discovery of an object placed in public with a special intention for you to see it and perhaps interact with it.
3) Come back to this post and leave a comment including a DIRECT link to your creation or use Mister Linky below.Remember to make it a link to the specific post or picture and not just a general link to your blog or gallery. We need to be able to find your art!
SODA BREAD
What does Jesus say is his purpose in raising Lazarus from the dead (see verse 42)?
We were to go by ferry and car as planes weren't invented yet. The von Schneider Family as we were known, were five individuals: Mama von Schneider, Papa von Schneider, RedBellyButtonBoy, Misssy M and CheekyMonkey.
The song also reminds me a bit of the cross-generic
And the sandstorms of anxiety
She wanted tables moved and posters taken down.
The Matron thought long and hard about posting this (well, okay, more than 30 seconds) because her brother and sister--not her mother--know about and sometimes read this blog. She understands that they have an entirely different relationship with their mother than the Matron does. So this is her experience, only.
- 50 mL dropper bottle of Cynar
Like everything, I'm sure it will get better with time.
Here it is my last card for this year and of course it is for my dear hubbie. I had great fun making it at my sister's yesterday - good isn't it when you can go visiting and get stuck in creating and making something.
and remove the chains that bind people.
It is officially that time of the year again. Although it is still a little chilly out, mostly due to humidity, the return of outdoor activities is in full swing. Besides the regular running outdoors (which I started sometime ago) other activities are starting to come back just begging good weather to come back to our fine city.
i think it is a stage. i am fairly certain that other mothers have stressed about their child saying stuff like this and it being misconstrued. and i am sure that i have made it worse by trying to stifle his comments.
Dion got a few of his friends together from the Belmont Avenue area and formed The Belmonts. The first hit for Dion And The Belmonts was I Wonder Why in 1958. They went on to make many hit records through the late 1950's and early 1960's.
No doubt, numerous bites that will
The film also shuffles the chronology of Claude's career at a publishing firm, where he progresses from working in the mail room to a mid-level office drone to an executive position. The scenes of work are almost always deadening and numbing, and though Claude's progress upward through the company is not presented in a linear fashion as he skips from memory to memory, it gradually becomes clear that the only time when he was actually happy or contented at work was in the stock room, mindlessly stacking magazines for shipping. The more responsibility he gets, the higher he rises, the more miserable he becomes. At one point, he sits at his desk with glazed eyes, musing about how slowly time passes, how it seems like it will remain the same time forever — a memory that acquires a very different resonance when shuffled into Claude's jaunt through the past. In another scene, Claude sits at a desk working while men in business suits are clustered around him, commenting disparagingly on his ability to finish the project he's working on. With the dark setting and the shadowy figures arranged around the desk, towering over Claude, it's staged like a nightmare, a paranoid fantasy of workplace pressure, another expression of Claude's subconscious rather than a literal memory of something that actually happened.
Our conclusion? If we could come up with 40 reasons to be happy in minutes, we must have thousands (maybe millions!) of reasons to be happy. And we both decided just making the list made us super happy!
This is something I found on the ABC news website yesterday morning, and as it is something that is close to my heart I thought I would share it with you.
Apologies if this is stating the obvious. Happy Killing.
In other words (and to repeat), the mere presence or the ability to do an eBook or a POD version will not keep a work in print UNLESS the publisher is selling 150 copies or more of any eBook or short run POD version in the 6-month period.
Last week I forgot to mention that I'd be attending the Brad Paisley concert on Saturday.
‘Yes. They must represent ourselves in relation to the game. Now we are a part of it.’
So kiss my eyes until I get to sleep
Now, I’ll watch Samuel L. Jackson in a bad movie any day of the week, and his presence here earns the movie the stars it gets. Jackson is a wealthy man with compassion and a conscience; in short, the kind of guy who doesn’t really exist in real life. He has the best moments in the movie, including a pep talk that ends up unexpectedly and to great effect. Most of the other actors here really, um, tank.
The explosion threw the little woman backwards into the water as the huge fireball obliterated her bedroom and most of the bathroom around her. Flaming debris rained down around her everywhere. Her idiot husband had just blown up half of his beloved house in order to incinerate the bug that had bitten her so maliciously in her bedroom……… though…..as she thought about it……her chest had been itching since before she left work…..maybe she got bit at work……but, oh well….
I guess people find it strange that I’m a nice guy. I can’t help it. There’s too much fake in this world.
Gingrich: Obama supports murdering babies!
PAXMAN: PASTY!?
29. The Secret Year Jennifer R. Hubbard
and what is it i need to do? take control back of my life. it starts today. it starts here. it starts now.
As John states: A haven is a place of shelter, a refuge, and this is what this blog will be: an asylum for the little poems that get lost amongst the big ones and are anyway rarely read in the dominant world of prose.
This has all created some tension at Cats Working because Adele’s rooting for Rachel Alexandra. But I’m betting my treats on Mine That Bird.
Now obviously the ones I like the most are the Shingles and the Sweetheart’s Cradle. And according to him, those are the one’s that are the most uncomfortable, and the most not-sleepable (I know I know, that’s not a word). I know life isn’t really like in the movies but apparently sleeping isn’t either. Sigh.
Anyway, we still have much to do and much progress to make, on all of our projects. It’s so exciting! We’ll keep everyone posted as we take on San Antonio, Texas – one small business at a time.
1. Make the panettone as per this recipe but add the amount of fruit listed here. I like equal amounts of raisins, cranberries, currants, and candied peel.
Because I am!!!
Known by his Americanized first name of Roy, Nushida was a pretty small guy, about 5'-2" and just over 100 lbs, but he made up for his diminutive stature with an impressive assortment of curve balls. A teammate on the Senators called him "one of the smartest pitchers he had ever seen" and crowds loved to watch the little pitcher strike out the much larger players he faced. Nushida played around the semi-pro circuit on the island and in 1922 he came to America with the barnstorming Honolulu All-Stars. Recognizing that the West Coast's burgeoning Nisei baseball circuit, Roy Nushida decided to stay in Northern California and for the next 9 years became a fixture of the Japanese-American semi-pro leagues in between working as a salesman in Stockton. With the vast Japanese market so far untapped by any Pacific Coast League team, Moreing and the Senators had a marketing goldmine. When Nushida was signed by the team, the Senators were barely holding onto third place statistically unable to get close to the first or second slot. With Sacramento about to embark on their last trip around the PCL circuit it was the perfect time to bring out their Asian rookie to create a media buzz and put those Japanese fans in the stands from LA to Seattle. Changing his first name from Roy back to his Japanese name of Kenso, Nushida began his tour of the league.
100 g Almont powder
There was a far-away visitor - Ruddy Turnstone from the Northern hemisphere, an island punk - Crested Tern, regular restaurant food thieves - Buff-Banded Rail and Capricorn Silver Eye as well as the rare Red-Tailed Tropic Bird chick. Also don’t be alarmed by the creepy baby crying at night, it’s actually just the mutton bird (Wedge Tailed shearwater) trying to locate its partner in its underground nest.
1 (14 1/2-ounce) can diced tomatoes
2011 was a bit of a strange year. I don't know if it was good or bad. It was a bit all over the place. If my beginning to 2012 is anything to go by, 2012 could be a bit of a strange year as well. Getting home at 4am is pretty standard after a New Year's night out, but when you've been clearing up glasses and confetti for several hours from other people getting drunk and having a good time? Not quite the same.
If she answers that she is being bothered, confront the offender from a safe distance (survival gap). “Hey dude, she ain’t interested. Take a hike”.
I believed that lie for way too many years.
tonight, I’ll whistle in my sleep
I got home and told my Dad what was going on. I also told him that I hadn’t walked him in a very long time because Audrey and I had switched and she had been walking Desi while I had been walking Forest. He asked me if I thought it was time. And all I could say was “I don’t know Dad. But it’s getting close. It’s getting very close.” And then I said, “It’s hurts so much Dad. It hurts so much.”
I actually considered not blogging anymore at all. But then realized that the camaraderie and friendships I've developed with you all, not to mention the fun creative and inspirational outlet that blogging has given me is also a good thing. And so The Blessed Nest goes on.
It’s also a game that is very, VERY easy to die and/or get stuck in, so only diehard adventure gamers need apply. That or get a comprehensive walkthrough…but yeah. Fucked up, totally awesome, and with excellent writing, this is a game you must check out.
When with you, I know no shame
Authorities say the woman was forced into a vehicle at gunpoint and later sexually assaulted by two men. She was then shot and left for dead in a field.
It's been busy and probably, as for everyone, the holiday season brings lots of hussle and bussle, shopping, and family gatherings. Please take a little time to hug those you love.
