-1/4 cup corn syrup
SO this week at MDUC we were asked to use this photo for inspiration, which is so pretty. Immediately my mind went to Kaisercrafts "Chanteuse Collection" filled with greens, pinks and browns.
6) Seeing that it is some kind of government allocation, are they allowed to spend the money on purchases totally unrelated to the cow business?
Hope you will have fun trying. Here's the video.
- Crisis, recession and economic rights
I quoted 9 verses but right now there are only two verses I want to focus on, verses two and five. The nine verses are talking about the coming apostasy. This is describing what the world will be like in the end times, not only the world but more importantly the church. We gather that from verse five where it says they have the form of godliness but denying the power of God. It gives a list of qualities that are also in the church. Verses two through four paints a very scary picture, much of what we are seeing now days. Only one has not come to pass but I will discuss that in another blog at another time. The people have gone away from God to chase their own selfish desires. They consider themselves devout Christians if they spend a couple of hours a week in church, then the rest of the week they are chasing their own selfish desires. Many who are gentiles claim to be christians out of ignorance.
Best Performance in a Supporting Role: Miss Nebraska aka Mary Lou aka Queen Josephine (Beauty Queens by Libba Bray)
I remember especially sunny afternoons on the lawn at Kathy's home for the monthly AP get together. Other children M's age or older even staying close by their Mama's. They wander away to a distance of about 2 metres but then 'bounce' right back. Little M's bungy cord was at least 8 metres or more. I was always watching so that he didn't topple over the drop down in the garden.
Recai is a faithful man; he’s erred and he’s sinned, but his belief in Allah and in humanity is solid. Underneath his layers of confusion and self-doubt is a good man. His day-to-day life has been isolated from the city he lives in: Elih, Turkey (Google it for a good giggle). What would happen if a flawed man was forced to confront real evil, real sin? Could he rise to the occasion?
They made me say that. They’re definitely not monkeys!
This is a video for Francesca Battistelli’s This is the Stuff. It is a song about how we get caught up in the little stuff of everyday life. We lose our keys and phones and life takes over and we seem to forget how much we are blessed by God through all of the stuff we go. Everything is a reason to give God praise. Praise Him with every moment every thing of your life.
I also went to the closing of the stacks (no IPad for me but I have so MANY books). I checked out the ALA notable discussion one last time. I think listening to them will make me a better reviewer and a better writer!
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful seasoned mothers, new mothers and expectant mothers today!
As for that little demon? Haven’t heard a peep since that moment last night. And that thing never shuts up. I legitimately think its gone.
Editor's note: Newman apologized for the e-mail, which was sent by an aide. Newman noted that he was unaware that the e-mail had been sent. In a statement Newman said his policy is to meet with all groups.
I just love Mexican food so I had to give this a try.
“Names, locations, and Darky’s location.”
After the police killed Ian Tomlinson in April 2009 they put out a string of lies to try to get away with it. They claimed to have had 'no contact' with Tomlinson, that their officers tried to revive him whilst protesters threw a hail of bottles (in fact protesters tried to get an ambulance for him whilst the police refused to speak to medical staff). They had a dodgy autopsy done saying it was all natural causes. They had the 'Independent' Police Complaints Commission say there was no CCTV in the area, and after people published photos of the cameras they amended that to say they 'weren't working'.
I recognize that many Americans are tired of war. As President, nothing is more wrenching than signing a letter to a family of the fallen, or looking into the eyes of a child who will grow up without a mother or father. I will not keep Americans in harm’s way a single day longer than is absolutely required for our national security. But we must finish the job we started in Afghanistan and end this war responsibly.
but please join the
Finally we are heading back. I think. But when getting to Scanno, we suddenly stop at a pub. I give Logan signs in all possible ways, without being rude, but he doesn’t get it and we are going inside, all of the boys having another drink. Logan wants to show them how much we appreciate their hospitality, by shouting them a Jagermeister shot. I thought it was nice of him but on the other hand I’m getting concerned about Toni’s driving skills.
My mind races back to various Jello molds I encountered as a child, with enticing names like "Ambroooooosia Jello Salad" all of which ended in a big fat ten year old EWWWWWWWW from me. I'm a fan of the Jello. I would happily rock a bowl of American over-sweetened cherry flavor Jello in a heartbeat. It's the putting things INSIDE the Jello that I find to be a horror show.
“The morning of February 17, I put a wire on my son, and I sent him to school,” Chaifetz says in a video he created to showcase the audio clips. “What I heard on that audio was so disgusting, vile, and just an absolute disrespect and bullying of my son, that happened not by other children, but by his teacher, and the aides — the people who were supposed to protect him. They were literally making my son’s life a living hell.”
And this book, I mean, the romantic tension was palpable. There may be the word "kiss" in its title, but you have to wait a desperately long time for any kissing. But after that wait when you didn't even know what you were missing, when it finally happens, it is even more amazing than you could have anticipated. It is totally worth it.
Hey Bunnies :)
RND 3: *sc in first 2 st, 2 sc in next st*, repeat around (24 stitches)
she was uneasy, uncomfortable. Fear fell on her like
Chris Evans (trumpet)
So, if you want to be successful in this atmosphere, entitlement is not the way to go. Good old fashioned hard work and audience development is!
And later, as we laid in bed, nursing, dozing I thought again of Stephanie and her empty arms, her empty womb, but knowing her breasts were full of life-giving milk with no one to claim that milk. And the pain was renewed.
Word went out yesterday from Saint Marie Records HQ that we've been given the go-ahead to host Drowner's video for "Written," a choice nu-gazey nugget from their expanded, self-titled ep. This shimmering dream-pop pearl with a hook to die for will hit the spot for anyone who hasn't gotten the Cocteau Twins or Medicine out of their consciousness. The clip is below, as is a brief review of Drowner I penned for issue 70 of Big Takeover magazine, available soon!
“Perhaps an alpaca, or a guanaco–maybe even a vicuna,” she said, looking for all the world as if she had just stepped out of a particularly overwrought episode of Grey’s Anatomy.
Issue Spot will leave the issue of salaries for another time but, for the record, Massachusetts judges’ rank 47th among judicial salaries. The notion that our judges work less than forty hours a week is just plain false. Not to mention that, in recent years, filings in Massachusetts have increased – especially in cases of bankruptcy, eviction, domestic abuse, etc. – while judiciary staff has been decreased. Judges have fewer law clerks to assist with research and to help prepare decisions which directly impacts their ability to deliver decisions in a timely manner. The extended backlogs in approximately forty of the state’s courthouses have forced clerks and registers to reduce public hours of operation in order to get caught up on paperwork.
In the early part of this year both of them had parental rights terminated making them available for adoption.
It’s still very early days for the Kindle and epublishing, pricing at the moment is all over the place. We can’t blame a new author for having a go. Why should a manuscript someone has spent a year or two sweating over hide unread on someone’s hard drive when it could be enjoyed on someone’s Kindle?
*Do you have an extra refill of your prescriptions in your 72 hour kit? It's terrifying to imagine running out of the things you take every day. Also, the thought of my kids getting sick and not having enough Children's Advil and/or Tylenol made me pretty nervous until I verified we had some of each.
I am all over the map with music. Right now, I am really obsessed with Lana Del Rey. I love her husky 1960s-sounding voice and the video montage for Video Games is so deliciously vintage. I'm also a sucker for any sort of vintage jazz music. Here are four more I love and that we had to have at our wedding:
"Don't be stupid. How could I do that?" replied another with brown hair and brown beard.
A genuine masterpiece about tyranny and control from a writer who may only have produced two novels in his long lifetime but who made sure they were both in their own ways completely brilliant. This novel examines the symbiotic relationship between a man who is clearly Jewish (though never named as such) in 1930's Germany (though this is never made explicit) and the leader, or adversary, (clearly Hitler though again he is not named) who tyrannises him. Brave in its hypotheses, brutal in its psychological insights and honesty, this novel is a classic because it manages to be about all situations in which one group makes a pariah of another. Indispensable.
In my experience, truly wondrous beers don't take their time revealing themselves: you know as the first sip rushes into your mouth. (Thereafter they typically reveal further layers of complexity.) I have had experiences with a few that are instantly revelatory: Saison Dupont, BridgePort IPA, Fuller's ESB. Add the Perfect Storm.
In THE CAPTAIN'S LADY, Captain Richard Gaines is going to America, and Penny asks him to deliver a package to Amanda.
What a fascinating life and great insight to the merits of public life. Keep your head down, don't rock the boat and one day you'll be clad in ermine. Obviously to claim a bit of gravitas for posterity, Clark claimed he was shunted from his role writing the White Paper on Freedom of Information, because he shunned the
I came back a different way from Ripon because I suddenly remembered something about this time of the year. In one of the villages my different route passes through, there is a row of bungalows for the elderly and each year the front gardens are a delight.
The whole deprivation has led to the people of Bundelkhand to demand a separate state so that they can take the matters into their own hands and not have to rely on the hierarchies of the government. This way they can undertake economic activities that will benefit them and would ensure that the money meant for them from the center actually reaches them.
Who are these people that he keeps talking about?
The A-Z Challenge has been going strong so far! For Day 4, the letter D:
By Chris Keall.
The Cafe is being sponsored this week by Lawn Fawn... such cute, whimsical images. I have a soft spot for Kelly Marie - she was one my very first blog friends and I am so proud of her incredible successes. I used the Say Cheese set on my book page - {love} the Polaroid frame! You have the opportunity to win your own Lawn Fawn goodies by participating this week in the Cafe - don't miss out on a great opportunity to add some of this cuteness to your stamping stash!
Puck Connolly is a girl on the verge of womanhood. Newly orphaned she’s facing losing her eldest brother, the bread-winner, to the call of the mainland and losing her home to the wealthiest man on the Island. Armed with strength of spirit, fear of suffering yet more loss, and her mother’s pony, Puck makes the rash decision to become the first woman ever to enter the Scorpio Races.
‘Yes, sir.’ Mac wondered who was standing behind him in the dark. When the shot would come.
5. David Comes To Life
Poems are like birds, the words fly free;
2- Embellishments
a headache a backache a stomach ache a pulled muscle in the left upper shoulder follow the wave of tendon to the wall of neck. my stress goes. where does it come? on your tits! the tsunami of stress is foul mouthed. illiterate. ignorant. small. meta.
I don’t know. It’ll depend on whether the crappie biting I suppose.
since it's getting a major overhaul in our new territory.
- Combat skills*
I felt weak for “cheating,” going off product when I want to stay on product-only for Phase 1 of the program, but tried not to indulge in an orgy of self-recrimination. That never helps. Best to enjoy it, adjust and move on, right? And I didn’t go crazy then and say WTH, I’ll have the beans, rice, tortilla and ice cream too! And let’s go buy some snacks for the tent later on (as in the old days) while I’m at it.
when the river runs dry
If you’re anything like me then you will agree that wearing makeup all day can make your face feel dirty and weighed down. All too often though we are too tired and lazy to take our makeup off, thus causing breakouts and clogged pores. Of course a majority of girls won’t admit to this, but hey… I will! Noxzema is a brand that seems almost n0n-existent to the beauty world, but I’ve been using this facial cleanser ever since I was a tween. Soaps are too harsh and getting out your daily soapy face wash is just… too much work haha. Well, I’ve got a solution for you that will make your face feel amazing and it will only take 30 seconds of your time. Good bye dirt, oil, and makeup!
To see who's real and a fake when I look at a strangers cracked reflection.
–attacks fire even if out of range
I like this house rule a lot for solo adventures, especially with the additional use to soak up damage that may otherwise kill a character. Of course if that character were still fighting, the loss of personal adds from the reduced Luck attribute would likely mean that the player is just delaying the inevitable. But if the damage were delivered by a trap or other one-time mishap rather than a MR300 troll repeatedly hitting you in the head with a club, this would be an excellent use of luck. Sacrificing Luck to make a Saving Roll may prevent injury altogether, or death in extreme circumstances. But again, one would have to use this option wisely because sooner or later you'll need to make a Luck saving roll.
Alex: Alex begins the episode by having his intern Morgan (not Megan!, played by Amanda Fuller) following him around, quizzing him for his oral surgical boards. He’s fairly indifferent to her as a person, so the point that when she collapses, he learns he’s the only one who didn’t know she was 24 weeks pregnant. He does however diagnose her aortic dissection in time to get her into surgery. Arizona tasks him with calling her boyfriend instead of scrubbing in, but is irritated that he still can’t Morgan’s (not Megan!) name right. When the surgery goes south, Alex is told to scrub in, but he does take a moment to take the boyfriend’s call. Afterwards, Morgan (not Megan!) is OK, but the premature baby is intubated. Alex expresses his guilt over his lack of personal knowledge to Arizona, and wonders if he should even get the pediatric fellowship. Arizona comforts him, saying the peds is hard core, but he should still learn names. Alex ends the hour keeping Morgan company at her bedside (and studying for his exam).
Although the winners were chosen at random, I did look at every single board, and gleaned a lot of great ideas for my garden, yummy recipes for my kitchen, and some great craft ideas. You didn’t know I had an ulterior motive here, did ya?!
Furthermore, would I offer my unsolicited advice, when it was just that - unsolicited?
Musical performance by Carnaval Kids! 10 – 10:30
- Georgia Douglas Johnson
Free of wants, but not of needs;
But Jesus definitely suggests some sort of judging is wrong, so what was He talking about? Well, if you really want to know, never read a Bible verse. To determine the meaning of a single verse, you must read the surrounding verses. Context is king. When we look at the rest of Matthew 7, we actually discover Jesus doing the very thing most Christians think He has forbidden.
*sigh* So, I lost the race... me and these 3 awesome mama's were all due within a week of each other and we joked about who would go first. Well, Im the last one still standing... Ms. Rozzlyn is just hanging out... cookin' away... I just wanted to take a second to introduce the 3 cutest baby girls on earth :)
Near the Dead End there is a massive graffiti-covered squat beneath an overpass. It used to be a huge stable with a giant hall in the center where you could ride horses and take riding lessons. The complex is now a co-op of various groups that stage film screenings, music events, parties and there is probably a communist lending library.
Stage three: The noodles are done! Drain them, and then return them to the pan with the eggy mixture. Put everything back on the heat and stir so that the eggy mixture scrambles and cooks onto the noodles. This will take about a minute. And now you’re done! Eat.
Tuesday - 5 mile speed run on treadmill (9pm)
I added the (conceived and)
Odds: 250-1
Series or Stand-Alone: Stand-Alone
- Bake in the preheated oven for 15 to 20 minutes.
but of course there is the question of soil and light conditions
Figure 1 shows that elevated inflation does often go hand-in-hand with strong GDP, falling unemployment and a reduction of debt-to-GDP but sharp spikes in inflation can also have a detrimental effect.
Tell us one thing you want to do but don't dare do it.
You had retreated further into your mind.
(Side note: We watched the movie The 5 Year Engagement. Review: Not the romantic comedy you might be used to and maybe a little long yet it doesn’t drag at all..in the end I enjoyed it. Truly, I did.)
“But my views do not register with all the other black men”
Sometimes comfort food is necessary. Sometimes, you get home from work and it’s late and all you want to do is eat and crawl under a blanket on the couch with the TV remote. When these times happen, a dinner that is quick and easy to prepare always wins. For me and Eric, one of our go-to meals for when we’re lazy (or haven’t been to the grocery store in a while) is grilled cheese sandwiches. I know the traditional grilled cheese is usually served with a steaming bowl of tomato soup, and that’s pretty tasty, but we prefer to enhance the sandwich itself – with apples!
A few days ago I read a most inspiring post from my fellow blogger Kathy Plashley, I hope you’ll take the time to read her post at the above link. Her post reminded me of how when you follow God’s path he truly does work in such amazing ways.
1. How did you get started in jewelry?
Thanks to both Quantum Victoria and Melbourne Planetarium for hosting these sensational nights.
Strangely, California has been under a lot of clouds lately, very unusual in Summer. The temperature dropped to mid 70's and it is breezy in the morning and at night, but it's all perfect in the afternoon. I always try to sneak in some walk around the office building around 4pm when I have the time, just to enjoy the sun.
‘Forgotten wh...’
I think it has to be a song that I like, but also a song that will do the job, showing what you do in the context of a familiar piece of music. There are certainly songs that I like that wouldn't be suitable covers. I've tried covers that haven't been finished because they didn't work.
Are there plenty of story twists and surprises? There are a fair amount, a bit less than previous books but a lot of character development and the relationships between different characters happens.
1 lb Chicken-Apple Sausage*
Lace is one of my favorite materials (ahem enough to make my own alencon lace waltz length veil because I had to have it and couldn't afford it!) I am so glad that it is making a resurgence in the last few years. Of course there are the classic design houses like Valentino which make exquisite lace dresses in their own lace motifs. But retailers like Ann Taylor are also doing a fabulous job at making modern lace apparel. Ann Taylor has created a few lace dresses for spring with modern draping (seriously I love the chiffon overlay) and in lovely colors like bright yellow or traditional black. You may have to check out some styles in store because these pieces are selling fast!
37Now warm in love, now with'ring in thy bloom,
The piece details how the CDF issued a doctrinal warning to the LCWR in 2001 but was continually put off by seemingly endless talk of talking—that is, "dialogue" and "conversation", also known as "buying time" and "stonewalling" in the real world. And all at the service of continuing to reject Church teaching, ignore legitimate authority, and actively promote dissent:
Obviously to do this, you need double the amount of nappies used in a single day (one set being used; one set being washed/dried). Initially this could be expensive to purchase that many cloth nappies, but over the course of a nappy-wearing child, (about 3 yrs?) you will save approximately $2000 compared to using disposables!! That in itself is enough incentive for me to use the cloth system. And of course, my baby will have the lovely soft feeling of bamboo on his bottom :-D
Toll Free: 1-866-377-3122
“It is a taboo subject,” McKinty agrees. “In fact, the whole Troubles era is still a taboo. I had a conversation with a BBC NI producer once, we were discussing a potential commission. He was completely aghast when I told him that I wanted to do something about the Troubles. ‘That’s all behind us now, we want to look to the future,’ he said. Well, it isn’t behind me. I’ll never forget those days.
It’s also hilarious how the film (and Bella) ignores the fact that Edward is over 100 years old, and still loitering in high schools. “He’s seventeen” say the audience. THE FUCK HE IS. A few years ago, a paedophile was arrested for taking classes with a bunch of children. He looked like a child too. Twilight advocates paedophilia. Expect to see Eclipse or New Moon directed by Roman Polanski.
The racing began well, although much of it is a blur to me. I sometimes become anxious and nervous before Jonathan races, and it’s hard to focus on what’s going on around me. A few things stand out, though:
Viaggiatore and I have used it several times to learn and remember the geography in this area of the world.
i never thought i would be that person to be so attached to a dog to even consider a surgery. i've been around dogs my entire life, but i've never had to put a dog down that was only 8 weeks old. so far, this is the hardest thing i've ever had to do.
The fireplace was created by friend Dan and his crew. They placed cultured stone over top the existing brick, created a mantel and beefed up the corbels to give the room an impressive focal point.
What inspired you to write Wild Water?
1½ dl cream
Confidential invoices show how she took charge of paying for expensive wines and luxury airline flights for Mr Livingstone and his entourage.
Avene Eau Thermale
and screwdrivers will spin without making a sound.
I was umming and ahhring for ages about what colour and finish to go with though eventually settled for a warm grey.
That thou shalt like an airy spirit go.
silence erupts
Drag yourself out of your public holiday pyjamas and make it to a parade (remember, they can't see your support from your couch, and it means so much to them.)
Stan Musial and Barry Bonds (who may be the best of all-time, except for steroids) were iconic left fielders, but even they cannot touch the "Splendid Splinter." Ted Williams, who roamed in front of the Green Monster for the Red Sox from 1939-1960, may not have been just the greatest left fielder of all-time, but the greatest hitter of all-time. His offensive statistics rank among the best ever despite the fact that Williams missed almost five full seasons to military service.
Meanwhile, the loss of the daily traffic of 500 trucks worth of food, fuel, and weapons from the Pakistani port of Karachi through the Torkham and Chaman border crossings into Afghanistan, though little publicized in US media, has undermined the fighting capability of US and NATO forces.
Thank you for playing along!
North Dakota
Initiate communication. Throughout the center selection process and during the first few weeks after enrollment, parents will respond well to the follow up actions you take to show that you care. I like to quote, “People don’t care how much you know until they know how much you care”. Good follow up that is well-timed and of value to the parents helps them feel you have their child’s and their own interests at heart. It builds confidence, and confidence sells.
PS: Seriously, go listen to the Rupp show. They’re killing it.
‘The Waltz King’ comes to DVD as part of ‘The Disney Generations Collection’, a DVD-R made on demand collection , offered exclusively at amazon.com.
The autobiography of Roy Keane
I'm hoping this is just a phase and we grow out of it. Of course, he may grow out of it but I know we won't successfully make it unless I keep up with punishments and time outs.I'm open to suggestions from moms of boys who survived or are surviving the younger years.
The narrative core of this parsha, however, is the finding of a wife for Isaac. I’m going to discuss this in greater detail next week, but there’s a rather stunning and distressing passivity to Isaac, in that he figures primarily in stories where he, himself, is not the active agent, but other people are going about their plans with and throguh him. The binding was the obvious example, in that despite traditions holding that he was a man full-grown, he hardly does anything in the text, meekly following his father. Here, too, we see what seems to be his autonomy completely ignored: he gets basically no input into his own marriage. Abraham instead sends his steward, pledging him to find a son from Abraham’s own people (fun fact: such a pledge included, at the very least, touching the thigh, and possibly even the testicles). Every time I’ve read this story or summations of it, it’s been my impression that the servant in question is Abraham’s faithful majordomo, Eliezer. But his name’s not mentioned here! Nor, in fact, much of anywhere else — the only place we see that name in the Abraham narrative is back in 15:2. If this is the same person at this point, he must be getting on in years, since at least 51 years have passed since the events of Chapter 15.
I hope we get chickens.
The one thing that ties all these seemingly random places to each other is the road itself. The road is the thread that runs through the national narrative, linking all the people and places we encounter along the way. When you get off the main road, as Steinbeck advocated, you discover the individuality of the places and people outside the world of Wal-Mart and McDonalds. Out here, nothing is standardized. Each state, each community, each character, is an individual and proud of it. This seems to be a linking theme in our rediscovery of America. Steinbeck observed it too: “Every safe generality I gathered in my travels was cancelled by another.” (120) America is a nation of misfits.
Siri, as stated through the Apple’s website, “is a personal assistant that helps you get things done just by asking.” However, and I quote, “Siri is currently in beta and we’ll (Apple) continue to improve it over time.” So basically, it hasn’t been completed yet and still being developed with the help of users who use it, such as me.
So … what did I love about Santa Fé? (Besides the turquoise jewellery, that is?) Let’s see: the wonderful cinnamon colour of the tiered adobe buildings, with their flat-topped roofs and rounded corners and protruding support-beams (or vigas) throwing shadows in the sinking sun. The little lights (like candles in small brown paper bags), called farolitos, lining the flat roofs in the winter months.
Brooklyn Brown Ale. One of my original favorites right after college. Very smooth taste because of it being a brown ale. It is obviously closer to an amber flavored beer, which helps with it being less bitter than that of a pale ale. Easy to recommend this beer to anyone.
Beer of the Day: Sawtooth by Left Hand Brewery
Challenge 15: July 15
3. Leave a DIRECT LINK to your creation via Mister Linky by the due date-July 7, 2010.
I AM FLEXIBLE AND ADAPTABLE
And raped the spirit he was supposed to nurture
everyone will run and hide ‘neath tree and log.”
GameMaker (GM) is a point-and-click engine used to create action games such as platformers and shooters. People can design games with this engine if they have no programing knowledge, or if they have scripting ability they can use the built in script editor.
Troubles
I’ve been reliably informed by my critics here at home, that I should not add a colour wash as a background. I think they are probably right, any additional colour may take away from the very delicate pink of the cherry blossom.
I always hugged my children a little tighter when I made it home safe on those particular days and thanked the universe immensely for keeping me alive to see another sunrise…er, let’s make that ‘another sunset’ as my supportive spouse just pointed out I am fast asleep when the sun actually rises, so I shouldn’t lie in my blog!!!
Click image for a larger view:
And then there’s Performance Applause, which is the kind that I think Tinkerbell thrives on. The kind that you hear when you’re standing on a stage, whether you’re like me and in the chorus or the lead, and there are five hundred people clapping because of something you were part of. It’s the kind that makes you smile bigger than you ever have before. It is without a doubt the best kind of applause there is, and I don’t think people who aren’t in performing know it.
Had: We split two pies: a white pie with a creamy artichoke sauce, roquette and shaved Parm, and the other pizza, with sauce and mozzarella and grilled veggies.
The big massive cause of my bad day is stress!
I don’t wish to constantly sift the grains of sand only to bury to the bottom of the waters of life and get stirred at the slightest touch of the wind.
As a single parent, I am busy. As a single parent of mostly teenagers, I am not as anchored to the home as I have been in the past, and we do the fair amount of communicating in passing that many families with teenagers do. It seems that they did not catch on to my overnight emergency plan to demand less while strategizing the next move. In retrospect, I should have posted a sign at the least. "Please Unload Your Insoluble Fiber Elsewhere" may have been expedient. Unfortunately, they did not read my mind nor imitate it with their own logic, and I discovered a quite loaded bowl this morning, just prior to showers for church, the planned tour of the city festival, etc.
I also based a bit of Drew in Crystal Clear on Bryan.
is character; and obeyed, it is power.
“Oh my God…”
Getting immune is not only for guests. MDs also undergo a similar process. A newbie MD would tend to be all thumbs as well and wouldn’t know how to deal with certain scenarios. A first time MD would tend to get surprised a lot as well.
Sounds simple, doesn't it? But no matter how much I desire to have every one at home all the time, it just isn't possible. Jeff must travel to work each day and, as we are a two car family with four drivers, at least three days a week he must come home for lunch to pick up Jordan. Jordan works with his dad so they at least are together while away from home!! ; ) That means, though, that Jeff is able to eat at home on those days, so it does offset his eating away from home expenses. For years I packed his lunch daily, but he really likes to get out of the office and see some blue sky and greenery instead of the four walls of his office. He usually comes home even on days that Jordan doesn't work so he can visit with us, but every week usually brings a business contact that he has lunch with or he meets with one or two men and lunches with them.
4. HOW SERIOUS A 'LIBERAL' MISSIONARY ARE YOU?
Directions- The objective of the game is to get the most points by answering questions about St. Valentine and St. Valentine’s Day. After studying and discussing this subject, divide the class into teams and have the students come up with questions. Set an egg timer for a specified time. Have a player roll the die on the floor in front of the class. If the die lands on a blank space, they do not answer a question. If the die lands on “?”, they are asked a question by the other player or team. If the player answers correctly, they receive a point (you can use tokens, write it on the board, etc.). If they are not correct, they do not receive a point. Players must collect as many points as they can. The game is over when the egg timer goes off. Whoever has the most points, wins. You can play this game individually or in teams. For an added challenge, you can also have “Lose 1 Point” and “Take 1 Point” on one or a couple of the sides of the die. When a player rolls “Lose 1 Point”, they must lose 1 point. If a player rolls “Take 1 Point”, they may take a point from any player they choose.
Not yet, at least.
ZA. I have traded the sun, the lapa, the swimming pool and the Sunday
In addition, exercise releases adrenaline, serotonin, and dopamine which work together to make you feel good, and it decreases stress hormones such as cortisol.
Not sure what to do with the grapes but sharing them would be a good start.
As I type the wife is running around the apartment, deciding which of her countless pairs of shoes she won't be packing for the trip back to Australia next week.
All that matters in the world
"Karena, what are you doing by taking on all these strenuous events? You are on maternity leave!" he says.
Contrast the above to this second student who has clearly found the right formula and put the numbers into the correct spot, but can’t use a calculator properly or recognise that the answer the calculator has given them is totally wrong. This is a student with very little understanding of the question or of the concept. A “formula” driven student who has probably experienced some success in the past but is totally out of sorts when asked something outside their comfort zone.
Availability : Limited, yearly special release
I love back-of-the-book postage stamps: airmail, special delivery, postage due. My parents are cleaning house and gifted me with a large box of used stamps on paper, originally from my grandma's house. I spent all my spare moments last week sorting, and this is one of the treasures I discovered. Until I saw this, I was not aware of the existence of Special Handling postage stamps. These appear to have a Washington D.C. cancel but no date included on the snippet of packaging.
I don't really know how I'm feeling, I'm just looking forward to life you know? I just want to get out there and live and show people that yes, I am responsible and I can have a good life. Hard work will let me have that, I'm actually learning this because of the work out I do. You only get the things you want when you sweat. You can't screw evertyhing you worked for just for something you want now. Our dreams keep us awake and get us to do the things to get up there. I want to be able to say "Hey, I made it, you can make it too!". Life is beautiful, if it wasn't complicated it would be boring.
A youth needs as much support as a young child. I would say- perhaps even more. They need you to be there for them if not always physically, definitely emotionally.
So the next day, he took all his courage and went to the store. He bought a CD like he did everyday and once again she went to the back of the store and came back with it wrapped. He took it and when she wasn't looking, he left his phone number on the desk and ran out...
Let me say, before I start spouting off a laundry list of prods that products you use today may not be ones that you will use in the future. For instance, when I first started my natural journey, I wore a lot of gel in my hair. It was short, gel help to define my curl pattern and gave me the look I desired. Now that my hair has grown, I hardly ever use gel (unless I’m creating a precision style). There other prods that I value and use more. Most of you naturalistas know exactly what I mean. Those of you newbies will soon find out.
After the first attempt of making seaweed jelly with coconut milk, I’ve been thinking of other alternatives to make the jelly more interesting, and yet not complicated. The first idea popped up in my mind to add in grass jelly cubes. With black-colored grass jelly, I can eliminate other colorings, and I’m able to add patterns to the jelly. A stone to kill two birds.
Comparable
That's part of the reason I haven't been blogging. Mostly I'm just lazy, but gardening has been taking up a lot of my time and energy.
Som stopped crying long enough to listen to their proposition. They asked that she only massage one man before agreeing to do anymore. If she was up to it, then she could move onto the second, etc. but it was totally up to her. That was more to Som’s liking. She was in control and would determine the extent of her energy as she progressed with the massages. Som was no more than 5 feet tall weighing less than 90 pounds so Som expected to do one or two massages at best.
Moreover, in this context, it makes for more than a passing curiosity that some of the earliest references to music come from spiritual texts. The “rain dances” of the Native Americans, the Nuo dances of China … all performance art that highlight a societal desire to communicate with a higher power. The Pyramids of Giza, Stonehenge, the Leaning Tower of Pisa… all structures that may serve as testaments to a human need to reach for the heavens. History of our art is saturated with references to the Divine – however a particular society chooses to define or manifest the “Divine.”
and your mother is asleep;
The main program was only single stream but there was a lot of quality on offer. One of the highlights was Prof Meghan Gray from Nottingham Uni. talking about Dark Matter. She seemed to pitch it just right for the audience. I got a lot of good stuff down in the notebook, salted away for later use once the subconscious has had time to turn it into something
I think I like this better.
(Anwaar and Fareda exit. Lights out. Professor Rashib exits.)
I’m not sure I agree with his ungallant remark. Victoria may appear horribly undernourished for a woman who can afford to keep her larder well-stocked, but she has done her duty as a wife and mother, producing a healthy brood of four. The proof of the oven is whether it has room for the pudding.
Writter: Tony Daniel
Happy Friday! Hope you are having a great start to the weekend. Today I have another all occasion card to share. This card is made with a Baby Bud digital image. Just love those Baby Buds. This pretty fairy card went to my girlfriend in her card order.
(1) Compensation for landlords. Landlords and their associated supports, eg banks and property agents, are being disadvantaged because contracts agreed on an open market basis are being intruded upon and changed in a way which will reduce the value of the landlord’s asset. All to assist the economy and ensure we are a competitive country. So might there be some way in which this mandated sacrifice might be compensated? I think there is, but it won’t unfortunately be an upfront lump-sum because the State can’t afford that. But on an ongoing basis, the State can act to reduce certain taxes or levies which would provide landlords with a share of the increased national wealth generated by having a more competitive factor of production. It was interesting to hear yesterday that NAMA apparently lobbied the Department of Finance in May 2010 on this issue. I wonder how such an approach today would be viewed through the prism of the NAMA Code of Practice on the conduct of NAMA officers which forbids lobbying of the sort set out under section 221 of the NAMA Act – on a strict reading of the Act, NAMA would probably be okay but would this sort of lobbying be contrary to the spirit of the Act?
Stir that salt in....
Thank God Mike doesn't like creme brulee b/c if I was making this at home... oh Lord, let's not think about those arteries...
However, I just didn’t enjoy it. I wasn’t all that interested in the main character Reed, and found her to be too wrapped in things I personally find very young and unimportant; for example, several times she wonders why one of her exes, who now has a girlfriend, hasn’t gotten in touch with her while she’s on holiday with the girls, even though she’s with someone new herself. There were just a lot of eye-rolling moments for me, and I didn’t relate to anyone. They were the type of people I avoided when I was at school; not necessarily the nasty girls, but just the type I had nothing to say to, and vice versa.
6) "My bad!" . Every time I hear this it's synonymous with "I'm a f*cking idiot, please hurt me!!" and it makes me want to give you a swirly to put out the flames because you're probably dumb enough to have just said "yer fired".
and have been here all weekend....snuggled up in my pj's with my hubby and my cats...
CEO Phil ‘Hopeless’ Clarke has meanwhile announced his 2012-13 strategy to turn Tesco round: spending £500M on store facelifts and more staff in order to “reconnect with the customer”. Go to the Shop Tesco section here at The Slog for further evidence of why Tesco really doesn’t connect with customers. Apparently it’s something to do with cheating them.
Also while I'm here, anyone in the Redhill/Sutton area, am signing copies of The Summer Season at Redhill Waterstone's on 16th July at 11am and Sutton Waterstone's on 16th July at 1.30pm. If you're in the area, do come and call!
I would urge you to consider buying it if you ever wanted to elevate your own images to a more professional level. We discuss everything from simple lighting with natural light to shooting in the commercial environment. We also discuss the business of photography, how to deal with clients and how to bid on jobs.
“No and stop making me repeat myself. When I say dance, you dance” His voice was now angry.
drugs, to radiation?
The music – most of which was composed within the last decade – will include works selected from a national call for scores that resulted in more than 30 submissions from across the U.S.
But it was not meant to be. Bachelor #1 wasn’t much of a bachelor. He claimed that his marriage was not a happy one. Well, who better understood that than me?! Unfortunately, in his case that translated to this: He was happy here (*points to head*) …and happy here (*points to heart*)…but wasn’t happy HERE (*points to crotch*) … Not quite the same situation. And so that was that. Fireman broke my heart a little. I jumped headlong into something and, pardon the pun, I got burned. It was a valuable lesson to learn.
It was the only thing we wanted then,
4. Cap off your post with a compelling headline. I think all of my headlines are compelling, especially this one
Sc in third chain from hook. Sc in next chain, hdc in next 2 chains, dc in next 4 chains, hdc in next 2 chains, sc in next 4 chains, 3sc in last chain.
Most of all, I am thankful for the opportunity to be me. I am grateful that I am able to see my family when I want, love whom I choose, live where I want, interact with animals, speak my mind, read about everything, and keep the faith. I know that many people don't feel comfortable expressing who they are because of where they live or who they live with. I am thankful to have been blessed with a pretty good life, overall, and the opportunity to be me — flaws and all!Happy Thanksgiving!
I had so much fun making this explosion box, so a big thank you to Cindy for providing such wonderful inspiration. I'll be giving this to my mom on Thanksgiving so she can enjoy it early and fill it up as the holiday season progresses. :o)
Save the date: 10 and 11 September is scheduled for the INTA Design Protection Conference, which will take place at the Radisson Blue Falconer Hotel, Denmark. Further details can be obtained from the INTA website here, from which you will learn the following:
“Say that I was a drum major for peace. I was a drum major for righteousness. And all of the other shallow things will not matter.”
June 11 - June 25 - Paul Perrier
3 grown
I can't be the first BrooklynBlogger (hey can a bklynblogger get an invite to the ball?) to mention the unwanted cascading waterfall that is the southbound Prospect Park Station of the Q, B & Shuttle.
it’s about a girl named yoon ai who does really well in school but is actually poor since her mom died and her dad left town, leaving them with a lot of debt. one day, she hears a rumor that at the abandoned amusement park there’s a magician who lives there and is supposedly crazy. soon, she runs into the magician herself and everything about her life starts to turn around.
Hermosa Beach, CA
I’d like to be ten again. I think it was when I watched Dalek in the first series that I first thought that. Watching that final scene where the mutant inside the machine realises the bigness of life and that it would have to stop being a Dalek to cope with it. But it realised that this conflicted with its prime motive in life: to be a soldier to advance the Dalek race. Big stuff done big.
4. Bunkhouse Bugle Boy
I am sitting in the comfy chair, reading and hoping to sleep pain free tonight. Good luck with that.
Written in my book… “Tom – what can I say… a challenging inspiring force you are!”
Please see the buyer reviews and ratings of Pocket Wizard Bundle With 2 Flex Transceivers TT5 -801150, Mini TT1 Transmitter -801140 & G-Wiz Trunk Bag -804712 For Canon DSLR Cameras in the merchant’s site by click on the link below.
Eternal
Well I would suggest that you go and tell her father what you have now discovered and that the boys father is happy that no charges be laid against his daughter if he reconsiders the charges against his son.
A “Flock Of Seagulls” shit on me
How I love my friends.
Next Post: A couple quick ideas for jazzing up quinoa, from the days when I was first experimenting with this grain 20 years ago!
...we will also try our best to eat nice, balanced meals while we're there but something tells me this may not happen the entire time we're there...I know we've ordered a delicious b-day cake for our boy, so maybe just one slice?
“The tables now show expected and actual performance for low, middle and high-attaining pupils so that schools can be judged on whether they are improving all their students.”
It seems I’ve been away from the blog recently. It wasn’t intentional, but I’ve only posted 5 times since Valentine’s Day!
Sausage Rolls
As for characters, the author defined each character differently making wants, desires, and needs all different for each character. The biblical version didn’t really delve into the personal lives and feelings of the characters and the author changed that with incredible insight into the lives of women in this situation and women living in biblical times. This author took a well known Bible story and expanded it into a glorious fictitious story.
mother and his sister is still, to this day, hard to
Zinzer primer
Moyo said Malema made it clear that he would be visiting the Zanu-PF because it was 'a revolutionary party'.
Answers. I can explain how that works for me. With one exception, my prayers are answered this way… I seek guidance. I get no guidance. I make a decision on my own. I take action and then and only then do I discover if I made the right decision. I get a feeling of confirmation or an overwhelming feeling of “no don’t do that.” That is if I am paying attention, and listen.
I asked my sister if she got the email from Mitzi, and she said she was talking to her on the phone. That Mitzi was at work in California. Apparently lots of people in the family called her.
This morning I had a young man of about twenty-five come up to me. He was tall, good looking, dressed casually in jeans and a ski jacket. I was a little startled by his first words. "I need to find a book that will teach me how not to be an asshole", he said bluntly. I must have looked a bit quizzical because he immediatly continued, "You see my girlfriend tells me I'm an asshole. She is threatening to leave me. My boss has told me something similar before and even friends. I know its true and I don't want to be that way, so I need a book. Can you suggest something? I don't know where to start."
Boil kettle
The standards appear in the third edition of a publication formerly known as the ‘Red Book’, which is widely used by healthcare professionals in the UK to improve care of children in emergency settings. This latest edition, renamed ‘Standards for children and young people in emergency care settings’, is unique in containing not only guidance, but also specific standards against which healthcare providers can be measured.
Winners NEVER quit, and quitters NEVER win. (Vince Lombardi)
The IIS is pleased to welcome 48 new students on its Graduate Programme in Islamic Studies and Humanities (GPISH) and its Secondary Teacher Education Programme (STEP). The students, who joined these postgraduate programmes in late 2011, represent the diversity of Ismaili communities in both background and origin, coming from Canada, France, India, Iran, Pakistan, Syria, Tajikistan, Tanzania, UAE and the USA.
I didn’t have enough white sugar to make regular bread and butter pickles one time and found this recipe that uses cider vinegar and brown sugar. It is now my favorite bread and butter recipe. I am known to stand in the front of the refrigerator and just eat the pickles right out of the jar! The pickling spices are the same as regular bread and butter pickles, except for the addition of the turmeric. And, the turmeric gives them a nice golden color.
01 Cheers (0:42)
Scientists fear larviciding is expensive, requiring the use of many specialists and local volunteers who could be better deployed elsewhere. It has to be repeated regularly, and often proves ineffective because it is difficult comprehensively to identify and destroy mosquito eggs. Insecticide-treated bednets can last longer, both killing mosquitoes and protecting people from the bites of those that survive.
Her photos are beautiful:
Tell me in your kind sweet prose
or you may choose just one favorite bag design
CB: Top fave photo you've taken to date?
► reasonably priced
Azmin Ali, the PKR deputy chief, can brace to be pinpointed for inciting demonstrators by allegedly asking whether they wished to sit on the Dataran padang.
Occasionally when I’m performing, someone with a dream of their own will pull me aside and tell me that they wish they could do what I do. The catch is that they say they could never sing in front of people. When this happens, all I do is give them a big smile and say, “I used to say the same thing myself.”
People: these dishes’ signature, Sichuan peppercorns, contain THC! The psychoactive ingredient in cannabis!”The psychoactive ingredient in marijuana is tetrahydrocannabinol (THC). A couple other plants make THC in smaller amounts, most notably the Szechuan peppercorn, hwa-jhou.”
Many service users are very vulnerable, so placing a responsibility on them to ask for services through the medium of Welsh is unfair.
Free for Social Venture partners; $15 for non-partners. Bring your teen and adult children
2011-05-14 418000
My other half and I are on our own tonight so we’re doing “euuuwee night”. I’m cooking scallops which he can’t stand and he’s manning the flame under the calf’s liver which I consider put the revolt in revolting. Always fun.
Enjoy! And I think this entire meal comes to about $2 a serving, if that!
So far Scotland Yard is looking into 28 allegations of bogus voter registration in London, although the Conservative and Respect parties both say they have highlighted many more. Concerns have been amplified by a flood of new voter registrations in the past few weeks in the run-up to the nationwide deadline on 20 April. Election officials in Tower Hamlets have removed 141 suspect ballots from the register but overall 5,166 new names were received before the deadline with little time to check their veracity.
1389 D-VIII/10/2001. “Abraham Lincoln’s Four Annual Messages to Congress.” Morton Foundation Seminar on Lincoln, Regenstein Library, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
As we draw closer to 9 July 2011, the date set by the Coalition for Clean and Fair Elections (BERSIH) for its public assembly calling for electoral reform, AIM hopes that the Government and the relevant law enforcement authorities will recognise, respect and uphold their duties and obligations to the rakyat. In 2007, 245 people were arrested during the Bersih rally. We hope the nation will not encounter a repetition of such arbitrary mass arrests again.
DROID X – My first toy, in a really long time, where I totally splurged on myself. When I heard about the Droid X, I promised myself I was going to get it and treat myself to a really NICE new item! I LOVE IT!
Again we must re-iterate that we do not have any problem with law abiding, respectful, peaceful Muslims who integrate and contribute positively in society, Muslims who love and respect our country are welcome. The EDL was never set up to discriminate against all Muslims.
Denial.
Ulaan Khol, IIID
No more would we have to wait in line at Starbucks for the man who dropped his wallet, or the senior with the change purse. That 20 dollar bill would no longer go darting across the road on a windy day. Cash-only establishments would be a thing of the past, and you wouldn’t have to begrudgingly pay that collective 5 dollar ATM fee to cover a 10 dollar salad. The Presto card would be nationally accepted, and you wouldn’t wait 30 minutes for a streetcar to find out you didn’t have that last token after all. Doesn’t that sound simple? Doesn’t that sound like the most convenient solution available?
Had Paul been allowed to go on speaking to that great crowd of Jews they, no doubt, would have been the more offended. He was already provoking them to jealousy. Now he was claiming that he was right for the Lord had given him a personal command to separate himself from the Jews and go to the Gentiles.
I want to share this video with you of a beautiful story of God’s love for Lee Ezell. The story has a wonderful surprise ending.
"No, have it your way … the Pacific is greater."
It is not possible to understand these things by experimental knowledge. The scientists can see millions and millions of stars through their telescopes, but they cannot approach them. Their means are insufficient. What to speak of other planets, they cannot approach even the moon planet, which is the nearest. Therefore, we should try to realize how incapable we are of understanding God and God’s kingdom by experimental knowledge. And since getting understanding this way is not possible, it is foolishness to try. Rather, we have to understand God by hearing Bhagavad-gītā. There is no other way. No one can understand who his father is by experimental knowledge. One has to simply believe his mother when she says, “Here is your father.” Similarly, one has to believe Bhagavad-gītā; then one can get all the information.
EQEHF Blog (eqehfblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
yesterday was the third year anniversary of this blog. usually, I like to do something as a little nod to this occasion, but yesterday I guiltily indulged in day-off laziness, instead hanging out at home with my friend Laura, making lentil salad for lunch, filming a couple of stupid videos and listening to The Cure.
Teal basket 1$ at Big Lots
Good Friday!!
Some of the early external facilitation of Nile Basin cooperation by the World Bank focused on issues including the need to “level the playing field” through building national capacity and identifying national priorities, as well as correcting what it saw as “information asymmetry.” A second focus was to move from dialog to actions, within which there was a need to develop dialog on different tracks (for instance, information, capacity, technology) as well as to “start with the achievable and avoid getting bogged down in formulae.” This also sought to recognize that “progress on complex water systems may be slow, but dialog needs to be sustained and trust needs to be established.” Finally there was the aim to “seek opportunities for mutually beneficial programs or projects.” This latter concept of the “win–win” has come to dominate much of the thinking on the NBI, particularly in terms of win–wins in benefit sharing (Hirji and Grey, 1997°
They’re eventually trapped in the hospital with no escape, and horrible things begin to happen to each one of them. The film ’Grave Encounters’ is supposed to be a collection of footage of what later became the TV show’s “final episode,” as well as a number of interviews by key witnesses.
Baked Chicken Strips
Which just means I have to be even more vulnerable which is exciting and scary.
I admit, I am a true procrastinator. I will always put off any job or project as long as I have something more inviting or attractive on my "To Do List". It's the reason the downed tree in the side yard is still only half cut up & removed. "Never put off until tomorrow ... what you can put off until the day after tomorrow". (Or ... longer.)
Not until she stubbed her toe on a large broken clamshell did she look at the beach. A chill snaked up her back. Nothing appeared familiar. The sounds of the surf were still there, yet something was decidedly different. She felt dizzy. Looking around, she could not quite pinpoint the change. Then it struck her.
$97218
Last night we recorded the first one, where members of ExCite, the Exeter Poetry Society Stanza group, were the pioneers/guinea pigs. Lawrence Sail was co-hosting this one, and I was one of the four Westcountry poets to have a poem workshopped by Padel, Sail and an invited audience of about a dozen poets.
Toss cauliflower, leaks, apple, and 1 tablespoon thyme with 2 tablespoon bacon drippings; season mixture with salt and pepper. Spread vegetables evenly on a large baking sheet. Roast on lower rack in oven until cauliflower is golden brown and apples are tender 20-25 minutes.
Freedom looks like a two year old napping from 9 pm to midnight, and then being awake until 3 am, then sleeping until noon (not straight though, mind you). It looks like falling asleep on the living room floor in the middle of playing. It looks the whole family sleeping in one big bed, or one or more of us choosing to sleep elsewhere (like camping out in the living room). It looks like not brushing curly hair for two months, not taking a bath for two weeks. Or it looks like taking three baths in one day. It looks like not being forced to say please and thank you and you're welcome and sorry but still saying those things many times each day. It looks like two little kids getting excited about sweeping the kitchen floor, or the same ones declining to help pick up the contents of a bag of chips spilled on the carpet.
Well, yes. One of my fondest memories is driving up to Hubby’s grandparents, and passing a beautiful dairy farm. The kids would get all excited and yell “COWS, MOMMA!!!” and Hubby would say, “Not cows…LLAMAS!!!” And the kids would look again, and look at him like he was an idiot, and say, “Daddy, those are cows. Llamas have long necks.” And he would say, “Llamas drink beer???” And they would just die laughing at him.
The Jewish Free School school in Brent, is an Orthodox Jewish school and because it was oversubscribed gave priority to children deemed Jewish by birth. The boy was refused entry because his mother had converted to Judaism rather than being born into the faith. The admission of a boy “M” was rejected because “M”'s mother became Jewish by conversion, after M was born. According to Orthodox rules, Jewishness passes through the female line. M, therefore, was not Jewish, and so did not have the right of admission to the JFS.
This story is so unique, so immersive, so compelling that I would have to say yes. The Kindle edition is only three bucks. Used it's around eight bucks. That's a lot for one story, but it's a really good story.
Although I say I believe in not consciously looking for love, I also have to say I know what I want in love now, thanks to the relationships I’ve had.
I doubt that there is one ultimate resolution regarding training and motivation for this particular community. However, the outcome of this documentary potentially provides two types of results:
15. Diving Duck Blues (McDowell) 6:59
An avid listener of Erykah Badu’s music, I extend my respect to her mission (what I perceive of it). This song (and video) came into mind as I was reading a section of my Public Relations slides under the subject of Proactive communications where I came across the idea of campaigns aimed at alerting society to intense issues via the art of nudity. Made taboo since Biblical times, this seems to get people so wired up…no wonder it has garnered such mammoth-esque media attention.
And the talking saved the day. Saved the day, I tell you. Laura stopped in at a Buffalo farm (yes, you read that right) and the owners told her that no, they hadn't seen the cows, but their neighbors down the road had! Laura called me just as I had pulled into my driveway in defeat. She told me she had a lead: there had been a sighting and I should meet her at such and such farm on Campbell Road. According to the buffalo farmers, these people had seen the cows.
“I was single and I was going to explore sexuality,” Mr. Richardson said of the photographs. Ms. Hanson, a congenial 60-year-old, met with the photographer. “He took a lot of pictures of me, flattered me and made me feel good,” she said, adding, “I see how he gets people to take their clothes off.” They agreed to work on another project.
Sometimes these big people try to massage their bigger egos on twitter and it is at this time when a common man can have a laugh at their expense. For example, Vijay Mallya tweeted to appreciate his son’s speech at the ongoing IT Conclave. This is hilarious coming as it does from a man who doesn’t let go of any opportunity to lash out at media for highlighting the woes of his beleaguered KFA. I wonder why nobody has started lampooning his tweets as yet.
Natural makeup with that bit of smokey eye shadow for a bit of a modern edge. I have not been able to play with this range yet, but check naturalNchicMakeup for some great swatches and reviews of the entire range.
-Scarf-H&M (gift from my sis-in-law, Kristen a few years ago)
The URL being requested by GWT looked like this /workItemController/getItems/Some+Item?blah=blah
11. Sirenia - Sirenian Shores
To all the undeserving
May 11 San Francisco, CA AT&T Park
Yoga is such a beautiful art. I call it art; depending on who you talk to it could be exercise, relaxation, meditation, and more. But really you’re practicing an art. the art of stretching and breathing and connecting the two while releasing yourself and letting your mind leave as your breath and body take over. you have to practice, but like art–different days bring different strength and concentration.
Unscrupulous politicians, escalating crime, poor employment prospects and low education standards are behind a growing desire among the country's black youth to leave.
Elizabeth Hill (Con) 183
Please forgive me if I don’t translate this one well – it was a bit hard to read!
What is the Culprit of the Expected Rise in Fraud in 2012?
Adonis, how can I compare to you? You’ve aged with time and I am here nothing but a child.
Today’s society is fast paced and full of busyness. But what are we busy doing? Is it trying to live life with a mission to better ourselves? Any of us who have tried to live this kind of life know that we are never satisfied even when we achieve our goals. Friend, if we have a relationship with Jesus, is it not for us to know justice? If we claim to be a follower of Jesus, we have a responsibility to live a Godly life everywhere we go. God has showed us that life is not about us, it’s about knowing Him, loving Him and loving others. If anyone should know that, it is the body of Christ–those who have been forgiven of their sins. Now that God has blessed us with His forgiveness, He desires that we share His love with others. The world needs us to be an example of living the Bible so that they too are drawn to Christ. They need answers, and for us to say we are “Christians” and live our life in pursuit of personal gain would only be a contradiction to who we say we follow.
Abdul Patel (Lab) 3341
the meaning of life for a tortilla is to wrap”
Petrus Aged Pale Belgium, Sour Ale, 7.3% abv
The most impressive points of the game are down to you regardless – those moments when you say, ‘Did I really just do that?’ What makes Crysis so engaging is the lack of linearity, there are always multiple routes to take, multiple solutions for every problem, ways to work around a seemingly impassable barrier. And they shine through.
Photography is also part of the art that I cover. I’m no expert but I do know a thing or two.
Those wishing to view the celebration can browse the MCA website at http://www.mca.org.my; official Facebook page at http://www.facebook.com/MCAHQ or Ustream Home at http://www.ustream.tv/user/mcatv.
Edit: Lynard Skynard said, “turn it up,” so I did.
We discovered adorable postcard shops in Les Halles and picked up a few souvenirs. We roamed aimlessly at night, along streets illuminated by the soft glow of lampposts, and past the Seine disturbed only by quiet ripples.
An effortless expression
#4 A family Photo Session
Ray Jones Player's Player of the Year - Clint Hill
all of the following and receive votes for it.
Because in real life, being called “fat” or “ugly” in a room full of girls IS hurtful. But often times,we don’t care if we call people names. Because we’d rather be Regina George than that girl who buys super jumbo-sized tampons. We’d rather sit with the cold, shiny, hard “Plastics” during lunch rather than be with the Asian Nerds or the Art Freaks. (Please watch “Mean Girls” if you don’t get it ;-p )
A faint tingle keeps me up at night…
What would I do? Well, I’m already way ahead of you. At an undisclosed location, I’ve got my Underground Doomsday Shelter all set to go. Food. Water. Fuel. Radios. Guns and ammo. Mountain Dew. Beef jerky. Yoo-hoo. All the Star Trek TV episodes and movies on DVD or Blu-ray. The whole thing is surrounded by motion sensors, barbed wire, and Claymore mines. Bring it on, you undead sons a’ bitches; I’m ready for you.
I have plenty to show them, but it's a matter of organizing it all is a way that suitable for presentation. With those five and six year-old kids by my side we've run a marathon of sorts. The starting gun went off in September and the June 29th finish line is within sight. They have a lot to be proud of and showing it off to their parents is always fun.
For abolishing the free System of English Laws in a neighbouring Province, establishing therein an Arbitrary government, and enlarging its Boundaries so as to render it at once an example and fit instrument for introducing the same absolute rule into these Colonies:
5 cardamom pods
Upon reaching the area where we would camp, we pitched our tents and gathered wood for our campfires later that night. Then everyone spent the afternoon playing fun Pioneer games! Here's Zach doing the Stick Pull!
Some of my friends (aka “unsuspecting targets”) are taken aback by the darkness and seriousness of this series, particularly because at first glance the story deals with labor conflicts and social misery so much more serious than that in Downton Abbey. And the clothes, sadly, are just not as luscious. (That latter series seems so much more like a trifle, whereas North & South is more like a hearty boiled pudding.) But it’s the seriousness that ultimately appeals. Also: Mr. Thornton has excellent sideburns, which my new friend Harry has replicated in the weeks following our viewing.
Alright.. it is officially time to start thinking CHRISTMAS IN THE VALLEY. For those who have come in the past... I KNOW you don't want to miss out on this fabulously fun day of amazing DISCOUNT shopping. For those who are new.. GET READY TO BE EXCITED. This is an event you want to be at. Invite your friends, your family, your neighbors. The more, the merrier.
He also has to wear the cone of shame for 10 days, which is just as much fun for him and us as you can imagine it would be. I'm pretty sure I have half circle bruises on my ass from when Kaiser sprints past me without allowing clearance room for the cone. It's annoying but it is hilarious too.
Wearing headphones over her Islamic headscarf, she clapped her hands and smiled as she listened to a translation of Jagland’s introductory remarks.
Another warning about the relationship between expert evidence, inventive step and hindsight was delivered by the Court of Appeal for England and Wales in Apimed Medical Honey Ltd v Brightwake Ltd [2012] EWCA Civ 5, in which that court allowed an appeal against a decision of Judge Michael Fysh QC.
where prestige no longer resides.
Felicity took a step forward, but Petro darted back just as far. ‘Petro, Petro, please,’ said Felicity matter-of-factly, remembering what she wanted to say earlier, ‘rainbows are tricks of the light, when you get closer it will disappear.’
I will be sticking to 26PPs and no weekly PPs until tomorrow. It's not been easy at time because it's not a lot of food. I haven't been able to exercise from having a migraine attack but am hoping I'll see results on the scale on Tuesday. I'll then be introducing my weeklies back in.
However, perhaps what it just as important is the fact that by barring African-American women, HIV/AIDS researchers are damaging their own studies. That is, by not incorporating African-American women into their fields of investigation, scientists are unable to fully understand the mechanisms that operate the HIV virus since the protein on humans’ cells, CCR5, which acts as the main receptor for HIV agents, “has different characteristics in African Americans and women.” Consequently, by confining clinical studies to certain persons the effectiveness of current treatments, like the zinc-protein nuclease, are limited in their capabilities of recognizing the many CCR5 receptors. What this means, then, is that HIV/AIDS treatments will be successful for some (i.e. whites), while useless for others (i.e. African-American women).
therefore i am eager to do exactly so
A decent allowance made to Seedy Swells, Tea Kettle Purgers, Head Robbers, and Flunkeys out of Collar
Additionally, Seacrest continues his ongoing role with E! as Managing Editor of E! News, providing strategic direction for the news organization, as well as occasionally contributing and producing editorial content and high-profile celebrity interviews. He will continue to host and produce E!’s Live from the Red Carpet signature events, which recently delivered its most-watched awards season in the network’s history.
David A. Mykel is returning from a year-long journey to Whistler, British Columbia and currently taking a sabbatical from his 10 year career in jury consulting. He was born in Utica, NY and has lived in New York, Washington DC as well as Dallas, TX before embarking on this trip (his first to Asia and for a charity). His interests include snowboarding, rock climbing, Muay Thai, wakeboarding, surfing and traveling.
JORGE REYES - The Shaman Has Left the Building
"TO THE LETTER"
I wonder what the advert will look like in 20 years time.
Origin and significance
So to share with you my success, and to celebrate my new blog, I've decided to have a giveaway! I love giveaways, just as much as I love blogs! I've actually one a few giveaways. (There are real people on the other side of the Internet!)
6 cups shredded cabbage (about a 2.2 lb fresh cabbage head)
so this surely doesn't apply to me....
Details added with sakura pens
The sun is falling from the sky on rain drops on a leaf
Someone had changed even my security questions, which included my phone number, address, pet's name, etc. So ebay wouldn't let me press on the call me now button. But I finally reached someone and got through to a real person.
This basic entity redemption or cross purchase agreement with term life insurance often is overlooked possibly because it is so simple. But simple sells — especially when the client gets the desired result.
She scrambled to her feet and a look of scorn came over her face. “Oh, it’s you, Robbie Buchanan.”
After some thought, I realized that irritation has become a default emotion. Really, it seems easier to be irritated than to really deal with the sources of irritation. I'm not happy with several areas in my life. The source of my dissatisfaction can be traced to a lack of discipline. But really, who likes discipline? I want to exercise daily, eat well, take care of my loved ones, grow closer to God, live the perfect life, without effort. I don't want to work at it, plan it or force myself to do it.
Her instructor had told her that when a child is misbehaving to ask, "Why did you do that?" Then ask, "What could you differently so this doesn't happen again?" Lastly you ask, "What will you do next time?"
These shelves are pie slice shaped and are about two feet or more wide and that deep.
Lucifer and Leather (extreme left and extreme right) are the only two matte shades, while all the shades in between have various degrees of shimmer. My favorites are Orbi (olive/khaki green) and Downtown (champagne shimmer).
The one I feel like I'm kicking butt on is my get moving resolution. I'm doing a 100 day challenge I read about online. It's simple. Just move 30 minutes a day. Add 30 minutes of exercise that's not part of your daily routine. I've managed to do it every day so far for 18 days. Yay for me! This is the longest I've stuck to any kind of routine exercise and I'm kind of proud of myself.
In this case, I saw a man standing in front of the DJ booth, near the door, with his hoodie pulled down over his face. He seemed to be trying to look at the floor as much as possible so as to avoid eye contact with anyone. Kitty finished up a last-call private dance and headed for the dressing room, which meant walking right past the guy on her way around the stage. He stopped her and whispered something in her ear. She just went to the dressing room and he skulked out.
Two years ago he was just getting up to a good level when he stumbled into the wrong cave. And as a consequence his journey will be more difficult that it ever should have been. Here’s what we know though – he has outstanding potential and he has the makeup to overcome extreme adversity. At present he’s getting by, but before long he will take another step up. I’m sure of it.
Also, during the week preceding the conference, two street art artists occupy the Department of Architecture to create an art project from scratch and the result is for everyone to see, during and after the # pfc2012sim. The curator who selects the guests is Michael Negretti (DJ Glue) of Montana Shop Lisbon , local and central figure in this community.
65g of icing sugar, sifted 91/2 cup)
Miss you all!
I don't know if anyone remembers the little chav/scrote/ned/prick I caught three years back? Y'know the one who was trying to put a firework in the post box that I had just posted Dearest's sick note after her major surgery. Well, Sunday Dearest and I set off for our traditional early evening drinky-poos with our friends, "Ahh I'll post my Amazon DVD Rental disc on the way to the pub."
I understand you have a few other novels in the works. Will this experience affect the way you seek publication for those novels?
I know it isn’t far away
Paneer : 2 cups(cubed)
The movie portrays Mr. Wilson as a whistle-blower who debunked a Bush administration claim that Iraq had tried to purchase uranium from the African country of Niger. In fact, an investigation by the Senate intelligence committee [The bi-partisan committee was unanimous in its findings - Editor] found that Mr. Wilson’s reporting did not affect the intelligence community’s view on the matter [In fact Wilson's report to the CIA bolstered the case that Saddam was trying to obtain more uranium according to that very same Senate Intelligence Committee Report - Editor] , and an official British investigation found that President George W. Bush’s statement in a State of the Union address that Britain believed that Iraq had sought uranium in Niger was well-founded.
The senses deceive, reason corrects the errors; consequently, one concluded, reason is the road to the constant; the least sensual ideas must be closest to the "true world."--It is from the senses that most misfortunes come--they are deceivers, deluders, destroyers.--
I thought I'd make something different, so here's a little live movie of me drawing the winner... Not so serious though... :)
Don’t tell me that it’s all a phase
Friday: Ahi Tuna, Edamame and Rice
When I came to the US, and started my job in the New York area I was faced with long driving distances. I never minded that, I love to drive. It relaxes me, and I had the opportunity to do this outside of regular hours, so traffic jams were not something that really bothered me. I didn’t mind living quite a distance away from my work, I preferred it. It gave me time to unwind when driving home, and time to get in the working mood and wake up in the early morning.
and maybe some of you can relate.
Let me attempt to explain…
Since you are departing Atlanta prior to the new terminal’s opening and returning after its opening, please note the following:
Green Flash West Coast IPA- the pinnacle of American IPA’s
We finally have our Job Hub up and running! After 9 months of prep by the team, HG now has its own one-stop job center. Residents who need jobs, upgrading, employment advice can now drop by Blk 2.**
even acknowledge or teach His Sovereignty but enjoy speaking lie filled tales
Today we set out on 2 hunts for geocaches and had some success. The first one we found at a park not to far from our house and the geocache was hidden under a bench used to seat baseball players. It was a sign and date geocache so for the second hunt we opted to try one with a trinket prize inside. Unfortunately, walking along the river in flip flops and carrying a squirmy baby did not yield in the results we were hoping for.
Women – are the reason we men are late.
And that, my friends, is how we're looking these days. I have to tell you, we are so proud of how our walls turned out. For first timers seaming two walls made of different materials, we feel we did a heckuva job! There are slight imperfections, but they can easily be attributed to the fact that our house is 50+ years old. Just more character adding to the charm of our home, right?
I prepared my oysters with lemon juice, salt and Tabasco. Hynn then gave me one undoctored and I was so bummed I doctored mine. They were incredible just on their own. I made a real piggy of myself slurping and chewing and washing it down with wine.
Verruca Music is his first long prose work as far as I can tell—he calls it a ‘novel’ although I’m a bit of a purist when it comes to word counts—but he really says very little about his writing on his website. He has, apparently, been writing a small amount of verse for the first time in years and several of his poems are up on the Year Zero Writers website: These Days, Sphaeroid, two poems and an untitled poem from the Higgs Boson Anthology. You can hear samples of his music on his myspace page too.
Population Several american numbers are raising (e.g., in Or, The state of nevada, and Arizona). Subspecies altus once different northeast to New You are able to and Ny, but now restricted to a few relict numbers in the Oh and Tn Stream Valleys. Rivalry with house wren thought a significant element in the Bewick’s decrease, but immediate proof for long-term very competitive exemption not confirmed.
So, with that I will start facing more of my fears. What will be next? My fear of commitment and abandonment? I dunno. Stay tuned. More will be revealed.
Oh – did I say it looks like a bear? No – I should have said it looks like a bear no one has seen except in the sky – a bear with a long tail! I don’t know why that is. I assume it is because of the second depiction, which is how Johann Bayer pictured the Great Bear in his “Uranometria,” a breakthrough star atlas published in 1603. Bayer was a lawyer, not a hunter. Maybe he had never seen a bear?
Born in 1885 in the Scottish Highlands, Duncan Grant was introduced to the friends who became known as the Bloomsbury Group through his first cousin Lytton Strachey. Lytton was at Cambridge University and there he met a group of bright young men which included Thoby Stephen, Leonard Woolf, Clive Bell, and Maynard Keynes. These friends, along with Vanessa and Virginia Stephen (who became Vanessa Bell and Virginia Woolf), formed the nucleus of the Bloomsbury Group. Duncan quickly became a well-loved member of this group of intellectuals and artists.
Snacks range from $5.50 tacos to "drunken stones mac prawns" for $14. We go straight for the mac n cheese balls, deep-fried orbs of macaroni and cheese that are served with a side of aioli. Surprisingly we find the macaroni cheese in need of salt, and the aioli is probably oil overkill, but the crust is deliciously crunchy and golden..
However, I have my guesses.
He said, “Tampa.”
Sir Jeremy told the panel: “I regarded our invasion of Iraq as legal but of questionable legitimacy, in that it didn’t have the democratically observable backing of the great majority of member states or even, perhaps, of a majority of people inside the UK.
20ml milk
The contrast between the restored sections and those still in need of work was stark. Blame the missing body parts on the Germans, the French Revolution, and the passage of around 800 years
4. Hotel California
Now don't let the picture scare you. I am a much better cook than I am a photographer. This dip is AMAZING!!! It is good anytime but with the holidays coming up and all the parties and family get togethers you will be involved in believe me you will want to make this. And buy at least 2 bags of the "Frito Scoops" or Tortilla chips because you will become as addicted as I did and won't be able to stop...LOL
Indeed, as M. Zuhdi Jasser, an observant American Muslim and the founder of the American Islamic Forum for Democracy, remarked in an e-mail, “Anyone who believes that Resolution 16’18 is some kind of a breakthrough is sadly being duped by the most obvious Islamist double discourse. The shift from ‘defamation’ to ‘incitement’ does nothing at all to change the basic paradigm where Islamist nations remain in the offense, continuing to put Western, free nations on the defense.”
Day 2: Boarding
From Schoolhouse Gap we took the Scott Mountain trail 3.6 miles further west and higher up. This trail also parallels the park boundary and rises steeply and steadily. Shane and I are both pretty experienced hikers, but this trail about kicked our butts... The nearly continuous climb was rough, but there were some beautiful views into Townsend on one side and Cades Cove on the other. Because most of the trees haven't leafed out yet we could see a long way through the trees. And there were lots of wildflowers starting to peek out.
If you're about swing by Chance Radio from 9, we'd love to hear from you. If you missed last week's Boys and Girls edition fill your goody bag below
BURCKEL E, ASHRAF T, DE SOUSA FILHO JPG, FORLEO NETO E, GUARINO H, YAUTI C, DE B BARRETO B, CHAMPION l. Economic impact of providing workplace influenza vaccination. A model and case study application at a Brazilian pharmachemical company. Pharmaeconomics 1999; 16: 563-576.
4) ABC Sunday Showcase: Oklahoma City Thunder @ Los Angeles Lakers 2:30 pm
In my view, Seinfeld is the probably the funniest sitcom in the history of Television.
The way to get him to squirm and fight is to affirm the shame and humiliation. The more irrational his response, the more his reaction is knee-jerk, the deeper he will sink into the quicksand of my construction. Only by rationality can he escape. His arc goes from idolisation to letting go of his father. And all the pain and misery that this brings.
Amen brothers and sisters! Amen!
Then came the time of the credit card. The credit card and my father. Not the other way around. Maybe it was the very beginning of credit cards because you have to admit the idea of using a plastic card to pay for something is kind of magical. My father thought so- the way he waved that card to the whole family as if it were a magic wand. I think my father thought that the two most magical things in life were pickled herring in cream sauce and a MasterCard.
On the dreams you still believe
Walking Man Mystery #2 -- Good, chocolaty and hoppy
1 formation
The action is about-face based, and it’s mostly about the rock-paper-scissors attributes of the altered types of Pokémon. The abandoned aberration amid Architecture and Fair is the Pokémon independent aural anniversary game. With the accession of 107 aboriginal Pokémon, Architecture and Fair accession the admirable complete of Pokémon to abduction to able-bodied over 480. Every abandoned one of them can be categorized by type. Some of these types are authentic by elements, such as water-type Pokémon and fire-type Pokémon, while others are angled by added specific, anatomic differences, such as fight-type Pokémon and poison-type Pokémon. Anniversary blazon of Pokémon is inherently anemic to the attacks of another, so the key to action is accepting a composed aggregation of Pokémon with you that will be able to handle whatever types of Pokémon get befuddled at you. It’s a simple abundant abstraction to grasp, but there are abundant altered types of Pokémon out there that you’ll acquisition yourself consistently tweaking your agenda of animate Pokémon and alive over which abilities you should be giving to which of your Pokémon. The actuality that you’re consistently alive in to, and appropriately capturing, new Pokémon makes the action that abundant added involved. And that’s just the basics. Abreast from abnormality about the Sinnoh arena and accepting into amaranthine Pokémon battles, you’ll fish, autumn and bulb berries, baker up adapted treats for your Pokémon, admission your Pokémon in a pageant, set up a abstruse hideout, and more. These amateur are long, with the capital belief clocking in at able-bodied over 40 hours, and those absorbed on hunting down the rarer Pokémon will absorb far added than that.
I own a dog. A young German shepherd. Not a 100% pure breed but I love her nevertheless. Only a trained eye can tell the difference. This is she.
And there's a longer, showreel version of it here:
This brings us to the issue of the leading and the following. Being a man I can talk mostly about the following… One year here in France, almost every time I had a serious discussion with somebody (mostly for work) I fell on the same situation: I was at the point of feeling that we’d covered the issue and that we should go ahead, while my interlocutor demonstrated his need to discuss further. The French love to talk and analyse things. Even if they have found the answer they would do it all over again, just for the pleasure of discussing and with the excuse that MAYBE something new will occur! So it is really difficult for them to act spontaneously. Same for tango... You listen to the music and you want to do a long step left. And you do it. You partner gets the message but she doesn’t move. She is having the same expression with your college saying ‘Hey wait! Why we should go left? I am not ready for that yet…’. Tango is slow in France…
Even those closest to me
That was one concrete accomplishment of the conference, thanks in no small part to some of its more vocal attendees. Representatives from manufacturing giant Kimberly-Clark hightailed it to Austin to listen and commit to act on public criticism about the company's bizarre new Huggies campaign. In it, the diapers are, to quote one voiceover, "put ... to the toughest test imaginable: Dads, alone with their babies, in one house, for five days."
Market trends, competition, and technology, challenge the solopreneur to look at business in innovative ways to stay ahead of the competition. If the business is to survive and thrive, the solopreneur must learn to generate new and stable ideas for the improvement of his or her business. With new technology solutions available, different system models can be adapted to suit the purposes, choosing the best that the solopreneur will benefit.
We also saw Kate's wedding dress which, sadly, did not look as impressive as on the television!! Here are pictures of the Royal Wedding..incase you missed it!!
Go Back and Be Happy
The "chance of showers" forecast for our Sunday markets,turned into this.
So, in order to win, there has to be a hoop to jump through. Just kidding. I'd like to do something a little different this time.
I have extended family living in Montana and my mother goes back 2-3 times a year for visits. This last trip she found something at a second hand shop she thought I might like and brought it home to me.
It was dark. Darker than any night on land could be. As if you had closed your eyes, and then put on a blindfold, and then locked yourself in a closed of your home. And that closed was inside a bigger closed. No light at all existed on its own. The light of the sun could not reach the bottom of the ocean. But that did not matter to us. We needed no light to see. We needed no air to breathe. We needed on food to eat.
For over two hundred years now in this supposedly great country, we have lived and thrived on the idea of selfish tendencies which have long since destroyed the morals upon which we should stand. Honesty, bravery, compassion… The list might be longer if I haven’t been subjected to American culture too thoroughly. I am guilty as you all are. But I do not deny that I am hopeless.
6. Favorite guilty pleasure?
But eventually you do run into one of these acquaintances and even though you both sense the impending awkwardness and desperately wish to avoid it, you have a social obligation to say hello. So you do, and the conversation derails even more quickly than you expected.
Proof, because I know you still don’t believe me.
I am still planning on kayaking Ludington State Park this weekend, probably Sunday, as they are now predicting rain for Saturday.
Well, I’m tired of laughing at myself over a situation that plagues so many otherwise hygienic people. “No matter how you shake and dance, the last drop’s always on your pants” makes for a playful adolescent rhyme, but I’m sick of having it ringing in my ears every 90 minutes like some particularly bizarre ABBA tune. For too long, the slightly incontinent have hidden in the shadows, peeing themselves in shame, paralyzed by the ever-present fear that someone will shine a light into that shadow and scare us into a lethal blockage. I say enough is enough. It’s time I was praised for my ingenuity instead of disgraced for a thoroughly natural glitch in my plumbing.
We charged the village and your noble samurai easily routed the bandits there, saved the children, saved the peasants, saved the Yasuki hostage, and even saved the livestock. That act alone would have been enough to ensure that from now on, the peasants of Red Falls will speak of the Paper Lanterns in hushed and reverential tones (as they well should anyway!) but oh no, that wasn’t enough for your mighty men (and one terrifying woman). They decided that they would stay, fortify the village, and defeat all the bandits. Truly, such courage is only possible when inspired by Goemon, Fortune of Courage, or perhaps the example set by men such as Ide Todo.
Agree with this one! Angel Locsin is prettier, regardless of skin color. Her features are waaaay softer than Anne Curtis’ and she looks younger. And OPKORS, compare Anne to Jasmine Curtis-Smith, Jasmine is prettier. Dapat si Jasmine ang mag-artista, because she’s not clown-y unlike her ate.
“I gave them their cash and they let me go,” Collett wrote.
But even the "haven" of our own homes is problematic, especially living in or close to the city.
Created by: Colleen Dietrich, Design Team Member
From left to right
In 2009, Johnson & Johnson's biotech unit Centocor was awarded a $1.67B damages award for infringement of a patent on a genetically engineered antibody that blocks the action of a type of immune system cell ("TNF" or tumor necrosis factor). Generally, TNF is considered the "messengers" of the immune system, and stimulates inflammation, a key problem in immune system disorders.
Free, Browser-Based ‘Wolfenstein 3D’ Released by Bethesda – Bethesda Softworks on Wednesday released a free, browser-based version of the iconic first-person shooter, Wolfenstein 3D.
Good morning and welcome to our 40th challenge, thank you to all that entered into our last challenge please scroll down for our Top 3.
Are you freaking serious? The asshole cheated on you, and you're staying with him??
They never once pretend to be anything other than exactly who they are.
Also--did I forget anyone? Let me know in the comments!! Also, let's hear some noise out there--cheers, chatter, how's it going?
Having decided on which flow was the most interesting and feasible to model, I will now take you on a whistle-stop tour of a dense pyroclastic flow deposit, from distal to proximal end.
This person is :
When I decide to read a book like : Moby Dick , The Man Without Qualities , Lost in the Funhouse. Prestigious books that will outlive generations and will be read by each one of them. It's not to brandish them around like some emblem of importance or intellectual-status. But to see what all the fuss is. Very much in the same way I watch sports ; only in the playoffs. When a player is performing at his best. I want to see why A-Rod makes more financial income just coming up to bat ( Whether he hits or misses ) than most people make in a year ( about $40k ). Sure I'll watch Nadal breeze through a few sets in the opening rounds to satisfy that anticipated crave of whats to come ; to get a feel of things. I do this with writers as well , reading : Notes from Underground before The Brothers Karamzov , Tortilla Flat before East of Eden , Carrie before IT.
Peanut Sauce with Meat (Kuah Kacang Berdaging) is like 2 in 1 kind of dish. Save us time making the Satay. Of course with Satay it would be marvelous beyond words :)
7 pm: Anna Mayer's "Reggae Butterfly" performance
So I call maintenance because I don’t know what other number to call! It rings twice when the bird escapes on its own! I hang up quick so nobody has time to answer. The bird is now still going freely back and forth out of his hole nest.
Zinc also promotes a healthy immune system and helps in the healing of wounds, to top it off. A healthy immune system also lends a hand to preventing acne and Zinc helps to maintain that healthy immune system in a variety of ways. This is just icing on the cake for those who decide to take Zinc to help with their acne since taking Zinc will also make their immune systems that much healthier and perform that much better.
Today is CD5. After lots of phone calls with Dr. Scalpel's assistant last week, I finally got her feedback on my cycle. She was not happy with my mucus cycle (which consisted of literally 2 days of mucus. One time each day) and because of my penicillin allergy, she can't put me on the antibiotic to help in that department. So, she wanted me to order the supplement called Fertile CM. Drugstores (around here, at least) don't carry it, so I had to order online. Of course I was annoyed that I would be missing days and days of taking it, but to my surprise, it's out for delivery today. Way to go Fertile CM people!
Oyler added, "We are not concerned that the general populous knows about BPA-lined beverage cans. To the contrary, more education is better. Beer drinkers can make their own educated decisions about what they want to put into their bodies and furthermore can make those changes. Studies have shown a reduction in BPA levels with the consumption of fresh foods — something we should all do more of. Balancing out a couple of canned beers with a fresh salad from a local farmer can go a long way."
The outstanding guitar on David Bowie’s Ziggy Stardust album was played by the superbly talented Mick Ronson, who died 19 years ago today, on 29 April 1993.
What I did like about it, was that I didn’t know who the final survivor(s) will be right from the start.
The gallows trapdoor springs open and the mayor hangs dead next to the man he had killed... BUT WAIT! Chako is still alive! They cut him down and he starts talking ninety to nothing, thanking Hex but asking where Hex is going.
Fresh nuts are difficult to find outside of the tropical areas where they are grown. Sometimes, the nuts are sold at African markets in international cities, like Washington D.C. The dried cotyledons are 1–2 in (2.5–5 cm) long.
Before I got the chance to come to any conclusions, we were handed fluffy white bathrobes and lead into the incredibly modern change rooms. Shit was like Ikea on crack- particularly the lockers, which, instead of being mundanely rectangular, were fashioned in a shape that is technically referred to as “that tetris block you can never fit anywhere”. Although cool looking, they posed a bit of a logistical problem for the many shopping bags my sister and I had to store. I wanted to take a picture, but since that probably would have been considered “creepy”, instead I did a little drawing for you guys:
Such a beautiful you
Monday was museum day. We hit all the major museums on The Mall. Air and Space, Botanical Gardens, Art, the castle, Natural History, etc.
For her special day, we went to Cold Stone Creamery for ice cream and then next door to watch the movie Chimpanzee! Was a good day!
So what was she doing presenting herself for Communion at her mother’s funeral if she apostatized? Why has she failed to mention this important fact in all of her appearances on the media?
leaving is not enough; you must
I cant even write anymore, no one is listening and I am tired of crying. Time to go and try to save my life.
Open as gyres a wheel within a wheel
maar de week daarvoor hadden we mooi zonnig weer,
Salt- 1 tsp (kosher, table or sea salt)
I fear for her when she wants to act older, I want her to enjoy being seven for seven more months, it goes too fast. Every day she wakes up she is a little older with a little less "little girl" written all over her face.
van negers en indianen bekeurd en betast
The most common mistake is to put the pill in your mouth, as far back as you can, take a sip of water, tilt your head back and try to toss the lot down.
Yet Canada has outperformed the U.S. since then. In 2010, according to the International Monetary Fund, Canada grew at 3.2% versus 2.9% in the U.S. In 2011, the IMF estimates Canada will grow at 2.9%; unemployment is now 7.3%. The IMF’s U.S. growth forecast is 2.5% this year, and U.S. unemployment is 9.1%.
Her simple clapboard house was located next to a payday lender in a part of town noted for its potholes, pawn shops, foreclosed property, and abandoned cars. I actually found it rather heartening that Madame Imelda should live in such a neighborhood. I like my psychics on the humble side. However, I may have overestimated her humility, for when I walked into her simple clapboard home I was greeted by a giant middle-aged lady dressed in gypsy garb and speaking in a foreign accent, mostly Hungarian, but with what sounded like a little Spanish and Scandinavian thrown in. I took her for a worldly woman.
* For its wonderful beaches which are maybe the most beautiful in the world. Not only for its nature but also for the amusing life that encourages them. In Copacabana beach, Río de Janeiro, any sport type may be seen at any hour of the day or the afternoon.
See you behind the page!!!
Luminous and wired
The topic: a guide for privileged people to derail and marginalize the experiences and observations of minorities. (Yes, it's sarcasm.)
In an attempt to avoid sounding like a crotchety old man, and perhaps risking sounding like a sell-out, I'm going to applaud Australian brewers Foster's and Lion Nathan for deciding to pull alcoholic energy drinks from the market. Aimed at RTD (Ready To Drink) products with higher alcohol contents and alcoholic beverages with additives such as taurine or caffeine, Foster's will cap their RTDs at 7% abv. Both Foster's Group and Lion Nathan are limiting the container volume and completely ceasing production of these malternative energy drinks, in an effort to curb irresponsible drinking by promoting a culture of moderation.
If you know little about raw feeding however at this point you’re probably thinking, hmmm, they seem very similar. Ian even sells Tom’s book on his website (http://www.barfworld.com/cgi-bin/product.cgi). Even if they are considered different, they both require you to think about what you are feeding your own dog so you make informed decisions but you don’t have to follow them blindly.
But from the beginning, there has been an obstacle even more daunting than the project's many technical challenges: copyright law.
Maybe you've been following me for years. Maybe you just discovered me via a Twitter mention. Maybe you heard about me from a friend who said you should come here. If that's the case, your friend wasn't doing you any favors.
down
Off-camera, there is a persistent, hollow, metallic knocking.
-hard stools more than 25% of the time
Which is rather similar to the state that we had attained last year, but without the Empire building and associated slaughter, and on bicycles. My goodness we were fit.
This one hits shelves May 1, but if you can stand to wait, I've got your chance to win an ARC!
This leaves me to think about the elders who have less than my grandmother. Who have no children, husband or family. When my grandmother was in the rehab center after her stroke, I saw many elders who never seemed to have any visitors. Didn’t matter what time I would show up. Sad thing is that there were some who did have family, but would never be visited by them. How confusing, hurt or sad must that be for them. It hurts me to see that we have forgotten our duties to our elders who did so much for us. Our elders have shaped us and are a big part of who we are today. Gratitude by being there for them is the very least that we can do.
Established in Hanoi in 2003, Rush Vietnam Visa (one branch of Open World Corp) was the first dedicated Relocation Management Company in Vietnam. Our years of knowledge and experience have made us one of the most respected and reliable relocation companies in the Southeast Asian region. In 2006, Rush Vietnam Visa launched its in-house Immigration Service and quickly became the exclusive immigration service provider for leading Global Immigration Law Firms and Multinational Companies doing business in Vietnam. We have a deep understanding of Vietnamese immigration law and extensive network throughout government offices. In 2007, we opened our Hochiminh city office, creating nationwide service coverage from the North to the South of Vietnam. Rush Vietnam Visa offers services in all major cities and regions.
I foresee that the ANC Election Conference in Mangaung next year will see the start of major political unrest in the New SA.
“No, but if you let me go out tonight I can probably find the other cat again and ask him.”
6 Tbl of garlic olive oil
It's her father (-20)
So why on earth would I want to try another method, risk failure or better yet, improve my chances of making a favorite Sunday dinner? I'm a food blogger and a recipe writer, plus the fact that I enjoy eating helps immensely. Now I cannot take all the credit for this recipe as with the many ways roasting a chicken, this method is favored by many and the list of ingredients are on many cookbook pages as well. Still, I think the combination of flavors is somewhat unique and the cooking method is right on, at least for the coming Sundays until I get another idea. Enjoy!
The slick red floor, and other design touches really compliment the Virgin Atlantic colour palette, and the huge graphic mural on the walls behind the reception desk manage to encapsulate everything their network represents. What’s more amazing is the fact that the design doesn’t just sit in one building. As the Virgin Atlantic HQ is split into North and South buildings, the reception has been identically replicated in each building, just the colours of the soft furnishings manage to distinguish the two receptions from each other.
Okay my posts are out of order. Late September we went to the county fair and livestock show. It was a marathon day. That was just one of the many BIG things we did that day. And it was expensive. Man!
That’s too bad
As the kids came with nothing from their previous carer it was a call to friends to try to borrow car seats as we had nothing. Luckily we managed to pick some up and buy a couple of new ones. We only had a queen bed in the room we intended to use for foster care. As an interim the two girls slept in the queen bed and we set up a single fold away for Ben*. We felt it was important for them to stay together in one room to make them feel safer as they were together. Although the oldest wasn’t related to the two littlest ones they had a close connection due to their previous time with the other carer.
Prince Albert: The Duchess and Sir John?
Pico de Gallo or salsa fresca as some may call it, is an all time favorite at home. We prepare it almost every week to accompany our chili con carne and nachos night. This simple recipe, but full of flavors and colors can be served as a snack with tortilla chips for your guest to enjoy while you serve the main dish. If you don’t already have a favorite way of preparing this salsa, then this recipe is for you. WARNING!!! Fresh homemade salsa is 100 times better then store bought and can be highly addictive!
Milligan and Murphy were brothers. They introduced themselves to the world as such and such was the blatant straightfacedness that accompanied this assertion that few felt remotely inclined to press the matter further. As it happens there was sufficient physical similarity between the two men to win over even the most sceptical of individuals. That said, most people had enough things to worry about without losing any sleep over the likes of these two. Needless to say, they weren't actually brothers. No. For the record they were half-brothers; each had been dragged screaming from the innards of the same mother though a different father had been guilty for them winding up there.
Boys receive the same messaging girls do. Only they receive it from the opposite side. Boys have to be big enough and strong enough and rich enough and good-looking enough to get one of these girls they need. Because you aren’t successful unless you have a family to take care of and support independently.
Bold shall I stand in that great day,
This was the day that Mariarchi and I were looking for for a while. This place had been abandoned for years and years. The building in question was an old traffic control center near the west gate bridge in Melbourne. The main building wasn’t that exciting. There was only one room in the place that held anything worth photographing. It was the main control room. This room was alarmed and any movement would set the alarms off.
Exhaustless Revolt was a political HC band out of Antwerp. I think they did 2 demo tapes.
Sagada is a municipality in the province of Mountain Province, Philippines. It has a relatively colder temperature than most destinations in the Philippines. Getting there is the most challenging part as the town is more or less 12 hours away from the city of Manila and may require multiple transfers.
08 – Arena Budapest, Budapest Hungary (Pat O’Brien, guest guitarist)
After logging in to the bank’s real site, account holders are being tricked by the offer of training in a new “upgraded security system”.
37 Do You Wanna Dance?
Richard Dansky was thinking hard about something. More than that, he stood on his porch not to witness the peaceful country morning, but to listen to it. It was not simply the familiar sounds of the country morning that he took in, but something hidden behind it, something that was carried on the air like an echo from a cave only he knew existed.
Could philosophers contrive
Every book I write has to have an eye catching title. I've realised this in the last couple of years and even though I have working titles I think very hard about what goes on my front cover. Essentially I want the title to say something of what the book is about.
Oh yes, here is our fearless leader. As you can see by Sunday night many retreaters have packed up their machines and are relaxing with hand work. Claire Oehler, the mastermind behind our wonderful weekend.... WOOHOO!..... is chilling doing some hand work on one of her quilts.
What is quite clear - and probably very gratifying to the Tor team behind the design - is that these new covers were incredibly well received by all present.
Dr. Osbourne was on his way to the morgue in the morning when he heard laughter coming from there. He was pretty sure only Geoff should be in there at this time, and was slightly worried he'd gone mad from all his time alone with the corpses. When he opened the door however he saw Geoff sat on a chair next to the autopsy table and a man sat on the table itself. He was wearing a leather jacket and a hat from what Osbourne could make out, his back was turned and he was laughing.
He was driven about two miles to Corrib Avenue, in the Lenadoon area, where he was taken out of the car and shot twice, once in each leg.
In late May, we attended another graduation party. Damn Murphy cousins finishing high school and costing me money! Jussst kidding. I didn't mention yesterday, but I am proud that both cousins are amazingly brillant and one will be attending Ohio State while the other will (blech) attend The University of Kentuky. I don't hold it against him, though. Many of the Murphy's are UK fans. I just pretend I'm down.
Today, it is accepted that India’s middle class will grow to be an astounding 583 million people by 2025 (source: McKinsey Global Institute). To give you an idea, five percent share for a company like Kellogg’s would equal 29.5 million customers. In the UK, Kellogg’s is the market leader with a commanding forty-two percent share of the cereal market, which amounts to a mere 27 million customers in comparison. So, essentially even a relatively small share number, that in any other market would be scoffed upon, in India can amount to a larger customer base than leadership share in most developed markets. Many a seasoned marketer has looked at these numbers and dangerously never bothered to scratch beneath the surface before diving headfirst into India.
Some may object to this characterisation of the PIRA’s violence on the grounds of the sectarian killings that it engaged in from the early 1970s onwards. However, this sectarian killing campaign was instigated largely by the loyalist paramilitaries, was viewed with repugnance by many PIRA members, and was the source of bitter divisions in the PIRA leadership over what was considered a distortion of the organization’s long-term goals. This tit-for-tat killing spree ran at its fiercest from 1972 to 1976, when, threatening to escalate to new heights, it was scaled back by mutual consent on both sides. In the late 80s, when the loyalist paramilitaries ratcheted their killings up again, the PIRA refrained from retaliating on the same scale. The reasons for this are complex, but included an awareness that sectarian killings would damage the electoral appeal of Sinn Fein, the political wing of the PIRA, and that it was politically useful to be seen as the victim of sectarian terrorist violence rather than the perpetrator.
“This is one briefing I think I want to hear,” said Adamson to La Paglia and Marier as they sat down either side of him.
But, after the first couple of rollicking numbers, I had a huge goofy smile on my face, and rest of the crowd was clearly along for the fun rock & roll ride, too.
For men, and on other days, you should buy movie tickets from a チケット・ショップ (“Ticket Shop”) that are found all around Japan.
But if you want to lose fat, gain muscle strength, and don’t have a lot of time to workout – interval training and metabolic resistance training is the key to success.
(195 words)
Samsung Series 7 NP700Z5A-S0AUS Great laptop – I’m satisfied What can I say? It’s a great laptop. Wanted something for hard-core web development, general purpose biz apps, and games. Satisfies all of those things all at once. Keyboard light-up looks great, touch feels awesome and responsive, no probs with the trackpad as I’ve read with others.
We don’t need these awful Gay Masses!
And Sherry Nor Jannah: the person who had started it all for me, directly and indirectly, in so many important things; and her wonderful husband, Nazmi for his trust and support. Although I have mentioned it a number of times previously, I simply can’t say enough about them. It was through their help, encouragement and guidance that I made that critical move; of finding the desire and confidence to re-enter society and to try claw my way back again. Many of my colleagues at Gambang had gone down the road again, going back to the vicious cycle and undergoing that dreary existence yet again – did they have people like Sherry and Nazmi to guide and encourage them?…How Allah had Blessed me!
Judge # 2 -- Hint of lime in the black beans. Good side dish for fish or
"Thank You, Lord for the strength You give me as I patiently wait for You...
Now I have no clue how this got started or anything, but since it is Monday today and I won something, then I am so into thinking and hoping that I will win something else later this week. It puts a smile on my face and a little spring in my step.
7. Make a shopping list
Prompted by their decision to have a baby, move out of Manhattan and become suburbanites, John Donatich wrote the most honest, funny, sensitive paeon to fatherhood that I've ever read. Beginning and ending with the birth of Rafaella, Donatich's book is made up of a series of vignettes that examine his upbringing, his early career, his friendship with Betsy, the melding of their Catholic and Jewish cultures, depression, miscarriage, and pregnancy (with a hilarious take on the LaMaze boot camp).
The Warf – Second best (Rob’s favorite)
4. Add oil to pan, swirling to coat. Add chicken mixture to pan; sauté 2 minutes or until lightly browned. Remove chicken from pan; place in a bowl. Add bell pepper to pan; sauté 2 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add garlic and ginger; cook 30 seconds. Add chicken and cornstarch mixture to pan; cook 1 minute or until sauce is slightly thick. Sprinkle with cashews and green onions.
Overall, this book is incredible. I have absolutely no complaints. It’s perfect for anyone looking for a romance an anyone who want to remember the Titanic on the hundred year anniversary of its sinking. I give this book a give out of five.
But the relationship goes even further than that. When you see this relationship at work you are forced to realise that the beer in your glass is the result of more than mere mechanical processes and chemical reactions between mysterious physical properties. There are real human relationships evolving to ensure that your schooner of ale has more in it than the sum of its ingredients.
This is another one that my son-in-law wrangled. A marine from his unit got wind that he’s becoming a bit of a beer freak and brought a six-pack of this beer for him to try. Semper Fi!
Nikki is a doctoral student at Durham Law School, Durham University. She is co-creator and editor of Inherently Human.
I used New Arrival and Elegant Edges. The face stamp is Peachy Keen's Wide Eyed and Bushy Tailed set. Paper is from Gina K. Designs, K&Co., Recollections and Glitz and Glitter. The buttons are Favorite Finding's. Congratulations stamp is Stampin' Up.
Chihuahua leans when biker turns.
And he says that like it's a bad thing...
If you read this... do a kindness for someone who can't help themselves.
Over the next fifteen minutes, we watched as Boudiman shone his flashlight into the koolooloos’ eyes one by one, for a minute at a time, switched it off, and waited. He repeated the process with each owl multiple times. Even without knowing what was supposed to happen, it was obvious from Boudiman’s disappointment and from the fact that nothing happened that Nothing Happened.
The effect of the new joinder rule is immediate because it applies to all patent cases filed on or after the date of enactment of the bill. And it resolves a tension within the federal courts over how to carve up patent cases. Some courts (including the Eastern District of Texas in particular) have maintained that a single case involving multiple defendants sued under the same patent can be more efficiently managed as one case than a host of individual cases. Others (including the Northern District of California, the Northern District of Illinois, and the Western District of Wisconsin) have concluded that unrelated defendants should not be forced to litigate alongside one another, particularly if direct competitors are named as co–defendants in cases in which confidential business information will undoubtedly surface in discovery. In its wisdom, Congress has opted for the latter rule, putting an end to the multi–defendant madness.
Now get your slings out
Very cute ideas & shapes, simple, easy, & really cute. For someone that enjoys stitching, there are a few really adorable & useful items. One ( which I am still making & will post a pic of when I finish) is an apple tart pin-cushion. A helpful hint for the pin-cushion ~ if you stuff the cushion with a steel wool pad or two, ( put a bit of fluff around it to soften the edges), your needles will always be sharp & clean.
And that’s something you can hang your hat on.
You can enter only ONE project per challenge, but if you use a Guylou's Inimitability digistamp, your project will count for two entries. If you don't have one of her digistamps and your budget is tight; please check her online store where several freebies are available.
In a bid to find a few more ensembles to add to my hot weather wardrobe, I came across this number. She was almost forgotten as she'd been living in the dress up box for some time. My mother made me this dress when I was about 14/15 years old, and I wore it on my beach side holiday with visions of Grace Kelly in To Catch A Thief, dancing in my head. Now, I am more than twice that many years old, she sees the light of day again! I gave her a bit of a clean, iron and she still fits!
Boarded up, with graffiti
We truly don't care if it is a boy or a girl.
My sis-in-law said my mother-in-law had to stay in the hospital for a bit after her stroke, but that my father-in-law was coming home and my sis-in-law asked if I could stay with him for a few days to look after him. I knew immediately that I wasn’t up to it, couldn’t take it on, I was far too emotional and vulnerable myself. I felt badly but told her I simply couldn’t do that. She was mad that I wouldn’t as this meant she had to and also had to arrange for someone else. This was one of the times where I immediately took a stand for myself without any thought and knew with certainty that I’d done what was right for me. Didn’t have a single moment of guilt about it, but I knew my sis-in-law didn’t like it.
Because it's the little things that count, isn't it?
person to fairly decide for themselves, through their own Guidance, what
I would love to hear a tidbit about your ridiculousness as of late. Please tell me I'm not the only one dealing with this kind of silliness.
Faint mead smell, strong head, and uberdeep amber color. Smooth with light carbo, smoke test at the beginning and end of the palette. Good medium malts.
I pretty much used dishes all weekend since I did not have my cup.
COL RIM supports quality in higher education
In case you can't make it out, it says "Thank you for taking me on this unique journey. I'm off in in the right direction on a wing and a prayer. I hope I can wing it. I know I will enjoy the journey."
We were advised to send our contracts in to be checked by the Society of Authors, even if we have worked for that particular publisher before, as publishers are creeping in changes to the contracts and if you are not careful you may end up signing your copyright away. I found out it is illegal to get rights outright in France and Germany. So how come it is not illegal in the UK?
Okay, for those who got invited for this upcoming event, I look toward to seeing you guys and for those who couldn’t attend for various reasons, see you guys at my wedding! Which am not sure when. Hehe. And if you are wondering how many would get invited to my wedding…The answer is 100 maximum. Haha.
Each day...Take 1 multivitamin. Eat 5 fruits/veggies. Drink 8 glasses of water. Work in 30 minutes of physical activity. Get 8 hours of sleep. To help myself stay on track, I've embraced an easy reminder (which is now on a post-it note on my computer screen at work and on my mirror at home. 1/5/8/30/8. (1 multivitamin, 5 fruits and veggies, 8 glasses of water, 30 minutes of activity, and 8 hours of sleep.) I'm trying to be better to my body, using these simple numbers.
05.04.12 1515hr officially marks the end of my University life.
I must assure you that this transaction is 100% risk free to you before and after it is been completed .All I require from you is your maximum co-operation to enable this transaction sail through,the total amount is in united state dollar.
Most of those interruptions go away – who can get any work done at the office these days?
1 tangerine
Bluff/Pipeline: Later in the hike, I was surprised to find that I was walking along the edge of a wetland area with a tall bluff to my left that paralleled the path for 100 feet or more. The bluff and wetlands together seemed a perfect example of an ecotone—a transitional area between two different ecological communities. (These transitional zone are often very productive for wildlife.) Immediately after, the trail took an abrupt right across the wetlands on a wooden walkway. Directly next to the walkway, there is an elevated pipeline, creating a novel stretch of trail through the thick brush. At this point you are only about a tenth of a mile from the junction of the Palmetto Trail with the Atlantic & Yadkin Greenway. (Approximately a 35-minute walk from the parking lot on Old Battleground Road.)
Oh, Gaines flipped himself out of his pack and play Saturday morning. He sleeps in the pack and play in our room and pulled himself up on the side. He got a little top heavy and flipped out. We woke up to, Thud. "Waaaa!" That child is a M.E.S.S.
Scene from Porridge (the movie, 1979) where the warden Mr Barrowclough is trying to retrieve his colleague’s dentures stolen by prisoner Fletcher
Vi-Ability is a social enterprise that delivers a training programme that introduces economically inactive individuals to the commercial management of football clubs, helping them to gain employability and life skills. They now provide support and solutions in a number of areas across both Wales and England:
Which is great! This is why I firmly believe that its impossible to justify one’s epistemological or ontological choices without invoking, somehow, value-claims which are ultimately of an ethico-political nature. Just try it. I’m not sure its possible.
Puree the onion and add to the ground meat. Add the bulgur wheat and the rest of the spices to the mixture. Knead until well blended.
on this specific matter.
During kurushetra war,while fighting against Arjun, karna’s chariot wheel sank into the ground in loose, wet soil. Descending from his chariot to remove the wheel, he requested Arjuna to wait, as the etiquette of battle allowed. However, Krishna instructed Arjun to kill Karna while he was weaponless even though rules of war state that no warrior will raise his arms against an opponent who is without his weapon. But Krishna knew that in a fair war, Arjun would not be able defeat Karna. His rationale was that killing Karna was critical to win the war and hence a necessary evil.
I don’t usually look at blogs unless I’m considering signing someone – I just don’t have the time! But if I want to represent someone, I get a bit Google stalkerish. What I expect to see on a website or blog is appropriate content and nothing that would cause concern to a publisher if they Googled the author name (and they do).
If the flight was fully booked our dad would make the shape of a hanger with his hands and shake his head dejectedly. We knew that meant “a cliff-hanger” fully booked, not a great chance of getting on but we would go anyway. There were times we were already seated and buckled in and the door closed when in dreadful embarrassment they called our names over the intercom and we had to unbuckle, get up, gather our bags and belongings and march or rather limp off the plane if paying passengers had arrived. Mortifying.
When did she get to be a beauty,
This is the snowflake using the Lock Chain technique that was taught at the meeting.
Jenny Jones? Green? Er, enough said. A bit like Paddick but with less forced anal sex. But more windmills and tofu.
What is PLR?
The piece of stone was removed, brought to the museum, and archaeologists from around the world came to study the ancient symbols. They held a huge meeting after months of conferences to discuss the meaning of the markings.
The prized buy of the State Fair this year, tho, is clackers! Remember those from the 70's?
hearts
the center. Bring up the four corners over the filling, and pinch the edges together to seal.
The Vulgate superscription of the psalm, Psalmus David, Hieremiae, must be regarded as meaning either, “A psalm of Jeremias after the manner of a Davidic Psalm,” or, “A Psalm after the manner of David and of Jeremias.” The Hebrew text contains no ascription to an author.
In their messages, read during a gala on Monday evening at the
* Your daily routine includes using scent eliminating shampoo in your shower
History: Episodes from the past that promote a positive and faithful view of the church.
- I promise to follow all of the above or I will not get a wristband. I realize I have been warned and the music police will track me down and kick my ass if I buy an under used wristband.
Why? Where does this come from?
This is why in Matthew 6 Jesus calls his followers to pray for God’s Kingdom—God’s healing way of life, God’s ecology—to come upon earth in the here and now.
Oily fish provides essential fatty acids to our diet. EFA’s are vital as they lower cholesterol, protecting against heart and circulatory problems, they help alleviate depression, and are good for healthy development of the brain, eyes and skin.
BREWTON, ALABAMA – A grand jury indictment on charges of misuse of a public position has led to the arrest of a former Brewton police officer, according to a story in the Brewton Standard.
what it all means how strange it is
Just a reminder to pop into the store and vote for Challenge 3. There are awesome pages on the wall that are waiting for your vote!!! Voting closes this Saturday, 14 April!!!!
on the other side of the bridge.
“Dile a mi hijo que le quiero mucho”, dijo Hernández de 47 años de edad, antes de ser condenado a muerte. ”Dios bendiga a todo el mundo. Continúe caminando con Dios.”
Finally we looked at how plants protect themselves from insects and other animals that would like to eat them. I asked the children to design a plant with protection in mind.
He was terrorizing Nolan while Nolan tried to play with his race track - Ethan kept taking the one car that Nolan wanted at that exact same time... he was a happy and playful little boy. Sure he had moments when I thought "Wow buddy you could have used a longer nap" but nothing out of the ordinary. Speaking of terrorizing Nolan Allen tweeted this today:
LATIN AMERICA
Most manufacturers encourage descaling at least once a month. A kettle, they say, should last for five years when treated kindly. Ours is on year 8. It is a good thing I like it so much. If you're off to buy a kettle, go for the kind you do not have to unplug before you pour. It makes life so much easier when they simply lift off the base.
The conclusion is obvious, eat more fish! The health benefits of Omega-3s are significant, especially in the prevention of cardio-related deaths. The benefits far outweigh any risks from mercury, PCBs and dioxins. One of your best fish options, for the highest levels of EPA and DHA, is salmon, especially wild Yukon Keta salmon.
I am so sorry for my long absence. It’s not you, it’s me. Or it’s February, which has turned into March, which since they are months require capital letters, but if they didn’t, I’d have used them, because even though there hasn’t actually been a winter, it’s been Winter, you know?
“Animals used in trauma training are supported and monitored by well-trained, experienced veterinary staff to ensure that appropriate anesthesia and analgesia prevent them from experiencing pain or distress.”
That hail is what usually makes me nervous. Especially when it's almost 80 degrees outside. That means there's a good chance there might be a tornado somewhere.
I was proud of myself that despite being in a hurry, I ate consciously. I keep my fridge stocked with vegetables and fruits which makes it easier to make a healthy choice, even when in a hurry.
i've taken the "-icious" too far, here, haven't i? i can't stop myself. i promise i'll scour the net for new suffixes tonight. though, it's a tad more than a suffix....
I spotted the magic item a couple months ago, and have been stalking it since. It did go on sale, but it's sold out in my size online.
But in your eyes I'm a queen
in dry pudding mix. Mix in the pumpkin and cheese mixture.
When Tag’s father and brother leave the family unexpectedly and without explanation, the changes that occur in his once-perfect world cause Tag to systematically rebel against everything he once believed in. The impact is most apparent on the outside as Tag assumes a Goth-like persona with an angry, rebellious attitude to match.
I am still loosening up, trying new things, and loving it!
Pour both into a microwavable bowl. Heat in microwave in 30-second intervals. Heat and stir until melted. Pour into wax or foil-lined pan and cool.
Here are the rest of the design team cards to inspire you. Just click on their names to go to their blogs for all the details on their great cards. Most of the cat cards are using digital stamps from our great sponsor, Digi Doodles Shop.
SIGNIFICANCE
"And....?" I replied, probably more impatiently than I intended.
No double standard, obviously. (And lets not forget that the IDF commander in this case is wearing a kippa...yet another reason for the media bus to trash him)
We really enjoyed this opportunity to partner with CICS and support the community and the real estate industry in such a worthwhile activity. It proved to be a mutually beneficial experience for both the students and our Piedmont team and positively exemplified Piedmont’s core corporate value surrounding stewardship.
Taken from: Indicator 6th year – issue 9 February 27 2012
lollipops
will ever burn them away.
9. They help your friends who are far away feel included -let in- to your busy life.
1) GRAPHITE - The mineral graphite is one of the allotropes of carbon. It was named by Abraham Gottlob Werner in 1789 from the Ancient Greek γράφω (graphō), “to draw/write”, for its use in pencils, where it is commonly called lead (not to be confused with the metallic element lead).
wings – drink in cool
"If you're going to take God out then take me out and make this movie about someone else
Yea, that’s what Christ intended, endless splintering, endless breaking away, endless groups of people looking for some charismatic “pastor” or “preacher,” who says what they want to hear.
To make a long story short, I probably won’t be updating the Brigade pages much, if at all, for the Winter Break, as I won’t even be in state. So, as a consolation, I wish our brigade the happiest of the Winter holidays, and ask that you do not forget us, or eat too much figy pudding. As far as I know, we will probably bring up the Brigade next semester as well, and hopefully within the first three weeks of school. The anime for that week will be carried over from this semester; that means Kuroneko Black Cat, Kuroshitsuji Black Butler, and Buso Renkin. After that, we will have a brigade-wide vote for the next anime (assuming we finish the anime before the end of the school year).
Ginger Rogers Stage Door
This is certainly a welcome sign for Mitt Romney’s campaign. While West Virginia voted for Bush twice, and went for McCain in 2012, it borders battleground states like Ohio and Pennsylvania. “Neither President Obama nor Governor Romney has earned my vote at this point,” said Tomblin, accusing Obama of undertaking policies that would “destroy the economic fabric of our state.”
- Submit Quick Shot stories that are interesting tidbits in-between our regular articles (ex. Famous birthdays, concert tour updates, interesting videos, a new website people need to know about, etc.)
Still, a book that size can't all be wrong, unless it's written by Quakers, and "Decline of the West" has its moments. Pseudomorphosis rather appeals to me - new, vigorous cultural growth cannot break out of the trappings of senile civilisation, and so turns on it with Oedipal fury.
29.01.82 Hanley Victoria Halls
Kodak, which filed for bankruptcy protection in January, announced it will stop manufacturing digital cameras. Go and buy one before they are a collector’s item. read article
Should I be posting short reviews on Amazon in addition to the full reviews I’m writing on my blog? Would it make any difference? Very few people are going to stumble over Pietro Grossi’s novel The Break by clicking aimlessly around Amazon; they’re going to read a review like mine and then go to Amazon to buy, so what does it matter if I post there or not? I clicked on one of the links in the ‘Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought’ section, the one that led to The Sense of an Ending by Julian Barnes. I then looked at what books were listed in that page’s ‘Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought’ section. Needless to say the Pietro Grossi novel was not there, in fact what was there were books that I had been looking at myself only a day or two earlier: Room by Emma Donoghue, The Slap by Christos Tsiolkas, When God Was a Rabbit by Sarah Winman and Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal? by Jeanette Winterson which I had already bought for my wife. Now all the rest I might be willing to accept, but not the Sarah Winman; that seems so out of place in this list and the only reason I can see why it would be there is that Amazon bunged it in knowing I’d expressed an interest and it was just chancing its arm.
Amanpour: Did Gingrich say anything insane?
I walked around the house to find a better view. There were two windows on one side of the house. The first was a window for the kitchen. Next was a dark bedroom.
They soon acquired the respect of the world, which they despised; and the loudest applause was bestowed on this DIVINE PHILOSOPHY, which surpassed, without the aid of science or reason, the laborious virtues of the Grecian schools. The monks might indeed contend with the Stoics in the contempt of fortune, of pain, and of death: the Pythagorean silence and submission were revived in their servile discipline; and they disdained as firmly as the Cynics themselves all the forms and decencies of civil society. But the votaries of this Divine Philosophy aspired to imitate a purer and more perfect model.
Nobody answered that statement. I felt dumb for saying it, however true it may or may not have been.
And that’s it!!
Now I just need to catch up a little.
Onto the 2nd day in Kyoto. Since I wasn’t getting much sleep anyway I decided to get up at 6 instead of 7. Showered, dressed and out into the cold, but light, morning. There were already many people on the streets and I headed for the station. Went into a different entrance which was actually a long tunnel leading to the main station. There is an underground ‘city’. Stores, restuarants, etc. and long tunnels leading every which way. The subway only took 10 – 15 minutes and I exited and decided to get some Japanese sandwiches for breakfast along with a yogurt drink (didn’t really care for that). I ate outside at a little table and chairs. Then I went into the outer park area of the Kyoto Imperial Palace. Kyoto was the former capital of Japan and this was the Emporer’s residence. The outer garden is like a park with picnic tables, benches, walking paths, a cafeteria, gift shop and restrooms. People do tai cih, stroll, ride bikes, walk dogs, etc. Access is only allowed to the inner gardens, buildings, etc. by reservation and as a tour. There are still some private buildings that are used by the current Emporer and his family and are opened to the public just a few days a year.
What a cute dress this is! I love the colors and the print, and to top it off, it fell all the way down to my knees...it's so hard to find dresses that have all three of those things in common! It's listed as being 38.5" long but I would guess it's more like 40" to be honest with how long it was on me. I tried this on in a size 2 and would stick with that. I'd say it fits TTS. I could honestly have possibly sized down to a 0 since it was pull-on styling, but I wouldn't want to lose the length. I would style this dress with a cardigan and a belt on top, and sandals or pumps on my feet. There really are a lot of possibilities. My friend tried this on with a yellow cardigan in the dressing room and it looked so cute! This dress looks so much better with a belt on, so I threw on a random belt the SA gave me to use. This particular belt is not my favorite with the dress, but with one that matches better, it would be so perfect. Totally digging this dress and would love to add it to my closet. Wish listed!
Good morning! It's day three of celebrations and new releases over at Tiddly Inks and we have another new release to show you today as well as some gorgeous freebie frames created by our very own Melissa! Christy also has a freebie for you today and we have some wonderful guest designers and a lovely new DT member - Asa (you met the awesome Annie Rose earlier in the week right?)! Wow it's all happening at Tiddly Inks!
Their Roog Rauchweizen raises the ABV to a respectable 6.6%, and pours dark, muddy brown. It delivers a light smoke aroma, gentle, but certainly present, on top of a classic Weizen banana-like foundation, combining into a smoked-fruit effect. Rather good! If has a soft, juicyfruit/bubblegum and strawberry-like flavour, with a spritzy carbonic bite, followed by a very pleasant, sweet smokiness. Well-balanced and hitting all the classic Weizen buttons with the added dimension of smoke, I have to say, this is the best Rauchweizen I've had. Others, including the more famous ones from Schlenkerla and Spezial, just didn't get the balance right, in my mind. Lovely.
At the same time the European Union has published its new Data Protection Laws, which, if passed, will become law across all 27 EU members. These include the so-called Right to Forget, which means any citizen can demand that information they have posted on social media is not just removed from that network, but the entire web. Again, this is a question of degree – removing that dodgy student photo from Facebook when you start going for job interviews is one thing, deleting a tweet from a politician that makes him/her look stupid seems to me to be completely different.
Smashwords made the process, in spite of their name, almost painless. Caveat: get a good cover. One of my reviewers called mine “bizarrely hideous.” Oh, the shame.
The hood is just as ridiculous as feared. HOWEVER, after ordering the hoodless option (with the intention of wearing a normal shayla hijab with it) I started to worry that I would not be allowed to swim with a hijab in public pools and water parks, etc. (making my purchase not so useful). I played around with the hood and no, could not make it look good to me or my husband, but was happy with a shayla wrapped around it. Also, the hood can be pulled down without looking too silly if you're with women, family, etc.
You almost certainly won't; and you can guarantee any Chechnyans will edit out any mention of it in wikipedia.
Richard Osicki, Canadian Mennonite University. Is the Internet the New Temple? McLuhan Looks at Religion Looks at McLuhan
book clubs: 1
of the new special publication
This is called Pantheism. Briefly stated it is the belief that we are all one. It is not true because you and your pet dog or cat are not connected! You may love your pet, but you are not your pet and your pet is not you. This philosophy is the basis of Hinduism and I believe that it is a lie. We are not all one…period!
And dreaming of making more....of course!
a nurse, I get
Drawback: Attached in to a 14 thirty day period agreement, Extremely expensive 300-500 each year (none refundable) With respect to the upkeep commitment you take away parts is probably not coated or perhaps limited (Constantly look at small print)
All three create brevity, all three are direct, and all three help foster the atmosphere.
Morocco is Chaotic. Don't stop! Don't stop! It seems as though every time we stopped for any reason we were surrounded and hassled by beggars and absolutely everyone who had something to sell. Medina's and souq's are especially overwhelmingly chaotic on all levels: they are cramped, loud, smelly and colorful, they are never ending and winding. Shop owners yell at you, shop owners hassle you, people beg, loud music beats from Berber drums, colors stimulate you, stray cats everywhere, the smell of piss and shit overwhelms you, the smell of fresh leather, the smell of meat sizzling. The smell of all of these together.
That’s all for today, but I’ll close in saying to expect something new from me soon. I’m virtually sitting on my hands now as I resist telling more about it.
Apparently, one of the reasons the President would veto H.R. 5326 is because of a NRA-backed general provision preventing funding for the new and unauthorized multiple sales reporting and registration plan proposed by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (BATFE). On Thursday, April 26, the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Appropriations approved this general provision offered by Congressman Rehberg (R-Mont.), by a vote of 30-19.
I know I have been MIA for a while, but I have been very busy working on two big projects. The one project just hit the half way mark! I am now officially 20 weeks pregnant. If you are like me, you will understand why I haven't gotten any projects done. The first trimester really kills my motivation. I am so sick and so tired that I literally do nothing, and now that I have a toddler, I learned how hard it is to be pregnant with your second child. Way harder then the first :) Oh, well. I hit the second trimester and now I am working diligently to finish unfinished projects and start new ones that will be necessary to bring home my new baby Girl!
(Wisdom 2:15-17 HRV)
- 1/4 c. of maple syrup
Fried Kuey Teow (Kuey Teow Goreng)
Did I mention that we still do also have 8 chickens & one bunny rabbit? And that although we put up a brave fight in the furnace wars, when it started snowing, we gave in and are now using the woodstove pretty much daily. I wussed early, what can I say?
ear infections
and a wall of tiny colored pills
These days, I celebrate my mother’s cheap-azz legacy by shopping exclusively at discount stores. Mostly Walmart. My children are thrilled about this.
But I also want to remember all the women out there who areen't mothers. I hate it at church when they ask all the mothers to stand up. I always think of the women who don't stand up. I know some women aren't mothers because they chose not to be and I am fine with that.
Constant she revisited earth like rain over Ganges
I am ashamed of this. It breaks my heart that I was not strong enough to better protect my daughter.
Or maybe it was her own fault for not wanting to practice with the proper supervisor in the first place.
“For thou shalt be his witness unto all men of what thou hast seen and heard.”
Sometimes I get heady and drunk on compliments and think to myself..."Oh wow. This was an amazing journey, and we did awesome!". And then other times I think if my body and mind and soul can handle this. Cause it all feels like it is breaking at once.
I don't know how much of the theoretical "cup" is filled with each component - genetics and environment - in Marge's case. Since I only know bits and pieces about her puppyhood and know zilch about her genetic background, aside from what her mom and siblings looked like, I don't know if her fears came more from a genetic predisposition or a shoddy upbringing.
It is with Hera that I share such a mark.
Our pomelo was a lovely fellow, but a bit pricey at $3.19 each. I'm hoping that I can grab some pomelos more cheaply at the Asian markets in Albany (these citrus fruits are natives of Southeast Asia), because it really was a nice treat.
My favorite part of the Flying Dog series has to be the artwork on the labels. The illustrations are fantastic and a bit scary at the same time. Who would want to mess with that dog? Not me.
I must not get tired of doing good, in Jesus Christ Name, Amen!
Kel is a fantastic character, vulnerable, angry, bright, scared, and Ms. Moore shines in her ability to speak so authentically as both Arthur and Kel, two severely damaged men subconciously begging for rescue. Every secondary character in this outstanding novel is equally well drawn, from the tough, no nonsense cleaning girl, Yolanda, who first opens the windows on Arthur's life, to Kel's friend Lindsay and her family who step in to rescue the struggling young man.
Hey fitties, I hope you are having a great holiday weekend.
Mix with hands. This part always takes me back to my childhood. I was not a messy kid. My mother has pictures of me crying when I had food on my face. So this hand in food thing never lasts all that long. haha
Had this chimera tank for quite a number of years. You have seen it primed black in many a battle report. So far it’s the only one I’ve got (I love this model and will get a few more) and decided I wanted it for my Snow Guard force (AKA IG Valhallans). But I had never painted winter camo on a tank before, so the experimentation began.
- a contrasting gold-tone design logo to the front and a zip fastening interior pocket
Usually, the dream involves a pet store somewhere, but sometimes the hamsters just pop out of no where. I never have a cage for them, so I'm stuck holding them or stuffing them in my pockets. No matter what I try to do, I always lose them, so I go looking for them. I find them, try to find a really shitty way to contain them (one time was Tupperware, another was a glass mug), which they then escape or die from.
Distribution: These products have been distributed nationally
First thing is first, do not preach Jesus at them(Yes Jesus is great, but the difference in telling someone their worth and actually showing it to them is huge. In your actions Jesus will be revealed) ! And do not just tell them to not feel that way! The easiest way to prevent (most) depression starts from the very beginning. Treat all people with respect, give people thanks, let others know you care for them, doing all the little things can prevent the feeling of worthlessness, giving a random stranger a smile, helping others out, following the golden rule “so in everything, do to others what you would have them do to you(Matthew 7:12),” kindness, patience, love, and etc.
-1 1/2 tsp salt
What do I do? What in the world do I do?
(Gilded by rich chocolate – antioxidants are healthy for your One-and-Truly!)
Slowly we need to realize and accept that every mistake we make is a blip in the grand scheme of things. Nothing is insurmountable as long as we believe in ourselves. If you do not believe in yourself, you can never expect others to believe in you.
And that is all so subjective.
We can no longer say technology will change how business is done; it’s already changing. Technology is becoming an umbrella term covering not just hardware and software, but those things are shaping consumer behavior.
Total mileage: 20.6 (approximately)
Punch down and knead on a floured surface (I don’t knead it very much in this step).
5. Sprinkle corn flour on the pizza stone, place the dough on top. Put your toppings on the pizza and bake for 15 minutes. I would advise against sitting outside and running inside like a crazy person to pull it out. One of you might fall. I am just saying.
Louis Vuitton replica totes include the craze amid girls, for assorted motives. The charge component naturally occurs 1st. Legitimate Louis Vuitton fees which range from numerous number of and also a huge $1, 000 as well as earlier mentioned. Genuinely a little too very much for the ladies handbag, now don’t you feel? Conversely, excellent Louis Vuitton duplicate totes charge simply a small percentage of these – about $100-$200. Consequently, by simply getting a replica Damier Ebene Canvas you can actually invest in numerous totes pertaining to the price tag on one particular initial.
You can repeat this quest by buying Badges from the store for 100 Turbine Points.
I also went back to the Royal Oak for a last half, having given up on my Brampton plan due to mild inebriation and a lack of directions or transport to Chatsworth Road. This time I had a half of the Moor Top again, although had I been a bit less tired I may have had the Jaipur which I have now not had for many months.
Truth is, I don’t remember most of the content and the words that were thrown out were huge ones I hadn’t heard before. The speaker was an intellectual, I am a simpleton.
A shy, gentle man by all accounts, Jack Cole as a creator was a bold extremist.
I'm really pleased with the way he handled it!
You have tasted socialism and seen evil face to face, and have found you don’t like it after all. You make a lot of noise, but Most are all too interested in their careers or “Climbing the Social Ladder” to be involved in such mundane things as patriotism and voting. Many of those who fell for the “Great Lie” in 2008 are now having buyer’s remorse. With all the education we gave you, you didn’t have sense enough to see through the lies and instead drank the ‘Kool-Aid.’ Now you’re paying the price and complaining about it. No jobs, lost mortgages, higher taxes, and less freedom.
Q052) If 2NE1 members had to be exemplified by animals?
Appreciative Self-Inquiry:
Anyway, it was another super fun opportunity for us and we continue to say thank you to everyone involved in making this one of the most amazing and memorable winters of our lives! Later in the week Katelyn participated in a photo shoot for a magazine which I'll talk about later. In the meantime, watch the news tonight! I'm hopeful that Dan mentions the one thing I haven't been able to say during any of our previous interviews...and just in case he doesn't,I'll say it here anyway:
Your lives have meaning babies.
Pizza (for Seth) and chicken nuggets and popcorn (for William) (Target)
Thanks to a few tweets from One Way‘s Peter, fans will be delighted to know that apparently, a new catchy song is set to be released in the summer. He tweeted:
“They do if they are walking sticks.” The eucalyptus branch chuckled, stretching to its full height, considerably taller than Mellie’s meager five feet.
Seeing all his own mischance --
6. What group was notably absent from the company returning to Jerusalem from Babylonia (Ezra 8:1-20)?
Saute the onion is 1/4 c chicken broth at high heat for 2 minutes. Add kale and continue cooking for 4 more minutes. Turn down heat add all the rest of the ingredients. Cook until cabbage is your desired doneness. I like mine a little crunchy. It adds a great dynamic to this dish. Enjoy and hand it down!
Isn't that what life's about
What will it take to get there?
Martin seeks answers after Hassan killer goes missing The Easter Uprising in History North up in arms over new proposals to curtail marches Not quite ready for Liffey to turn orange Cameraman hit by water cannon set to sue PSNI Regeneration plan for home of unionist leader Advisors to UDA call for unionist unity Israel demolishes Bedouin village Eirigi claim police harassment surge UVF flags still flying on Shore Public has to know about ex-prisoners
So what the heck does this have to do with books? Taste in books, I think, has a lot to do with the way the author puts together sentences. It's the quality of the prose, the way the author uses language, the rhythm of paragraphs, pages, and chapters. I think this can also be called the author's voice. It's the unique sound that every author has, and doesn't change much from book to book, even if the plot is totally different. If your taste and my voice match up, fabulous--we're halfway to being in love.
Milk Stouts aren't actually brewed with milk, but rather milk sugar (lactose). Unlike most sugars, however, lactose can't be broken down by beer yeast, and remains unfermented, as calories and carbohydrates. It gives the beer a unique sweetness and silkiness on the tongue that does in fact suggest milk. Snow Plow is sweet and creamy, bordering on decadant, but there are hints of roasty malt and a breath of hop at the end. I have never found a person who liked beer but disliked Snow Plow.
Their smiles focused on one another...as we see Spring bringing forth new life.
I hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving. I have much to be thankful for although sometimes I forget to count my blessings but I'm working on correcting this.
1 tree
The waitress admitted to a bout of brain-freeze when she served me something I did not order. What she slipped in front of me was the Uova Milanese, or two eggs fried with breadcrumbs, asparagus, Parmesan and roasted potatoes. She said that she would just give it to me, box it, as she'd have to just toss it otherwise. So I nibbled on the asparagus while my real dish was being prepared. I had the eggs at home for dinner - wow. I would have never guessed what adding a few breadcrumbs to the top of fried eggs would do. It was great, even reheated.
Have I the Right? It's all very Bay City Rollers but that's no bad thing.
Lizabeth Scott does a fantastic job in both roles, taking on two personalities with ease! There were no real monsters in Lizzie's career, but she was in "Scared Stiff" with Martin and Lewis, and co-starred with Elvis in the 1957 feature "Loving You!" Also before Hollywood she toured with the "Hellzapoppin'" road show! Born Emma Matso, Lizabeth will turn 90 this year!
This is just my method and it has served me well. To the one who asked the question, I hope I answered it. I hope you find the way that works for you. Cliche: we all have to go through it. You can’t avoid it. So ride it, don’t fight it. Minimize the damage and then rebuild.
This problem snowballs with a huge number of other none-too-unusual obstacles that would face your average zombie in an urban locale. They aren’t thinking creatures in the same way that a guy who murders his wife and kids in a red-tinged rage-filled haze is. They are going to do stupid things, like walk through plate glass, swim after you until they drown (What? Zombies can’t drown you say? Bullshit–see part 3), get hit by cars, fall down open manholes, electrocute themselves on third rails, and, perhaps most importantly, be unable to find you.
The first is such a beautiful colour, I REALLY want it! The same goes for number two, I have spotted a really lovely colour that I just have to buy! The nude nail varnish is a little bit browner than skin colour, but I would love to try it as I don't own any Maybelline polishes.
This is because, well, we all know how annoying it is when you’re the one with something so interesting to tell and the person you’re trying to tell keeps cutting you off.
I found this biography to be a well-written, thoughtful, loving tribute to Trigiani’s Italian grandmothers. Their wisdom, faith and work ethics are shared with a dash of humor. I particularly enjoyed the latter part of the book which imparted their views on relationships. What they believed made a lot of sense to me.
None of these were the unmitigated triumph that I had secretly hoped for, but they were all drinkable, and were a decent change of pace idea when all you have is the same stuff you've been drinking for weeks on end.
Malts: Pale, caramelmunich 60L, extra special, carapils
So much has changed in 10 years, though, and South Africans have changed.
3. Englewood Beach
and a long story to go with it -
In compact cameras you have rarely an included memory, while it's often present in reflexes even thought has usually a low capacity. Most of the times you have to choose your own card, and, between brands, capacity, speed and price, it happens often to be pretty confused.
Writing a Book with Online Publishing. Are you wondering How Do I Get Published? Where to Get Published? or looking for a Publishing How to? If you are Writing a Book call Wiseologie at 760 631-2631.
Hello again dear reader,
Boys ask “extra rice” while girls have left-over on their plates. This is not true in all cases. This is not a gender issue but I can attest on this. Reality check: Please observe.
I'll be following the fortunes of Seizure with great interest. Any attempt to launch a new (or maybe rather old) publishing model in the present bookselling climate is both bold and admirable.
After getting a few more di:stage blocks in the mail today, I decided to share a little bit about what they are exactly.
It’s not something I am proud of, yet also not something I am ashamed to do — but after polishing off a packet of one of these candies, I can’t help but gather the remaining sugar along the bottom of the bag and eat it. Now, I have varying methods. Sometimes I outright lick the bag. Other times I turn the bag over and pour it directly into my mouth. My preferred technique? Swiping my index finger along the sugary piles until gone.
greatest Jamaican oxtail stew cook to ever walk this earth died. Her name was Coralee Ivadney Vaughn, and she was my grandmother. That same year I wrote a poem called “Heaven-Bound Oxtails,” and the poem would go on to win $500 in some bootleg poetry competition. But Moms (my grandmother) would have been so proud. I often think of her preparing Jamaican oxtail stew for God and all the angels. I imagine everyone from Bob Marley to John F. Kennedy, Jr. chewing bones and laughing, those sin-tender oxtails taking their palates to places way beyond the firmament. I know there are many Jamaican take-out spots serving mediocre oxtail. Shame on you! When oxtails are made with love and care, the dish becomes foie-gras- delicate. This isn’t Moms’ recipe as she died before I got a chance to get hers, but this is pretty damn good, too. Enjoy!
A4 Decoupage Die-cut sheet - Bt The Fire x 2
thats when it happened. thats when i was moon-cooled... a light fairy
A1. First Use All The G's (10:05)
Bad cooking happens when things fall out of balance. Temperature. Tastes. Textures. A cook's focus. A cook's attitude. Have you ever eaten a meal with so much technique that the kitchen forgot about the actual taste? Have you ever had a meal so rustic you were left wondering if the kitchen was just slopping it out? Remember that night on the line where you were so focused on your meat temps that your veg was constantly scorched? Remember that night on the line when you were having so much fun that you kept forgetting to add that garnish you worked on for an hour? Balance is essential to good cooking--on every level, and in every position. It's the most difficult thing to achieve--and when it's happening, it's almost invisible. A cook's personality in general is not balanced. A group of people, given to such highs and lows, and dedicated only to pleasure and sensuality...where do you find balance in that?
I have a terrible feeling that this will be swept under the carpet, however. Nothing to see here, no useful lessons to be learned - just another day in our multicultural paradise, where those who have served us and defended us are abused and attacked in the street. After all, they're generally hideously white; it's not as if they're important or special in any way.
We ate at 6:10, and both boys ate their spaghetti. I made angel hair pasta and cut it up into manageable pieces, and they both liked it. I feel like this is major progress because William hasn't liked spaghetti up to now. Granted, neither one cleaned his plate, but I was satisfied with what they ate. The had both filled up on watermelon as I was cutting it up, but that's okay. I'm just happy to have another meal that we can all eat together!
President Obama's appeasement and enablement of the Muslim Brotherhood is going to bear fruit even he never imagined.
When I beheld him in the desert vast,
I screamed and cursed the entire way, promised retribution to no one in particular if I dumped the car in the creek. I didn't. Somehow, I didn't.
I can only hope than my own emotional ineptitude doesn't get in the way.
Then last night, thanks to 'adverse weather conditions' as they are politely known, one of our leading men got stuck in traffic on his way to the theatre. "Did he arrive in time?" I hear you cry. No, dear reader, he did not. Eventually we decided to bring the curtain up anyway, slightly late, dressed a willing yet nervous director in the character's costume, handed him a script (which we hoped he would be able to see without his specs) and with a hearty amount of Blitz spirit and back slapping, shoved him onto the stage. He did very well, he has, after all, been directing the play for the last few months so knows it inside and out. But as I have mentioned before in other posts, there are magic tricks in this play, which he can't do, certainly not holding a script, so things were never going to go quite according to plan.
“I see you are ready,” Mr Marshall murmured somewhere very near Obadiah’s ear.
Take a look this week at how wanting is present in your life. I have spoken much of practicing non-resistance to what is in past blogs. Wanting is the exact opposite of non-resistance. When we want, we are either pushing the flow or resisting it. We are in a state of disconnect, feeling lack and wanting more. There is nothing wrong with the desire for fulfillment, when it comes from a relaxed place of joy. When it comes from lack, we are trying to fill ourselves up from a place that does not believe we can be fulfilled, so the cycle continues.
Lord Dormir: I beg your pardon sir. You are in my spot.
planting and growing of vegetables in our state. Create and design
Koto Bolofo for Margaret Howell
‘Just like that. Said they can’t give it to consultants anymore. Kind of leaves me in a jam.’
This started an interesting example of adult peer pressure. As I left the group, the couple we traveled with said they were going to hike down. (Hubby was up for the zip.) I expected to see my husband come down the line after me, but to my surprise, I saw his friend…followed by his friend’s wife…then my husband. When asked why the change of heart, here’s the explanation I got:
I’ll share the method of story-boarding that seems to be working for me. I’m always interested in discovering other writer’s ways, such a strange lot we are.
8/15/11, a game best remembered for james loney hitting into a triple play in the second inning, also included navarro being thrown out at the plate by jerry hairston (now a dodger) with kottaras applying the tag in the third inning. the score was 0-0 at that point, and the dodgers went on to lose 3-0. worth noting that navarro flew out in the 7th inning with the bases loaded while all three brewer runs came on solo shots.
p.s. if you feel the need to light a cigarette and take long, soulful puffs....you're not alone but try to resist.
Going through the photos we chose for the album, I find myself tearing up as all the emotions from that day come rushing back. Our photographers did an amazing job capturing our day, and being able to see our wedding from the 'after' perspective is nothing short of incredible.
Location: Brookings, SD
The second rule of fashion is just because an outfit looks stunning on a friend of relatively the same size and stature, (the relative here being in her favour rather than mine) it doesn’t mean it is going to look good on me. I went to a dance a couple of weeks ago, styled as a ‘Barefoot Ball’, held on a beach attached to a sailing club, with a dress code of boardshorts and dinner jackets for men and cocktail type dresses for ladies. As I floundered around in a state of wardrobe despair a friend kindly came to my aid with a dress of sufficient glamour and laid back chic that I immediately had one of those ‘yes yes yes’ moments of imagined triumph, completely forgetting past experience with ruffles and silk. I pulled the grey silk –floaty- milkmaid style creation over my head convinced I was going to emerge like Tess of the D’Urbervilles wandering dreamily through mist filled fields. Well ho ho to that, to my disbelief I did indeed look like a milkmaid, but perhaps rather more of the genuine article, brawny and bucolic are the words that came to mind – in actual fact there was a strong resemblance to a cowman in drag.
I usually don’t venture far from the Engineering Quad. I’m not afraid of a whole lot, but I’m afraid of seeing her, hearing her, or even hearing of her. I struggle with the fact that she’s probably doing fine and I’m not. Five months after the fact and I’m still trying to piece myself back together. It’s a good day if I only think about her once or twice. It’s a good day if I’m so swamped from work that I don’t have time to make myself food to eat, because that means I also don’t have time for stray thoughts that are inevitably of her.
Well, that excludes us, folks. My daughter will be friend-less in this neighborhood!!! :o(
David O. Russell (Three Kings)
Would you believe I worked on this for nearly three days? Well, not every minute, but it took me three days of think, cutting, coloring and gluing for it to come to completion. The pumpkin image is from Designed2delight, I printed them on vellum then colored them with Zig markers, I don't have any oranges in Copic. I cut the tree from the Simply Charmed cartridge. I placed the tree and the moon on my card base, placed the vellum over it and then glued the bat and phrase on the vellum. I am entering this in the Friday's image challenge over at Designed2delight. Well, I was going to enter it, but I can't get into their website so I cannot vouch for the link.
as he would attack a forlorn hope.
As a youngster he became a production assistant at various Bristol Theatres. In 1917, barely in his teens, he joined Bob Pender’s Knockabout Comedians. The company toured the provinces for the next couple of years. In 1920, they boarded the Olympic for a booking in America. The troupe opened at the Hippodrome in a revue called “Good News”, which ran for 9 months. In 1921 they toured the Keith Circuit, with a final gig at the Palace in 1922.
In Part Two of my post on Kevin Brooks (coming later this week), I’ll be sharing an interview he did with a group of teens. And now I’m off to write, write, write before settling down with another of Kevin’s books – The Road of the Dead.
One new blogging friend is Kyle over at Juuust A Bit Outside. Kyle stormed onto the scene in the second half of 2011. He seems like a good soul. I took part in a break he ran earlier and then joined a card draft he held. (Or was it the draft and then the break?)
I have my own stories about Australian wine which I won’t get into now…suffice to say I have a few bottles of Barossa wine in the cellar that I will happily open and write about on Weds. April 25 for WBW #76–the return of the Barossa Boomerang!
While the turkey was baking and filling the house with its pungent garlic scent, I fixed a tasso and shrimp cornbread stuffing. This is a very easy side dish to prepare. Just mix equal parts cornbread and French bread, add some sautéed onions and celery, fresh jalapeno peppers, chopped cooked shrimp and tasso. Stir in some salt, pepper and cayenne pepper with some chicken stock and bake.
recording sheet included.
Ilana asks whose grave it is.
Driven Under
The plot depicts the last "mysterious" days of Edgar Allan Poe's life, where the drunken, broke, narcissistic and egotistical writer is suffering from writer's block and certain financial ruin. His beloved' father would rather shoot Poe than see him breathe the same air as his daughter, and his literary genius is sadly under-appreciated.
If you’re lucky enough to wake up, that is.
“You look great, Jody!” TWB Girl said back, “You do, I promise.”
Yesterday, Lima was hit by a 7.0 earthquake. Now, when I use the figure “7.0″, I am referring to the Richter Magnitude Scale which goes from 1.0 to 10.0 and is logarithmic. That means that a 7.0 quake is twice as strong as a 6.0 tremor, which itself is twice as strong as a 5.0 shaker.
* Postscript: Jane Holland's statement about risk is an important one in relation to the competition culture. As she is implying, the risk of failure is built into experimentation - not only the failure of acceptance created by the conventional expectations of others but true aesthetic failure. But who wants to risk failure in a competition? Thus competitions can contribute towards a conventionalization of our short-story culture...
Do you remember the stretcher-cases lurching back
16 Jessica Slechta W Thousand Oaks, CA 11:44.6 36:29.05
The four very catchy, sometimes amusing videos I've posted here represent hiplife/highlife PSAs broadcast over radio and television. These songs are rather unusual, and most are incredibly catchy. First (above) is a popular commercial from 2007, which explains in musical form the logistics of the currency change which occurred that same year. Unfortunately the artist is unknown. This is also one of the catchiest songs ever!
Religion:
A pious religious man even argued “that birth control advocates sought to weaken” this country.
:: I also find it fitting that I'd be really mean after receiving exactly 3500 comments, none of which have ever really been mean. In any way. Although, there was the one about me writing trash, but that just inspired a whole frikken post out of me and made me take a picture of the crap that was actually in my trash can, so whatever mean there ever was in the comment was gloriously cancelled out. Correct?
Crotch Topiary & Other Delights - I admit I started simple, I realised my teenage dream of having a Winona-inspired heart emblazoned on my mound. It was perfect. I used Contact paper to design my heart and just went to town pulling out every hair that was not covered.
I tried duct tape…which worked for a week…until the weather got hot and the duct tape stretched and the lamp flopped over! So, I gave up…Then I tried straight metal brackets…kind of good, but the whole thing was really crooked and floppy. I gave up again…Then I bent the metal bracket with pliers, put them against the two parts and duct taped them on…stretched again, lamp flopped over! Finally, I added a screw bracket used on plumbing hoses….
November 1, 2011
Good LAWD. So effin’ funny.
2 tbsp grated parmesan
1 cup of arborio rice, mix well
Deschutes loves this beer, as you can tell from their description:
When I looked at her in horror, she said, “Well, why shouldn’t you have what everyone else has?”
This afternoon my laptop had finally finished his repair.
Much of the discomfort of people with autism comes from society. As a society, we point out different people and we exclude people on the basis of appearance or abilty.
We were steaming along a 22 or 23 knots, not reducing speed at all, in spite of the many warnings of the presence of ice, which had come in from other ships during the afternoon and evening.
“These are the same people who were involved with the assault on pressmen during the Anti-Lynas Himpunan Hijau rally in Padang Kota.
I've been thinking A LOT lately about dirt, soil, organic matter, compost, manure, microorganisms, soil amendments, etc. It's been a while since we finished building the raised garden bed and since then, we've spent a lot of time trying to figure out what's going to go in it. Not the fun stuff like plants, herbs, or veggies but the soil. We're probably making this harder than we have to, but I think we're just a bit overwhelmed because we want to make sure we do it right.
"On Oct. 16, 1916, she opened the first birth control clinic in the nation at 46 Amboy St. in Brooklyn. No fewer than 150 baby-buggy-pushing women from the Brownsville area lined up to pay a 10-cent registration fee. On October 25, policemen and, to her chagrin, a policewoman, raided her clinic. Sanger was charged with distributing birth control information and was imprisoned for 30 days."
My first exposure to Small, when they shared a bill in Wilmington with Archers of Loaf, was good enough to boost them to my fave-band status around 1993-94. Within the year-ish I'd gathered up most of their available music and continued to do so whenever the new-release radar beeped.
Do unschoolers skip all that? You bet your ass.
gets to add her own special touch, too.
The design wasn’t original, not by a long shot; half a dozen old appropriate tech books from the Seventies have the same design or its kissing cousin, and it’s one of a half dozen or so standard designs that came out of the ferment of those years. The most important difference was between horizontal axis from vertical axis models. A horizontal axis wind turbine is the kind most people think of, with blades like a propeller facing into the wind and a tail or some other gimmick to pivot it around in the right direction. A vertical axis wind turbine is less familiar these days, though you used to see examples all over the place back in the day; the business end looked either like one side of an eggbeater – the Darreius turbine – or an oil drum cut in half lengthwise, and the two sides staggered around the vertical shaft – the Savonius turbine. Some of the standard designs yielded high speed and low torque, which is what you want for generating electricity; some of them produced high torque and low speed, which is what you want for pumping water or most other uses of mechanical power.
I used a mix of 6x6 and 12x12 papers from the Kissing Booth range, and added a shipboard element. The image is from Krista Smith's Saturated Canary digi range, and I coloured her with promarkers. As the dps are a bit detailed and busy I left it at that .. .no embellies!
His rally at the White House for his bill was predictably a cross section of what support the Democratic Party and its leader have: Unions, government workers and black people.
Beer Consumed During Writing: Velvet of course, had to sacrifice one for the photo.
According to Wikipedia, “A typical species becomes extinct within 10 million years of its first appearance although some species, called living fossils survive virtually unchanged for hundreds of millions of years. Most extinctions have occurred naturally, prior to Homo sapiens walking on Earth: it is estimated that 99.9% of all species that have ever existed are now extinct.” The Endangered Species Act (ESA) was passed in 1973 at the height of the period in which Congress became enthralled with any legislation purported to save the planet and to regulate anything and everything that had to do with the environment. It is a complete failure. In 1999, Jamie Rappaport Clark, then the director of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (FDS), told a congressional committee that “…in 25 years of implementing the ESA, we have found that designation of ‘official’ critical habitat provides little additional protection to most listed species, while it consumes significant amounts of scare conservation resources.”.....
Crazy things had begun. About a year ago the church we were married at in Minnesota launched a Congo ministry. We teased about moving back just to be a part of the ministry- forget needing a job, we just wanted to be a part of this ministry and some how have Congo- here. Then there were many other little details that we had in our heads that we would like to change if we ever moved back. Slowly all of those details began to change to just what we had hoped for.
Alcohol By Volume : 7.00%
Every 5 days or so I get the urge to buy something. Quite frankly this is not good for anyone involved, particularly my bank account. This week I'm justifying it with "My birthday is on Monday.. I must need to buy every piece of Zara's spring collection" attitude. But still. It's a problem. Here are a few random things I want to buy but have no business purchasing:
No doubt this is a very divisive beer, but I loved it (though 3oz were plenty). The cucumber hits the tongue immediately - light and refreshing while the habanero spice comes through in the finish. I am not generally a fan of pepper spiced beers and I wouldn't really want a whole pint of this, but it is a successful experiment and worth a taste at least.
My sweetie's last day at work is next Wednesday - Lord willing, for good! He gets to go full time at our church June 1. God is so good - we never expected to serve in a church full time a year out of Bible college. We feel truly blessed. =)
I've also danced with people that have looked at me crazy when I asked them how their day was going.
5) Remember 3-1-1: You may take toiletries that 3 ounces or less that fit in a one quart-size clear plastic bag and one bag per person must be placed in the screening bin.
“What are you, a detective or a relationship expert?”
In the above photo, you can see his “big bone”, a rope bone that is the only toy he plays with.
Welcome to the new Daily Painters of Pennsylvania Challenge Blog for January!
FIVE
But while getting basic certification and initial training in place would be a huge step, these actions do not deal with the skills shortage at the ‘mid-level’ of the industry. Even if they were universally embraced, they would only address the foundations on which the industry is built. Our industry is faced with a potential crisis around 2012-2013 when the ‘missing middle’ effect will be exaggerated as economies recover from the recent financial meltdown. That is when we will see the real effect of the marked cut-back in recruitment that has occurred in the past 18 months.
On to my project: I created this for my son, his friend, and his cousin. I am taking them out this weekend to celebrate my baby's 7th Birthday. My son is all about the music so I know he's going to love this shirt.
It’s titled “The Sketchbook Project 2013” and people who participate will get their sketchbooks placed in the Brooklyn Art Library. In order to be a part of this exciting venture, all you need to do is pay up a bit and get your very own sketchbook all the way to your address, which you can fill with photos, cut outs, poems, pictures, stories or travel experiences.
14 Angels
Kotorino play creaky music flavored with European waltzes, Latin Tango and rural Americana. Sometimes they are a large ensemble, including strings, horns and drums, sometimes it can be a banjo and lonely musical saw, regardless of the instrumentation the original music always enchants and entertains.
First question for any readers out there: How the hell do you learn Quebecois French when you aren’t in high school?!
and in misty weather loomed
Sauteed Lime Butter Scallops
“It wasn’t real.”
This incident has reminded me how fragile our lives are. We never know who or what will happen even in the next minute. We take for granted that we are safe and secure in our worlds. The idea of violence or cruelty seldom enters our minds; it isn't what we would do, but we forget not everyone shares our values. Yet, we mustn't forget that there are many who don't have this assurance. And, we must work to bring peace, safety, and kindness in any way we can.
Their life stories are grandly told, from the time they were young, but the passing of a Veteran goes unnoticed, and unsung.
As I mentioned a few days ago, I am currently in my summer travel planning zone. School is almost over, the weather is beckoning me to come hither…so basically I am forced to start setting my sights on a summer plan that will leave me feeling amazingly relaxed, while leaving my face with a perma-smile for a few weeks into the next school year in September.
The Center for LifeLong Learners has been collaborating with L.A. Works since 1983 when I first came on board as the new Executive Director. You put the call out to volunteers and corporations to help us paint the interior of our building. As a result, we had 100 volunteers from UCLA’s Anderson School of Business and developed our first corporate sponsorship with Forest City Enterprises, a downtown real estate development firm. It was the beginning of a great relationship!
Supposedly, Ivan Marx--the tracker whose quest is documented in this film, and who supposedly took the blurry images of Bigfoot--was a leader in the field of Bigfoot research. I am definitely in the wrong line of work. The bar for being taken seriously in the field of Bigfoot scholarship must be seriously low, perhaps even lower than that in the field of studying scantily clad women to prove they cause earthquakes.
My first review comes out next month and I hope you’ll check it out. If your child has a rating scale, I’d like to know what it is!
While Forest City Ratner says it owns or controls 90 percent of the project site, that percentage is a bit misleading; of ten buildings that still contain rental tenants, six are owned by the developer. Even though those six buildings are counted in the 90 percent, FCR has not yet gotten tenants in those buildings to move.
Welcome to my new craft, food, & photography party.
It is one of those books where police is shown as corrupt but intelligent, they take bribes from dance bars but also solve murder cases, they are ready to dance to the tunes of their bosses and underworld but when it comes to security of their city and country they know how to draw the line, they take care of the families of martyrs, they fall in love and they also make mistakes. In essence, they are humans and just like other common people.
Mr Vikram Nair was extremely upset with TOC for twisting his words to mislead Singaporeans and accused the site of attributing ‘lies’ to him.
less than two years ago, i gathered enough courage to take pictures. i was, forever, not sure that i could capture the beauty that surrounded me. in any case, i began with my crappy cellphone camera, then to a super-slim camera (to sooth my mid-life crisis), finally to a used DSLR. i had no idea (nor do i know much more now) what i was doing. there were all these technical sounding words that made no sense (yes i know i am an engineer and if the stereotype applied then i should be able to understand all this stuff but i don't so i must be a weird kind of engineer). all i know is that i see people, i hear the music, i move with them, and i push the button.
2. France Chance
The total mileage for this hike was just about 10 miles and all of us felt every bit of it. We all came through happy and healthy and ready to hike another day….
**1976…Hmm. Sums up our lives today pretty well?!? The fun starts at 1:35…**
Oh no, this baby momma who was sleeping with her boyfriend in her mother's house didn't! And Bristol Palin is a bully to boot. Picking on children. Well, the apple doesn't fall too far from the tree. Bristol is the product of an unstable, dysfunction, sucessionist family full of con artists that fall under the category of golddiggers with her mother being the number one crook.
I suppose I should have gone in with more trepidation as this is essentially a remake of Christopher Nolan's Memento, a film which a fucking adore, but I was sick and it was the middle of the night when I started it, so maybe my brain just wasn't ready to be its normal jaded self.
THANK YOU, EVERYONE, FOR YOUR SUPPORT OF THE LITERARY LAB. None of these anthologies would have been possible without you!
Shall she not find in comforts of the sun,
"Even the social workers agree that he should be kept there. It is in his best interest that he stays there," Majavu said.
On some level or another, we all have some crazy s*it. Now that I’ve put all mine out there, I ask you: What crazy sh*t have you done related to breakups or unhealthy relationships? Don’t leave me hanging out here alone now! And you know, the first step to recovery is admitting you have a problem!
as you can tell…This is my aunt Barb and Kyle being crazy!
Scratch that. Imagine her horror when she got beyond the confusion of the deathtrap and realized her youngest child was crouched down in the wagon, barely visible except for an old bicycle helmet, holding onto the wagon handle to manuever his vehicle safely down the makeshift track. My brother: the human crash test dummy.
Refers to something that is stupid or ridiculous. El sistema de transporte es una boludez.
This general quietness means that a human has to focus and concentrate and attend to her in a persistent and consistent manner to enter into much of her world....at least that is how Nessie operates. Different rabbits, like different dogs or different cats or different humans, have different styles. Some are boisterous and wild, some are quiet and calm. Nessie tends toward the calm and quiet...but....she has a major temper and doesn't flinch at letting you know when she is displeased. Having a bunny give you the squinty stink-eye is sort of intimidating, having a bunny rip out with a full loud growl when lunging toward you is startling and scary. Nope, she is not a shrinking violet...just a fairly quiet one. And we are honored (pretty much) that this quiet one graces us with her presence. :-)
This post has nothing to do with decorating. For Winter. Or for holidays.
Serves 8.
Spring has me in a birdie mood lately, so I had just the idea of something I wanted to try. I glued the music paper to heavy cardstock, punched some of my own circles and constructed this:
Invented for the worst mistakes
Josh Hamilton is making over $13 million this year. Peanuts. That's just peanuts compared to what he'll get this off-season if the Rangers can't sign him before he hits free agency. He's leading the Majors in the Triple Crown categories. Not just the A.L. All of baseball. He's hitting .400, has 18 homers and 44 RBIs.
Journal of Intellectual Property Law & Practice (2012) doi: 10.1093/jiplp/jps033, first published online: March 14, 2012
A smooth civilised track gave us false hopes about how easy it would be to climb the mountain, we soon realised that to get to the top would require ascending a rocky slope between two large outcops of granite. The climb was well worth it and we spent a good hour or more surveying the landscape and trying to work out which mountain was which before climbing down and heading home.
The professors have been amazing. Some, I’m fortunate enough to call my mentors. They’ve been there to answer questions, add support and help even when it wasn’t class related. They’ve edited my pieces before my “real editors” took a look and brought me back on track when I dabbled in PR.
FACT: During the asteroid scene in The Empire Strikes Back, one of the asteroids is actually a potato.
And I want you by my side
One of the claims that NAMA uses to shield itself from suspicions of malfeasance or incompetence is Ireland’s Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) which has a permanent team in situ at NAMA’s HQ in Treasury Building in central Dublin. Oddly enough NAMA has retained an external company, Deloitte and Touche to provide “internal audit services” and it is the role of the CAG to conduct the external audit. The CAG also produces special reports on NAMA which is particularly confusing as the only report so far produced on NAMA’s acquisition phase strays clearly into the area of internal audit. On Tuesday this week, Minister for Finance Michael Noonan in reply to a parliamentary question from Independent TD, Stephen Donnelly amplified a little the resourcing and role of the CAG at NAMA. He said that in 2011, the CAG expended the equivalent of nine man-years examining NAMA and that it spent €80,000 engaging the Valuation Office and a law firm to examine aspects of the NAMA valuation and acquisition of loans.
I don’t know, maybe I have not been looking for work hard enough, or maybe I have been unrealistic about getting a job. Like I said, I have friends that are happy to just live life as it is, and if a job comes later, great, but right now life is without one. I have other friends who are on the highway to creating their future, meeting people, doing things that impact the world, and getting paid for it. Both of these groups are rich; richer than I am, because they have friends they meet through work, or through living in houses with millions of people and they meet other people, and other people and their social network grows. They all have people they can fall on outside of their parents homes.
I hope to be able to shed some light on these issues in future posts, and I am always happy for readers to contribute with their own thoughts.
She reiterated a lot of what we had heard from ortho, including the many uncertainties that come with our complex girl...
Something drastic needs to be done to curb the current state of police lawlessness.
Daddies never crumble in a day
Word Blog: Custom business cards within Term
My New Year's goals:
992 **D-X/26(B)/1987. “Education and the Constitution.” The University of Tennessee, Chattanooga, Tennessee. (Incorporated in Item C-1991(2), above, pp. 1060-71.)
2nd Shelf - baking goods & chips.
But, do you want to pay for this shit?
Spoilers in
But can you wait to do your strategic thinking until your annual cycle calls for it? The business environment just isn’t that predictable.
Cieds Collective, India ; Forum for African Women for Solidarity Economy, Senegal
He stressed that a vote for DAP is a vote for PAS.
Sathavy Kim recounts the treacherous days in 1975 following the invasion of Phnom Pen by the Khmer Rouge. She and her extended family fled together, working the black market until they had not a single possession to trade for food. They were rounded up with the other non-peasants, identifiable by their lighter skin and soft hands as upper-class, and forced to live with a family of workers until further word.
Mamma, stop. I counting windows.
The second class of passage comprises those in which the term monogenes is used, traditionally translated ‘only-begotten’. These are all, with the exception of one, in the writings of John — John 1:14, 18; 3:16, 18; 1 John 4:9, together with Hebrews 11:17. All the Johannine passages refer to Jesus, but the passage in Hebrews refers to Isaac. It is widely held today that the term should simply be translated ‘only’, not ‘only-begotten’, and when (outside the New Testament) it is used without reference to children this is certainly so; but because of the extreme frequency of the language of begetting and being born (the same term in Greek) in the Johannine literature, it is held by some that ‘only-begotten’ is, in this case, a better translation. It certainly seems to make better sense in John 1:14, where the word is used without a noun, and also in John 1:18, if ‘God’ and not ‘Son’ is the noun in question (as some maintain, following a variant reading). In the former verse, ‘glory as of the only-begotten from the Father’ is more meaningful than ‘glory as of the only one from the Father’, and in the latter verse ‘the only-begotten God’ can more meaningfully be said to make the Father known than ‘the only God’ can. Furthermore, if 1 John 5:18 refers to Jesus as ‘he that was begotten of God’, which is what most commentators believe, it is hard not to see this as relevant to the interpretation of the five passages containing monogenes, especially the three in which (as in this verse) the Father is called ‘God’.
Now we must look beyond the social and financial costs of the World Cup and focus on what it promised the abandoned black child in search of approval from its indifferent white father. The success of the World Cup moved our former philosopher-king to enthuse: "A giant step forward has been taken towards achieving the goal of destroying the age-old negative stereotype of Africa and the Africans. Similarly, as Africans we have also made an important statement to ourselves that we are as capable as any in the world to organise for success that brings a sense of fulfilment to billions."
-Serve it with ranch or ketchup!!
41. So I heard you got the hots for me!
Follow on! Till the gold is cold.
Just the other day, I was presenting to a group of students. I was enjoying the moment, but happened to look at the clock. “Oh dear, I need to finish this so I can go do what I really want to do.” I had a schedule. I needed to leave and any delay would interfere with my fun. These are the times I attempt to reign the future back in and return to present moment living. Sometimes I am successful and sometimes I am not.
Let It Go by TD Jakes
It doesn’t really taste like beer with a raspberry tang as much as it tastes like a beer cocktail with raspberry flavored soda. Remember the shandy? Yeah, it’s kind of like that. I didn’t hate it. I didn’t love it. I drank one, and left the other 5 in my fridge, hopefully to offer to a more girlier girl than me.
This report provides the inventory of three types of plutonium: weapons grade, fuel grade, and power reactor grade, based on the percentage of 240Pu that is contained in the plutonium. “Weapon grade plutonium contains less than 7 percent Pu-240. Fuel grade plutonium contains from 7 percent to less than 19 percent Pu-240, and power reactor grade contains from 19 percent and greater Pu-240…. The U.S. Plutonium inventory is composed of 85.0 MT of weapon grade, 13.2 MT of fuel grade, and 1.3 MT of reactor grade.” (pg. 17)
Flag cerulean-sunny flag, with the orbs of night dappled!
It pours very lively into the glass, very dark drop with red flashes when held to the light with a thick creamy tan head. Smells roasty with metallic hint, probably due to the can, I prefer bottle for most drinks as I do find the metal from the can does pass on to the smell of the contents. Despite its low abv, this stout has a nice mouth feel and robust malty hit. It isn't as sweet as Left Hand's version though, although Left Hand's beer is over double the abv at 6% so I'm guessing this is lacking the alcohol sweetness.
You can donate to the rebuilding effort here, or you can support KOOP by going to see the Ugly Beats and Nervous Exits at Beerland this Friday, February 10.
Sometimes it feels really really hard.
“Inside Story” provides lots of insights gleaned from Stott’s personal diary and notes, interviews with friends and careful conversation. In fewer than 300 pages Steer has managed a distillation of 90 years and 50 books. He combines biography and bibliography!
B. A Denial Of The Imminency Of The Return Of Christ
(48) The writer of the book (Daniel) that bears his name selected that particular figure as the one to receive and describe a serious of apocalyptic visions.
down south
Yeah, that is, sadly, a myth. Touring is very expensive and the bigger the band the higher the costs. In order to reach the point where the fee starts to move away from the cost of putting the show on – so that the artist can actually be paid any money when the tour finishes – you need to be among a vanishingly tiny elite. The overheads are just too high and people on the internet’s side should stop using this argument because it isn’t true and it annoys bands whose experience of reading a financial statement is looking at lists of large numbers with dispiriting zeroes at the bottom.
So I'm feeling better from that sick run I had for a while. I'm still deaf in one ear so I'll probably be heading to the doctor again to see what the problem is. But since there's almost no pain now I'm not as concerned as I was before, probably just a wax build up or something. I also lost a bit of weight too (or so everyone is telling me at the very least, I never notice these kinds of things) But that's not important, was is important was that is was my birthday last week and I didn't get any of my gifts until a few days ago since no one was allowed to see me so I couldn't contaminate them. Needless to say, I was pretty dam excited for once since this was technically the first birthday I had on the island since I moved and could actually spend it with my friends, last year I was forced to go to Florida because my mother thought it would be "fun". I ended up getting blisters both my legs bruised for two weeks since I got hurt on almost every ride we went on. In comparison, I think being sick this year was an improvement.
for I am coming back home
JSB—That to some extent what you perceive is going to depend on, for lack of a better way of putting it, what you’re willing to perceive?
This process delivers open and transparent measurements so that you instantly build value, rapport and trust.
Wearing the latest fashion can't save you
I picked up a bottle of Avery Brabant which I hadn't seen here. I already had some Boulevard Imperial Stout to bring back. We got a couple of other beers while there as well. Since I have someone from Wichita coming to KC about once a month, I didn't feel the need to stock up on a bunch of things.
I've never made a secret of the fact that the one and only artistic gorgeous Jen Crossley taught me hands on etching...I say "hands on" as I had read how to do it and watched YouTube how too's but learning hands on was the only way I truly KNEW how to do it....my hands are my real teacher in a class situation. Jen has given me the green light to write this too. I know I didn't necessarily have to ask her as its a technique freely available over the web but I wouldn't have done it without her consent....that's just me :o). Besides Jen has become my friend, inspiration and mentor in more ways then I can think of.
The chocolate cream is versatile too. I love the subtle hint of orange zest, but mint extract, coffee liqueur or a pinch or two of cayenne pepper are all wonderful additions.
“Then Peter said unto her, How is it that ye have agreed together to tempt the Spirit of the Lord?”
Or being hated, don’t give way to hating,
I learned pretty quickly that it wasn't "cool" to be a nerd - especially a nerd of the girl variety. So, I learned to be a little bit "in the closet" about my geek girl tendencies for most of my school years.
Again this week, she was wanting to be nearer to me, so my friend suggested some Ergo time. It is amazing what that does for her! We went on a family walk yesterday and I wore her on my back and O-Bear on my front, and this is what it looked like:
Bruno called him a showman and said his performances keep getting better. Carrie Ann told him he was in the zone. Len told him he came out and exploded on the floor and told Peta that she’s not giving Donald enough.
- Support Increased Funding for the NEA: Over the last 15 years, government funding for the National Endowment for the Arts has been slashed from $175 million annually in 1992 to $125 million today. Barack Obama supports increased funding for the NEA, the support of which enriches schools and neighborhoods allacross the nation and helps to promote the economic development of countless communities.
I have contact not only with Keith but also with a number of others who have obtained my mobile number. Suffice it to say, texting with the MDs made it clear to me that I definitely do not want to be anything other than a ‘friend’ to all of them. Besides it’s likely that they’re being friendly (or flirty or both) to me because of drinks they hope to obtain when the girls and I return. I have no illusions that anything is genuine at this point. If it is, time will tell. If not, I’m not going to be surprised.
This is not working.
but on one page...yikes!
piss stained floors
Before I leave you today, I feel I should mention a retailer that is a Utah institution that will be closing its doors in a little over a week: Roberts Crafts. The website will go on, but the retail store is closing after I don't know how many years. I first came here in 1994 and have been a frequent customer ever since. Such a shame.
for a constant term period. And in doing this, we’ve neglected to tell the client
someone dear to you just left forever
(divide into 8 portion)
I’ve gotten a couple questions about the Latin I’ve chosen to use in the Angelfire series. Linguistics is very cool to me and these were my favorite courses to take in college. I’m pretty darn good with Latin and know the major differences between Classical Latin and Renaissance Latin, which was a revival of the Classical Latin language but Italianized. Our modern understanding of Classical Latin is incomplete. The fluent Latin you hear in church or in Hollywood is typically Italianized and given ecclesiastical pronunciation. I have, however, heard classical pronunciation used in movies, but at the same time, that Latin is syntactically and morphologically Renaissance Latin. Much of the biblical lore and world-building in the Angelfire series is based on Christian Renaissance literature from writers such as Milton and Dante. During one of Ellie’s flashbacks to Ancient Egypt, the demonic reaper calls Ellie “killer” instead of Preliator. Will explains that she was given a Latin title because that was an important language in the ancient world, but the Latin words used for beasties in my series weren’t commonly used among said beasties until the Renaissance period when scholarly folks were all about Latin. Anyway, I've been asked the following questions multiple times and I wanted to take a few minutes to answer them on my blog in case anyone else was curious.
Well gang - this year is what - 14 days old and I'm already tired of it!
ice
So, I will be reading A LOT this summer, hopefully turning myself back into a runner, and losing a lot of weight. Summer of improvement has begun!
Once on the island, which was right out in the middle of nowhere, we had the freedom to discover the fort that dominates the island, trek the seawall that surrounds it, lie on the beach, or go snorkeling. We explored the fort, meandered along the seawall, gazing down into the clearest, blue-green waters I could ever hope to see, and saw lots of these- which weren’t, well, huge-
I spent just over two years working on my novel, writing it and editing it. It only took me a month to write the first draft…
Cardboard circle (about the size of a quarter)
The meta-analysis part comes in the “TVI” column on the right, which summarizes the overall value placed on prospects across all of the expert lists. By looking at it, you can see that generally the scouts agree that Price is awesome, with Beckham and Davis right behind him, and Brignac, Hellickson, and Jennings after that. And that tells you something you didn’t know.
Thumper: “If you are often looking for what to be afraid of you will not notice the sweet flowers and grasses just waiting to be enjoyed (eaten in my case).
Don't give up if you have a failure or two. You'll get there. And most of the time you won't have that annoying sensation that the pill's still in your throat.
This post is a call to action for current and future foster parents. The number of children in state custody in Oklahoma is up by almost 300 this year to 8308. We need more foster parents, but in addition to that, we need foster parents who are willing to reach out to these birth parents. The children in foster care are only the symptom. We have to treat the cause, otherwise we will never have enough foster parents. Many of these parents are orphans too. Both the birth moms of our 3 foster children were raised in foster care. They aged out of the system, which means that when they turned 18, they were on their own with no help. They have both told me that they didn't know nice foster parents existed. I can only hope and pray that God has put us in their lives and in their children's lives to break the cycle.
The defendant told the court he was leaving the protest site in Humberstone Gate East and was being ushered towards the train station when he uttered the offensive chant.
The influence of the American South on the artistic world is immense: not only feeding artists into the world but inspiring, influencing and even producing artistic offspring. The American stage has been just as duly influenced by the South, though possibly to a lesser extent than other artistic realms. The South has produced numerous actors and actresses to grace its boards such as Huntsville, Alabama’s Tallulah Bankhead; Harlem, Georgia’s Oliver Hardy and Charleston, South Carolina’s Stephen Colbert. Columbus, Mississippi, a city with an especially interesting history produced one of America’s greatest playwrights, Tennessee Williams, whose work has influenced generations of writers and other artists. Louisville, Kentucky has, in recent decades, gained influence on the American stage with the annual Humana Festival of New American Plays. This festival has brought notice to a whole new legion of American playwrights and promoted new plays such as Donald Margulies’ Dinner with Friends, Jane Martin’s Keeley and Du and Beth Henley’s Crimes of the Heart.
2. She leaves your jaw dropped to the floor with disbelief of all you can do without the fingers you THOUGHT you needed.
I’ve just come across an excellent article on this very subject – the link is here. It was interesting to read, as many of the words that this writer uses are also banned in my house and have been for a long time. Here’s my list (I try to keep it short so that the children remember!).
Good people to a deep friendship!.
Drawer 6: Random drawer. In the back are all the old polishes from my childhood that I can't part with yet but don't really consider a part of my "stash." I'm starting to turn them into frankens or just throw them away when they are really useless or not worth the effort of cleaning out. There's also my Elf polishes, Island Girl, LA Colors/LA Girl, and Ardene. Pumpkin and Snowman polishes, too.
· horror
The elevation of such people for the sake of diversity has not improved our country, it has further undermined it, for they are, quite naturally working in the interests of their own races, which is something we, as Europeans, are no longer permitted to do.
Scorching our wings
While my husband prefers to drink spirits either neat or on the rocks, I like my hard liquor well-mixed in a cocktail. So, Diva's event was a perfect way for Mr. Noodle to concoct a refreshment that would maintain the smooth flavor of bourbon he so enjoys, with additional flavors that appeal to me. Once again, we found inspiration in the garden by infusing Kentucky bourbon (Jim Beam, in this case) with fresh rosemary and mint. The result is a deliciously cool cocktail, perfect for sipping as you sit on the porch on a hot, humid summer night - or just imagining you're sitting on a porch on a hot, humid summer night . . .
"Thank you. I actually got them from a homeboy that looks like he could be related to you." Her smile was genuine. I swam through her brightened brown eyes for the tiny moment we exchanged these words.
Let’s let Ruth M. Wright and Dr. Alfredo Valencia Zegarra, authors of our Guidebook explain as they do on page 55…
Have fun shooting!
your bills. You impose the charges upon us and put us in prison
Today’s prayer: Lord, only You can form a conscience in an instant. It will take me a lifetime to help shape the consciences of Your blessings so that they choose to regret unkind actions, instead of just being upset by the consequences of their actions. Please grant me patience and the abundant grace I will need to set a good example for them at all times. Thank You for their willingness to forgive, and their nascent understanding that You rejoice whenever one of Your children turns from self-serving thoughts and deeds in a spirit of loving repentance. You forgive us freely, without holding our transgressions over our heads or carrying grudges, and we would follow You. Please teach us to speak, think, and act with the mercy we would have shown to us.
Does it seem that our society has made a gentleman’s agreement in regards to “stuff” that we should know? And the means in which this information is delivered is based on facts not knowledge: “You should eat a LvL 5 Vegan diet to run faster.” Why? “Well, it helped me so why would it not help you?” I don’t know? “Well Nickleback is the best band ever!” OK,please explain why that is so?
A year is a precious thing. It is a chunk of life... a whole cycle of possibilities, of things said and done, of things left unsaid and undone ... of dreaming dreams, of giving in to fears, of loss ... and, of hope.
Peggy was only 22 then. She had dropped out of college in Ohio, and she had come to live with Helen. I’m not sure why she moved to New Mexico, but she moved in with us after my parents separated a year earlier, because my mother was now a single parent, and she felt she needed someone to watch us kids, ages 13, 10, 8 and 5.
As a thank you, I have a special gift for one of my lucky followers:
There are a lot of great RPGs out there...but not nearly enough! Here are a couple of games that I would buy the moment I saw them...but who knows if they'll ever exist. But in my mind this is what they would look like.
Nobody hates Libertarians. Everybody kinda likes at least some of their policies.
Skipped away at lunchtime to the Tower - there to partake of luncheon and a seminar from @IPKat. The law firm, RPC were hosting in their glass castle set beside the water of St Katherine's Dock where once it was suggested OHIM might reside in London.
Read Schuchardt, Wheaton College. Was McLuhan’s Biology The Medium That Begot the Message?
Beaming enlightenment into outer space
- 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Which is nuts.
So even if we are having 'one of those days' with Skwirk I don't have to feel guilty that the children have missed out.
I think that when he wrote that, Scotty hadn't yet read my subsequent post where I argue that trucks and buses will always kill and intimidate, and the only way to transport large loads and large groups of people without disrupting the street is by train.
So, it was quite perplexing to me why when there was no immediate crisis happening, that I was falling apart. "If I could handle things then, during such a crisis, why not now?"
I used the flash in an attempt to show the bit of glitter on the wings (TA pearl spray) and the glitter paper that was used for the outfit. There is also white flocking powder on the balls of her shoes. I'm definitely removing her and keeping her to scrap some pics of the kids running around with these boxes.
What makes marriage work—and what destroys it
I can't see to put on make~up, and didn't wear it when I could.
Dae Su can't contact anyone being wanted for murder. Walking around the city he runs into a group of young thugs who assault him. He wonders "Can fifteen years of imaginary training be put to use?" After beating the whole group, he remarks "It can." A homeless man approaches him on the street, handing Dae Su a wallet and cell phone, remarking "I don't even know where this stuff comes from, so don't even ask." Finding money in the wallet, he enters a sushi bar and tells the woman working there, "I want something that's still alive." The woman thinks that he looks familiar, and he thinks she does too. He realizes he's seen her on TV, as one of the youngest female chefs. He tells her "women's hands are usually warm so they can't make sushi." His phone rings and a man asks if he likes his clothes. Dae Su asks the man on the phone who he is making many guesses which the man tells him are all wrong. He offers "Me, I'm sort of a scholar, and my major is you. A scholar, studying Dae Su, an expert on Dae Su. Who I am isn't important. Why? is important. Think it over. Review your whole lifetime. Since school is over, it's time for your homework right? Keep this in mind, a grain of sand or a rock, in water, they both sink." Dae SU tells the man he knows that he was hypnotized while captive and asks what he was made to do. The man only answers "I miss you. Hurry and come back." The woman chef gives him a live octopus and offers to slice it for him. He doesn't wait and just puts the live octopus in his mouth to take a bite, the tentacles fight as he consumes it.
I blushed her body and face with Pan Pastels. I made a tiny wig cap from silk and attached fine kid mohair which I dyed a deep shade of Strawberry blonde. The curls were made by wrapping small pieces of damp mohair around a fine knitting needle and baking them at 200 degrees in my Deni Oven for about 5 minutes.
Cam started his new job yesterday, and things are going well so far! His office is only about 5 minutes from our house, so it's wonderful that he has such a short commute. After Cam left yesterday morning, I was wondering what I should do with myself when I happened to see an ad on the Greenville Humane Society website saying that they needed fosters for some lab puppies for about a week. Cam and I have been talking about getting a dog for awhile (ok, I've been talking, Cam's been saying it's a bad idea haha), so I thought this is perfect! I would get a little foster puppy, and I'd have it to keep me company while I search for a job and make this first week of Cam being gone a little easier. I went to the Humane Society yesterday afternoon, and picked up a little black lab pup named Tweety. I was given food, his cage, a leash, and his medication. He had an upper respiratory infection, not contagious to humans but he wasn't supposed to be around other dogs. I was also told that since he was still a puppy, he may have some kind of internal parasites, so I wasn't supposed to let him down on the carpet in the apt, because if he went to the bathroom on the carpet, it would be virtually impossible to get rid of the parasite, which would be bad if we got a dog or I were to foster another dog. So since the only areas of our apt that aren't carpeted are our kitchen and our bathrooms, I thought this might be a little bit of a challenge...I had no idea. I brought Tweety home, and by the time we got back to the apartment, he had already peed all over the front seat of my Jeep. Then once we got back, I put him on our deck so I could unload his crate out of the car. I checked the slats of the deck and they're pretty close together, so I thought he'd be perfectly fine for a few minutes. Before I had even unloaded the crate from the car, Tweety had already escaped from the deck and ran to see where I was in the parking lot. I finally got his crate inside and set up, and put him in there for a few minutes with his water dish since it was so hot, and went to try to clean the pee out of my Jeep. By the time I got back, Tweety had spilled his entire water dish, and had splashed water all over our bathroom. By the time Cam called to say that he was on his way home from work, I was pooped. While he was on the phone with me, Tweety was barking up a storm in the background, and Cam was like "what are you doing at the Humane Society?" And I'm like "Umm I'm not..." So needless to say, Cam was surprised when he came home, but I was seriously already so frustrated after a few hours, that the first thing I said to him when he walked in the door was that we're not having a baby or getting a dog for a LONG time. So he was glad that getting this little foster pup helped me realize we are soo not in the right stage of our lives for a puppy, they are really so much work. We spent the rest of the night playing with the puppy, and while it was fun, but it's also just really annoying having a dog in an apartment in the south in the summer, because every time the dog has to go to the bathroom, you've got to stand out there with it in the sweltering heat. So at the end of the night, we put Tweety in his cage, and headed to bed...and within 2 hours of falling asleep, Tweety started barking....and barking....and barking...I actually remember rolling over, still half asleep and asking Cam, "wait is that sound coming from our apartment?" We were up all night with the pup because he would not stop barking, and he woke up some of our neighbors (great first impression on our part!). So sadly, I had to take Tweety back to the Humane Society this afternoon; as much as I would have loved to continue fostering him, it just wasn't going to work for our situation (the volunteer coordinator told me when I picked him up it would be ok if I brought him back if he was too loud for the apartment...I still felt bad though). So we will be getting a dog someday, but I definitely learned my lesson!
Week 11-vs Green Bay Packers-1:00pm-November 18, 2012
lost consciousness and nearly died from multiple organ failure after being exposed to fracking fluids a worker had had splashed on him.
Without further adieu, I give you Arman, my Khador war dog:
We have always been a nation that marveled in the rule of law, but since John Yoo’s torture memos were released to the public – under the freedom of information act – authorizing and legalizing torture; those Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay practices pervasively migrated to the homeland. I’m surely not insinuating police brutality – a form of torture – and interrogations was not instituted on American soil because that is certainly was the case, it just escalated. Once the federal government incentivized torture as an essential means of extracting information and controlling situations, other forms of powers like administrative staff, security guards, police, teachers, and even parents felt it was also susceptible to also utilize these practices.
My brother Cody had asked me if I had tried this beer yet and thought that I would enjoy it. After that conversation it was the next 6 pack that I purchased. He was right and I did enjoy the beer. I have been recommending it to a few friends who enjoy the slightly bitter tasting beers.
Have a lovely weekend, see you when I get back. Lets hope the weather stays like this for a few days more! :)
Kruger said this small group launched their physical attack on him while he was in the middle of answering someone’ else’s question. “A man whom I’d never met and do not know at all, suddenly walked up to me and, without any warning, broke my nose with his fist’.
The college’s beauty transfixes me only for so long before I am walking up to its front doors. My heart races and my palms sweat as I grasp the handle and turn. My life will never be the same after I go in. Something I couldn’t be happier about.
Our phone lines, twitter feed and facebook page is wide open, waiting on you! Give us your feedback. We’ll talk to you on Wednesday at 7pm EST. www.blogtalkradio.com/lifefullcircle
OU: The PRRP from the 2005 rip remaster was recently posted elsewherehere and I was surprised it sounded inferior compared to the raw new 2007 rip. PRRP omitted removed the Dime info credit plus crucially the fact that the recording is mono so the only audio information they were remastering.
We stepped in and looked at all the photos pinned up on the walls. Here was Levon with George Harrison. Here he was with Norah Jones (who, he let us know, was due to the house next week to record). And here was a photo of Billy Bob Thornton sitting at the table. I began to feel even more edgy. What was I doing here? Who the hell am I?
He said that Bersih’s demand for electoral reform is now lost from the limelight due to extensive media coverage on the chaos and violence.
"Thank you for briefing us on the proposed changes to the Atlantic Yards project," wrote Winston Von Engel, Deputy Director of the Brooklyn Office of the DCP, to Forest City Ratner Senior VP Jane Marshall.
He has amassed a fortune – - thanks, in part, to the CIA – - of $25 billion.
And Hostage said he’s confident they will find a solution for what he calls “the most tactically-capable aircraft in the world.”
The City of Hamlet (it’s not a hamlet) Web page records: “Tradition says that Mr. Shortbridge in 1873, in a conversation with three of his friends, L.L. McKinnon, Thomas Steel, and Elisha “Champ” Terry, told them that in his native England a small cluster of houses were called a hamlet. Thus the town was named Hamlet.” That explains why so many Google results for “hamlet” are British-based or refer to Britain or Ireland. But I doubt I’m being directed across the pond for my next home.
I was amazed to discover that I was the author chosen to do this. I had assumed that it was an ongoing project with several authors, but it was a one-off and just with ONE author. It's the first time they've done it and they picked me when they could have picked a load of other people.I asked Ruth why they'd picked me and she said, "Because you're a cross-over author, and because your website said all the right things."
The unexplained pain concerns me, as does the not being able to sleep. My oncologist told me that getting more sleep during radiation treatments was imperative. That’s going to be tough if things continue as they are.
Fletch snorted. “What you do is bring us closer to getting found.”
Remember to become a follower.
Busy Signal - High Grade
Please ensure you read the blog from our guest blogger today. It’s short, sweet and insightful,thank you Taylor! Might I add, I think Taylor is pretty amazing. I have known Taylor for about 5 years and am so impressed with his enthusiasm, energy and philanthropic spirit. Keep it up Taylor!
What else? Oh, yes, I asked them if they could talk about the spaces between adult and child perceptions that form the core of this lovely story of family relationships and the creation of tradition. Okay I may have said "liminal" spaces because, you know, I like that word, and because I was thinking--overlap, gaps, betweenness. Between childhood and adulthood, between fiction and truth, and now in collaboration, between text and image. So okay, the question may have been more than one question. It may have gotten a bit soupy, in fact.
People in glass houses…
But here, as we’re seeing, a loony fringe can take over an entire party — and that party will inevitably take over some part of our federal, state, and local governments.
“The business of America is business.”
A study of polyspecific association between Campbell’s monkey (Cercopithecus campbelli), spot-nosed monkey (Cercopithecus petaurista), and Diana monkey (Cercopithecus diana) from Taï Forest, Côte d’Ivoire shows that cheek pouches might be used to mitigate interspecific competition (Buzzard, 2006). Diana monkeys are the most frugivorous (ate fruits) while spot-nosed monkeys are the least frugivorous. Campbell's monkeys are more frugivorous than spot-nosed monkeys but less frugivorous than Diana monkeys. By comparing the cheek pouch distension of all 3 species, Buzzard found that Campbell's monkeys have the most cheek pouch distension overall, but had more distended cheek pouch when not near the highly vigilant Diana monkeys. Buzzard posits that the cheek pouch of Campbell's monkeys were the most distended as a response to predator risk and avoidance. Without the warning calls of the highly vigilant Diana monkeys, Campbell's monkeys stuffed their cheek pouch with food and retreated to a safer environment before they process their food.
And keep tellin’ ourselves we’re free
Discover Dublin
Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Movie or Miniseries
In 1997 I went to Havana .I took a Mini-Disc Walkman with me.I took loads of recordings .I haven't listened to them for years.......This week I dug my discs out & had a listen.
1 14.5 oz. can kidney beans, drained and rinsed
I don't know what made me do what followed, but something made me shout 'School is over!' ' and I rushed towards the door followed by my classmates.
Ironically, the very nature of a gift of flowers being fiscally frivolous is one of the keys to their appeal. Symbols of life and beauty, flowers make a woman feel special and beautiful, particularly when done spontaneously and not for any special occasion.
Macro shot of Pycnanthemum inflorescences, with common objects for scale: left, pencil eraser, right, U.S. nickle coin.
Almost as relaxing, is the cd I have playing while I do this post: Sting's "If on a Winter Night".
Romans, Saxons, Normans and Vikings all built upon the Minster’s location at one point. Each of these cultures added to the cathedral known today as York Minster. Once outside, visiting the statue of the emperor Constantine shows newcomers the full extent of York’s storied history.
I hope your February has been as good as mine has so far, but it’s really hard to care when you’re this happy! I know that’s a rotten thing to say, but if you let me be smug about these sorts of things, then you can take a leaf out of The Swedish Flowerpot’s book and simply laugh extra hard when Jimbot hurts himself.
In that picture, you can also see an empty beech husk (top), a cone from a Douglas fir with its characteristic flame-like wisps, a tiny spark of green moss and, oh look, rabbit poo! (bottom left)
According to the Mayo Clinic, celiac disease (also known as celiac sprue or gluten sensitive enteropathy) is on the rise, and more common than previously believed, affecting 1 in 100 Americans.
Mitt Romney – MAAAAN, he’s boring. The Republican Party needs to change their image and move away from these soft-spoken, slick candidates with nothing but Reagan talking points.
Police foil second attempt to seize arms
This piece isn't finished, but I wanted to show a bit of my process. Basically, I just start laying papers and other items onto a stretched canvas; playing with colour and shape and composition. I love this playful aspect of collage.
"Well… it was actually two days ago."
on the path of Pods and Bleeding Hearts
I can’t emphasise this next point enough – every male, every single, solitary man said that they wished ‘they hadn’t worked so hard’.
Yvette listened in wide eyed amazment but I recognized these stories as 90% pure bullshit. One of them turned and looked at the Island that stood 100 yards off the point. He said that there was a time when there was no better fishing than right off this particular point.
But, let’s look at the bright sides. PicSee Pro allows you to make your own icons and objects to use in your collages with a tool that lets you import an image and then cut or erase any part of the image you want.
‘SGT’ is simple enough as the alias for Shigeto Koyama. ‘超人体系’ which reads as Choujin Taikei/The Super Human System is the name Yoh Yoshinari decided on, I had no clue who this was until it was pointed out to me. ’2019 NEO-TOKYO’ was the name chosen by Sushio, and someone again had to point it out and told me Sushio is a huge Akira fan, which now makes sense. ‘志宇舞’ is Hiroyuki Imaishi’s alias and my best guess it’s some kind of play on his name written using different kanji, though it was easy to tell which were Imaishi’s drawings. 西村キヌ which is simply Nishimura Kinu’s name, she goes by that alias in all her works. ロミ夫(Romifu) is Hiromi Wakabayashi’s alias written using letters ‘romi’ from his name. ‘ゴリ☆PON先生’ (Gori*PON Sensei) is Atsushi Nishigori’s alias, ‘gori’ is taken from his name, though I don’t know where PON Sensei bit is from.
While the bathtub was being refinished we had to shower at the gym around the corner. On this particular occasion, Paul made a comment about a young guy’s arms and how he would like to develop his own to look the same.
Happy birthday from me and the rest of my family.
Convenience in a package.
1. I am trying to kick the Diet Pepsi habit, but I'm not always succeeding. I need caffeine, but hate coffee. I've done the 3/4 hot chocolate, 1/4 coffee, and I still hate it. But I'm scared of aspartame. So I've got to get rid of the DP!
Calder White lives in the cold, clear waters of Lake Superior, the only brother in a family of murderous mermaids. To survive, Calder and his sisters prey on humans, killing them to absorb their energy. But this summer the underwater clan targets Jason Hancock out of pure revenge. They blame Hancock for their mother’s death and have been waiting a long time for him to return to his family’s homestead on the lake. Hancock has a fear of water, so to lure him in, Calder sets out to seduce Hancock’s daughter, Lily. Easy enough — especially as Calder has lots of practice using his irresistible good looks and charm on unsuspecting girls. Only this time Calder screws everything up: he falls for Lily — just as Lily starts to suspect that there’s more to the monsters-in-the-lake legends than she ever imagined. And just as his sisters are losing patience with him.
Other stuff happened, then they killed a primordial who blew up, instantly slaying the heroes in an apocalypse of divine chaos energy. Read about it below:
