World 4 Defeat the bang-up in the endure alcazar of Apple 2 as Mini Mario
“What do you mean…?” Father stiffened.
know they are sending out
Friday: Water the plants
Apparently two Britons, Simon Sheppard and Stephen Whittle, who have been convicted at Leeds Crown Court of publishing race-hate articles on the internet, have skipped bail and flown to America, where they have claimed political asylum.
“I wish I had worked more.”
Also, please email me at rbhatnag@gmail.com if any of you know how to add borders in Picasa 3... it has me a bit stumped!
Cut forward to modern times where....
Tod Stiles: We have to know we’re lost before we can find ourselves Buz. That sort of map you make up as you go along.
James Forrest
O’ her that was an’ is no more—ye can’t escape from these.
I pray that you find someone to love you for who you are, what you are and what you may become.
But I definitely have things in the works.
Take care of yourself. If you don’t take care of yourself physically, you will feel the effects of this in the bedroom. But if you eat a healthy diet, exercise, effectively manage stress, and get a good night’s sleep every night, you will be more primed for sexual activity. You should also make sure that you are taking your medications correctly and ask your doctor about possible sexual side effects from your current prescriptions. (Blood-pressure medications, chemotherapy drugs, diuretics, antidepressants, and antihistamines are just a few of the prescriptions that have been linked with sexual side effects.)
The IIEC has selected the colour GREEN to symbolise the “YES” team and the Colour RED to symbolise the “NO” team. Immediately after releasing these details, bloggers on the online community started raising issues. These ppotrays the senti,emts that Kenyans have regarding this process. Varoius similitudes have emerged out of this selection.
Well, I bet he’s not. Anyway, it’s a zany, insane comedy with over the top but hilarious scenes that I think will tone down starting next week. Comedy is great but the emotionally engaging scenes are always the best. Not that comedy can’t be emotionally engaging but that usually doesn’t come when it’s so slapsticky.
Secondly, I found myself not wanting this book to end, and that is a sign of a good story. When I got to the last paragraph I went back and re-read the last couple of pages again, just to remind myself what was ending. I'm not into spoilers but it left you with a feeling of hope, and that's never a bad thing.
Having ranted on about multiple choice, I then came across an article in Education Week referencing a study on automated essay grading programs which may be a new cost-efficient way to replace teachers in that form of assesssment as well. And if text can be graded, so can oral answers or discussion. But the end result is the same: Kids will be taught that authority has the answers, whether you bubble them in on scan sheets, say them aloud or write them in a sentence or paragraph.
Grab all your girlfriends and have a sleepover!! All of you can watch a marathon of rom-coms to get over being single on Valentine’s Day.
Penne is my least favorite pasta form, I don’t know why, don’t ask. This recipe however, improved upon the pitiful penne enough that I enjoyed my lunch very very much.
We transplanted it into a mini fish bowl for the short time we were there. Meanwhile, Darrell didn’t move at least 5 feet from “Diego”. He SWEARS it’s a he-she. Seeing him kissing the bowl and telling the fish how much he loved him made it to one of those levels. Making sure the fish was still okay, checking on it every 5 minutes.
According to the English translation of this article, which is available through the Superrecognizers website belonging to Dr Jansari and his team at the University of East London, the search for super-recognizers in London that was conducted late last year into early 2012 yielded 7 super-recognizers out of the 725 people who participated in the testing study at the Science Museum in London, including a surprising find that the brother of Dr Jansari is one of the seven. How strange is that? So, we know that one of the seven super-recognizers is male. What are the genders of the others? I don’t think it says in this article.
The USA borrows 42% of every dollar spent at the Federal level.
The Chief Blackhawk Porter is a fine example of the style, roasty and pleasingly bitter, with a very nice coffee note which I can never quite get in my porters and stouts.
This article will help you to spot a fake CASIO watch when shopping online or in a retail store. It has handy hints on some common ways of how to spot a fake and ensure that the product you are buying is genuine and authentic.
Before scientists knew how harmful it could be, lead was widely used in paint, gasoline, water pipes, and many other products. Today, house paint is almost lead-free, gasoline is unleaded, and household plumbing is no longer made with lead materials. Still, remnants of the old hazards remain. Following are some sources of lead exposure:
From Vulture: Project Runway's Tim Gunn "has been posting episode postmortems to his Facebook page, sharing his unfiltered, uncensored thoughts in ten-minute videos.... His frustration came to a head while recapping last week's challenge, where the designers were challenged to make modern-day sportswear inspired by Jackie Kennedy. Could that be why shortly after the new video was posted to his Facebook page, it suddenly disappeared without a trace?"
Since then, we’ve been eating more healthfully, which is at least something; but John’s kept up his workouts better than I have, and while I am not completely sedentary (Max and I walk a couple of miles most days) I can feel my arms getting jiggly and easily imagine weight piling on and on, my blood pressure rising, and my arteries clogging. My running shoes (sadly) are still in pretty good condition, so one day a couple of weeks ago, I rummaged through three boxes, pulled them out, and set out on a new workout scheme.
Cancer has affected many people, with my family this subject hits home in a very big way. Before I was born, my uncle Rick was diagnosed with a brain tumor. He was taken much too soon from the world and we miss him every day. I never got the opportunity to meet him, but my grandma tells me I would have liked him very much. My grandfather, Richard Markham, is a survivor of colon cancer and is now undergoing treatment for bladder cancer. He is the strongest, most resilient man I have ever met. He is very inspiring and I hope that I got the gene of strength from him.
In 2011 the MSM finally came clean about the Muslim grooming and rape of young white girls in Northern towns and cities. In a quite shocking admission the police chiefs reiterated what their London colleagues had previously stated, which was the hushing up of such racial crimes in the interest of community cohesion. Really? Do they not think that our knowing about it, and knowing the police are doing little about it will enhance community cohesion?
Where one white cloud like a stray lamb doth move.
With the death of her adopted daughter, Princess Froggie, and the large decision to relocate the kingdom, our Queen has had quite a lengthy hiatus.
I also decided to tackle a stone pathway. I thought it was just concrete but after a little washing, I realized it was cool stone inset. We also power washed a big long step leading up the deck from the driveway area. It was covered with at least 10+ years of moss and debris. There is a big pine that shades the yard and allows for a lot of moss growth. I like moss but in moderation as it gets very slippery during the fall/winter. Afterwards, you can still tell a difference between old and new but it blends much better. We plan on staining it all a medium brown shade after the new steps weather for a year.
Apparently, because of the prevalence of words such as ‘hope,’ ‘light,’ and ‘sunlight,’ the Victorian era was marked by a particular optimism not present in the precedent centuries. Uncovered was the rising secular skepticism of the Enlightenment as well as an unexpected decline in a focus on the idea of evil.
He said Paterson should be given a chance “to put affordable housing first and foremost,” to reject the (ongoing) demolition of the Ward Bakery, and “to say no to eminent domain. Let’s give Governor Paterson a chance to do the right thing.”
Andreas Novak: vocals
I had come to the El Rio party partly to find out about the rumors that the 40-year-old-plus San Francisco Bay Guardian was in talks about being sold to the San Francisco Examiner, which in a historical sense makes no sense. Entertainment Commissioner Glendon Hyde above hadn't even heard the rumors, so it seems the party's hosts were being fairly tight-lipped.
Truth: In a study by LIFE and research and consulting firm LIMRA, 85% of participants said they thought coverage was too expensive. Not so, says Byron Udell, CEO of Accuquote.com, which helps people find affordable term insurance.
Paige was 2 weeks, and we were all getting antsy. We needed to pack up for the day and head out on an adventure. We chose mission beach in hopes of a nice day at the beach. It was cloudy and cold but we bundled up and had a great day together:) There was lots of talk of Aunt Mimi and Uncle Clay, and I liked that. We walked by there old house and visited their favorite restaurant, the Olive Cafe.
In the case of Fast Company, the respondents were characterized as "the women polled" or the "respondents." In eMarketer, the respondents were identified as "Internet users."
Moon waved the grass around in front of Shags short, spot covered snout.
The Open Mind- Magic Potion
Here's the schedule, to make it easier:
So I'm going to share some of the pages I made...and THEN I'm going to tell you how to WIN a full copy of the software for yourself!! I like to share.
This is the kind of stadium the City Council has, running at a crippling loss.
60. Seven years nah too much fuh wash speck off ah bird neck. Some people will never change their ways and attitude.
Why is Monday so far from Friday, yet Friday so close to Monday? Although I got plenty of rest last night, because I went to bed around nine o’clock, I felt so groggy this morning that I am on my third cup of coffee, and still feel lethargic.
NB: Once you are done with mixing batter (step 5), do not stir it anymore. Just scoop the top part of batter when layering the cake. For this recipe, you'll notice watery part of batter at the bottom of bowl. Discard this part. Don't use it.
The honor killing conference, organized by Pamela Geller, who became nationally famous for her vocal opposition to the Ground Zero Mosque, aka Park 51 in Manhattan, is based on the premise that Mokdad, 20 years old when she died in April 2011, was the victim of an honor killing justified by Islam.
Joseph Breham, a lawyer with Solicitors International Human Rights Group and a member of Bourdon’s team, said in London last week that DCNS often budgeted as much as 8 to 12 percent of its total receipts as “commissions” paid to grease sales of armaments in third-world countries. Breham’s speech was reported for the Malaysia website Malaysiakini by Miriam Mokhtar.
5. Reconnected with a great friend from high school. Hi Maria!
Sudhanshu and me had totally contrasting character! He was totally orthodox, sincere, systematic, wanted to do everything according to his style, and most importantly was always serious in life. And me being exactly the opposite. And then Siddharth was a balance in between. That is why perhaps we three could blend in so easily. There were arguments of course, and heated ones, particularly during practicals, for we were in the same group. Clash of opinions were quite obvious taken the circumstances, still the good thing out of it was that we enjoyed on the whole.
"How do the ants get into the house?"
Lykke shifted his weight and Nikolas took the chance to grab him around the middle and lift him off the keyboard. Lykke meowed loudly in complaint.
Have a wonderful start to 2011 and let me know what YOUR predictions are!
I’m more awake, more alert and more creative after dinner-time.
With my new book out April 14, I have to toot long, loud, clearly, daily and — pardon the appalling biz-speak — across multiple platforms.Why? Because, in the U.S. where I live, 1,500 books are published every single bloody day!
As we are in Eastertide, it seemed apposite to take a closer look at the Resurrection outside of an historical context. What follows are excerpts from Fowler’s Easter sermon from 2003, ‘Living Reality of the Resurrection’ — well worth reading in full. He would like to see more of a ‘Resurrection theology’ in our churches, with which I agree. Emphases below are mine.
AJ has a lot to be happy about. He cooks up incredible morsels skewered on bamboo stacked with some really unique flavors that are kicked up by his slow cooking over the uniquely flavored smoke. Need more convincing? The skewers cost only $2 – $3.75 each. Great for small eaters like me who love to try lots of different flavors in one sitting. Those flavors? Chicken breast, teriyaki beef, prime short rib, salmon, zucchini and portobello mushroom, to start, with a selection of interesting sauces. Not convinced yet? Chicken thigh and leek, asparagus and bacon, chicken wing, shiitake mushroom, and scallops with bell pepper sauce and chive oil. More adventurous? How about beef tongue, pork toro (like thick cut fatty bacon) with smoky chipotle sauce, Korobuta sausage, or eggplant with yuzu ginger ponzu. Better yet, order the Omakase, which is AJ’s choice of 5 different skewers. So be nice to him.
2. DOT/CSA Regulations: “With the passing of the new DOT regulations they are now blaming the truck driver for everything. Now all of the problems are going to the individual and not the company. If a light goes out on your truck, it is your fault.” -El Paso, TX—Pilot Travel Center
waved in the cold crisp air
I wonder where
Lord I believe, yes, You are calling
My tour is only $0.99 cents and once you are out walking around Buenos Aires wouldn't it be great to have this little tour in your pocket? You wouldn't even need to have access to wifi once you have downloaded it either.
The Pure Matter is limitless and it is already everywhere.
I find myself with - oddly enough - very little to do.
Each squeeze is one more unimaginable delight
BF: Okay? And again, people at the higher level know this is true. In other words, they were going to offer the people of Israel as a kind of ritual sacrifice.
Stay strong and take care of yourself. Love yourself and know your worth. Feel the moment even if it makes you cry, you need to. Accept help but don’t feel sorry for yourself. Know your limits so you can set clear boundaries. Be sure to get some sleep and eat well. Exercise and seek out friends. Be extra kind to yourself taking measures not judge yourself for mistakes. Don’t ever beg you’re worth more than that. Try not to give more than you can handle. Remain open to love it hasn’t abandoned you. Stay in the present, the future is in front of you not in your head. Know who your friends are and keep them close. Mourn fully and without apology take it one day at a time. Breathe breathe breathe. Find comfort in the small things and accept generosity.
Crossfire – 2
HOLY, FUCKING, SHIT………… the toilet would not flush. MAYDAY, MAYDAY………the toilet would not flush.
So, claimants would still be covered if they go to a doctor to get checked out for a cold or flu, but they'd have to pay for antibiotics.
A:�Go braless. It will usually pull them out.
Maria Baptist is fascinated by big cities. Together with BuJazzO she presents the programme City Grooves. It reflects the different moods and the mutability of a big city. Powerful energetic music alternates with concertante moments.
I don't need a diamond ring
Music that inspires you to love your wife or husband more with each passing day.
Appointments and info: artLedge@yahoo.com
$8.263 million. Some of us may not have 8.26 million lying
We talked and laughed a while longer before we hung up the phone. I assured Olivia that I’ll be at the hospital to keep her husband, George, and the others company the afternoon of the surgery; and she, in turn, told me that she feels “positively about everything.” She also said that she’ll petition St. Peregrine for healing.
-add copious amounts of salt
Politicians will be politicians, those low-life idealistic viruses that thrive on your emotions and use you and your children as cannon-fodder to achieve their sick unrealistic dreams.
The biggest mistakes were cutting Caitlin Koch and Tora Woloshin. These two actually had some personality, quite a bit of talent, were gorgeous and had what I would call “The X Factor.” I almost turned the show off when they were cut.
C = I
nations grew at remarkably high rates. In Greece and Spain, nominal spending by the state increased 50 percent to 55 percent in the five years before the crisis started, according to my calculations based on government data. In Portugal, public expenditure rose 35 percent; in
Gautama asked Varuna to make it rain. Varuna said, “How can I disobey the Gods and make it rain? Please ask for something that I can do”. Then, Gauthama, who wanted to help others, said, “Please give me a water source, that never dries and gives us rewards everyday”. Then Varuna made Gauthama dig a shallow pit (as deep as a hand’s breadth), and filled it with water, that would never be exhausted, that would be called Gauthama tirtha. And the special reward of that Tirtha was that any tapas, or charity, yajnam, or shraddham performed in that place – would also have everlasting effects.
Which took forever.
Hodgson was courteous and quiet here, but he has a fire within him, a face‑rubbing fury that will eventually out. For now, though, it is this mildness that has been fingered as a flaw.
It made me think though about everything they must have seen during their lifetime. The world would have still been full of news of the Titanic disaster when Anne was born. When my Nan was born, the world was at war!
This is what Eagleman explores in the four chapters leading up to this one and he begins with a chapter with a quote from Dark Side of the Moon: ‘There’s Someone in my Head but it’s Not Me.’ (My brain made me play the album twice after reading that chapter.) Beginning here he shows us just how little we know and can trust ourselves. In fact he even demonstrates how consciousness can be an impediment:
I know... I was only encouraging future Alarm Kitty onslaughts.
It is an Italian award so it has to stay in Italy (this makes my life easier, it would have been impossible to nominate only 5 trustworthy blogs among the many foreign interesting ones that I follow). If you want to see my nominees, just click on their names above.
On Tuesday, security forces opened fire from a checkpoint in Rastan, just north of Homs, killing two people, including a 15-year-old boy, activists said. They said five unidentified corpses, including that of a woman, also were found dumped around the city center.
It is so very important that Jacob attaches to us in order for him to be able to create healthy bonds with people later in life. It is a developmental piece that can't go unattended. People continuously comment on how they're amazed that he doesn't make strange, and when people he doesn't know that well hold him, Jacob snuggles right into them. HELLO PEOPLE, that's not a normal nor a healthy thing!!! Parents instill in their children not to talk to strangers, yet our son will take the hand of anyone who's willing to give it!!!
Interviews & Information:
When it comes to security living in the sticks presents an even greater challenge – The SO may make it out there within a few hours if they haven’t all taken off to defend their own families (smart money is on that). And frankly as Mosby put it in his blog “you need those friends with shovels and lime”. These friends amigo are your neighbors. And the time to buddy up with them is last week, not next month. Git ‘er done.
Having no home or haven is a serious situation that can destroy any and everything in your life. It can cause you to want to STOP living.
EMF , Enya , Erasure , Jamiroquai , Jeff Beck & The Big Town Playboys
7. Add chicken broth, bring to a boil and cover.
What has happened to gift giving? I just cannot get into giving Money! It’s thoughtless, it’s judgemental, it’s intimidating, it’s personal yet impersonal! When the son married some years ago, we actually knew him and his bride a bit better and we bought them a weekend away, which we felt really good about. Do we repeat this? The two couples are so different! What one may enjoy the other may not!
And a pound of lemon drops.
My son, by chance, had made it to see my dad before I did. It helped to prepare me for how he was going to be. Then it was my turn with the girls.
Home brew a beer to match a curry banquet...yeah ok then I'll give it a go.
Overview of Endometriosis
Isabel was lucky enough to find one of the four special glitter eggs. The lucky finders turned in their egg for a special additional prize. It turned out to be cotton candy. Because my kid needed more sugar on Easter. So here she is clutching her prize trying to figure out how to tear into it.
Kishan Bhat, Engagement Manager, Zinnov, said, “The Indian market is promising and challenging at the same time. We are optimistic about the growth outlook but there are serious concerns which need to be addressed immediately. Majority of SMBs still perceive IT adoption as a time consuming and complex process and therefore, prefer to stick to their existing traditional processes. There needs to be a categorical shift from legacy systems, and some fresh investments made from a long-term growth perspective.”
I dunno what to do?
This weekend I had to hold back the urge to choke someone. I resisted calling them a few choice names, yelling at them and clearly saw the image of my fist meeting their face. I wanted to release all the anger, disgust and frustration I am feeling towards people and their treatment of animals on this unsuspecting individual. In a way I would have been justified as they are a contributor to the problem but as we all know violence does not solve a thing.
She bites at your soul. She needs to bite. Just like the thirst of vampires, she needs her dose of soul. Her soul is black. It is withered. It is lonely. The only way, she can keep her spirit alive is to bite at your soul, so she can get more energy and slowly bring you down.
strawberry italian cream soda
Dustin and I are going to go to San Diego for our Anniversary/last hurrah before the babe gets here. I am so excited! I came up with the idea a couple weeks before I brought it up to Dustin. Why you ask? Because my husband whom I love so much, loves Dave Ramsay, is an accountant, is stingy, and has Bert Waite for a father. I thought there was no chance in He….the world that he was going to say yes.
Be afraid; be very afraid for the asylum borne mayhem that is Demented Are Go is back. Their long awaited and permanently desired return comes in the size of the malevolent new album Welcome Back To Insanity Hall. They have not just re-emerged to stalk nightmares once more but burst in on us again with an intensity and dark villainy that sees them back to their very evil best.
Closing the door his mind drifted again to the girl.
It makes more sense for new-generation server hardware which has significantly improved over the years where power consumption of a server is dynamic and depends on the workload it carries out. This is good in terms of power efficiency but anticipating the data center’s energy requirements has become challenging. Also with the ever increasing cost of energy, the operating cost of these components are significant comparing to the total operating cost of a data center. According to Gartner report published on March’10, energy savings from well-managed data centers can reduce operating expenses by as much as 20%.
Ms Little pointed out that it is possible to request library items and check your account details using your smart phone at www.tinyurl.com/actlib
See her laughing
Step up and be what God has called you to be. Chuck did.
The costs are as follows:
Billed as a “Visiting Scholar, Mr. Potok delivered a rather predictable, hour-long diatribe on the evilness of evil white/conservative/Christian men in America, all leading to and from the Oklahoma City bombing.
Darlings
You can use the wool in hooking, sewing or to make animals, if you are a doll maker. It is a deep red mottled wool, that is super soft. I was thinking it would be nice for a deer or a santa suit. I may add a surprise later, it all has to fit in a large envelope.
4. Take at least two (2) weekends off. Leave home and go somewhere, just because.
This blousy knit top looks great with the super fitted black leggings because the proportion is balanced. The color blocking on the top is super cute but not over the top. The salmon color on the top is perfectly paired with the salmon color in the necklace, which adds a little sparkle and excitement to this fun yet casual look. This look is incredibly comfortable, effortless, and completely in fashion. It's perfect for my day of running errands and doing chores-- I love it!!
Almost any news article about infertility treatment, if one scrolls down to read the comments, seems to invoke a negative, judgmental reaction in some of the commenters. I've decided to stop reading those comments. It's impossible to argue with an anonymous, closed-minded, and misinformed person. I think our energy is better spent going on about our business and working hard to achieve or family building goals. Instead of fighting with someone who will never be convinced, I think we should focus our efforts on educating and informing the public as a whole about infertility and infertility treatment.
In the summer of 2010, in addition to the usual asthma and allergy symptoms, I also came down with a severe intestinal infection, requiring antibiotics to overcome.
Newcastle will only be a top 4 finisher if they beat Man. City and Everton convincingly as Tottenham has an easier two-match set against them. They will have to pray Tottenham drop points as well.
Despite such caveats, the IPCC report used the study in its section on disasters and hazards, but cited only the 1970-2005 results. The IPCC report said: “Once the data were normalised, a small statistically significant trend was found for an increase in annual catastrophe loss since 1970 of 2% a year.” It added: “Once losses are normalised for exposure, there still remains an underlying rising trend.”
Thus I commit myself to investigate how I exist in my world as a picture presentation of myself and what desires wants and needs I still have that preoccupy my conscious mind to not see the reality beyond pictures
I may well add to this Weekend Review later – but I need to have a quick glass of rioja…. It is Sunday afternoon, after all.
Oh, and the menu sounds awesome. For $18, you get movie tickets and this (from the Alamo's website):
Ngo’s voice came through his intercom. “What’s he saying?”
We love to vacation in cabins and lodges in or near National Parks, and my most favorite NP is Yosemite! This is what I thought of when I created this little lakeside scene. I started by first stamping and coloring the lodge with Copic markers. I also added the deck and adirondack chairs beside it. Both images are cut out and popped up with foam tape. I stamped one of the included sentiments, Happy Father's Day, onto a little round mini tag (one of NINE tags that are a part of the new Mini Tags Die Set). I LOVE tags, especially mini tags, so I am especially excited about these tags (read: be prepared to see me use these A LOT)! I also added a couple of felt clouds (using the Clouds Duo Die) to complete the scene.
I have to be careful here. I’m not saying that our minds trick us into having seconds (except for desserts, doctor I swear I wasn’t going to eat it until my mind tricked me). It just lessens the bluntness of those trying times which helps let you evaluate with more emphasis on the good.
I looked around the Cirrus as we pulled away from the dock opposite The Schweizerhof, one of our host hotels. What an eclectic mix we were – Danes, Germans, Italians, French, various Swiss, many Brazilians, lots of Americans, Irish, UK. English was the common language although you could also hear French, Swiss German, some Italian. People were tired – particularly the Americans whose body clocks were set to a different time – but the mood was upbeat, positively expectant. Folks were curious as to what would happen next, to experience how it all might unfold.
Looking back from our time during which Bush and Obama have deep-sixed the US Constitution, violated numerous US and international laws, and behaved as if they were caesars unconstrained by any law or any morality, Nixon’s “crimes” appear so trivial as to be unremarkable. Yet, Nixon was driven from office and is regarded as a criminal.
On Saturday, Jameson was able to fulfill a life-long dream and get a pet. Not just a pet, but an indoor pet. Not just an indoor pet, but a CAT.
and a church retreat. Good thing I rested up during the week!
For the most part...my knee is good. I have resumed all pre-surgery activities and have full ROM. This past year has been exceptionally busy with work and family. I put my gym membership on hold for a few months due to work responsibilities. I have resumed my membership but my time at the gym is sporadic. I joined the gym 4 years ago with the sole purpose of keeping my knee strong.
What if after the movie you took me to on our first date I followed my gut instinct and didn't go out with you again? What would I have done differently in those three years?
the same time they appreciate that the interests of right holders need to be reconciled with the public interest in a balanced and well-functioning IP system, in order to protect the consumers from deception and confusion. IP rights are a cornerstone of the European economic system and the Internal Market. They provide significant value to their owners and wider wholesale and retail circles. They are likewise essential to safeguard the public faith and the interests of consumers.
- A nip of Malibu
her, and on a lark the doctor placed the stethoscope on his chest.
Ease up, okay.
of the trekking pack, mindlessly
(22) Acts 11:21
Your Turn: When's the last time YOU did something that was brand new to you? How'd that work out for ya? And what's your favorite form of exercise?
Most of the women I knew in the brothels and escort services, had a history of trauma and abuse. I was homeless at the time I entered the life and, had multiple sclerosis. That vulnerability makes them even more easily victimized by pimps. And pimps don’t stop being pimps when you legalize what they do. If we legalize brothels we’ll only be giving these predators more power, while we help them protect their cash.
Anyfishtits, Felix meets a gun-carrying, single toothed, southern accented man named Pim. He offers to help Felix but he really just wants that darn magic bag! As Pim leads him, Felix manages to get trapped in a man-eating bubble and Pim turns him over to the robot army. Never trust a man with only one tooth.
In an appendix, Apps enumerates a partial list of Wisconsin breweries he has catalogued in his own studies and, by a rough count, there are at least 325. But this list is mainly comprised of those large enough to be noticed and surely does not include inumerable smaller, local breweries. Today, according to the latest update at Wikipedia, the count of breweries in Wisconsin is around twenty five, with another few dozen brewpubs. This is actually a large increase from twenty or so years ago when the count would probably have been more like ten in total. What happened between then and now to cause this enormous decline? Prohibition, of course.
Such a short book and yet it managed all this and managed to give everyone of these characters great depth. I felt that I came away knowing every single one of these characters. What I loved the most was how easily the book flowed from one character to the next without having to break. Look forward to reading more books by Woolf in the future.
The Modern Lovers, later Jonathan Richman and The Modern Lovers (fair enough), were one of the most important groups of the 1970's, though not many people knew it at the time. In fact, their importance strangely mirrors that of Richman's biggest early influence, The Velvet Underground, another group who very few bothered to listen to during their creative years. The Modern Lovers, led by the unique Mr.Richman, sprang up in Boston in the early 70's, recording sessions for John Cale in 1972, which eventually surfaced as the template for their 1976 debut album proper. By this time, Richman had decided to forego the proto-punk garage-rock style of their early work and headed for the more melodic and wistful style for which he has become somewhat (in)famous. All this later stuff is wonderful but I think the very early recordings of The Modern Lovers are my favourites as they have a freshness and bite that all young bands should try to achieve. 'I'm Straight' comes from sessions they did in 1973 with maverick producer Kim Fowley. I love the odd blend of neurosis and slacker attitude they project in this song. 'I'm Straight' is a hymn to all us uptight, drug avoiding types who still like to think we know where it's at. Oh, we know. There are more of us than you might think.
I immediately hugged her and told her she did a fantastic job and made the right call.
All of life is about the pursuit of one thing – the One Mind.
glamour dust glitter paint - 'iridescent'
when people serve you well - or even fail to. Somehow it lifts the service up a notch.
When the waves are taking you under, hold on just a little bit longer, He knows that this is gonna make you stronger, stronger.
(925) 825-0350
The former seemed so much more appropriate. Mostly because I believe in the separation of church and state. Staunchly, I’ve come to realize. And voting in a political election at a church flies in the face of separating the two. Voting at a town community center just…fits.
So well, in fact, that they moved the publication date. Shakespeare's Local will now be published on 8th November, right in the middle of the peak Christmas book buying period, competing with comedians' memoirs, 'Katie' 'Price' 'novels' and glossy cookbooks. The cover design hasn't been finalised yet, but even from early designs it's going to look like a very nice present to buy someone.
I remember seeing her and her foster mother walk into the Guatemala City M@rriott. I didn't know it was them, but I just "knew" it was them. I saw Abbie laying her head on Argelia's shoulder, with her long silky baby hair flowing. When our attorney entered a few minutes later and introduced us, my inclination was proved true. So that was my precious little girl!
For Khavu honour is everything as with most with Khuure’s old clan. She will kill anyone who makes her lose her honour, or even risks doing that. She is very dedicated to family, clan, and the old Zabraki way that is dominant in Routakoto. She has never been off-planet.
The surrounding countryside can be seen much better than from a car. I like to see over the hedgerows and I do enjoy looking into peoples' gardens and farms. I can see so much more from a bus.
Surely this suggests that, rather than hitting all drinkers with a big stick, we need a much more targeted approach to alcohol problems that leaves the sensible majority alone.
The top of my head prickled.
4x4 - 3:03.51 - Florida (Clark, Middleton, Pastor, Clement) - '05
Lily Bee Memorandum 6x6 patterned paper
Gabriel García Márquez was born on this day (March 6) in 1927 in Aracataca, Colombia; he is 85 years old. In Spanish, only Cervantes is more widely read than García Márquez.
I am so happy I stumbled on LCTS & can't wait to play along again!
Creating is fun is a zibbet on line store.. full of ribbon, trims, buttons and more..
And right now, I feel like he’s turned his back on me.
The man needs to be to some degree very similar in the direction of an added persons at this time inside that is set in distinct attributes. (for instance a darker guy are not able to become a member of your KKK, regardless of whether this individual have already been for you to concur using there premise and a Judaism male can't sign up to a NEO-Nazi class. Some sort of slender male cannot sign up for a strong school of series Backers as well as a far east dude are not able to become a member of this Mayflower Contemporary society). this can be largely simply because humans hence which you'll want to form societal groupings ordinarily selections adversaries that subsequently romantic relationship this fixed jointly in a conventional bring about. this sort of adversaries tend to be fixed on the established and also frequently modify by means of a gang attitude, which usually the human race 's all so that you can great at promotion when it will serve a group they desire to regulate.
What are you waiting for!? Click on the link above and get started today!
Chris Smith
To celebrate this important event, I broke out some homemade bread and jam and my copy of Bread and Jam for Frances, my favoritest Frances book of all. Everything was delicious, and the dog enjoyed our read-aloud very much.
As the BtB transmit and receive serial data we will have it ‘listen’ to the virtual serial port on pins 9 and 10 for incoming characters. Using a switch…case function it then makes decisions based on the incoming character. You can download the sketch from here. It is written for Arduino v23. If you were to modify this sketch for your own use, study the void loop() section to see how the incoming data is interpreted, and how data is sent back to the Android terminal using blueToothSerial.println.
Avatar
Oh come on! According to David Shore, Thirteen comes back “to give House a little advice”. Sure, of all the people on the show, she’s the only one who really understands House, not Wilson the best friend, not Chase or Foreman who’s been around him for 8 years, but Thirteen the magical lovable doctor. Sighh, I’m hating this more and more. And I really, really wanted to be positive about the finale. I bet the one-hour retrospective special will also be full of Thirteen! Yay!!
Soweto alone had more cars, taxis, schools, churches and sport facilities than most independent countries in Africa. The blacks of South Africa had more private vehicles than the entire white population of the USSR at the time.
There Is A Bird On Your Head! (An Elephant & Piggie Book) By Mo Willems. 2007. Hyperion. 64 pages.
Check this shit out:
On that note, and given the poor results we’ve had over the last half decade with our relay squads, I think we need to start looking at competitions such as the Pan Am Games as a critical part of the process of developing our relay squads. Especially given that there are precious few international opportunities available to have squads compete – let alone under “championship” type conditions. I know that this is the time of year when athletes want to shut it down and get a bit of rest – and the positioning of this meet near the end of October really extends that timeline. By the same token however, it does provide an opportunity when most of the principle players would be available. And having a one or two week “camp” culminating in a somewhat high level race would provide both a solid way to end the season as well as give us a preview of how we should be tweaking our squads going forward.
Itching is an intense, distracting irritation or tickling sensation that may be felt all over the skin’s surface or confined to just one area. The medical term for itching is pruritus.
Just now, I thought of asking them, “Why Hyatt? What’s so special about Hyatt?” But, I think I already know the answer because of this special lecture we had.
The attack on our people and way of life by the judiciary has two main planks: promoting Muslim extremism and undermining our way of life through law.
The teamwork is especially evident on tracks like “Asbury Park,” a detailed account of the group’s love/hate relationship with their home city and its hipster denizens that recalls Mr. Springsteen’s bemoaning of a tpown that “rips the bones from your back.”
This is the kind of place you dreamed of as a kid. Sure enough, the little ones seemed mesmerized by all the sweet possibilities. So did some of the adults.
Cities are the most visible places of difference that we have. As the world’s population becomes increasingly urban we live alongside people of different nationalities, ethnicities, sexualities and socio-economic circumstances. While this diversity has the potential to heighten conflict, it is equally possible to imagine that cities can be places where difference is mediated and even enjoyed. Manchester, for instance, enjoys a far more positive and cosmopolitan reputation for ethnic relations than neighbouring towns, such as Oldham and Burnley.
§ Deal bountifully with Thy servant, That I may live and keep Thy word.
powerful enough to intervene in the natural laws. Also, He should be caring and
Lépine and Lacroix’s appointments book end a process that saw other significant new appointments over the past year, including that of Archbishop Luc Cyr to Sherbrooke, Archbishop Paul-André Durocher to Gatineau, Auxiliary Bishop Thomas Dowd in Montreal, Bishop Noel Simard to Valleyfield and Bishop Luc Bouchard to Trois-Rivières. Both Durocher and Bouchard are Ontario francophones named to prominent roles in Quebec.
Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraodinary.
“I suppose you are real?” said the Rabbit. And then he wished he had not said it, for he thought the Skin Horse might be sensitive. But the Skin Horse only smiled.
Every night for weeks I drove to Spunkhead's work where he then managed a hotel and I sat myself up on the kegs of beer out the back where he jabbed my tummy with hormones and then I made the teary drive home.
You will find everything at market depending where you go. I went up on the jewelry floor and found these unbelievable cell phone cases...WoW! I swear he said the ones on the right sold for over $400! No, I did not buy one of those...lol.
But there is room for error. So tests must be done.
two.
2) Don't do rooms where everything in them is expensive and showy
A Chinese national is arrested in possession of ivory concealed in a teddy bear while attempting to leave the country. Full report
We accept that we can't change the child and we do our best to counter the problem with suntan lotion, a hat and dark glasses.
I was supposed to be resting yesterday, but instead I hung shelves in the craft room, started reorganizing things, washed sheets and made the bed, broke down all the cardboard boxes in the garage, and made images. It was a good productive day and I did get to rest a bit too. I woke this morning feeling mentally alert and my pain level is at tolerable - so I predict a GREAT day!
During my all too brief visit to Canada I was able to visit many wineries and to try quite an array of wines, Rieslings, Chardonnays, Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon and blends, but the speciality is Icewine.
kiss kiss,
1 restrict
No women looking on nor sunshine to bask in, it did not conclude with
And then the calls came in. My mom freaked. But she recovered by the next day and was supportive. My sister still hasn’t come fully around, but we made progress and improved it last night.
Aside from the fact that the color is now a pretty peacock green and the pattern itself is graceful, it feels incredible when worn--the weight of the beads makes it drape beautifully and it seems to be more a piece of jewelry than a garment.
We also disagreed on the 2007 Avery Mephistopheles Stout. I gave it one of my highest ratings of the day, but no one else felt it was anything special; one person rated it with a single word, "Burn."
Munnar
Years later, I realized that it had nothing to do with cards and presents. It was always about love and respect. and how one expresses love and shows respect does mean everything. It is easy to do and it costs nothing. And it is appreciated always.
So if you really wanted to do a good job on a book of all 365 of these designs, you'd need to copy and paste all the content, download all the photos, re-stitch, and re-shoot all the photos that look bad, edit the content down, format it for a book, and whew! then you'd be ready to publish.
A doctor will refer a cancer patient for chemotherapy. It is an established fact that chemotherapy is necessary to treat cancer patients and the doctor is knowledgeable and experienced. Now the patient cannot ask the doctor to cure him without this treatment. Therefore for his own good the patient will have to accept the prescription and blindly follow the doctor’s advice.
which was later determined to
Be a man - a lot, but being a woman - even more.
The temporary detention of questioning of the actor Shah Rukh Khan by immigration authorities in the United States has, as is usual, created a small tsunami in the media tea cup. Everybody went into a frenzy and the external affairs minister S.M. Krishna adjusted his wig and demanded an apology.
Young-Shumate L, Kramer T, Beresin E. Pregnancy during graduate medical training. Acad Med 1993; 68: 792-799.
Therein lies the mystery. One should always beware of the obvious, and with so many commentators patting themselves on the back for their perspicacity – including me – there is the danger that we are missing something.
Needles: US 1 (2.25mm)
I got myself a chequered patterned shirt from New Look but mostly likely to return it tomorrow as it’s just not got the length I like in my clothes for the top half.
In a medium-sized saucepan, stir the sugar, water, and corn syrup over a medium to medium-low flame until the sugar has dissolved completely. Raise the heat until the syrup boils. There is no need to stir the syrup until it turns a deep amber color, but swirling the saucepan prevents burns. Also, occasionally it helps to brush down the sides of pan with a wet pastry brush. Remember, the syrup must always be monitored. This will take anywhere from 5-10 minutes, depending on what kind of stove you are working on.
Stephen Lawhead is an internationally acclaimed author of mythic history and imaginative fiction. He was born in 1950, in Nebraska in the USA. His early life was lived in America where he earned a university degree in Fine Arts and attended theological seminary for two years.
Performing with us was a magician and his wife--Ken Griffin and Roberta. They had a touring stage show that was nationally known. After working with them on this show, my parents invited them over for dinner at our house. Apparently I had impressed them with my helpfulness to them at the show we were working and during the course of their visit with us they offered me a job. It was perfect timing for me. I readily accepted.
The International Women's Day celebration continues today at The Good Life's famous blogging meme, Monday Listicles. The female-themed topic was open to interpretation, so I began by listing women who have impacted my life. I struggled to categorize them into a single classification and then it occurred to me: all of these women are creative.
“I’m going to be staying here. Right here, I need to.” I point at the surroundings.
“I’m sure (team members) would all go if the money is there, but it is not,” said team coach Shawn Taylor.
I'm wishing you were here
Large-scale Quilled Snowflakes Tutorial
Um, it’s not just Natalie. All the cars are coasting to a stop and in fact not all at the same rate either. Natalie has to use her mad skillz to get them to the side of the road without getting creamed by anyone who was moving faster or slower than them. Not to mention the fact that all the lights on all the cars went out at the same time. So the highway’s black. And silent, except for the punctuation of crunching sounds and people yelling. Some screaming.
2010.09.02 Sudan Tabra 74 79 Janjiweed militia on camels sweep through a market and slaughter over seventy people, including eighteen children.
LOCAL
Do what you want.
Willie Mays - .214 with 4 homers and 16 RBI's.
1:00 PM: Lunch time! I have started bringing my own metal, reusable container to various lunch places around Evanston where they are always more than happy to use my container (and generally somewhat amused by my behavior). Today, the man at the checkout line chuckles and gives me 10 cents off for “creativity”. I guess everyone’s been infected by the earth day spirit.
I'm going to go cook dinner and watch tv and chill for the rest of the evening.
It should also be noted here that often times, Will and I look at machines from a mechanical standpoint, and maybe people think we are completely devoid of any kind of artistic or aesthetic appreciation. Not so, but for example, given Will's engineering background, well, what would you expect!! Same for me, I tend to be mechanical first.
If we miss an evening, we do it at breakfast or lunch for the previous day.
First, gather your supplies. Two pieces of card stock or whatever you want to stamp on, some ink pads, a cheap pencil, a pair of scissors and some tape. Next fold one of your sheets of cardstock in half so you can cut out a uniform heart. You can really use any sort of a stencil here, but I went with my easy card stock heart. Then use your tape to hold the paper in place, your stencil on top of your other piece of card stock. And then just start stamping away! When you fill your shape, remove the stencil and you're done. So simple.
‘But I have to come into work. That’s not a day off’.
They gave me the anesthesia and the doctor began her work. They talked to me throughout the procedure. I watched the eggs appear on the screen after they were retrieved. I liked that in the treatment room you can see some of what they are doing. The nurse and doctor were supportive and got me through the retrieval. It wasn’t very painful and it was over before I knew it.
The traffic flowed smoothly through the roadworks. We averaged about 45 mph and, once past the M25 the last section was very light. The North Circular Road flowed smoothly and we soon negotiated the Hangar Lane intersection. We headed west along the Western Avenue and arrived at the venue at 5.30, an hour early.
Licence my roving hands, and let them go
Gyoza Pan-Fried Dumplings
introduce you to our team, products, giveaways, and more! We have been hard at work for some time now getting ready for the release of this new company and have some wonderful things in store for you.
Ricky Nelson sang his first single, I’m Walking, on The Adventures Of Ozzie and Harriet.
Work is nutty and I love it because I love what I do and love having so much work but I'm positively overwhelmed. So much so that I got up, walked passed a neighbor's cube, stopped, and said "I don't remember why I got up...oh right, I need to use the ladies room." My neighbor started cracking up and I told her to shut up because it wasn't funny. These days I'm doing six things at once and can't seem to remember to combine trips so I literally needed to pee and forgot about it and had to figure out why I was away from my desk. But seriously, things are really awesome right now. Yes, I have moments where I feel paralyzed because I don't know where to start in my mountain of work but I'll take that over having little to do. And I'm growing more and more competent as I gain more experience. These days I can reliably answer the phone and sound intelligent regardless of which book of business a physician is calling about.
spilled from the Little Dipper.
11. Around the World in a Hundred Years: Jean Fritz
Next, you'll add the bbq sauce. The sauce I used was a spicy chipotle bbq sauce. It was very spicy and very thick. So, I thinned it out (and cooled it down) with 2 Tbsp of sour cream* and 1 Tbsp of milk*. If I was using a thinner, mild bbq sauce (more like the bbq sauce I am used to), I would not do this step. Stir in the bbq sauce to the consistency you like for your chicken salad or tuna salad.
I mentioned in my last post that I have been feeling a bit meh lately. I've got some personal issues with people in my life, a little stressed at work, not running/exercising enough, and just generally being a bit snarky.
Upon successful completion of this course and the accompanying survey, you will receive a completion card from the provider of this course on behalf of the Department of Labor. This completion card will normally take 4-8 weeks to process and ship.
However, Thrun is not a pioneer; Salman Khan’s Khan Academy, founded in 2006, has a stated goal of “providing a high quality education to anyone, anywhere,” completely free of charge. In 2004 and 2005, Khan began posting mathematics tutorials on YouTube. While these were originally designed for his family, testimonials from Khan’s online “students” prompted him to quit his job and devote his full energy to online education. Today, the Khan Academy’s YouTube channel has over 140 million total views and over 300,000 subscribers. In just six years, Khan has significantly disrupted the traditional academic model, demonstrated the possibilities for low-cost education, and suggested a different academic future.
Next off is the winder knob, which is held with a single screw, as you see above. It turns counterclockwise, the opposite direction of the arrow on the knob. You will find much dirt under these pieces. This is all that is holding the top cap on. This is all that can be removed from the body of the camera, except for the lens barrel.
Runaway Thrift is having its first giveaway in the spirit of Spring! To enter subscribe to the blog via one of these: Bloglovin, Blogger, Pinterest, or Facebook
I hope this helps you. Be more you!
Labour is not as bad as you think.
I hope your August was better.
Then America meets Prince Maxon. Gradually, she starts to question all the plans she's made for herself- and realizes that the life she's always
Cena poses on top of the steel steps still in the ring while he’s getting cheered here by Chicago. He’s got stupid comments for his mom into the camera.
A Herculean task
CVS Caremark Corp – Co. reported 1Q12 profit at USD 776m vs. previous USD 713m. EPS at 59 cents a share vs. previous 52 cents a share. Adj. EPS at 65 cents vs. estimated range of 61 to 63 cents vs. previous 57 cents a share. Revenue at USD 30.8b vs. estimated USD 30.31b. FY12 EPS at USD 3.23 to USD 3.33 a share vs. estimated USD 3.18 to USD 3.28 a share. (Fox Business/Dow Jones Newswires)
I have decided to follow Jesus;
Taking cues from arount’s set up I decided to fill a hole in television food and travel POI’s and created a set for The Travel Channels Man v. Food. You know the show, it’s the one where the guy (Adam Richman) goes and gorges himself on 46 lbs of pizza or ends up crying like a girl because he ate chicken wings covered in sauce made from a hot pepper fertilized with the excrement of poisonous lizards and airliner fuel or something… I make no arguments for his sanity…
Regardless of all of the work that had to be done.
The point of all this is that you should start thinking now. That old F150 or minivan might still have a couple years of life in it yet. What are you going to purchase for your next vehicle? If you live in Wyoming or west Texas and have to drive 20 or 30 miles for supplies how are future gas prices going to affect your family? The thousands of commuters that drive over an hour to work each day what does your future look like? Tomorrow will be here soon. Think about it now. Start making some sort of transportation preparation plan.
I fractured two bones in my foot earlier this year and it had been a VERY slow healing injury. The upstairs in our home is designated as Nevaeh Land. It is our daughter's area. She has a den, her bedroom and her own bathroom. My husband has kept me from going up and down the stairs (before you go thinking that he is so sweet and thoughtful, which he is, let it be noted that those very stairs are the culprit behind the fractured foot!) So, I had been completely and blessedly kept in the dark as to how BAD these areas had gotten during my recovery period. This week the foot felt so much better that I made the trip up to check out the damage. I felt like FEMA going in. I went into this state of emergency..quickly assessed the damage...and came out shaking my head and wondering to whom I would petition to come to my aide.
“All right,” Mother let go of me calmly. I wonder if she knows what I’ve decided. She gave me a kiss on the cheek and stepped back. Father and the driver came back just in time to miss my ‘promise’.
And the Mrs. W (who also has a daughter in Oscar's class) started tearing up.
I am not a big Halloween person and even though I thought about bringing something to celebrate it, I decided we were just going to miss it and try our best to be OK with it.
Got anything to eat? he greets them,
50. English name for Tao is Edison Huang. Perhaps he chose the ‘Edison’ because his idol is Edison Chen.
We are going to have so much fun over the next 3 days. Are you as excited as I am? First thing tomorrow morning we are going to do the 5k that benefits Partners Mentoring Youth. After that, we're going to get A to take us to Dempsey's for the yummiest breakfast ever. Saturday night, we are going to my parent's house for dinner and to spend the night because... Sunday is skiing day! That's right, weekend, we're all going to Copper for some super awesome almost-spring skiing. But Monday is going to be super-special too, weekend. You get a bonus day, because I will be donning a cute hippie-skirt and spending my first day of the season helping Viv get the garden ready. There will be good music, iced tea, food, and twirling. I know you just can't wait, weekend. I can't wait either.
I don’t know if you know days like this but there are days when I crave going to the movies – and there’s nothing on. And even I didn’t want to see ‘Salt’ again (yes, I have watched it and not written about it but I still have the perfect headline for a blog-post: ‘Salt – or was it Bond, ca. 1980′ – can you envision the post from that headline?) so I picked what Germans call ‘das geringste Übel’ – the least evil (which is not a good translation at all). Well, the least likely to be a total desaster (other than the Heigl-movie) was ‘Scott Pilgrim vs. the world’. I had seen the trailer (which didn’t do it for me at all) and for me it was just another movie about a loser getting a hip girl – so unlikely.
My PSP is using my reusable filtering water bottle instead of buying plastic bottles when I need to drink water. By doing my PSP for about four weeks now I have a feeling that I have added a good change to my life since my PSP was easy to adapt to. When walking around campus or hanging with my friend and we talked about my bottle, I feel like some of them do like the idea of using it. Actually some of them asked me to try it’s water. Since I don’t know anyone else using that same bottle, I would say I have cut out my usage of plastic water bottles for four weeks now. Since I used to buy a bottle of water everyday and stopped doing that for the four weeks I had my bottle, the number of bottles which I would have bought would be 20 bottles which would cost me 25 dollars. Since I cut using those bottles, the waste of the society would be less which would make us a more sustainable society.
And now, get ready because over the next few weeks, I am going to be showing some other goodies that are going on this ATC holder. If you don't have an ATC holder and cards, now is the time to get them so you can join in and create yours with me! Start with the techniques, and then you will see what comes next. Just think "swatch holder." :) Thanks for stopping by!
John Webber (1751 – 1793) was the official artist for Captain Cook’s third voyage – the voyage in which Cook was killed in Hawaii. He had also been on various tours around the Continent, Wales and the River Wye, but what is unusual about his Derbyshire trip was that he brought along his friend William Day.
As you may be able to surmise, she makes empanadas. Lots of them. All kinds of flavors. But I’m getting ahead of myself.
We all know how this story goes: you decide to dine out but not at a Vegan restaurant. You anxiously anticipate the meal, wondering what you are going to eat - a salad, a dry baked potato, maybe pasta with marinara sauce or a veggie wrap minus the cow pus...uh, I mean cheese. You dread the fact that you are probably going to have to play 20 Questions with the waitstaff - what's in that? How is that prepared? Is it cooked on the same grill as the meat? And if you're feeling brave, you might ask for some Vegan accommodations and hope they don't look at you like an alien, or worse, ask you if you would like the fish (AAACK, FISH IS NOT A VEGETABLE!!). And what if you're gluten-free??? Well, then you had better just order a glass of water...or you can go to a restaurant that truly rocks, Rock Da Pasta.
Anyway, gang, it’s been fun, but as arguing with Jew-baiters is one of life’s more futile endeavours, I’m outta here. I do hope you get over your, uh, little difficulty.
You'll hear about it next time.
2. In a large frying pan, heat ghee, butter or oil, then add sliced shallots. Sprinkle with sea salt and let cook on medium heat until the shallots begin to wilt and lose structure.
New Author Blog Challenge participant Kathi Laughman made a very eloquent comment in answer to yesterday’s question: Why do YOU blog? In it, she addresses all of this … confusion about where to begin and uncertainty of one’s writing skills:
Abdullah said the strong growth of the country’s Gross Domestic Product over the past five years, averaging 5.6 per cent annually, was the first factor considered by the government in determining the quantum of the pay hike.
Currently I work in a book industry supply chain business owned by The Rowman and Littlefield Publishing Group - an international academic publisher. We are constantly adapting and developing our systems in order to keep pace with change in the way books are being published by publishers and bought and “experienced” by customers. By far our most demanding customers are the Internet resellers who have much more exacting data requirements than bricks and mortar booksellers – and next to them in term of service expectations come individuals purchasing books direct. I realised after joining NBNi that I was over 18 years into a career in publishing at a senior level before I did a job that brought me into any sort of proximity with the “customer”. Over the same time-frame I am prepared to bet that there are many in publishing of a similar age, enjoying successful careers - who have had even less contact with or concept of their customer.
So this is my partial list:
For all of Moshe Rabbein’s frustration and mental anguish, caused by the truculent and abstinent Jewish nation, he desired only one thing from Hashem - to enter Eretz Yisrael. However, the gates of Eretz Yisrael and the opportunity to fulfill its respective mitzvot were hermetically closed before Moshe.
She was the first chairperson for the Young People’s Enterprise Partnership board, is an Enterprise Champion for Walsall Education Business Partnership and has both SFEDI Gold accreditation in Enterprise and Social Enterprise. Emma was awarded the Young People’s Business Support Professional WM 2010 and the Social Enterprise Business Support Professional WM 2011.
For the water had now risen
When we stop and look at the circumstances at the time of His wondrous gift, we should always be eternally grateful. The entire world was in sin, and exposed to the wrath of God., and all of humanity were living in hopelessness without salvation. For salvation to be accomplished God had to give His only Son. The world had no right to receive the gift of God of themselves; it was a gift – an undeserved gift resulting of the death of Christ upon the cross. Jesus tasted “spiritual death for all mankind,” He died for us all. The gift of God was a free and unmerited gift, as it pleased God to give his Son into the hands of men to die in their place. It was the greatest act of compassion and movement of love that sinners should not perish forever, but be redeemed by the blood of Christ shed on Calvary.
Not captured well is the window interior. It is a beautiful golden scene, like the warm glow of a fireplace... and a festive metallic Christmas tree. And one final note on this creation: The filigree brown backdrop of the other windows and the roof... that's all fabulous chocolate. I would totally live in a house with a chocolate roof laced with icing. I used ric-rac ribbon to emulate the icing, but once again had little luck adhering it. Is it even possible?! I've tried everything. I wanted to sew it, but that's a little challenging without a sewing machine. And all my needles are covered in Stickles and Glossy Accents from jammed nozzles.
I'd sit there for hours at the dining room table, the Spirograph set in front of me with everything in its rightful place; the cogs and wheels laid out in their plastic packaging, four pens with different coloured inks, a corrugated card backing-sheet and the small pins with round yellow tops that would hold the wheels in place. The instruction leaflet showed me the countless ways I could produce intricate patterns, just by chasing a cog around a wheel; and I believed it. I was captured by the promise of the swirling patterns, by the idea that I could recreate those pictures from lines.
Our day was nearing an end and we still needed to name our brew so we utilized a white board in the Sensory lab. After much thoughtful brainstorming and debate we narrowed the choices down to Hopsichord and Mulligan. We were deadlocked at 5-5 and none of the Sierra Nevada staff would brave the tiebreaker so we chose Hopsichord by a coin flip.
This wallpaper is a great mix of neutrals… some cool, some warm. It was perfect for pulling in all of the shades of gray and cream in the room. I also love that it has a little bit of metallic gold in the flower petals. Just enough to add some sparkle!
A nasty-looking EUROTRASH THUG (30’S)
The rabbit comes complete with (half) it's offal, so I warm some oil in a pan and flip out the half of the brain and gently fry it.(Veggie chums, if you're still here I did warn you, and it doesn't get any better). I then finely chop the kidneys, liver and tongue, and add them to the pan. I turn the heat up, add the rabbit pieces, and fry until golden and crisp on the outside. Then, the juice and zest of half a lemon, a few sprigs of rosemary, a very healthy glug of white wine, and cover for maybe fifteen minutes. Served with some cavolo nero and crusty bread, it is without doubt the tastiest rabbit dish I have ever cooked. It could probably have fed four; nevertheless we have no problems scoffing the lot, and the bones (and the head, which is still in the fridge) will make for a fine stock tomorrow.
Take each color of dough and roll it out until it is about 1/4″ thick. Stack the dough on top one another and then cut the edges off so that you have a nice rectangle of dough.
From there, we drank, studied and traveled together, and eventually he moved in… also out of necessity, but that’s a can of worms for Roommate to write. (Guest post hint hint)
Randy Weeks
1. The Gong (0:13)
I needed to walk Sofi because the poor thing was cooped up all day, and needed to get out and really move. It was still in the 90s at 5:30, when I would’ve needed to leave to take Sofi on the walk so that I could still make it to the class. It would have been after 8pm when I got home from the class, and much too dark to take her for the walk she needed.
It’s a personal comparison between faded images of the past and the bright colored ones of the present.I feel no need to apologize to anyone for my own mess.I feel no need to say I am sorry for a silent tear that fell on the keyboard.Anyhow the world is so silent right now I could scream and be heard to the end of the universe.I don’t write lyrics as I am awfull with words.I am better in silence.I can’t express my own feelings even if I am dieing to.
This is for the We Write Poems prompt on haibun. Though I’ve written haiku, I’ve never intentionally written haibun. Haibun put very simply, is a combination of short prose paired with a haiku. They are connected, sometimes obviously but sometimes more cryptically. I’ve included photos at the end of the place that inspired this. The haibun link will take you to a more detailed explanation of the form and prompt. Please visit the We Write Poems link above for more haibun.
In that time I managed to pick up my knitting needles after a year and carry on learning to knit.
I don’t care what anyone tells you: sitting at a computer for 8 hours is a major energy drain, particularly when you’re under the weather and a little tired to begin with. By the time I’d left work and walked/rode home (jumping over puddles as I went), I had about enough energy left to eat some string cheese, greek yogurt and vegetable chips (I should clarify, Mike was hanging out with a few guy friends and ate dinner/left before I got home) while watching last night’s episode of Castle followed by Thursday’s Parks and Rec. Eventually I scaled Mount Staircase and have since been sitting in my office catching up on my other love: Studio255 (my freelance stationery company). I cannot thank my clients enough for their patience while I finished up closing on the new house, painted and moved in. Hopefully things will balance out soon so I can keep Studio255 and getting the house in order both moving along nicely – ideally leaving me a few ‘spare’ minutes to get a vegetable garden up and running.
Sensing a promise, the man stammers back, 'Oh yes, I agree with you completely!'
There are thousands of new books published every year and a very small number are reviewed. Many books that come out just do not survive very long on the shelves of bookstores.
Watching The Geej put on a "dance show" for me in her room. She is wearing a purple sequin tube top and a red taffeta skirt. It is all twirling and hair flipping and lots of throwing herself on the ground. She has absolutely no rhythym but is fully committed to the music.
Of those lessons, here's what I think is the most important one: be brave. And by being brave, I mean you need to be brave enough to let go of a manuscript that isn't working. Some of us are so talented that
Have fun with your style, create a fashion statement and you'll always:
And it isn’t.
Next Week- I’m hoping to do a full review of the Pathfinder Game Mastery Guide!
I use no patterns so these are truly one of a kind.
"What are they up to?" the tree wondered. "What will happen next?"
It makes my heart sing to have all eight of us under the same roof and I am beyond grateful...
The DVLA will begin deploying the products in 2013 using Gemalto’s EU-compliant eco-friendly Sealys polycarbonate portfolio of secure documents, fitted with unique security features such as Sealys Edge Sealer, a feature unique in the market comprising a laser engraving process applied during the production stage to the edge of the polycarbonate document, adding an additional layer of security. Furthermore, with Gemalto’s Sealys Laser Sealer feature, the laser-engraved images will be digitally enhanced to include an additional visible security pattern, which prevents modification of the photo without leaving visible marks.
Make lots and lots of friends – especially female ones, if you can. The more people you know, the more opportunities there will be to meet even more people – and more potential girlfriends. Making friends does require effort; you’ll need to be the one making lots of calls and emails and even the one who arranges some evenings out. The more sociable you appear, the more likely it is that you’ll get noticed, too.
Sunbury. Vic 3429
Commandant Edward ‘Ned’ Daly surrendered the First Battalion at the Four Courts on the evening of 29 April 1916. Following their surrender and subsequent arrest for their actions in the Easter Rising, the Battalion was marched, together with their commander, to the grounds of the Rotunda Hospital, where they were held all night under armed guard. From there Edward Daly was taken to Kilmainham gaol. At his court-martial trial, Daly asserted that he and his men were just following orders. Daly was convicted and sentenced to execution. In the stonebreaker's yard of Kilmainham Gaol on 4 May 1916 he was executed by firing squad. Only 25 years old, he was the youngest man to be executed.
The prophet Lehi had seen vision of this destruction and preached to the people to repent. The Jews did not listen but sook to destroy his life instead. The Lord warns Lehi to depart out of the land of Jerusalem and ultimately guided to the promised land (the Americas), the setting for the Book of Mormon ..the history and God's dealings with the people who lived there (see quote below found in Mormon.org).
At another stop, 41-year-old Constantina Tassiou looked bewildered and overwhelmed as Golden Dawn members piled clothes and supermarket bags at her doorstep.
The study found that second graders who were taught to read using the Core Knowledge program scored significantly higher on reading comprehension tests than did those in the comparison schools.
Third stage is a feeling that everyday is a holiday, everyday should be spent just the way you want to spend it. You begin to feel that your vacation time should actually be a vacation. You should be shopping, visiting, traveling. You'll spend way more than you had anticipated in traveling, visiting your children, seeing the world. This stage may last as long as your money is there to finance it.
Step 5: Force-Evolution so much it makes Darwin shit in his coffin
But corned beef, too? This one is being retailed at GHS7.70, or USD5.13!
Mandarins contained well-researched and must-read translator's notes, glossary, and afterword. De Wolf's idiomatic translation, vocabulary, and diction seemed to have captured well Akutagawa's poetry. He seemed to have an intuition for words such that the Japanese writer came across as an English prose stylist.
Recommendation $8,500
Well Alyson could deal with the garlic nails but the garlic hair was another story. You see, every time our dear Alyson washed her hair the garlic smell would appear and disappear into the night as her hair dried. This went on for months even after she stopped using the garlic conditioner. The nadir came when she went to a beauty salon, forgetting about her garlic problem, but that wasn’t for long because it soon announced itself to her and the beautician. Alyson wanted to crawl in a hole as she tried to apologize and awkwardly explain the oder.
For your next beach vacation, select only the best in Playa del Carmen. Truly take pleasure in your rest and relaxation in this deluxe two bedroom top-floor suite. This fabulous condo overlooks the awe-inspiring waters of the Caribbean.
so plant those seeds and love we will all sow.
And of course, I could write paragraphs about the institutionalized corruption in our banks and large corporations, but today I have to set it a side. There is a balance to life. I care deeply about my county and helping it to heal from the wounds from greed and apathy, and I will continue to write and speak out about the wrongs that I see in an effort to right them. But this morning I woke up to a red rose on my night table.
I hand-wrote a few ideas yesterday and so I have some typing to do today.
Trust your reader to use your gorgeous, succinct, tight word choices to paint their picture. Lead their eye, mind, heart only to what's important to your story; what pushes it forward.
But Paedophilia is a subject which allows no-one to be level-headed. I am after all a father and grandfather.
17-19 May Jenin
I love old buildings with slightly quirky architecture, so the Boston Latin School was a treat! I discovered an interesting problem with shooting photos in Boston. The city is so old that’s it’s cramped together. It’s exceedingly difficult to get a shot with the entire structure in it. Especially if you’re dodging other tourists with no sense of who might be trying to take a picture.
Taxi
And LOOK at these!
Cover with plastic wrap and allow to rise in a warm place for 1-2 hrs. Divide dough in half. Roll each half out into a 12 inch circle on a piece of parchment paper. Top as desired.
7. Clients should not think that cheapest is best.
When visualizing the concept of a corporate identity and logo, many times businesses do not contemplate the same set of parameters that a good graphic designer contemplates. One very important aspect to consider when conceptualizing a logo is considering the mediums in which the logo will be used.
And, without further ado and other uncreative transitional phrases, today's outfit:
The first mound had no living ants. As I watched, a large drone wandered into the treated area. Within seconds, it was in obvious distress and within minutes was curled up and barely moving.
Well, then everything would be heaven.
Practical wisdom is concerned with human things and with those that about which it is possible to deliberate.
Carlos and Miguel re-entered with our drinks.
You’re kidding me right?
HP) The opportunity to travel and feel the works of some big artists in person.
And support our Cause in any way that you can. If we ALL join together, we CAN make a difference.
Before this year, I simply avoided politics. I certainly measured up to many of the stereotypes proposed to the doom-and-gloom, Armegedon type theorist. “Why even get involved in politics? It’s so far gone, it’s just a sinking ship.” Trying to find the balance of how I can make a difference has been both challenging and rewarding. So today, I want to encourage and challenge you to take a close examination of the political positions you hold so dear, the scope of your impact has in society, and the lessons I’ve learned in my journey along the way.
then...i checked my email saturday morning after we all slept for two hours and saw that kohls was having a sale. so i talked my mom into taking me and the princess into pushing me around in the store's wheelchair. i got 5 new dresses for my new job. yay!
A skills assessment exercise that maps the country’s inventory skill set starting from post graduate holders all the way to primary school drop outs should be undertaken. The results of the country’s skills inventory should then be mapped against the country’s projected skill needs. Areas that indicate there is going to be excess inventory should cull back their training programs while those that point to a shortage should have their enrollment and funding increased. With such an approach, a reasoned way forward can be charted rather than having the various parties advancing their self serving agendas while shouting from roof tops to scare and confuse the public.
Tröckener Kecks Niemand thuis NL
Back to actual November happenings, we really enjoyed a "Pie Night" activity at church. Even though Aaron thought I was crazy, I helped each of the kids make their very own pie to be judged in the competition. Sera made a "Pinkalicious" pie with cream cheese and raspberry jello in a graham cracker crust, Emerson made a cherry pie (using a pre-made crust and pie filling), Addy made a chocolate mint cream pie in a (pre-made) oreo crust, Theo made a coconut cream pie, and I made a sour cream apple pie. After all that pie making, none of us won prizes (I console myself that none of our pies were labeled properly, because really, if they had counted up the votes of the little girls, Sera would have taken home top honors), but we all had a lot of fun and we all ate a lot of pie!
I really don't have anyone to talk to about it. Sanford is just as hurt as I am, so I don't bring it up. My mom just tells me that "God has a plan." And that hurts my heart even more because I am mad. Mad at God. Mad at the life I have been dealt. And I know I should let go of that anger. But it is hard.
The submissions for the “Digital Humanities and the Archives” roundtable at ASECS 2012 attest to the varied meanings scholars ascribe to “archive” as a digital entity. While some proposals viewed commercial textbases such as ECCO or EEBO as archives, others considered non-commercial digital projects (some of which were designed to perform additional roles beyond being a repository), as falling under the “archival” designation. Still others proposed topics that were not tied to specific digital collections or projects. Reflecting this diversity, the selected presentations featured two papers on the nature of searching within digital environments (Randall Cream, West Chester Univ., and Bill Blake, New York Univ.), another on the coding issues encountered in building a performance history database (Mike Gavin, Rice University; University of South Carolina, Fall 2012), a fourth on the potential evidence that can be derived from negative results (Sayre Greenfield, Univ. of Pittsburgh, Greensburg), and the last on a digital archive aimed at facilitating exchange between scholars facilitating exchange between scholars and those outside the academy (Jessica Richard, Wake Forest Univ.). In his post on the many Digital Humanities sessions at ASECS, Stephen Gregg offers a fine overview of this roundtable, so the following comments supplement his summary. In addition, they serve as a springboard for discussing digitization’s broader “archival effects,” a term coined by Marlene Manoff to “suggest the ways in which digital media bring the past into the present” (386).
Hi everyone~
3.) Portrait: My Lady Angelina (Michael Soldan - Jeff Cannata) - 5:00
5:30pm on a working day, a crisping sound comes from the speakers, then followed by a tune that must surely be the national anthem. The big concrete university building, the red flags on top of it, and the anthem that even with my understanding of the Vietnamese language sounds like it’s hailing the hard workers, the heroes of the nation. Why don’t we have that at home?
Ms. James’s survivors include her husband of 42 years, Artis Mills; two sons, Donto and Sametto James; and four grandchildren.
Easily, Easily Until It’s Done – Lucky Strikes
I chose Butterfly Melody and decided to team her up with our delicious new digi papers from the Floral Fantasy range which are available in 12x12, 6x6 and 6x6 monotone. I chose one of the papers and flipped it and added a new layer then copying the melody digi in JPG format, pasted this on top so its filled in white to colour. I used a pale colouring of mauve on her with blonde hair adding a little gem and added a sentiment then simply matted onto a base.
I used to work in the spare room. A cold space at the back of the house that had the virtue of being quiet. I could shut out the world and freeze my feet in winter in peace. I had an inspiring view of cement and a fence plus the neighbour's roof. I stuck it out for a few years then decided enough was enough.
Since the protein is out of the way, it is time to look at the rest of your diet. Not only do you need to worry about your daily needs, but you will also need to think long and hard about the needs of your animals. If you are raising rabbits you’re going to need to cultivate grasses and vegetables, pigs need higher protein and corn at a minimum to survive, cattle will need large amounts of grasses and some sort of grain. All of the dietary needs of animals and yourself are necessary to think about when you’re thinking about your garden because they all tie together.
3. Sterling Ruby at MOCA, PDC: I cannot help but think that nothing less than everything is stake in Ruby’s work – who we are, where we are going, and how, most importantly, we view ourselves. The work drips with experiences so protean and raw that it scared me. That, to me, means it’s working.
For the past few months I have been feeling like “blah”. I am not sure how else to describe it. For 6 months, I have been in a constant state of worry and self-doubt. It’s been relentless. I tried to explain this to my friends and they all looked at me in bewilderment. One friend offered that it was just that I was transitioning to a new phase of my life and growing pains hurt, right?
My PSP brought a lot of hidden facts. It shows how we people are major source of pollution. However, it also made me change some of lifestyles to reduce the energy consumption which leads to less CO2 emissions. We should try as possible as we can to reduce CO2 emissions that we produce and to spread the message of protecting our environment and future to everyone we know. As an electrical engineering student, I believe that I have responsibility toward our planet to develop the technology that can solve challenging environmental problems.
2 Tbsp. vegetable oil, divided
7:58. PPPPHHHHHHHHUUUUUUUUUTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!
Wow, if I was rich and woke up with David Beckham every morning you would never get a cheesy grin off MY face.
Here is the Birthday card I made for Kristy.
Right? Hope so. I'm already looking forward to the next project.
You must then create a product information file or "PIF" for every product containing the recipe, method and MSDS for all ingredients and have it ready for inspection at all times!
Your prompts have given so much pleasure
This week work, my day job, has been crazy. My creative side needs some attention. So maybe this weekend I will have some time. Hoping!!
Believe me, I had this happen many times when I was kid
Plus, you can pick any color paper to match your space, making the bins totally customizable! I should mention, the bins were purchased at Ikea also, where the shelving unit is from:
Japanese Style pan-fried noodle: 7.5/10 First of all, I actually like the taste of it except it names. This dish looks and tastes just like a better version (less oily) of the Chinese pan-fry rice noodle you get in Chinatown. The way I see it, this dish has little “Japanese” about it except being called “Japanese”.)
It was more than a little disappointing to find that the hands on with Starhawk was ground based as opposed to in the sky or being multiplayer. Regardless, the action was solid and fairly enjoyable, though it was reminiscent of Red Faction, without the comedy destruction. I’m still looking forward to this but I don’t think this demo would have sold many people.
Some economists like French Serge Latouche advocate for another social model: degrowth. Unbridled consumerism goes along with natural resources’ destruction, degrowth activists are stating. Less consuming cannot harm anyone. On the contrary. Slimming down our carbon footprint and compelling companies to put the emphasis on products’ quality and longevity, as well as on environmental conservation, will certainly not harm our world. It will humanize it.
(Photos Courtesy Bachelor Spoilers Facebook Page)
What has bothered me most is that as I listen to what others have said, I am concerned that the average Christian does not understand the basic attributes of God. All we ever seem to hear is that God is love. Yes, He is, that is for sure a scriptural fact. But God also hates sin and He is a just God as well. Without going too deep and long into theology, it is still important to understand that Jesus had to die and shed His blood and then be resurrected so that we can enter into God’s most Holy presence. Simply put He cannot, by His nature, allow sin to go unpunished. Jesus paid the price for us, but that only applies to those who have accepted His free offer of salvation. I don’t wish to spend time here; if we are anything more than a brand new believer we should have knowledge of this. See Hebrews 5:12 if you wish.
I could talk on this forever... but here's just a few...
Riley decided to make himself comfortable in Justin's desk chair. How sweet is that? (Please excuse the awesome mess of paperwork completely surrounding Justin's desk area. He decided to clean out his desk over the weekend, so I wasn't going to complain about the papers strewn about all over the floor!)
Today is the first day of the Papertrey Ink Anniversary festivities. The challenge this morning is to be inspired by the Papertrey DT's favorite projects. Well, how do you pick just one? It seems a no brainer to think I'd be inspired by Maile's favorite, amazingly though, I chose a card by Melissa Phillips. I love her vintage-y, shabby chic style, something that doesn't come easily for me. I never seem to know what to do with this stamp set and her project simply oozed with creativity & class. I tried to add my own touches and not straight out CASE her. This was definitely a fun card to make. I didn't feel like the images needed to be perfect, the uneven stamping of some of the elements adds to the charm of the intended style.
Making time for me...whether it is taking an art course, painting in the studio, time with friends, going to yoga, meditating, having a babysitter. These are all things that are working for me. That I need to make time for to create balance.
The reviewer concluded with this comment: “A bit too arch and cute for modern tastes at times, Pillow Talk is still one of the best of the frothy Doris Day-Rock Hudson vehicles; it made a fortune at the box office and garnered five Oscar nominations.”
If this plotline sounds familiar, it's not surprising. The Flight of Gemma Hardy is a retelling of Charlotte Bronte's Gothic classic, Jane Eyre. Author Margot Livesey's version begins in the 1950's, a time when women without financial means had more options than becoming either a servant or a governess. Yet Livesey makes Gemma's predicament plausible. Similar elements of the story are different, but parallel those of Bronte's novel. Most importantly, Gemma Hardy, like Jane Eyre, is a spunky, independent girl who captures the reader's sympathy and admiration.
Atlas is a leading global provider of outsourced aircraft and aviation operating services and the contract with Etihad Airways is for one aircraft under a multi-year Aircraft, Crew, Maintenance and Insurance (ACMI) agreement.
Now a new phenomenon has lifted its ugly head in the political arena — the use of thugs, gangsters and hooligans to intimidate and frighten, sometimes violently, civil society and NGOs carrying out their legitimate activities. Dissenters, protesters and even opposition leaders have become victims of these thugs.
5. Sun Ra - Moonship Journey
He has obstructed the Administration of Justice, by refusing his Assent to Laws for establishing Judiciary powers.
“Come on Sabian, the tweet will still be there when you finish the email”
picture the the producer wants to create.
We apologise to everyone about what we did and promise we won't do it again in our new Sunday paper "Badfort News on Sunday" - but we got some brill scandal on Unc wot we found going thru his trash cans !"
NA: Do you think the Icelandic music scene is moving in a positive direction?
2-Agua de Jamaica (ha-mike-ah)
"Till we meet you again, may God bless you. Adios."
to plan the project, because once you’re in front of the moon, it rises
It truly was a beautiful day. It brought me back to the fact that although being at the ocean is sticky and sandy, I really love it. And most of all I loved watching the innocence of my children. Unfortunately, I didn't take a camera today to capture any of what I saw, so I can only rely on my memory. Words can't begin to describe the thoughts that were going through my head. Everything from, I miss my mom, to "Footprints in the Sand," to the innocence of children, my children, to the joy of spending time with one of my BFF's, who loves my girls like they are her own flesh and blood, and many others. I forgot to mention how we started out the day. The girls were asking me what kind of animals live in the ocean. I think they were afraid of something nibbling on their toes. I didn't have the heart to tell them about jelly fish. But I told them crabs and whales live in the ocean. Then we talked about who made the earth (God), who made the animals (God), who made Adam & Eve (God), and that God put Adam & Eve in charge of all the animals. Thank you God for your beautiful creation.
Cheers to all the FanstRAvaganza people out there! In particular Phylly3, who like me is writing today about her experience as a fan of Armitage. Check her post out below, as well as many other writers’ experiences!
This pagoda was really neat because there was a giant square pond in the middle, and in the centre of that you could walk up a bridge into a small round shrine, shaped somewhat like a lotus, which was for the Buddha. When I said “this is just like a mandala” the person standing beside me said “a what? Look, there are turtles in the pond.” Indeed, there were turtles in the pond. I tried to take some pictures of the turtles, because turtles are awesome. There were also fish in the pond, but I’m more fond of turtles.
FR: if you want immediate attention, you ought to go to emergency.
Asked what would happen tomorrow, Kuala Lumpur police chief DCP Mohmad Salleh told FMT: “No comment, no comment, no comment” (though he held a press conference today saying protesters can rally outside of the Dataran site).
US Caramel 40L Malt 8.00 oz 4.3 % 3.6
.... back to reality.
The Sisters Of Mercy began to gather steam through a series of early singles including "Alice" and "Temple Of Love," as well as The Reptile House EP, all of which were recorded by the group's original lineup: Eldritch on vocals, Gary Marx and Ben Gunn on guitars, Craig Adams on bass and a drum machine they named Doktor Avalanche. In 1983, shortly after "Temple Of Love" was released, Gunn left the band due to personality conflicts with Eldritch, and was replaced by former Dead Or Alive guitarist Wayne Hussey as the band recorded their first full-length album, First And Last And Always, released in early 1985. Bolstered by outstanding tracks like "Black Planet" and "Walk Away," the album found a receptive audience at home in the UK and became an underground hit here in the States. They toured in support of the LP, but during the tour Gary Marx quit, blaming an inability to get along with Eldritch (you may notice a pattern emerging here).
In the eyes of the atheist
We drank Cuba Libres and danced for hours.
The days of him sleeping upstairs with us have been over for months. In the beginning, of course, he slept on the bed, which he achieved through a merry leap. And then we got a higher bed, and he got older, and every so often he would merrily leap and only make it halfway and then slide back onto the floor, and we would laugh and pick him up and set him on the bed, all 50 pounds of him, and even though we were laughing there was a little stab to the heart, this realization that he was getting on in years.
Okay, I cannot believe I just used that as a title of one of my blog posts. *LOL* It just popped in my head so there you go. Laugh with me if you will.
Yes you have special needs, but in the scope of life don't we all? Some are just well hidden or just seen as a quirky trait. In my eyes I love your face and your little peanut for an ear. You can hear out of your ear which is fantastic. We will have you see some doctors to fix your ear and your jaw. I know it will hurt but Mommy and Daddy will be with you as well as our GOD who will protect you. Will life always be a bed of roses for you? No.... But we will be here for you to help you understand and to look past the people that may treat you unfairly. Because in our eyes you are perfect and so loved!!
Just ask... It is a pleasure for being able to deliver such high end beautiful jewelry!
Phase 3 – Cardio
5 Windows In Dreams
My mother-in-law plays beautifully, but she has her own piano.
"Leave me alone!" Rachel yelled, a little bit out of fear. Although a part of her had this vague knowledge that she was just dreaming. Mostly, she was just annoyed and in pain. She wanted this dream to end.
Dateline: Australia. Look at that sad little face. A mother down under told police she was “sickened” when she took her family for burgers only to find this crude drawing of a penis inside the container. Some dastardly lad, no doubt inspired by Justin Timberlake, decided to try his own hand (no pun intended) at putting a dick in a box. “If someone would do this, what else did they do to my burger?” Eww...
alongbine: Wish I could stay longer, But…Byeeeeeee until next time…
I don’t love all the cleanup.
Great if I am going to hurt myself I am implementing a new rule – only on the occasions where I will do it well enough to illicit sympathy
I was at the Detroit airport when I saw "Knit the Season" by Kate Jacobs, author of "The Friday Night Knitting Club" and "Knit Two."
Do take a tour - and consider the property an investment. Roger, who survived Christmas and strikes me as newly robust of health, will one day, when he is another place, draw the attention of a blue plaque bearer - think how financially rewarding that could be.
So, Hari is partly right, even though he doesn't quite "get it":
Her pediatrician had noted that if she still wasn't eating food at her 1-year check-up (that is in two weeks) that she would be referred for services/therapy (because she really should be eating food by then). I'm glad that we won't have to go that route.
GoDz I love these wacky 40% off sales...I got all of these for under $20 total!
I’m holding onto my dream of becoming a songwriter (who sings) because God has given me this talent and I expect miracles will come out of it, if I am faithful.
I hope you enjoyed learning a little bit about me, my love for having Tea Parties & baking scones, Photography, and creating my custom Tea Cosies.
A variant originating from the station of Blora, located rule Central Java. This variant is prepared of treacherous ( meat and skin ) pieces that are smaller compared to the other variants. Honest is normally eaten curtain peanut relish, rice, and a methodical variance unreal of coconut milk and herbs. Unlike other variants, sate Blora is normally grilled mark front of buyers through they are eating. The buyers communicate the vendor to barricade grilling when they are finished hold back their meal.
4. Conceptual Drawing-façade improvements with list of renovations
- You debuted as a twin group.
Chris Petrella (REP) 0.70% 38
Then again, lying in bed, on my side, drifting sleep-wards. The hand on my back. All fingers against me, clearly palpable. And the push.
During fair time, Craft said he can draw from nearly 433 officers from 33 agencies in the region to help his police force patrol the grounds during the State Fair’s 19-day run. The GPS monitoring will occur in the background, with a parole agent able to respond in minutes if a GPS-wearing parolee comes on the fairgrounds.
The Lodger: A Story of the London Fog was one of Alfred Hitchcock's first films, and certainly his first really major work — Hitchcock himself considered it his first true feature. This moody, slowly paced silent is a variation on the Jack the Ripper tale. A mysterious killer called the Avenger is murdering blonde girls in the London night, creeping through the fog, killing women and then vanishing without a trace. The only witnesses who have seen him say that he wraps his face in a scarf, obscuring his features. So when a young new tenant (Ivor Novello) arrives at the Bunting family boarding house, his face wrapped in a scarf, the family naturally becomes suspicious of him. The Buntings (Marie Ault and Arthur Chesney) come to suspect that the new lodger could be the slasher, even as their daughter Daisy (June Howard Tripp) falls for the handsome young man, pushing away her parent-approved current boyfriend, the policeman Joe (Malcolm Keen).
After strike 2, I sat back and realized that I’m not inhaling Spain for Spain. I was complaining about the un-American features that Spain carried. No, I didn’t like getting lost in trails of smoke, or the fishy smells. I didn’t like that even though I didn’t eat meat, I still tasted fish in the vegetarian food.
What is important about becoming aware of your own response to anger (in yourself or others) is your knowledge of what you are modeling or communicating to your child. If you want others to hurt inside when you are mad, what will the effect be on your child if you make comments that cause him to feel bad about himself? If you need to be alone when you are mad, how will you handle this need if you are raising a young child and it is just the two of you?
It turns out that this technology isn't really key to the story, so I don't know why the author went through the trouble of concocting the thread in the first place. The other parts of the story are actually pretty good.
Yeah so think about that you murderous fornicators! Whenever you're trying to AVOID creating life, you are KILLING IT! You see, If you're out there engaging in Non-Santorum Approved Coitus or NSAC (as the hipsters call it), you're getting in the way of god's plan! Baby Jesus needs more babies, you know, to go on play dates and shit. Now I know what you're thinking "If the pill is taken to PREVENT getting pregnant, what exactly is it killing? Wouldn't ABSTINENCE then kill also?" HAH! Only a complete WHORE would ask such a question! You're probably a snob that went to college or had some kind of "Book" learnin'. What a bunch of nonsense! Don't you understand that if you're asking these questions, you're ALREADY PREGNANT?
At three years old, he climbed a tree so high that his mom had to have the neighbor rescue him and even then there was talk of calling the fire department.
I have now been waiting two minutes. My anticipated wait time was 0 minutes and I was first in line!
Sherwood Smith's Banner of the Damned, which I found appealing but also frustrating (Smith is one of the most hugely talented fantasy novelists of her or indeed any other generation, and yet she writes books so idiosyncratically that it hugely limits enjoyment and readership - in many respects this is much better than George R. R. Martin, only I thoroughly see why his books have reached a much wider audience and hers have internal constraints that will prevent them from doing so). Cannot imagine that I or, really, anyone else will ever teach such a class, but it would make a very interesting student assignment in a novel-writing class oriented towards epic storytelling and fantasy: it is such an unusual mix of the remarkable and the perverse in terms of storytelling virtues and vices.
Purists like the Chicago Manual of Style, Strunk and White and even The Oxford University have argued that it's not strictly necessary - except where the sense demands it.
Well, I hope that I have encouraged my fellow Mama-readers to come over and join a great community (that just got a COMPLETE overhaul) of fellow mothers. And I hope to see you join one of , or even better, both of my groups today!
Related link:
I got off to an (unintentionally) amazing start for National Bike Month. I had planned to ride to a gathering at a friend’s house tonight, which would have put me at about 13 miles for the day. Not too bad. Well, this morning after walking Chester, I decided to run an errand. Of course I’d hop on my bike. Contemplated taking the short way but decided to ride the Colby Woods Trail. Approximately 11 miles round trip. Cool. So, I get home and my husband says “Want to go for a ride?” and I didn’t even think twice before answering “Yes!” We did our usual loop of Colby Woods to Bill Riley/Waterworks to Grey’s Lake to Neil Smith to Inter-Urban. Another 17 under my belt. All in all, a good day of riding. The trails were all in pretty good condition – as far as being clear of debris. It was a beautiful day for some rides.
I tried again and these pirate bunnies came out. Much better match for the boys I think, and something unique as well. Not your traditional Easter Bunnies, but I think they'll like them!
I did, but the Japanese name for them is so appropriate that I had to look them up on Wiki to find out what the common English name was-- oh yeah! Pill bugs. Roly Polies.
Secondly, if I may wilfully misinterpret your question for the sake of a blog post, I have many moments for concern. I am concerned by the continued existence of reality television, I am concerned by the closing-in of the seasons, for I believe I may very well be a seasonally disaffected man. I am concerned that my fellow man is more preoccupied with Bosnian puppy-drowners than Bosnian war criminals. I am concerned that the only notable response to a British war criminal in our midst came from a few Sinn Féin nutjobs. That Mental Morrissey continues to be given a platform. I am concerned that with the dampening of Dublin comes the drying up of furriners, and that, on any given Friday, I may be dismissed from my employment with a shrug. I am concerned that I will take my anxieties about unemployment out on my wife. She doesn't care about money, but sometimes I'd love for her to not even have to not care. I am concerned that slowly, gently we will start to trust our government again, that we will vote the bastards in again, that we are falling victim to an indefinable propaganda machine as effective as Fox News.
One good thing that we do have in common is our passion for our friends and wanting true, honest, no holds-bar friendships. We want to be able to share authentic and real relationship with people. We hate it when people are fake and don't want to really share their lives. I know it is hard for everyone to do that, but that is what we are called to do. We need to help each other bear the burdens of life and to help each other in the battle.
Father: Argyle male
The janitor did not reply.
The definition of security offences
Hello everyone! I hope everyone's week has been fine and dandy so far. It's thursday! Which means we are one day away from friday, which means the week is almost over! I'll be heading off to Europe this weekend, and I'm hoping that weather will be nice enough to wear a leather jacket, a trench coat, and some fuzzy warm boots! :)
"life doesn't stop for any body."
FAE, #2 in the Elemental Trilogy, is now up on Goodreads!
Waiting for him to talk to me and tell me how his day went.
THEY ARE BEING CUT OFF – AND ARE RUNNING OUT OF MONEY
Food & Water
Cranberry Christmas ... ABC Family ... 10:30 AM
ItaliaWorldWide
So here's the relevance to this entry... If I ever wish to help some sort of world crisis I'd try to reduce the suffering of animals by not eating meat. But I am not even willing to do that. Like I said, I'm a selfish person.
Imagine finding your first love, only to be ripped apart by the apocalypse. Peyton Anderson will never forget the day she was forced to make a choice–between her family–and Chris Parker, the boy she’d given her heart. Now, four years later, as she steps from the fallout shelter and into a dead and broken world, he’s the only thing on her mind.
What kind of poetry do you write? Haiku and related forms (tanka, renku, haiga, etc).
Indeed, ice hockey appears to be Glasgow’s best-kept secret. It has a distinctively underground feel to it combined with an element of frustration due to the fact that its surge in popularity has not been met with a significant increase in coverage by the media. Pryor is quick to highlight hockey‘s growth in the nation, saying: “People say it’s a minority sport but it’s the third biggest attended sport in the country after football and rugby so it’s not that small. It’s a minority sport as far as players are concerned because there’s about 8,000 players in the whole of Britain. In Scotland there’s only 19 recreational hockey teams but in England there’s more than 60.
To Be or Not to Be; Criminals as Existence
detained Mr. Henry Okah claims that in just the first few
The comments are marvellous as well… here is a taster…well worth a read.
Slowly he lifted and placed her on the floor. Then he began to make love. First gently and then in his usual brutal wild way.
11. Scarface - Wanted
The Battle of Somme claimed 60,000 lives on its first day on July 1, 1916. Four months later, 415,000 British and Dominions soldiers had been killed or wounded. The Battle of Ypres saw the Germans use a new weapon. 168 tonnes of chlorine gas was released into Allied positions. 5,000 French soldiers in the trenches died within ten minutes, 10,000 were blinded as they escaped. In 1917, the number of British casualties and injured totalled 800,000. Many of Highclere staff were wounded and killed, those sent home were the lucky ones. The missing and the ones buried on foreign soil made the impact even more heartbreaking.
I woke up on March 7th with a big surprise: my domain was gone!!! The reason is a combination of all the misshapen that have happened since I created this service: google accounts cancelled wout explanation, change of phone numbers because of things that are happening in my life, etc. So, I would really appreciate if you can spread the word regarding the "change" of url to this site. I will need to come up with a new domain, so I can make life easier... in the meantime, it will work with blogspot. I am very sorry for any inconvenience.
1. Define the basic structure of matter.
Take a big flat plate and set your ring mould on it.
233300 Nonresidential building construction
Reiki for taking away my neck pain
“You can’t put words on it and understand, but your soul does.”
And yet, by heaven, I think my love as rare
My mom and her brothers are going to celebrate her today, scattering her ashes (what remains of her earthly “shell”) at the foot of “her mountain” in Huachuca City, Arizona. Grandma used to live out there in the Sierra Vista valley surrounded by desert hills and it’s the perfect resting place. She would have loved knowing they are doing that today, and that they’re doing it together.
I worked on my rose making process yesterday so that it was a little bit quicker and easier, even though they were pretty easy to begin with. But now they stick together a little better!
If you want to avoid runtime errors you need to use MinGW compiled with –enable-fully-dynamic-string.
I know you all have been waiting on my complete and in depth analysis of the election this past Tuesday so here it comes. It speaks for itself. Conservative America (most of America) is sick and tired of liberal politics and the "same ol' thing". The "same ol' thing" stands for Republican legislators who think they know what's best for America. The Tea Party has spoken and Democrats and Republicans alike better be listening. No more politics as usual!
Thanks so much for participating!
“Is that his boyfriend?” Another someone asked.
Reference to Ollin Morales post:
journey during which the listener is transported to the most lofty
These are what the base card look like, in case anyone didn't know. If anyone needs any to finish off their set or just want a certain team, let me know. It's alllll for trade.
What does the protagonist want?
2B. Photography, Space, Time, and Punctum – TEL 238
I enjoyed “Unnatural Selection.” The philosophical issues neither bog the story down, not get as emotionally intense as they did with Reese. The episode is mostly an action oriented way to establish the new menace the replicators present. It is highly effective in doing so.
After eating her breakfast, she wiggled and wagged for me to let her go out and play for the day. She loves being outside and has plenty of things to explore in the yard.
I hope you'll check out some of these great resources and find them as useful as I have!
Colds make us miserable grouches, and when you’ve got one, you’re usually desperate for a quick solution. Everyone from your mom to your taxi driver will give you advice on how to beat a cold … perhaps with echinacea.
In an AP interview entitled Harvard Student Tackles Racism At Core, published 3 May 1990, he stated three words he surely has regretted:
Moss Beach unfurled her nature’s bounty like a weaver unlooming her latest tapestry masterpiece. A vibrant explosion for the senses, each moment more perfect that the last. We had stopped at a local spot that was famous in the old days. People were taking brunch inside, but the patio was the place to be. We order drinks from the bar and scouted the best spot to take in the view. Like a million earthbound stars the sun glinted and gleamed off the grey-green ocean, beautiful and violent at once. The sea lions were basking in their briny spa, a rocky sea ledge only just right for their blubbery, dough-boy forms. “This is the way to relax,” they seemed to mock. And so we did from our perfect blanketed bench perched above the glorious splendor, enraptured by the warmth of the fire pit and cocktails and conversation and two hawks courting above the chartreuse tinged cypress. It was like heaving a thousand deep breaths all at once, shrugging off the long winter we’d had and the grief of endings. He regaled me with stories of his travels in his youth and stories of I don’t even know what, one thread embroidering into the next thought, laughing and joking like our hearts weren’t heavy and breaking.
Isn’t the city mixed Sinulog 2010 with politics?
Martha's decided friends are stupid. She never wants another friend. Ever. So when Opal Moonbaby comes along, with her mad silver hair and huge violet eyes, claiming to be an alien, Martha is definitely NOT interested. But Opal isn't the kind of alien who takes no for an answer... Sparkling with originality and charm, this is a heart-warming, hilarious story about friendship.
Thankful for today? The rain.........................it enforced a day of rest (apart from a little linen cupboard packing) which was badly needed. I must remember to take some me time in the weeks to come as by Saturday evening I was slightly frazzled and extremely grumpy!! Luckily lovely hubby prescribed a long bath and a huge bar of chocolate which did the trick!
Late to the party, I know. I'd previously rejected podcasts as being waaaaay too "This American Life."
And now it’s payback time
You can get your kicks on Route 66.
and pray the wounds be shallow.
A brilliant meshing of the amnesia theme so beloved of 40s noir but with a supernatural twist, in many ways this plays as an homage to the work of Cornell Woolrich. Despite a long and ludicrously self-indulgent section in which the protagonist goes around wearing a silly pair of glasses, Alan Parker’s film improves considerably on the original novel which, without cutting back from its pulpy excesses, makes for a truly powerful and frightening missing person case. From ‘Falling Angel’ by William Hjortsberg.
One off the great traditions of this green and pleasant land is Sunday lunch. Fine roast meats with roast potatoes and a range of healthy vegetables, covered in lashings of delicious gravy. However food of this magnificence requires cooking and this is where we discover the purpose of in-laws and parents. Going round the mother in laws for Sunday lunch not only affords one a delicious free meal but also brings meaning and purpose into the old girls life. She may have my character down to a pat, marking me out as a chancer not good enough for her daughter, but at least she cooks a mean roast.
You can't really blame Bobby for wanting to enter the world of China Blue after witnessing what he saw transpire in that hotel room, and that's exactly what he does. Arriving at her door the very next night, Bobby sheepishly gives China a fifty dollar bill (her standard rate for curbside copulation) and the two of them buckle up and prepare to pierce the sexual stratosphere. Pierce the what? Oh, didn't I tell ya? The theme for tonight's mutual debasement involves air hostesses, and you know what that means? Airline-tinged sexual innuendo, and, most importantly, stockings!
Even so, a ragtag cohort of established restaurants and watering holes have persevered. This is especially true in the vicinity of Central Square, the knot in the middle of Cambridge’s bow-tie-shaped footprint. City planners and scions of business have tried to sanitize Central Square, but humble, salty institutions like The Middle East and The Plough and the Stars continue to thrive.
I will not go
A Christmas Story ... TBS ... 6 AM
Originally released in 1980, Stiv Bators' first solo album was re-released in 1993 by Bomp, which added eight extra tracks not available on the original version (all recorded live at the Berkeley Square in May of 1980). Like his other Bomp solo release, the L.A., L.A. compilation, the music is more similar to '60s power pop than the vicious punk rock that Bators was originally known for as a member of the Dead Boys. Although the bonus tracks are comparable in approach to his former band (they even manage to cover a pair of Dead Boys classics -- "Sonic Reducer" and "I Need Lunch"), Bators plays it more pedestrian elsewhere. Surprisingly, he pulls off this different direction convincingly; after all, this music was his favorite when he was growing up. You'll get a pretty good idea of what the rest of the album sounds like by giving a listen to the album's melodic opener, "Evil Boy," followed by the near-ballad "A Million Miles Away" and the full-length version of "The Last Year" (available on L.A., L.A. in an edited single version).
Most every evening I'm in Midland I'll stop over by the Eagle ponds to see if I can reel in a decent juvenile photo. Today I got lucky and managed to lock lens on Raggedy Ann, the roughest looking of the young eagles crowding the air. No rail thin supermodel here, just a rugged killing machine. Even given the advantage of my hilltop observation post these birds seem to materialise out of thin air and often give me a start. A distracted photographer would be easy prey for one of these ten pound missiles zinging in from the stratosphere. Go ahead, laugh at the thought, eagles hunting humans does seem preposterous, but the Polynesians who first inhabited the South Island of New Zealand had just such a horror to contend with. New Zealand was our planets only avian dominated mini-continent, here nature dealt a radical evolutionary wild card: only two types of bats accounted for the isolated islands entire population of mammals; no cats, no rats, no dogs, none of that nasty big brained behavior to compete with. Bird life thus reigned supreme and flourished unhindered. Picture, if you will, tree covered mountain slopes giving way to vast Savannah valleys thickly populated with a variety of flightless birds topping out in shear size with the 400 pound 12 foot tall Moa bird.
The black wolf hauled himself to all fours and stared out at the approaching dog. Nay, not at Storm but at the Were behind him. Finora got the impression of silent communication betwixt them, similar to hers and Bree’s. The shimmering subsided, but Finora knew it lurked beneath the surface, like a cauldron just shy of boiling.
In his home office, surrounded by stacks of unread medical journals and copies of call schedules, I finger the edges of a photo taken on the day of my father's medical school graduation. His school, unlike my sister's, does not have a special robe color for degree candidates, so he stands on the lawn that flanks the university chapel, in black and green like the faculty. He is alone in the picture, hands clasped in front, mortarboard as square to the top of his head as his gaze is to the camera.
It's much easier than I thought not to care and to focus on myself. It certainly simplifies things. There's something to be said for turning inward and finding your salvation there. It's almost like being a monk and rejecting all that's worldly.
Thank you in advance for your time. I will appreciate your purchase ;)
If writing was like cooking, would you be with me in my pathetic, overflowing, meat-floating crockpot? Or would you Boss of the kitchen and dominate? :)
North: “Powers of Air, the Wind that will bring in warmer weather, turning Winter into Spring. / Thank you for joining us in our circle. / Leave if you must, stay if you like / Hail and Farewell!”
This might sound a bit morbid, but one of the biggest things I want to do with The Phoenix Files is tell a story about hardship and suffering. I want to be really honest about the darkness and brokenness of the world. But I don’t want to stop there. I want to suggest that the darkness and the brokenness isn’t all there is, and that maybe there’s a bigger story being told that makes the bad parts worthwhile in the end.
On Tuesday, I’ll write in detail about The Hampton Victory garden, the little place where I gained my garden confidence. On Wednesday, I’ll write about my Lisbon Falls “surprise garden.” Thursdays are “Minimalist” posts (taking a breath to make it through the week) and then on Friday, I’ll cover my Uncle Bob garden. On Saturday, I’ll tell a little story called “Gardening at an Undisclosed Location,” and that should cover it.
Flowers: EK Success (felt), Maya Road (ribbon), & Prima Marketing (paper)
RUSCETTI, Francis, W.; (US).
Scheuer: Well Netanyahu will just tell the president what to do and what not to do. That's what Israeli prime ministers do to US presidents. And what will happen in the congress is the congressmen and women who are owned or at least bribed by AIPAC and other US citizen organizations that support Israel will threaten the FBI with budget cuts or manpower cuts if they don't stop watching the Israelis.
the people in your life while you have them....no matter who that person
About how we treat people,
That's why I am so, so excited to be a part of a new online magazine called Still Standing. Put together by the amazing Franchesca from Small Bird Studio (who has done all my blog designs!), Still Standing is going to be an awesome resource for women who have lost a baby through miscarriage, stillbirth, or infant loss, and/or have struggled with infertility. I am proud to be one of 16 writers who will be contributing to the magazine every month. I am incredibly excited to have a place to share this new stage of my journey--parenting after loss--and hopefully make some new connections and friends along the way.
As you probably know ARISE is the stunning sequel to HEREAFTER.
Tee: I do like bagpipe music, it's just too early in the morning.
as one of its recurring themes. Each hand-made item uses re-claimed fabrics in part of the design. The use of a birdcage in the video is interesting. Birds are the ultimate symbol of freedom, but become poignant metaphors when in captivity - one of the messages also found in Alexander McQueen's SS01 collection. Some concepts are never old.
FAR means floor area ratio; 6 FAR means that a building covering the whole lot could be built six times the lot size, or a building covering half the lot could go up 12 floors. A rezoning from 6 FAR to 10 FAR represents an increase of 4 FAR, or 67%. In Poly’s case, given that several of its buildings are not built to the full floor area ratio, the potential is even greater.
But that is just shitty!
dearest readers, oh how i regret my absence and i do apologize for it.
It would be redundant of me to point out the obvious evil of the “modern” progressive crusade to save the world from itself, when the political correctness plague with which this movement is infected, is currently so pervasive at every level of society. It is an infection of psychological origin, a contagious mental illness, and it is spread by the main stream media through dissemination of certain key phrases that mutate into gross distortions of basic fact each and every time they are repeated. The carriers of this disease are those lonely souls who follow societal trends in order to fit in, and who desire nothing more than to be on the winning team. They make it a point to know all the buzzwords associated with the cause they support, but not the origin of the sound-bytes they parrot. They are quick to criticize opposition to their dogma, and resort to ad hominid attacks when confronted with irrefutable fact. They are unaware of their illness, and perceive anyone that disagrees with their view as uninformed, and generally all the more needful of their “help”.
Someone (that shall remain nameless for now) had put a Roots cowl on her Christmas list this year...made out of 100% acrylic. When you're a knitter, it's very hard to love that stuff. It feels soft at first but does it have any warmth value to it? And how can I send her out in the world with an acrylic cowl when I have beautiful yarns in my stash?
-The Segments: -James Carville: Is there no end to Hader’s deranged observations, real and imagined, about Carville? B+
He grinned at me. "Oh, Anna, does the idea give you gooseflesh all over?... but a photograph does prevent something - somebody - from being laid to rest."I moved a little, and felt the slight, hot roughness where my shoulders were newly brown. I looked down and saw that the image of the dark straps of my top was printed pale by the sun. The Mathematics of Love is all about ghosts, without really being a ghost story. And if I told you what I mean by "not really" it would spoil things, but the more I thought about light and where it falls, the more places I found - such as Anna's sun-tan - where it's part of how we experience time and our selves. I don't believe in ghosts - hence my "not-really". But I think what ghosts embody and express about our sense of the past is endlessly fascinating - and not just the past, but the dead and the still living and the might-have-been. And in that way, a photograph is like a historical novel as much as it's a historical record; it embodies the dead quite literally, in silver halides, in a way which lives absolutely in our moment. As A L Berridge was saying, it therefore embodies the might-have-been, just outside the frame. It's more like holding a letter written by that person, than it's like looking at a portrait painted of them. Writing historical fiction is all about using imagination (rooted in research, of course) to cross over from the present into the past. With a photograph, the past crosses over into our present.
360g Sugar Syrup
Somewhere, between ten years ago and yesterday,
On 11th May 2007 - the day after announcing that he would formally resign from his job of Prime Minister on June 27th - the Mail carried an article about how people age. It had the title Don't worry Tony...None of us is getting younger. These are the pictures that were at the head of the story.
It has been empty and on the market for nearly a year, so that was our first clue that there might be a story behind this house. Failure to sell is usually the result of at least one flaw in the listing: bad location, priced too high, or poor condition. Well, this home has a triple whammy! The location is a beautiful desired neighborhood, but it is on the fringe of the city and a bit of a drive to anywhere. The condition is fair at best, and we know the price is outrageous.
Yes. It has almost always been positive so I must be doing something right. The only criticism I’ve had was from a male manager who said that I should really wear a shirt with my suits otherwise they didn’t count as suits!! The most flattering comment was from a male colleague who told me that I always wore beautiful shoes and that each pair told its own story!
(It's also on Tybee Island.)
faraway
This height was decided upon for two reasons…first, it is now the world’s tallest free-standing tower, and also in Japanese “6-3-4″ can be pronounced as “Mu-sa-shi” which sounds like 「武蔵の国」 (“Musashi“) which is the old name for the area of Tokyo that the towers stands in.
Andrew explained he had just gotten out of a long relationship and wasn't ready to jump into anything, but he really liked Nicole's personal ad.
He was about to rise from his seat and descend into the throng of scum and foulness when he noticed something else, a woman who come unseen from a corner and made her way over to the bar. A buxom lass with the most delicate blond hair, full lips, the drawstring of her blouse tied tight beneath her breasts making them appear even more ample. She had almost an aristocratic air about her that was belied by the way in which she moved. Less grace and more slut. From the distance though she appeared perfectly clean. Lord Fuckington threw back his chair, the clatter it made as it hit the floor attracting the attention of the plebs whose noise decreased exponentially. He strode around the table and approached woman with the certainty of the king himself. She was stood quietly waiting for her order when he tapped on her on the shoulder, not so gently that she might get the wrong idea.
Upset over the “excessive handling charges” at the ICP, the traders today held a meeting under the banner of Confederation of International Chambers of Commerce and Industry (CICCI) and decided to halt the entire bilateral trade between India and Pakistan via Attari-Wagah land route from Friday onwards.
Are they family? I wondered. I had no idea. I hadn’t seen them for well over a decade. They were more air than water or blood.
We now have a Snood Measurement Guide to help assist you with your Dog Snood measuring needs.
I know, I know! More flowers? haha Well, they are popular in the Adkins house. ;-) There happens to be one silly little 2 year old that loves these ones! And I've been getting asked a lot how I make them.
Thus–the kind of framework that this sets up is what I, myself, often try to propagate into our society.
Momcepts is creator of the popular List Caddy ($1.99 at www.momcepts.com), a sturdy list, coupon and pencil holder that snaps onto shopping cart handles and attaches to refrigerators for easy list and coupon management.
It had to be impossible because I hardly ate! Well, what I mean is I could go for 2 or 3 days eating very little so that I could have that BIG MEAL without worrying about gaining. Eventually I would eat very little during the day so that I could have that BIG dinner with my husband. Because I ate so little, I knew I could add on that extra butter in the mashed potatoes, fry the fish in lots of oil and no problem with all that salad dressing, butter in the peas and on fresh crusty bread and of course my icecream for dessert was SUGAR FREE so that meant I could eat some YUMMM chocolate. Potato chips as an evening snack, were ok, cause I knew I would hardly eat "tomorrow". (did I mention the second helpings?)
- making chocolate pudding with the newest member of the family who has taken to cooking
Schedule: Mon-Fri/Nigh time block
The sky is turning golden now.
9. Sparklehorse "Homecoming Queen" 3:36
I wonder when I’ll see you
But I’m putting’em up here because,
To be honest I’m still up in the air about this one. The first one sounds better to me, it has more character. It’s just not the character of the character thinking it. The edited version sounds too bland to me but feels more appropriate. What do you think?
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced that the protestors were creating a public health situation and told of his plans to have it cleaned up. However, during the overnight hours, the protestors worked feverishly to clean up the mess that was created by the crowd and the mayor told the media this morning that he would postpone the scheduled clean up.
-the above category with minimum $1,000 in debt for 1+ years
Jake started to suffocate but he continued to punch the man in his face to make him loosen his grip. But the man didn’t seem to budge, instead he elbowed Jake in his stomach.
Lowlights: A lot was very predictable. It tends to bother me when I can see a storyline coming from the first fifty pages. I want surprises, and shocks (there were some, so I was pleased). There were also some blah, boring moments. Yet, as a whole, I was enjoying this story.
As her mother looked out the window at the snow family, Emily thought she saw a very small smile, but then a few tears also glistened on her cheeks.
3/4 cup caesar salad dressing
Prior to 2011, I would groan about every birthday party invitation the girls received because of the presents I would have to buy. Now, not only is it easier to buy without fearing it will break my budget, I also am much better about only spending what we can afford. Because the girls (and their friends) are older, I'm usually okay with just giving cash. It saves on wrapping, time and effort, and $10 itself may not be very much, but the recipients are thrilled to add it to their stash.
The tomb, the shells, the fish must fade.
So, are you Johnny-on-the-Spot when someone has an injury and take it all in your stride and do what needs to be done? Do you then get all queasy when it comes to re-dressing a wound a day or two later? I feel so stupid when it happens! A nurse friend explained it to me like this... "It's because adrenaline pulls the blood flow away from your stomach and sends it to your brain to keep the major organs running in the heat of the moment! So now that it's all settled there's plenty of blood flowing through your gastric system to make you feel queasy." Well that's great... but I kind of need to not puke on my kid when I'm just trying to clean a little bit of blood off his noggin.
Amitabh, who still manages to enthral the audience with his performances, is open to work with his alleged ex-flame, but what he demands is a good script. “If I get a good story and I like it, then we can certainly work together,” explains Senior Bachchan.
“…it still lacks just as much evidence as creationism.” Over 200,000 peer-reviewed scientific papers talking about the evidence in the areas of genetics, geology, anthropology, and so many other fields of science beg to differ.
Scotty was my absolute best friend in the whole world in our little duplex in SJC off of Calle Villa Clara. Oh man! My first day of school getting on the bus and slipping with my stupid patent leather shoes and splitting my chin open. Scotty was so sad to have to ride the bus all alone while watching his mom carry me back home to take me to the hospital for stitches. Scotty went to the circus with me for my birthday. We rode our bikes all around the neighborhood playing cops & robbers because I had my amazing CHiPs bike. No stupid banana seat girls bike for me!!! And whenever something needed to be fixed on my bike, we could knock on Mr. Blum's door and he would gladly patch a tire or pump up a flat, or fix a chain that had de-railed. And when I felt like being a girl, I played with Cynthia who was very into collecting those plastic horses and held little club meetings in her garage. I also played with my big brother Jeff and his naughty friend Jason Bicknell. We had all the action figures from the Marvel and DC Comics and hot wheels cars. The Trans Am from Smokey & the Bandit being a favorite! We played ding dong ditch, but the neighbors didn't mind (except for one neighbor we all secretly thought was a witch) because they knew it was just us kids having fun. We would stretch out our garden hoses and have hose fights.
WS: I grew up in a working-class Italian neighborhood in New Jersey, in a town which was sort of a vacation spot for New York mobsters, so I was familiar with that world early on, in an oblique way. Years later, I met some of those people – though not on any extended basis – and it always occurred to me they were basically the same as the working-class Italians I’d known growing up, except they’d never actually worked a day in their lives.
So how do these factors fit in with a kid who has Down syndrome? Well, developmental disabilities generally require more of everything – more patience, more consistency, more perseverance, and it’s likely that the child will take longer to get there – to develop the physical and developmental mastery over his or her bodily signals and functions, as well as the willingness – than his or her typical peers. While some children with Down syndrome do successfully potty train as early as age 2 or 3, it’s not uncommon for a child with Down syndrome of 5 or 6 to have not yet mastered it. Knowing this actually gives me a little courage, because I know that if our first attempt fails, or even our second or third or fourth, it’s not really anyone’s failure – not Finn’s and not mine – it’s just the way it is, and he will get there eventually.
Recommended species: whatever your reel is up for! Big panfish and aggressive largemouth for sure.
I have thought about making her stay indoors, but if she wants outside, she sits by the door and meows so frickin loud that no one in the house can sleep, or even hear themselves think for that matter. This cat will never be happy as an indoor cat.
The Book of Drugs, a Memoir is Mike Doughty’s account ($16.00, Da Capo Press, softcover) of a life that could have been wasted in addictions to drugs and alcohol, but which he escaped after several close calls with death convinced him he had to get sober. In a music career that included a 90s rock group, Doughty began to make a name for himself, but his addictions stole the joy from the fame that came his way. When Dave Matthews signed him to his label, ATO Records, he realized he had been given a second change to redeem himself and his music. He has stayed sober for more than eleven years and this story will interest those who following the contemporary music scene and who will enjoy a look behind the spotlights and glamour. There may be no more frightening experience than to be falsely accused of a crime and been found guilty in a court of law. That was the experience of Gloria Killian, a law student who spent 16 years in prison for a murder she did not commit. Her story is told in Full Circle: A True Story of Murder, Lies and Vindication by Gloria and journalist Sandra Kobrin ($24.95, New Horizon Press) and just out this month. After ten years in prison, massive exculpatory evidence, hidden evidence, and prosecutorial misconduct and perjury was found and ultimately led to her release. During her years of incarceration, she became an advocate for others who were unjustly convicted and for the humane treatment of women prisoners. What happened to her could happen to anyone and her book is a riveting story of injustice and redemption.
So, I went to the bank (the day before) for small bills,
(Did I mention my birthday’s coming up?
Discussing the true history of African descendants in America changes the perspective of race and racism in this nation.
But few of the safety provisions have been enforced and, as I testified in Congress in 1999 and again at the Nov. 18 ACCV meeting, there has been a betrayal of the promise that was made to parents about how the compensation program would be implemented. Obtaining compensation has become a highly adversarial, time-consuming, traumatic and expensive process for families of vaccine injured children and far too many vaccine victims have been denied compensation while vaccine makers and doctors have enjoyed liability protection and dozens of doses of nine new vaccines have been added to the childhood vaccine schedule.
May the IKEA force be with you.
care if these minority students fail; liberals aren’t around to witness
As a crafter at heart I decided to share some of my favorite cards on the subject with a few of my own gratitudes. I won't list them all. Actually, it's harder to do than you might think! So I'll follow Sarah Ban Breathnach's suggestion of starting with just five.
Lacking the requisite retainer,
Your no means no.
Because each Cross Bottle is a work of Art, they are meant to be displayed, and should be handled with the utmost care. Please pick the piece up by the bottle, not the neck nor the cross, as solder can crack if not handled properly.
Typically we share these with seniors because they are lighter eaters. It might be 2-3 ounces of a meat main dish and a serving spoon full of veggies and another bit of side-dish. It's not a grand meal, but it's solid and great for people on a fixed income. We get to know people around us who are on a fixed income and find it's a real treat for them to have their lunch brought to them the next day or to have a big hunk sliced off the end of the banana bread or whatever.
For as long as I can remember since I was a wee wonder, a little child
Journey to Cashel
In Britain, the process appears to have been privatised and the kickback to the parties in power is unclear. The Guardian newspaper led its front page on Wednesday with news that a corporate lobbyist, the Chemistry Club, was charging companies up to £1800 (about R22330) to meet ministers at carefully managed networking events.
Sometimes I can just not help but wonder: am I the only one with these crazy life experiences? Take today, I have been the victim of robbery by…a 60-year old guy! Yes, indeed, a 60-year old guy tried to steal my bag and I am still in shock.
The unexpected will always happen. You need to know when your plan isn’t working, or at least KNOW when help is required and/or a change of plans is needed. The most common reason for students needing a change of plan is that they run out of time. The golden rule here is: simplify. Whatever your original plan was, make it easier, focus on the main points – 30 days… simplified action.
Here is a close up of that main panel that was colored and the center embossed in silver. You can also see that I added glitter to the white sections for extra sparkle!
Such is the perfect man.
8:25am – A Mystery Woman materialized from a back room (where she was probably listening to my message and snickering) and the two immediately got busy addressing their first priority of the day: discussing the bracelet and flowers Harried Woman received for Valentine’s Day. At this point, my Amiable Amiable self morphed into Testy Testy, with whom one does not mess around with by wasting her time and of whom Amiable Amiable has no control.
Justin Urich & I decided it was time for some warm water fishing.
Thus, this girl could barely get out of bed and put on jeans and sweater. And this is what you get.
The kind folks at the Wichita Herb Society have been inviting me to come to their annual Herb Day for several years. Each time I already had a speaking commitment for the first weekend in May. Last year they asked me a full year in advance. It has been more than 10 years since I last gave programs in Wichita and back then, the event had been held at Botanica, the city botanical garden.
Ok, it’s true — often, people will do things if they’re not explicitly told not to do them. Which is why your hairdryer warns you not to get it wet (I’m sure someone decided it was a good idea to cuddle with their hairdryer in the bathtub while it was on). Which is why your coffee cups warn you that the contents are hot (I don’t want to know the idiot who complained about that). Which is why Christmas lights say, “For indoor or outdoor use only” (I don’t know what the alternative would be, but I’m sure someone figured one out, and died). Read here for some more.
In ‘salvation historical’ terms, the promise to Abraham has virtually been fulfilled, even down to descendants “as the sand on the seashore” (Gen 22:17).
HOUDINI: Zimbabwean national Bongani Moyo, face covered, arrives in the Pretoria Magistrate's Court in leg irons last October to face, among others, charges of armed robbery. PHOTO: PEGGY NKOMO
Eating raw jelly. Orange squash ice pops.
So, what to do about that?
Jack O'Fire (note the ' is in the right place here, unlike on the cover of this record) were a band I found very easy to love. Sure, they were a covers band, but such fantastic covers! On this, their debut release, we have songs made famous by Howling Wolf, Blind Willie McTell and those well-known blues artists Joy Division. No Love Lost was on 'An Ideal For Living', the first release from Joy Division. Download a superb version of it here.
I found this cheese at a local Loblaws supermarket. I must be a sucker for nice packaging. The little wooden box looked so classy that I figured there must be something very good inside.
Los Angeles Times, 2/13/12
I found this a thoroughly-engaging book, quite a delight to read, in fact, and it doesn’t feel like non-fiction in the slightest because so much of it isn’t.
True, there is poverty in America. True, there are families who cannot even afford education for their children. But you don’t hear about it. It’s not emphasized and bolded like the way it is with China/Korea/Vietnam.
The Bible tells us that God is our Potter and we are the work of His hands, products of His labour. A Potter shapes the clay, fires it and then glazes it in order to design different objects for the desired purpose. A ceramic vase is designed with its unique purpose in mind, to hold flowers.
Golenbock describes Stuckey as a “magician” in both finding a developer (FCR) to build MetroTech, which would help keep Polytechnic University in Brooklyn, and attracting tenants to the complex. Unmentioned: the significant subsidies that accomplished the magic.
Note: You can store the unassembled cookies in the refrigerator for several days in an airtight container. It is best, though, to assemble the cookies the same day as serving in order to keep the cookies crisp.
And there was a maypole, which Virginia Mom cleverly rigged up using a broom handle. I should start calling her MacGyver Mom --
Marrying later in life
Though this is old news, it is just as relevant as ever now that the presidential election is heating up. For those of you who may have not been paying attention, President Obama (you know, that liberal guy who was supposedly opposed to Bush’s tyrannical, unconsti- tutional tactics) signed the NDAA (National Defense Authorization Act) into law on December 31, 2011.
(You can click on the board above to see a larger version :D)
The thorns in your brow,
1) Go to your 'dashboard'
The lawyer for the defense has paid me $15,000 to swing the case his way.
“What are they going to do?” Meekins asked the Tampa Bay Times. “Fly my casket up to Atlantic City?”
I made a batch of lemon curd a couple weeks ago, meaning to spread a layer of it atop the crust and beneath the fruit (i.e., mascerated mangoes and fresh blackberries) in a pastry based on smitten kitchen's simplest apple tart.* In my pastry-assembling excitement I completely forgot to put the lemon curd in, but I melted 2 tablespoons of lemon curd plus 1 tablespoon of butter to brush over the crust & filling instead of just butter, which worked wonderfully. It was so successful, in fact, that I also forgot to take any pictures of it. I fail as a food pr0nographer.
Crisp beef,
wrinkled, cracked, pocked like an old man’s face.
When they head back north in the spring, they drag the jet-stream back up with them and do not let it go. Thus, our blazing hot, OMG I'm just going to spontaneously com-bust temperatures.
Here I am, bags packed and ready to go,
08/16/2010 BUY 0.01 gbpusd 1.5543 8/18/2010 1.5615 +7.20
Well, we are officially completely out of the baby stage. And I have to say it is wonderful! That is not to imply that life is smooth-sailing but so different now that all kids are full-fledged semi-big kids.
Cammi
Ending the tea was marionberry sorbet served in egg cups.
I know running a cord under the rug puts some of you in panic mode. But I was told as long as you use a new cord (which is required to meet strict safety guidelines), and the connecting parts aren't covered, it is safe.You decide what feels right for you. (Although I do recall you plugging 87 strands of lights on your Christmas tree this year!)
I haven't used the spinning wheel in forever, but Mom's been wanting it back. I have like 13 sheeps worth of this blue stuff left though so I'm going to try to get it all spun before this weekend.
He occasionally tries to give the cats a little kick to get out of the way. I guess that he has seen me do it a time or two.
where two cable cars
Tolo (SeaTac, WA) was one of the Northwest Athletic Association of Community College’s most dangerous offensive players, scoring 12 goals for Highline. He participated in the SeaWolves’ preseason tryouts.
How bad are we though? Helen and I were SO busy chatting to people (and eating cakes) that we forgot to take any other photos!!! Oh well, it was a lovely day - 9 people came & lots of babies and LOTS of amazing baked goods. The only person who didn't have a great time was Genna. She was NOT happy about people touching her toys.... and spent most of the afternoon sitting on her sofa, with Amelia nearby, just watching everyone.
Deep breath.
5) Of the top 10 pitchers in number of innings pitched, only one has an ERA higher than 4.00. Unfortunately for me as a Yankees fan, that pitcher is C.C. Sabathia. But the tables turn, because Sabathia has yet to lose a game, which only one guy with more innings pitched can also say. That man, Jared Weaver, has gotten out one more batter than Sabathia through 5 games.
-turn $50 in to a bankroll that i can use to go pro in 2012
Susie Gydik (also spelled Guydik or Guydick) was the daughter of William and Mary Sedor (also spelled Sidor). She was born about 1898 in Starina (near Prislup) and came to the United States with her mother in 1903. She was a close friend of Anna Pereksta's and probably a cousin. Her father is believed to have been Anna's first cousin. She married Frank Gydik.
“Don’t know,” the other boy said from atop the monkey bars.
Do you have a doppelganger?
Okay, my friends, here's my promised second post for today.
Current extra work and auditions in Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, New Jersey, North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Tennessee, New York, and Los Angeles. We post auditions for the disney channel and acting for kids wanting to be an actor.
- somewhere else
8:00 AM Moscow on 21st January 2012
We decided on Pure in Caesar’s and the 8 of us headed over. After checking out the line, we decided to get a table. It is not a cheap outing, but since we never do it we decided to give it a go.
Pump It Up
This weekend I went to my very first tailgate party and college football game. Both took place at the University of Michigan where my son is a freshman.
This is a great astronomical amount of cash while you consider the idea. In case you hadn’t agreed to a rakeback company to be able to take advantage of poker rakeback, it could get gone instead on the poker firm’s conclusion of the year by now balanced profit margins. It is actually a new ‘no — brainer’ for just about any online poker person to experience a rake back bill.
THE King having signified to my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty His Royal Pleasure, that the Uniform Cloathing at present worn by the Flag Officers, Captains ahd Commanders of His Royal Navy, shall be altered in the Manner undermentioned. Their Lordships do hereby give Notice thereof to all Flag Officers, Captains and Commanders, and require and direct them strictly to conform thereto;
I took about 50 zillion photos of the flowers when I got home - so, there's more to come!
Remove the list of actions, because we move them to the menu options horizontally down. Thus we change the default.css to set that the containers fill all the space(in addition to remove the horizontal edge):
With such hell,
We started the meal with two crostini, one of which was goat cheese with treviso marmalade. What is treviso?, you may ask. I wondered the same thing. It wasn’t until I got home and googled the question that I discovered that treviso is actually radicchio, a leafy vegetable of Italian origin. I had never tried vegetable marmalade, but the tart, acidic flavor of the radicchio was subtle when mixed the the syrup and sugar. Before I discovered what treviso was, I guessed that we were eating some type of dried cherry marmalade…Which really isn’t too far-off taste-wise.
Next I made the dressing. This was a simple mix of mayo, vinegar and milk with the BLT mix. I thought I put enough milk in to make it good and runny, but after awhile in the fridge it thickened up a little more and needed more milk. The taste however was great! If you like the BLT dip this is a dressing for you!!
Scene: Kerri's office. She's wearing a black chiffon blouse over a black tank top. The blouse is the kind that ties at the neck, except she's left the thing untied all damn day.
mojitos are my favorite.
The program appealed to us because they weren’t selling some BS, spend-45-minutes-a-week-in-your-basement path to fitness. There was no CGI showing how a $999 machine (12 easy payments!) made your abs red (working HARD!) instead of blue (not working!).
Try to remember though even if you do manage to acquire a lot of knowledge it does not necessarily exclude you from becoming rich. Some poor boat owners have used their boats for creative purposes. For instance some of them have opened businesses which deal with the import and export of commodities. It does, however, seem to substantially reduce your chances of becoming rich.
Oh, how I hated the bus. The THINGS that went on, the THINGS! I (unfortunately) learned on the bus…Then I had a moment of fear as I flashed back to my grade school days on the bus. One hour bus ride. Second from last person off the bus. I STILL have nightmares about school and riding the bus!!! IT CAN BE VERY TRAUMATIC, YO!
Leftover grilled chicken, corn on the cob (last ear from the freezer), strawberries
Lastly, CMHC recommends that in the Spring you start your landscape maintenance, which is certainly important! We all take pride in how our home looks from the street and Westhills is no different. If you’ve moved into your Westhills home within the last year you won’t have to worry about landscaping maintenance in your front yard as Westhills provides one year of free front yard landscaping! Just be sure to get out back and pull your weeds.
There are times at card shows when you need to walk away, to mull things over, maybe coming back to the table later on to haggle.... and there are times to put a death grip on something with one hand while feverishly searching your pockets for cash with the other. This time it was the latter.
Thickers - foam, cream soda & giggles; chipboard, gift box
3. More Lean protein (Chicken!)
As well as most tracks from the award-heavy ‘Lungs’, the audience – dotted with tearful teenage girls – are treated to the UK’s first live play of new song ‘Strangeness And Charm’ and gently shooed away with a belated encore of ‘Kiss With A Fist’. Fans thoroughly spoilt, and in some cases slightly emotional, this is one show that won’t be forgotten in a hurry.
15. The Dalai Lama "Healing Anger"
Para mi primer tour elegí buscar las mas ricas medialunas. Los Argentinos tienen mucho orgullo por esta delicia que consumen a cualquier hora del día.
Catch you all soon and hopefully this bug will be gone then too
From time to time, The Shabby Nest is asked to review products. Product reviews are considered to be separate from sponsorships.
So my dear friend KY arranged for a “yay! you’re engaged” happy hour gathering with the work peeps, the BFE and I on Friday afternoon after work! It was so thoughtful and fun! We had a blast, and KY even provided us with cute little “Congrats!” balloons that she tied to our chairs. We took them home, and it felt like taking a little bit of this thoughtful celebration with us.
On a side note, it has been a long time since I've peed into a multi-person trough style urinal. Fortunately, I was upstream of the other guy.
UPDATE (2): 22nd March 2012. The judgment is now available, see top of this blogpost for link. Treasury Holdings has issued the following statement “We are pleased that the High Court has found that we have raised “substantial” legal issues concerning our treatment by NAMA and has granted our application for leave to seek a Judicial Review.
Sundays in our house is "church day" as my boys refer to it. We opt not to play the loud, obnoxious video games to keep the noise and hyper-activity level down (this is my favorite Sunday tradition), we go to church, we come home and spend time together as a family...Sundays are good days. Sunday is also the magic day of the week I will always need a skirt or dress. We dress up for church. It's funny because I don't think I would have a single need for a pencil skirt if we didn't go to church every Sunday. My day job certainly doesn't require them and I'd look a little corporate at after-school pick-up wearing one, so thank you to Sunday for allowing me a reason to wear pencil skirts (and to buy them)!
First, two obvious questions everyone's gonna ask anyway...What first inspired you to write? And when was that moment when you decide this was something you wanted to pursue?
And, yes, as I type these words, I can’t believe they are coming from me–who would have thunk I’d say I enjoy running for an hour or working on better an 8:51 average pace in a 5K!? This is the same girl who, in grade school, could barely muster a 12 minute mile!
I don't see you.. I don't see you.. I don't see you...
View the video:
Gloria and I arrived very early Saturday morning, as it was still dark, to Morgan Falls Landing, which is right next to Morgan Falls Dam. Ya think?
Joel 2: 23 Be glad, O people of Zion,
For those of you who have never played the game, Hopscotch is played on a flat surface, such as asphalt or a sidewalk. We used to play on my driveway. We had a great double driveway. You have to draw a pattern with a piece of chalk. There are many patterns to draw, and I think the one we used looked a little like this:
1 medium Cauliflower, in small flourettes
If you take a big Zoom is important to you, the Sony DSC-H1 is an excellent choice. You can read my full review of the Sony digital camera DSC-H1.
The Video acceleration settings for the normal requirements will utilize а 3D graphics processor, thiѕ will include a Transform аnd Lighting feature inclusive of а sixty fоur megabytes Video Random Access Memory whісh іs sufficient to transmit high quality graphics. The ultra settings would be twiсе аs much, uѕing a low of one hundred аnd twenty eight megabytes. These thrее dimensional graphics cards act аs а buffer betwеen the RAM and Video RAM to produce well screened images withіn a quick time frame, nоt noticed by the naked eye.
And so to the past being another country:
David Cameron‘s flagship “big society” project is at risk of being derailed by savage cuts to grassroots voluntary groups and a collapse in trust among the very people the government expected to deliver its vision, according to an independent audit of the first two years of the initiative.
*RETURN OF COUNT YORGA – Radio Spot
14. A very obedient child, even if he is asked to sit on someone’s lap, or getting hugged or being lifted up on someone’s shoulder, he does not object. He’s so young that the sunbaes find it hard to see him as a rising artiste who is catching up with them, but he is beginning to present a star’s disposition.
I can’t help
The program is administered by the office of Colorado Attorney General John Suthers, who lauded it as a way for advanced DNA techniques to affirm convictions or clear the innocent.
"Hey, I'll be back. You know I will. I always do." She closed the door behind her and clicked the lock.
Where does this come from? Does it come from an upbringing that was so scarringly abusive that it simply cannot be outrun? Does it come modeling behavior that was seen or experienced? Does it come from laziness or an unwillingness to to seek new ways of dealing with being a parent? Or does it simply come from a hubris that parents always know better, always do better, are always right, and should always be obeyed?
I am working on setting up a way to record Family Feud episodes to dvd, the episodes he doesn't see either early a.m. or later in the evening. No, can't record off his dvd/vhs player as it's in his room & the rest of the archaic systems in the house don't have such players with them.
Coenen UD 30-26 on all judges cards.
No, it’s not me in the shot and for an absolute clarity, I don’t look anything like those charming creatures of nature. (I know, it is sad, that I’m using dialogue on my blog rather than monologue: YES, NO, etc., as if someone would be asking me stuff. But I just like to think that someone else but me is reading this and engaging… NOT!) I’ve just chosen a random picture to help you feel the vibe of the post. Well, not completely random – I’ve chosen a pic of people who, I think, are less likely to read my blog… Or less likely to read. Full stop.
There might be some discrepancy with the spelling of her name, so try Rikki Anderson as well.
I remember once, talking to M online. I asked him if he would ever consider adopting a baby and he immediately said “NO!” I was offended for a second… really offended, and said something about how selfish it was to reject a child who so badly needs love, simply on the basis of genetics but that wasn’t his reason. He said “I be worried that I’d end up with a kid like you”. He meant no offense…I see his point suddenly.
No Tools . . . No Gloves
Right from pressing play it’s like they’re also out to differentiate themselves from furry animals from down under in the intro to the album Tales of Girls, Boys & Marsupials. Thanks lads.
So, what questions have you asked or would you ask any potential agents?
My Saturday and Sunday workouts had additional significance, because my gym membership expired on Sunday. I wrote a few posts last month about my decision to switch gyms, and now that transition is complete (there’s more to this story, and I promise to share it soon!). Buh-bye, Burbank Athletic Club, and thank you for 4 wonderful years, and hello, Crunch! Since Burbank Athletic Club has two locations, I thought I’d spend my final weekend as a member hitting both of them – a little farewell tour.
I spent my 'formative' ad years at an agency that didn't enter them, the CD there at the time was (is) one the smartest dudes in advertising, he thought they were a crock.
It's funny that my name derives from Dionysus, God of revelry and master of rites similar to those of the less philosophically aware and more earthy of the Tantrikas of Hinduism, especially the New Age Western devotees. No wonder the ancient Christians quickly grabbed May Day and made it respectable, regarding it as unsafe to leave in the licentious hands of Wiccans and animists and other Satanic spawn. Sex was replaced by its more slightly more sober form, morris dancing; especially down there in Kent, where we lived
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil or walnut oil
BEST ORIGINAL SCORE FOR A DOCUMENTARY FEATURE
Politicians, for instance, like re-electionist senator Loren Legarda and Francis Escudero, come-backing former senators Ernesto Maceda and Juan Miguel Zubiri and senatorial aspirant Zambales representative Mitos Magsaysay are joining UNA as their political strategy in achieving their vision of becoming senators of the realm in the 2013 elections. They need a party that could assure their victory in the coming 2013 elections, thus, fulfilling their political ambitions. Even billionaire boxer-politician Rep. Manny Pacquiao has sought to be under the umbrella of UNA for political expediency, although everybody knows that his popularity and wealth will surely get him to where he wants to go politically.
“Good job Barry. Keep these clothes at your house. And let’s you and I take a drive up to the canyon Monday morning and bring Ophelia a present,” he said.
Nana has been visiting for the past few days, and she watched Kerri for a few hours so hubby and I could go on an unplanned dinner date. Thank you Nana and hubby! We don't often get alone time (we went on one date last year, and one date in 2007), so this was a very special surprise.
It’s always a shock when someone new comes to visit our apartment. On a good day, when my roommates and I actually clean, it looks rather nice and like any other college apartment. However, that all seems to change when they reach my desk and my side of the bedroom. Anyone who has ever met me immediately knows that I live on that side of the room.
Even after the second announcement made to the students inside, demanding a semblance of decorum, "deaf ears"prevailed. Security stood by watching the students behaving rudely, a raucous example of "Free Speech for ME but Not for THEE"
I think it is mostly self explanatory - the middle flower was made using a Spellbinders die, as was the sentiment label, the tiny daisies were punched out using a darling little punch which I treasure - it was a gift from Canada, the sentiment, seam binding and leaves are from Stampin' Up! and the beautiful paper is Kaisercraft Sweet Nothings.
Please be nice. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without permission is prohibited. Feel free to excerpt and link, just give credit where credit is due and send folks to my website, virginiawillis.com. Thanks so much.
Robinson Crusoe, by Daniel Defoe, published April 25, 1719.
Honor Tracy begins her article by proposing that dress is an expression of the self, and that those who might seem to be dressed inappropriately - an example she gives is "a very fat lady in a scarlet dress" - are in fact expressing the self they imagine or wish themselves to be. She notes that in most of Western Europe, this "romantic urge" in dressing is confined to women, with men content to disappear into the background, preferring conformity to the unconventional. I'll let her take over from here:
We at Stalking the Bookshelves, thought it would be nice to keep our readers in the know by listing some fun book events happening each month in our local areas (Tennessee/Kentucky & Utah). If you live anywhere near by, be sure to go out and support these great authors & events!
I like these verses because they are telling us to pray often, pray for what we want, the Lord provides us and my favorite when we pray to God and start acting acting like He will give us what we ask for, He will give it to us. That’s not to say He will give it to us every time, because than it wouldn’t be act act of faith. What I want to do is not only challenge you to dream big, but to act on it, and than pray about it. Tell God your plans and ask Him to help you with them. Don’t just tell God your dreams and leave it to Him to decide weather or not He will carry them out.
I went to my stash and chose die cuts from K and Co’s “Edamame” collection as my focal. I also had the adhesive scrapbook borders from the same collection.
Templar share the Bonnier stand with, among others, Hot Key, whom I promised to say more about. It was a surprise to find Ruth Logan there as Rights Director - a recent appointment - since she was still listed in that capacity in the catalogue for Bloomsbury! But never mind, so was Sarah Odedina. Hmn, maybe that Bible is not as reliable as I thought.
A few questions arose at this point.
That 400 officers might be charged in this probe sounds like a lot: it's a bit over one percent of the uniformed force. It's far to early to say that this probe will deplete the strength of the department, but worth noting that it comes as the number of police officers in the city is dropping, and the force is being stretched thin.
Shipping containers lost in the ocean are far from uncommon. The greatest contributor to what is known as the Great North Pacific Garbage Patch may very well be Nike shoes, Air Jordans prominently among them, although anything that ships is liable to land in the ocean. The container that spawned this story was one of 12 to go overboard in a storm south of the Aleutian Islands near the International Date Line on Jan. 10, 1992. Legend has turned all the lost bath toys into yellow rubber ducks, but the polyethylene (plastic) creatures were divided equally among yellow ducks, red beavers, blue turtles, and green frogs. Of course, the smirking yellow duck proves to be the most intriguing for Hohn because of its status as a childhood icon thanks to Ernie of Sesame Street fame.
On a final note, no cause justifies terrorism – not poverty, not politics. Some have terrorized because they want some nations off the surface of the earth; some have because they want Sharia imposed on nations; some have terrorized because they want power and freedom.
He said Mdakane was arrested on August 19 on two charges of fraud, after he claimed for kilometres allegedly travelled for private purposes.
A mere 8 days later, it happened. Death, like a thief in the night, had stolen our beautiful baby girl away from us. Our world ended.
"I can think of plenty," snapped Abby. "We don't exactly come from the middle of nowhere."
If you feel you want to look at aspects of your early childhood, I found personal therapy very useful. Finding a skilled therapist is like finding a torch to help illuminate our path. They do not do the work for us. We do our own work. But when we go into our inner basement, it is useful to walk with someone who has done their own inner work and can help shed light on our findings so we may integrate and heal.
About 3/4 cup soft, spreadable goat cheese
What holds the fragmented, inept shambles together is the design and casting — Vadim may have not known what to do with the talents on display, but he attracted enough of them so that some entertainment almost inevitably results. And Fonda’s Alice-in-Wonderland line readings — “A lot of dramatic situations begin with screaming!” — are crucial to preserving the air of innocence that stops the thing getting mired in pervy Euro-misogyny. What Robert “will this do?” Rodriguez’s proposed version would be like is anybody’s guess, although I predict lacklustre CGI banality might form approximately 99.9% of the experience, but it seems at least conceivable that Rose McGowan could contribute some Fonda-esque charm. She’s got something, that girl.
Monday's lesson was lovely. I've started carrying my whip again, which gave us a wonderfully forward trot to the right. I told Christy it was by far the best right trot I'd ever felt on him.
I enjoyed your zine a lot...It'll probably be toward the end of the month before I do, but I'm planning to drop you a check. I look forward to having OPE in my own bathroom.
II.
Furthermore, the illness is predominately
confirmation update #5 : Minnesota (st. paul) southeast to Lacrosse — damaging winds — 210am CDT 4/25/2012:
Yoseikan, Shodokan Aikido, Ki Society and Iwama. Aikikai is a style led by O-sensei’s decendants and remains to be the largest Aikido organization.
Anyway, I went through the entire list of questions and irrational arguments on this new blog, and also had a look at the so-called errors. Bear in mind that “The Rooster” is suggesting that there are numerous errors. He basis this argument on the fact that the 1994 - 2011 list also contains names of victims prior to 1994.
-Don't get mad at me for having an opinion
For added interest, one of the butterflies was stamped in black archival ink onto thin acetate, cut out and the wings shaped, then stuck to the main image with glossy accents.
That’s right, the proportion of Victorians in jail increased substantially in the last decade.
L x
Relaxing in the beech forest, we planned out our next ration period. Instead of carrying nine days of food, we decided to take two days plus a little and head off on a two-day loop. Our new tent groups sorted out all the food we wanted to eat for the next few days while we cooked up some din din.
63. My daughter looking after Cody so well while I coached at the tournament
These four kids decide to play a video game called SBURB. For the game to work, someone has to be the client and someone has to be the server. What ends up happening is that one person ends up controlling the other person, who actually gets transported to another dimension in the game.
what you get. No one wants to know the truth.
To get back on track, finding the ideal Vietnamese sandwich here hadn’t happened yet as of last weekend. Kyle tried one from Bite Mi (by UT campus) and we both tried them at Pho Oanh (one of 3 highly regarded Vienamese restaurants within a few blocks of each other on East Oltorf). Both were good, but not mind-blowing. To be fair, we were spoiled by Allston’s Super 88 banh mis back in Boston, which remain the best either of us has ever had. Perfect chewy bread, char-grilled meat, and some amazing sauce…I’d never know where to begin to replicate it. A creamy Asian-inspired honey mustard is the best way I could describe it. Also super cheap – $3.50 each and plenty filling.
In its review, the New York Morning Telegraph wrote, “Freddy Sagor has written quite a nice little story . . . . ,” while Robert E. Sherwood, writing in Life magazine, called Rolled Stockings “ . . . a surprisingly nice comedy . . . the characters are of importance, and they are nicely represented by the adroit Louise Brooks.”
Minister and epic freeloader Sicelo Shiceka has been named by the ANC as the man who will draft a new Free Stuff Charter to replace the Freedom Charter, citing his willingness to “fight oppression to the death even it means he must eat nothing but lobster thermidor”. Meanwhile, the poor have asked Siceka whether he would like his head-basket lined with velvet or silk when he is finally guillotined.
Samantha: "Screw that. Men are just threatened every time we show we have a voice. Just like the women here in their burqas."
Give your story tellers the money and staff they deserve. They weaved an excellent story through the Journal of Justice; I can only imagine what they could do if you let them continue that, as well as other media.
Acid Test Graduation Jam
But when we discipline in one of the WDIDN (what do I do now?) moments we have to be careful. It is easy to give out punishment that we never intend to follow through on. (you are grounded for a month, you cannot have your phone back for three weeks, etc.) When we don't follow through with punishment, then we lose the ability to discipline our kids. They see us as weak and non-committal, and then when we threaten to do something they think - "yeah, but that won't last so no big deal."
These are the things I’ve tried to self-medicate my way through the bless -
Publisher: Love Inspired
On the other side of the world and on the island of Viti Levu, the largest of the 322 islands in the Fijian archipelago, lies Suva, the faded old colonial capital. Having been the Fijian capital since 1882, Suva, situated on the rainy south of the Island, does not have the glitzy, tourist pleasing, gloss of Nandi or Lautoka, the glamorous resorts in the north which, being situated closer to the international airport end up as the locations of reality TV shows with names like “Love Island”.
It is your job to Trust the Children. Trust that they Love to Learn, and when they have a need and or desire for information, they will get it. Trust that learning isn’t separated into subjects as school would have us believe.
On this night, we find myself, my lovely wife, and our adorable trio of children at a restaurant called San Antonio ready to enjoy a light supper.
Between January and mid-March 2000, Guide and the fish kill were the subject of 230 print stories, in 141 newspapers, in 34 states, reaching millions of Americans and an international audience.
keeping steadfast love for the thousandth generation,
“At least I hope I have,” he says, “otherwise it’s been stolen.”
I just saw a new report about two people spotted, in differing areas of Portland, standing at busy intersections and holding signs. They weren't asking for money, they were asking for jobs. At least one of them was handing out resumes to passing motorists.
6. Well Taken Care Of
I even went on a mummy strike once or twice, but being a neat freak, it didn’t last that long.
We get supplies and prepare for a night of stealth camping. After 10k we find a spot to pull of the road and set up the camp. Who would have dreamed that a lad from just north of Birmingham in the English Midlands would ever camp under a Cork tree in Portugal. But there you are.
These markers are seriously so impressive that coloring something that might have taken hours with colored pencils to get an even color will take seconds.
My flower is all carved and put together. The five parts that make up the flower are carved separately. In the background you can see my leaves. The flower head and the leaves will be attached to a Thorn Apple branch. The wood I am carving is Basswood.
Hotelier Adrian Loveridge said the project did not make sense, given the fact that in the last 15 years 32 hotels had gone out of business and thousands of hotel rooms remained empty every night.
I thought I'd show you a couple of things which my hubby found recently.
- Sean Quinn says he was “in shock” after Anglo appointed receivers and it became clear Anglo didn’t want him near the business. Perhaps not a surprise that he was “in shock” but it does seem surprising, in light of how the receivership was effected, that he might have entertained a notion of Anglo wanting him to consult with the business in receivership.
But talking in Slovene would be just as nice, of course, when you're talking to nice people, such as our hosts.
Rupert Murdoch would have been proud of them – assuming they were not already working for him…
Last week my “lovely” boyfriend took me to a bowling alley to hang with his 2 friends. Who i have become fond of. We played pool, had fun, bowled. But while bowling i have some chick mad-dogging me the who time. I ignored her, thinking she was a high school friend who became sour and ran into me again. WRONG! Cali Girl was pissed cause she couldnt meet me. Apparently my “lovely” boyfriend arranged a meet-up where I would meet his wonderful ex’s and be all bff’s with them. You never put a girl with a short-temper in a room with your current boyfriend’s exs. You are asking for a bloodbath buddy. But that is what he wanted. Did i know any of this? Nope. As oblivious as a fly. No one bothered to tell me about this little meeting. Nope. I was suppose to find out right then and there. I mean his excuse after TELLING me the NEXT day was “You guys were just suppose to meet. Nothing more. I wasnt sending you to get your face punched in.” (i told him that when the argument came up)
but for the wide world's joy" - henry ward beecher
While I love the look of well coiffed hair, I am super lazy when it comes to mine. I suck at styling and rarely even blow dry it, so a lot of products just aren't right for me. They need to make more products that preform for us ladies that don't live by our blow driers. I like this spray because it was a multi-tasker and conditioned and detangled. I got it in a mixed bag of products so I don't even know how much it costs or where to get it, but I can (and will) live without.
It is made with DCWV's new Lemon Flower stack, and Court's favorite color is olive green!
For the past decade or more some people have been spending themselves into oblivion and where did that get us? The economy still tanked.
Nursing & Residential Care Facilities
Love says, ‘I sacrifice myself for the good of the other person.’ Abortion says, ‘I sacrifice the other person for the good of myself.’
Others auctioned off included:
Yeah, incredibly hypnotic trance inducing tribal house music. Big bouncy beats that'll get you locked in, drums to get your blood pumping, and spacey synths and strange sounds and samples to make you gaze in awe. All of it looped to no end and played with indulgently. It won't let me sit still, I don't want to sit still, this is great. I don't care if it's super repetitive, I have no idea how much time is going by when it's on. - Matthew Foster
And after having a beautiful Christmas break with very few rainy days,
*note* If it is you that gets hurt, you rest as much as you need. 1 week rest for a stubbed toe? Sounds good to me.
He wants to know why each team deserves a title match.
Water World was created over a year ago and it seems fitting and accidental that the video Water world was completed on this Day. It features images and interpretations of life on Earth in water to the cosmos. There are images of The Saturn’s largest moon Titan and it’s lakes. Including in this video is The Waterfall Nebula and Water World Planet GJ1214b. We exists in a water world and water is everywhere. In every galaxy and dimensions. Imagine flying or swimming from one planet or dimension to another. That is off the planet. Peace to Earth and the rest of the universe.
There are SO many more I cannot wait to read! So many book, so little time... Leave a comment to your post if you have joined in too.
Luna was born on August 18th at 3:38 pm. Her birth was undoubtedly one of the most amazing experiences of my 21 years. It has taken me awhile to put this together partly because I don't want to leave out on a single detail of the experience but also because it was such an emotional time that it is really hard to think/talk about without feeling weepy. Thank you all for the support and warmth you gave during my last few weeks, it will always be something I hold dear.
1/2 tsp vanilla extract.
Requiem: Poems of the Terezin Ghetto by Paul B. Janeczko (ARC)
On top of all that, he also managed to release a solo EP, Back to the L.A.B. in 2010, six hard classic-sounding tracks from the Blastmaster. Fittingly, “L.A.B.” stands for Lyrical Ass Beating, and Kris delivers yet again. This one is definitely a standout among this recent run.
New general secretary of the union Michelle Stanistreet addressed a gathering of residents from Barnet, Enfield, Haringey and parts of south Hertfordshire about the problems within the industry which has led to a reduction in local journalists and regional coverage.
and so I apologize for my disappearance off the inter-web-verse for the last while. it won't be ending anytime soon, either. I'll gain motivation someday soon to buy the very expensive parts necessary to fix our computer, but for now I'm content doing everything from my beloved iPhone.
The echoes of Beckett are strong. Raoul himself is like one of Beckett's tramps, his doppelganger is very like the doubles in Beckett's Ohio Impromptu, and at one point he even hides in a dustbin, appearing from underneath the lid like Nagg from Endgame. Contingency is all, and nothing in this desolately beautiful world is what it seems. And it's a total crowd-pleaser: the afternoon I saw it, a delirium of delighted gurgles from a small child in the stalls rose above the rest of the audience, sparking more laughter. It's that kind of show.
It's quite addicting and can easily keep you glued to the screen for 60+ hours. With the 4 DLC packs, it easily adds another 20-30 hours+... plus there's higher difficulty settings you can replay (Nightmare)
Shot Down – Sonics
Yeah, be invisible.
And tears are a language that my God He understands.
The common question posed to the rural Malays by Perkasa and UMNO members is, “If UMNO is not around who will protect the Malay rulers?” This is a political ruse to mislead the poor rural Malays for votes in elections. “UMNO is only making use of the royalty issue to gain back support from the Malays,” quipped a former member of Puteri UMNO in Selangor.
As loud and as long as I can!
Leviticus 26:40, 42– ‘But if they confess their iniquity and the iniquity of their fathers, with their unfaithfulness in which they were unfaithful to Me, and that they also have walked contrary to Me, . . . then I will remember My covenant with Jacob, and My covenant with Isaac and My covenant with Abraham I will remember; I will remember the land
PLUME: A beautiful image of a winged man and his adventure losing his wings but finding a new self.
Here’s my entry for the Don Giannetti’s Project52 assignment this week. The assignment was a macro shot, “Up close and personal”. This is something I think I’m pretty good at, but I mostly do flower macro shots.
Here I leave with a question: what have been your writing hand struggles, as a left handed, right handed, or ambidextrous person? I want to know what others have endured.
My last question was about clarity in beer. Garrett was of the view that it was horses for courses. Some beers are better pin bright and that overall there was some doubt as to which route was best. He was a little scathing about some American attempts at cask beer and thought that cloudiness or haziness in a beer was a difficult one to get right, as it goes much wider than flavour itself - and that is difficult enough. One other question, put by another guest was around how many hops is too much. Garrett used the analogy of a chef that over salts his food to the point of inedibleness and then when confronted, shakes his head sadly and says to the diner "You just don't get salt do you?" Much laughter to that one.
"Is that really your sister Kelly?"
A Threat to Wild Fish
All the men deny conspiracy to engage in sexual activity with children under the age of 16.
Wallace Beery benefited from it. Paul Newman and Robert DeNiro got props for it. Sylvester Stallone owes his career to it.
But if people cared about statistics then no one would root for the underdog. David wouldn’t have slain Goliath. Puebla wouldn’t have fought the French and we in the U.S. would’ve come up with another tequila-drinking “holiday” to celebrate.
There must have been one, some time, some warning, some leading; something. There was the time in the time I asked the sky but perhaps my own body covered in blood dying couldn’t be worthy to be seen or tolerated. There was the ominous voice but most certainly not divine. There was assuredly the moment when my mother had driven away in the night. I was only a small child and crying I had no idea what to do in the dark duplex building on Insley. Wailing something told me it would be alright. I would be safe; such peace that I stopped crying to move into the darkness unafraid wondering how to pass the minutes.
"Never mind the example," I cut in. "I'll probably understand better without it. And now, if I may speak figuratively, how long in this experiment of yours before we get though the topsoil and strike bed rock?"
So it's been awhile since I've posted on this space...
Aside from tidying up, there’s one day with major cleaning of the floors, another day with major cleaning of the kitchen, and another with major cleaning of the bathroom. There’s also laundry day. So this all seems to even out to 5 days of shit to do every morning. Truthfully it doesn’t take too long. Maybe an hour and a half. So I’m done by 9:30.
The next two obstacles were Ball Shrinker and Twinkle Toes. They were very similar. One was a rope balance through a body of water and the other was a beam balance 12 ft above water. There were also intermittent lakes we had to swim through that were filled with green moss and seaweed. It was wonderful. Twinkle Toes was also the obstacle that had the injured person in-between me and my team mates.
Wait until she asks about something, advised the therapist. Only then, because you'll know that your mother really wants to know.
After various abusive emails all answered with the same reply of "ring us", I was speaking to the nice lady from Orange India this morning, her name was Alibakajidoofayeudahafajiooo - she told me they would get a line test underway and try to use the phone as little as possible for the next 4 hours...I rang back after work to find Geordie Andrew on the end of the phone "Howay man ye slowin' wi doon like!" who advised me that they wouldn't do anything until I conducted at least 3 BT speed checks. So, fuckatrust from this morning was bullshitting me.
I definitely recommend Kite Runner to everyone! It was a great read, super intense, but well worth it.
CD 2: Music For Congregation
INT. NEW YORK CITY APARTMENT-NIGHT
*Hotel manager (female, same one, no employees were replaced by new owners) is out of town this week. Before leaving she asked a desk clerk to make sure everyone made their own copies of these forms and returned them.
We will be celebrating Easter in Chicago this year, with family. I am super excited about the trip and meeting all of them. My oven has been busy baking a lot this week, most of which is for the family in Chicago and some for the road as we are driving down. It's been a while since we did a road trip and I'm always hungry once the tires start to roll :-)
If you can't access the comment box as you need to have an account and would not like to open an account but still enter ~ please send me an email to pelimadesigns@hotmail.com and I'll add you in :D
I will always be a grateful, respectful and humble Chanyeol and I hope everyone would feel really blessed to see it!
adorned with an arbitrary z, the next
Adele Irwin: “I found the relationship between Tony Stark and Bruce Banner to be the most intriguing. Each as individuals are likable characters with level headedness, senses of humor, and scientific intellect. Their friendship within the Avengers is appealing because they bond before the entire group comes together. Rarely have alliances between Superheroes been seen up to this point in our reading, making the collaboration between these two characters within the Avengers group entertaining and original to me, taking the superhero trope of selflessness to an entire new level.”
The National Day of Prayer is Significant
Other than plants, I can’t think of another living thing in this universe that is so loathsome, so inept, so unintelligent that it cannot be held responsible for its behavior. According to misguided white altruists, however, blacks are nothing less than close descendants of some sort of bipedal plant now extinct or, perhaps, hiding in the jungle somewhere using a false identity. What ever the case, those of us who see into and through the crippling errors of liberal altruism have a much higher opinion of the ability of blacks to manage their lives quite well – When they’re held responsible for their behavior.
E beneïst Karlun e France dulce,
I stayed in Cub Scouts for only two years as a Wolf and a Bear. Of course, during those two years my father chose to be the Scoutmaster. While others might relish this, I knew that it would just lead to me being ridiculed at school, which it did. Some of my bullies were also in the Cub Scout group, including Mitchell, who plays the biggest part in this story about the Big Nose and the Black Eye.
Amy's life is not working out the way she always dreamed it would. She's about to turn the dreaded three-o, her career is going nowhere fast and her love is not exactly flourishing. To make matters worse, while things are falling apart for Amy, they seem to be coming together for everyone else in her life...
Yes, the weather's still gloomy!
d) Cleopatra's niece
Lee-Anne is a girl with a big style and an even bigger heart! We met Lee in University and have known her for about 10 years now. And let us be 100% honest here…she has never stopped being stylish! A true coquette, she always pays attention to the details, from her hair to accessories – everything seems to just effortlessly fit together with a sort of whimsical femininity! Well actually… part of the reason why her hair always looks so fab is that Lee works part-time at a hair salon, which is where she gets her weekly dose of style!
She didn’t look overly comfortable, I remember thinking. Maybe she just doesn’t like strangers, and here is one in her room, in her space, and shouting at her. I can understand that. So I cut straight to the chase.
It's one am (but my computer only crashed twice during this post!) but I have to share that as I caught the E train home I opened my much-loved New York Magazine and found a whole section on Tortilleria in the magazine's annual cheap eats review. Living proof that love grows on love.
By stressing Solomon’s wisdom, the opening chapters of 1 Kings hint at an age to come where the great challenges of human existence will be addressed more effectively than hitherto. And this includes, though it is by no means confined to, issues of justice where we will move from a mechanistic law-based moral economy to a fluid wisdom-based approach.
As I let the words of the song wash over me that morning, I realized for the first time in a long time how unhappy I was.
Heimatfilm, novel by Ludwig Ganghofer
Brittni and I were in constant awe of how developed SA was. Rebecca kept warning us that where she lived, in the village it was not nearly as developed. A big problem for Peace Corps Volunteers is that they live in small villages and make a village salary, yet only a few hours away is the big city, with everything modern. One really can't afford McDonalds or KFC on a PC salary!
That arrangement lasted about 2 nights. As a brand new mommy with plenty of fears, I found myself lying awake all night long, listening to her heavy newborn breathing and jumping up to check on her with every squirm in her blankets. I think it was the third night home when we moved her into the crib in her little purple nursery, and she's slept in that same spot ever since.
So I just kept pouring water over my head and slowly pedalling on. Soon I needed to refill the bottles and luckily I saw this large nursery kind of place with women with their heads covered by hats and cloths over their napes watering saplings in pots. As I stopped and walked the cycle to the gate they looked extremely wary and this young guy shouted back a no almost before I could finish my neer sikta? Can I get some water? But then they registered what I was saying and said yes. I passed by this little shed that had a few bottles kept under coconut fronds, but I obviously didn’t want to eat into their cache. The young guy unscrewed the shower head off his hose and I filled out my bottles. Kudiyuve neeru? Drinking water? I asked half-heartedly and believed him when he said yes. Then I quickly left as they looked skeptical still. By now I’d had a lot of water and my stomach felt full, but I needed to eat something so I asked someone where I could get something to eat and found a little chai place again. This was tiny, a little hole in the wall. The fellow seemed sly from the outset. Told me he could make food, dosas, when all he had were omlettes. And not even bread, just omlettes. One double omlettes for 8 he said and then charged me 18 for two of them. Some people are kind in whatever capacity they can be, and some are just cunning, as mean as they can possibly be.
Either way, I thought it would be fun to show you a few of the images that we have so far (Heather is editing herself silly trying to get me the rest) and perhaps hit you with a bit of raspberry hued inspiration! The story is of a random tea party in the woods. Except that last minute changes meant that it was in a park. And there was no tea. And there was a major thunderstorm. But that's OK, there was raspberry white chocolate mousse cake... and pearls!
Imagine you walked into a shop with a vague intention of buying a vacuum cleaner. You want one that's mid-price and durable. One that will do the job, last for a few years and not break the bank.
John Sadleir - an Irish lawyer, which should satisfy at least two food groups, stole from tens of thousands of people and then, unlike Bernie, ended his life.
I’ve been thinking about what writing really is. Or at least I’ve been thinking about what I think writing is.
The loaded offering also includes a 30-minute DVD preview with live performances as well as behind-the-scenes footage of the band's inner circle. CHIODOS will release their first-ever full length DVD offering in 2009 that Doug Spangenberg (Lamb of God "Killadelphia" & "Walk With Me In Hell," Every Time I Die "Shit Happens") is on board to direct.
Here are some interesting facts for the anti-Israel lobby to ponder….and then ignore, screaming about something else once this post is published:
Eagle Forum of Wisconsin/Washington County has published a school district questionnaire that was filled out by the current West Bend School District school board candidates:
Who is this guy, Mr. Efraim Diveroli?
Washington Capitals @ Boston Bruins, 2 pm NBC/Series Tied 2-2
Should mentoring schemes (or work experience) be a compulsory part of a legal education? And where should the responsibility for this requirement lie – the firms, the university or the individual?
This is a picture of the Mama fox not 20 feet from
Bake at 170°C until golden and cooked through - about 20 to 30 mintues. If the top appears to be browning too quickly, cover with baking paper & foil and lower the temperature to 160°C.
They asked for references. It's been years since I've had to assemble a list of references. It was pretty easy, but I had to then tell my boss that 1) I interviewed and 2) they'd like references. Which is kind of terrifying. You see, I like my boss. He's a good guy. I didn't want to tell him that I was considering leaving, but I had to. I checked in with a couple of my co-workers to see how they handle this sort of thing, and their advice was good. I felt better for getting it off my chest. Secrets like that are hard for me.
C ontinue in thanksgiving
My only plans involve short, slow runs and adding to my playlist in the hopes of really moving.it.along.
Bake rolls at 350 degrees about 20 minutes or until golden. Meanwhile combine all the icing ingredients and beat until smooth. Remove finished rolls from oven. Drizzle with the icing.
Serving as an editor helped me prepare for my journey as a debut novelist. Primarily, I have a much greater appreciation for my editors than I might have had without that experience. I understand their challenge to make a work the best it can be, and I know not to take their criticisms personally. I also respect their time and feel extreme gratitude for all they contribute to the process.
Here are a few tweets on Swati Singh Malik’s wall on the ‘objectional CD’ of Singhvi.
*LOVED to be rocked to sleep, to the point that if you woke up in the middle of the night (rare, but still happened sometimes) I'd have to rock and rock you back to sleep. I worried that I was creating a really bad habit, so one day I put you down and let you cry at nap time. AHHHH...you cried for a long time but eventually went asleep. It's been great ever since. GO MASON!!
2 white sweet potato, medium size and cut into 3 inch pieces
Coconut Cake with Snowflake Frosting
We had a stark reminder recently that unschooling alone is no guarantee of safety: a teen member of the unschooling community committed suicide. The news has left his friends reeling (What could they have done differently? Why didn't he know he could talk to them?) and us parents taking a hard look at how we support our kids.
We all tend to believe that we have some “special” or divine purpose attached to our individual existences on this three-dimensional, Earthly plane. Most of us want to figure out what that purpose is, but the real question is: Has it already been presented before our eyes? Have we seen it- or overlooked it? For myself, my Earthly purpose has been known all of my life. My purpose is to write. Yet, I have only begun to discover and understand my Divine Purpose, and the more that I embrace it, the more that everything becomes clear and I understand my true place in the world, and The Cosmos.
There was a fine mist. At the top of the hills this turned into a drizzle. It was chilly. The wind was against me. It wasn’t a pleasant day for cycling. Strangely, I wouldn’t have had it any other way. It seems proper that a trip of this magnitude, with the bad weather I’ve had, should have one final challenge to overcome on the last ride. The weather wasn’t wretched as it was a couple days ago between Deer Lake and Grand Falls-Windsor (I had constant heavy rain that day). It was manageable, but unpleasant enough to make the final haul epic, and the fog added a scenic eerie touch.
Due to its farmland location, the course stuck to footpaths and rights of way, unlike a full mountain marathon which takes competitors off piste.
It’s one from my father-in-law: “Eat to live not live to eat.”
I want to change those things about myself.
“Not if I bite you first.”
If Google China censorship in China is done to appease the Chinese government, who or what is Google, Inc (the Internet Mafia) appeasing by filtering, blocking and burying certain information posted on Fire-Earth (this Blog)?
This is way I love him because this is the way he loves me.
The verdict is – it’s a good story. Great. Awesome. Wonderful. Now – back to work!
Finally, Ryo Miyaichi is set to play pre-season with Arsenal after a successive loan spell at that club that was gangbanged by 10 goals in the hands of PSV. The Jap was voted as the 5th best EreDivisie signing, even though he came in January. That shows you the impact he made in Holland.
Yay me!
“The City of Atlanta is committed to investing in clean and renewable energy,” said Mayor Kasim Reed. “By focusing on sustainability, we will improve the quality of life for Atlanta residents by enhancing the environment now and for years to come.”
When I was there in January, I had an amazing bonbon at Michel Cluizel that I haven't been able to get out of my mind. So I did a little recon at the Manhattan outpost and discovered it was a macarolat — a chocolate replica of a macaroon.
Just by looking at these shots, i suddenly felt stronger, happier and less broken.
Jess smiled. “And do you want the good news?”
I like to group the kids clothes and mine for that matter. I just find it easier if I am looking for a long sleeved top that they are all together...and I like to group colours together as well. I made more room on the hanging rail by moving his snow gear into a tub and also the purging of clothes as well.
He added that power has also been found to make people smarter because dopamine improves the functioning of the brain’s frontal lobes.
4 out of 23? Not too shabby I think!
Since I was feeling so good today I decided to do an upper body weight workout. Today I did this workout. I also completed 2 miles on the elliptical (a little less than 20 minutes) since I didn’t have much more time. It is supposed to be GORGEOUS here this afternoon so I am hoping to squeeze in a dog walk too.
The article should be preceded by a 200-word abstract, and should be divided into relevant subtitled sections. A reference list can be included at the end of the article; if so, this and the accompanying in-text citation style should correspond with the preferred version outlined below.
Curb appeal is essential in attracting a potential buyer as the outside of a home reflects what is on the inside. We teach our children to “never to judge a book by its cover” but in real estate, this occurs all the time. A poor outside appearance sends a negative message about the interior condition. Also, if a house isn’t appealing on the outside, a buyer may just drive by. We need to draw a buyer in and entice them to see the beauty on the inside.
Let's hear about Affiliated Agent J's first mission!
all right, all right
Budding designer Lola Nolan doesn’t believe in fashion... she believes in costume. The more expressive the outfit -- more sparkly, more fun, more wild -- the better. But even though Lola’s style is outrageous, she’s a devoted daughter and friend with some big plans for the future. And everything is pretty perfect (right down to her hot rocker boyfriend) until the dreaded Bell twins, Calliope and Cricket, return to the neighborhood. Unlike Anna and the French Kiss, which I technically lied about devouring since in between putting down the audio book and picking up a hard copy there were several months where it lay dejected on my, albeit crowded, bookshelf, I really did devour Perkins second novel, Lola and the Boy Next Door in less than twenty four hours.
A couple of days after posting my "Nine Movies I (Still) Want On DVD" article here, I decided to look around online for a cheap VHS copy of one of those titles, the 1990 sci-fi actioner, Peacemaker (not to be confused with the 1997 George Clooney flick), starring Robert Forster (Jackie Brown). Sure enough, I found one for around $5 (including shipping), so I ordered it. Well, it showed up on Monday, and Wednesday afternoon I transferred it to DVD-R. I just finished watching it.
I've had my eye on this mirror for a while... It doesn't look like it, but it is almost 6.5 fit tall! I love mirrors... I sound pretty vain when I say that, but I just love how they can make your space look so much bigger.
“Yeah, I guess I am.”
Setting the bar for the academic part of an education is important, but we must remember that we need to set the bar in the appropriate ways for each child. Growing up, I knew that both of my parents had gone to college. My mom shared with me their struggles and challenges, as well as their successes, but always showed me how important that part of her education and her life was in helping her become the person I knew. It was always assumed that I would go to college. The question was not if I would go, but simply, where I would go. My mom made sure that I knew she believed in me. She helped me learn the skills (writing papers, taking responsibility for my school work, taking pride in my education) that would help me be successful.
(Suddenly, from the very end of the bar, a new voice enters the conversation. A young woman has her mobile firmly in hand...)
The surgery room. It feels about 0 degrees in here and I am naked and on the verge of a panic attack as they strap me to the table. My French is gone, looooong gone. While a dozen people hover around me speaking in tongues as far as I am concerned, I focus myself on not barfing in my own mouth or screaming...small victories with every passing moment. WHERE IS FB??? And why is this male nurse talking to me when I clearly have no idea what he is saying??? I make a mental note that I really DO NOT EVER want to be abducted by aliens because this is what it must feel like and frankly, I can't think of another situation that blows more, not even my 8th grade prom. FB arrives as they put up the paper curtain that hangs in my face so I can't see what they are about to do to me. He tries to make me feel better by telling me we are about to meet our son but I can't get my mind out of alien abductions. As the doctor feels around my abdomen, I realize...I CAN FEEL HIS HANDS. In my panic, I feebly say....help, I can feel that but hardly any sound comes out. He is feeling around more and it suddenly dawns on me.....I just walked off the anesthesia. When in a full panic, I have no doubt I could walk off horse tranquilizers and before I can say any more, I feel a sharp, searing pain in my belly that sends me jerking from the table as my voice regains itself in full force..."I CAN FUCKING FEEEEEEL THAT!!!!!!!OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!" and I let the full panic in. Suddenly, there is a mask on my face and I am being told to breathe deeply. I stare in horror into FB's eyes and breathe in and out and in and out.......alien abduction, alien abduction.....
The long answer: I have a lot of problems with the way schools are right now, but that is not why my husband and I are choosing not to send our kids. We just don't think it's necessary for us right now, and that is the only reason we need. We have been happy and learning together for more than four years, and it has been wonderful. We don't see any reason to stop living that way. And the kids don't either for now.
What did you utilize for a support system?
“She just keeps getting better and better, this Jessica Sanchez. Stuttering floored me! Mexican? Filipino? American? She is above all that. She is JessicaSanchez, 16!!! Tayong lahat ang panalo,” the Maestro tweeted.
Okay... did any of that make sense?
and excuse me for being dramatic, but a life would be saved.
I had to flee, even knowing that Nanny would chastise me if they brought me back. Better the whipping, than the ordeal of Mother’s false concern. I cringe at the memory of her silky fingers, lifting my chin to examine my crooked face; of cold tears rolling on her rosy cheeks – perfect crystals on exquisite porcelain; of her disgusting pity, suffocating, menacing.
Here are the core concepts which could be covered. This set up gives 2 class sessions to cover each core concept (or chapter) if you will. Ideally, I would like to focus as many as 3 on creativity–and perhaps allow other classes to cover the neuro-biology issue.
No sooner had I stepped out onto Merrion Square than I found myself being recorded by some Brazilians who were giggling disbelievingly at my get up; bearing in mind that their country is currently in the midst of carnival that’s quite an achievement. One of their teachers is 29-year-old Crumlin native John Monohan. He believes those sporting jim-jams in the daytime are maybe sending a message to the rest of society – a message that quite possibly begins with F and ends with youz.
Mephedrone, which was recently a legal-high in the UK before it was re-categorized as a Class B controlled drug this year. Alcohol is over five-times as harmful as mephedrone.
They had some background music, I got myself some weird sounding drink made from some exotic liquor and some exotic juice. I just told the tender to make me something sweet, I was new. He did. It also was kind of strong, so I didn't drink anything else. Not ordering from that tender again, if I go back.
Interviewee number two
Well, it's been 5 weeks now since we started the South Beach Diet and exercising. I am down 31 pounds and Anthony is down 36! It has been way easier to lose weight with him than it ever was all the times I tried by myself! We have both moved down a size in clothes as well! So.....what are we doing? Well, here's what we eat and have been for five weeks:
“We measured significant, although most likely non-harmful levels of radioactive iodine in tissue of the giant kelp Macrocystis pyrifera,” said Steven L. Manley, author of the study with Christopher G. Lowe
Included is USB cable charger that uses a standard micro USB (along with an AC charger). Battery life for talk time is excellent.
The daily routine started at six with the emptying of toilet chambers, during which prisoners would run down to a big pit under whipping from "commanders" (security guards).
Add malt powder, vanilla extract, milk, and 4 cups of sugar. Beat on low speed for 1 minute.
Maisa: We understand.
And these bloggers have taught me much and they are the ones I am nominating for the ABC Award:
Only once the accident had happened do we realise what happened and what the dangers and consequences of the accident are. Only once the dust had settled do we realise how many people were in the car, that there is a baby in the back-seat, the fuel tank is leaking and the car may burst into flames. Only then can we assess the damage. Only then do we realise some are seriously injured and some are fine.
This Week our Challenge is being sponsored by a Fabulous Stamp Company with the most adorable stamps ever WHIFF OF JOY. The winner will get a stamp of their choice.
25 The Hitch Hiker’s Guide to the Galaxy – Douglas Adams*
Long Walks
(B) research into the causes and effects of racial and religious prejudice and disharmony
My husband is a master-of-all-trades and creative in his own right. Often I joke that we’re both crafty, it’s just that his tools are way more expensive than mine. I’ll be forever grateful that I ended up with a guy who can build and fix anything (and do it the right way.) If I had married a tech guy, I might be divorced by now. Then again, maybe not now that I’m blogging…seriously, why do I feel like I need to learn Mandarin Chinese in order to turn a Word doc into a jpeg? Wait. Maybe it’s just me.
There is a fundamental challenge posed by the now endemic infestation of behaviour change orthodoxy across the public sector. There is a battle which needs to be fought between anarchists, libertarians, those who just want the council to collect the rubbish and clean the streets and them who want to use the massive public sector and huge foundation funding to guide society in a direction decided on long ago.
Same thing with anything.
He gets that things work better when we both share the chores - he always helps me clean up or cook or take out the trash - I never have to ask him, he's always the one asking me what he can do to help.
“It’s not the shortest way.”
Although the Duke had hoped to retire in England, his brother, George VI threatened to cut off his allowance if he set foot in England without an invitation. The King was still steamed that Edward hadn't revealed the extent of his finanical worth when they informally agreed on the amount of sinecure the King would pay him. He was allowed to return for the funeral of George VI in 1952 and again for his mother, Queen Mary in 1953. Wallis didn’t accompany him to either funeral but she was allowed to return for Edward’s funeral in 1972. She outlived him by thirteen years, living alone in their Paris home under the watchful eye of Maitre Suzanne Blum, their lawyer until her death at age 90 in 1986 when she was buried beside her Duke at Windsor. Their home was bought by Mohammed Al-Fayed, who owns Harrods in London who started calling it Villa Windsor. In fact, Dodi brought Diana to the house just before she died. Diana apparently wasn't impressed, she told a journalist that she felt the building was "full of old ghosts" and "more like a museum." In 1998, Fayed put the entire contents of their mansion on the block raising $14 million dollars for charity.
What one usually gets, to extend the above parallel somewhat, is not meditations on "the word"-- the immense and imponderable potential principle that theoretically unites all manifestations of literature-- but on "the act," or rather the "acts" of individual genre-boundaries; the things that distinguish one hypothetical genre from another. "Genre" is, as I also noted in the above essay, much "more limited" than the Fryean mythos. To think upon genre is to meditate on limitations, on the fences that keep one genre apart from another, as will be the case with the online essay I'll be critiquing here.
Second, the DM must do a LOT of work to make this module playable. For example, there are a number of Living Quarters for the Brothers. But listen to this description of potential treasure: "Although sparsely furnished, each wooden item is made from the finest mahogany, the sleeping mattresses are of down feathers, the rugs of the finest furs, and all the smaller items are without question made of durable and exquisite semi-precious metal." So that means you as the DM need to go through and assign value to these items, particularly the rare furs and the small, semi-precious items. And believe me - there are LOTS of rooms like this.
After being somewhat bamboozled by the amount of people telling me how important “social media” and “platform building” is to the budding author, it was a cool breath of air to read a post recently (cant put the link here via the phone, sorry) from a guy who had said “no” to the social media stampede. He felt comfortable with the aspects of it he was using and that was enough.
With the weather getting somewhat chilly over the weekend ( well, it snowed...) , we took into a late and relaxing morning. Since those don't happen very often, I took full advantage of it and made sure to enjoy to the fullest.
It was during one of these raids that he was blown up - after a US forces mortar team dropped rounds among their own troops as an attack commenced.
Romney Reaffirms Opposition to Marriage, or Similar, for Gay Couples: The question of precisely what legal status and protections should be granted to gay couples is emerging as an issue of the sharpest possible contrast between the two presidential candidates…. – NYT, 5-9-12
I think about this everyday. What must be going through his head. Is he going to like us? Is he going to be afraid? Is he going to change his mind? Will he want to call me mom? Or maybe Hansina? I'm okay with whatever he decides. I will keep praying for him. The Lord knows!
1. This copy is six sentences.
Last night I had taken Tevye to bed with his two trains. He has two Thomas trains, one larger than the other, and these were his choice for bedtime last night. When saying goodnight, I will lie down on the bed next to him and sing him a few songs, sometimes read or tell a story, and sometimes just chat. Last night he told me that I was a bumpy bridge as he drove “little Thomas” up my arm and onto my hat.
the bull’s-eye moon.
The Joker (Heath Ledger), The Dark Knight (2008)
I've been loving Knit Picks' line of cotton yarn, called Dishie to make the elephant dolls. The yarn is durable and softens out with a little love to the most wonderful texture. It's perfect for kids who want to tote their new best pal everywhere!
(Here is Coolac dripping wet from a swim in the dam near Rose’s place, Gucci is the cute furry thing…)
I've always wanted to take some cooking classes. I want to understand cuts of meat. I want to understand flavors and how to combine them and make them work together. I want to understand textures. I want to know how to use a knife and how to actually chop something. Sure I can read about it, but remember I mentioned my lackadaisical ways? I'm lazy like that. I don't want to read about it. I've watched a few youtube videos on how to chop and mince, but it takes practice and without someone there with me to keep me practicing and to tell me what adjustments I need to make, it's not going to happen (ahem, lackadaisical. did I mention that?)
All it took was a straw.
I read somewhere that by wearing oneself in clothes, one converts fashion to style. I prefer to write myself with words.
This is the pattern. I am on the line right above the green tape. I have a ways to go. When I finish the knitting I follow with embroidering more colors over this pattern - felting the wool - cutting the pieces to the right dimensions, and then putting it together. I'm very happy you don't have to line a felted bag!
The term “biopsychosocial model” is used almost exclusively by Wessely School psychiatrists to refer to disorders that they continue to regard as psychosomatic (especially ME/CFS) and it is not used by other disciplines. For example, cardiologists do not refer to patients as having a “biopsychosocial” disorder and oncologists do not refer to cancer as a “biopsychosocial” disorder, nor do they claim that their patients must be coerced back to work by the withdrawal of their state benefits because it is patients’ aberrant belief that they are physically sick which maintains their disease.
100% Cabernet Sauvignon – 63% from Oakville District with 37% from Rutherford District – 2 vineyards on the ‘bench’ that gently slopes west from the Mayacamsas mountains.
the alleys right behind the square
My first novel, The Long Weekend, was published in October 2008, the contract with my publisher signed almost a year before the publication date. I had no idea then that it took as long as that from signing a contract to seeing my book on the shelf of my local bookshop. I found out later that it could often take much longer than that. That’s just one example of my complete naivety at the time. I stumbled through an alien quagmire of contracts, edits, proof-reading, strap-lines, tag-lines, blurbs, AI sheets, and so many other mysterious things most of which I had never heard of and didn’t know if I had a say in. My agent was good and experienced, but, still, I would have loved to have been able to run a couple of things past another published children’s writer. I had no peer-group support network whatsoever. Even though I had been writing for a number of years, I had not been bold enough to call myself a writer until I was told the publication date for my book. So I was a writer in isolation, and I felt it keenly.
1. A Polar Bear’s Tale—a beautiful collage kind of art blog, with pieces and paintings collected from every corner of the web.
I long for the dampness that weighs heavy when I have a pressing and complex issue lying on my heart. I return to the beach. A place where the waves sing with sympathy and understanding. Where the sand welcomes me as it to say "I've missed you, welcome back". I draw in the sand, doodles that represent the turmoil of my mind. I hug my knees to my chest and I look out along that vast horizon. And suddenly my issue doesn't seem that big.
I still couldn’t see it. The wall just looked like a wall to me. Grey, flat, pockmarked with years of baseballs and the scrabblings of feet that had used it as a getaway.
Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis
ignoring bits
Ngọc Sơn Temple has three main sections: the external one is the bái đường (kowtowing place), the central section is for worshipping Văn Xương and the end section is dedicated to Trần Hưng Đạo.
Edit: fixed some mistakes pointed out by Repgrind (thanks!)
This isn’t going to work.
First one man, then another and then kids, moms, grandmas and trolls all stopped to gape at me and my stubbornly-stuck cart.
The answer is no. Our hens lay green, blue, white, and brown eggs. Every day is like an Easter egg hunt at our chicken coop.
Note: Now I do want to come clean and say that I do own both a wooden cutting board and a plastic. Plastic is used for raw meats and the wooden is used for everything else. I do use my plastic flexible cutting boards for display purposes for the blog, but mostly everything is cut on a wooden board.
Muted and low, like my ego humbled.
I stare at the book,
It's inevitable. Our baby will love music. Just like mommy & daddy. It makes me happy that some of the first few months we'll spend with this baby will be during the summer time, in Asheville, home to a plethora of outdoor festivals and shows. Our baby will be well versed in the local music scene before mama returns to work.
Publisher: Destiny Image Publishers (March 19, 2012)
Tracks 1-11 & 20-28 Metropolitan Sports Center, Minneapolis,1/17/75
It's time for the Working Class, the Poor and The Middle class to start thinking about the Long Game! The change we want has to be implemented constantly and in stages.We will have to elect CHANGE Politicians for the next two decades in Local, Statewide and National Elections, appoint judges and like minded people to boards and committees. President Obama has gotten alot done but he can't do it alone, we as the thinking electorate that wants change have to begin to impart it by electing more new blood.
You call concerns “alarmist alchemy” yet your own explanation of the magical 100 evaluation absurd. You claim that 60 of these magical points may include observations based on the Danielson frameworks. That’s great for Danielson and her company but may not be so great for kids and teachers. There are major concerns with this approach.
God help me. I made it until the end. I still really have this headache, though, on one side of my head. It’s probably the side responsible for logic and hating bestiality.
- 1 roma tomato, seeded
The WORLD says… Be sure you grab all you believe should be coming to you.
He huffed (acidly) –
Deus ex machina is a tried and true solution, but it always leaves a bit of an unsatisfying taste. I'll pay more attention when I see this movie again, though that points to a deficiency right away.
13I think it is right to refresh your memory as long as I live in the tent of this body, 14because I know that I will soon put it aside, as our Lord Jesus Christ has made clear to me. 15And I will make every effort to see that after my departure you will always be able to remember these things. 16We did not follow cleverly invented stories when we told you about the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, but we were eyewitnesses of his majesty. 17For he received honor and glory from God the Father when the voice came to him from the Majestic Glory, saying, “This is my Son, whom I love; with him I am well pleased.” 18We ourselves heard this voice that came from heaven when we were with him on the sacred mountain. (2 Peter 1:13-18 ESV )
And I'd really like to know, fellow Edgars – were you bullied? Did you ever feel like an outsider? And if you were, do you think it influenced your writing?
Prepare an extra strip of fabric for the strap and sew it down to 1/2". Insert the straps inside the printed fabric and add the plastic cover on top. Align the bottom of the plastic to line up against the printed fabric. Sew all three sides and trim extra fabric or plastic. Mae didn't sew the fabric inside out. The plastic cover is sturdy and if you try to turn the fabric right side out, the plastic won't stay flat. Don’t mind the rustic edge. I think it brings a little character. If you're concerned about fraying you can buy Dritz Fray Check at any craft supply store.
Kelly the collie gave Moon a big ice-creamed filled grin and then tossed the sweet desert towards the sea!
and energy and of the relationship between
I’m never tired of hearing you speak
A final highlight for me was reading about the love of the Ascended Masters for mankind and how this great love opens a portal to the Inner Ashram that resides within each student.
“What? Like stop someone from dying? That was your example right?” He shrugged a shoulder. “Well then if you prevent it then what’s to say that fortune was even real? It’s probably just a way to make you paranoid over things that could have happened, but didn’t.”
No doubt the gay community, like other minority communities, needs some amount of affirmation. But you have to wonder what affirmation must mean if it demands all of these bright smiles, winsome singing and inane lyrics. They're bad enough in straight musical comedy, where they can frequently be undermined as camp. But in a gay revue, what you get is a kind of cutesy, clean-cut camp - even in the S&M number.
Take heed, novice writers: You don’t control the story. All you can do is hang on.
Overall Place: 121/483
it help in reducing kapha, increases appetite,healps in healing ajeerna,helps to cure the distress caused due to flatulance or the gas problem,anorexia .Hence we havyaka people use it in form of a simple side dish called thambuli. This is used at the beginning of a meal to increase the appetite as well as to enhance the digestion.
Interview: Elliott Kalb
“Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.” ~Mark Twain
What are you doing, Jonny?
as the grand-mother who inspired it.
the joy of discovering unwon territory
in Pennsylvania
" If I ran that place and I put those beers on the bar, would I continue to serve them after tasting them or would I pull them off the
Then there is so much unrelenting talk about the Altantuya savage killing. But because the PM has kept mum over all the unanswered questions the rakyat are asking, all the more people say that it is very puzzling. Of course there was that mobile text messages and the court room tantrums remember.
—from "Letters to a Young Poet" in Midnight Salvage
8) When One Gone
oh irony, how i love thee so! 2011 was the year that my blogging started to pay off with some fabulous social media opportunities, and of course, it was also the year i was so busy, it seemed like i barely blogged at all (only 132 posts). in my defense, my social media has been more concentrated on the twitters & facebook lately, as it's much easier to squeeze in the time for 140 characters as opposed to being able to find a couple hours to write a full-fledged blog post (taking & editing photos, composing the text and sourcing the associated links is NEVER a quick proposition, at least for little ol' typelexic m21). still, whether i blogged as much as i would have liked or no, the 4 years i've spent slogging away in the social media world has begun to reward me in unexpected ways, and has provided me with some incredible highlights to my year...
These navy blue socks have a cool floral detail and are covered in prairie flowers with a cow skull (bull!) in the middle of the feet.
All right, your infatuation with Ron Paul has been fun. And yes, I find him both admirable in some ways and spot-on when it comes to certain issues. But he has not been good for your movement.
The New Jersey Supreme Court’s Ineligible List reflects Rakofsky’s address as 140 Hepburn Road, #19H in Clifton, NJ. However, Rakofsky’s settlement agreement with St. Thomas School of Law directs that the settlement check be sent to 67 Wall Street, Apt. 24G, New York, NY 10005, which is the same address where Rakofsky asked the Defendants to serve him with papers.
Mix together 1 8-oz. pkg. cream cheese, 1 C. powdered sugar and 1 C. Cool Whip in a bowl with an electric mixer. Spread layer of cooled crust.
High Total Lots: 29
Vatican-controlled Nazi Party). The President and CEO of the Ford
My sweet boys are in new pastures! I have been planning the additions for quite some time and the fence company was able to come out the first week in May. These pictures are from a morning when they were investigating one section for the first time. I was so excited to put them out, that I didn't groom them first. Consequently, there are three muddy geldings in these photos and video.
I remember for a long time I just stood there and shook while Stéphane ran around gathering paperwork and looking through the car. Even though they didn't steal anything, just the thought of somebody going through our things - and especially my baby's things, made me completely nauseous. I was completely stressed about it all over Saturday and didn't totally relax again until I was home again Sunday evening.
My dad makes a quick, spicy sauce where my grandmother makes a slow, mild sauce.
I love them, and I'm sure you will too! I can't wait to see them live in October! :) Give them a listen and let me know what you think!
Possessed by the skies
According to Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs the top three needs are sex, well that’s a given, number two is housing, and the number one need is food and you need to meet all three to advance to the next stage of Self-actualization, according to Maslow.
I LOVE watching my big, burly husband run down the street after you, calling out "Tinkerbell! Tinkerbell!" It really makes me giggle!
listening to: country music. lots and lots of country music.
Here is a layout using a beautiful Echo Park paper line called Holly Jolly!!!! I also used Winter Woodland and my Imagine. I added a gemstone for the doorknob on the house.
it's an awesome and exciting treat.
Doesn’t have a swelled head,
- Fresh lemons 3 lb bag $2.88 each (USA)
The iPad has more apps with in-app purchase than apps built for the iPhone. Ten percent of the iPad applications on the App Store had in-app purchase, versus 6 percent for the iPad.
I supposed there are many ways of cooking this Ayam Penyek. Maybe in future I could find a really good one. For now I think this is quite good. So hope you will try this.
