Now it’s like attending the end of term presentation, swelling with pride because your child’s won an award only to find that every kid got the same certificate.
Wayne didn’t need to follow her. He knew her routine. Ever since he found her six months ago, a fluke sighting at the gym, he’d followed her.
Turns out there are several reasons why chickens might peck each other - too crowded, too hot, not enough feeder or waterer space or to determine pecking order. I'm sure there are other reasons, but that's what we've learned so far. I believe this was a pecking order issue. The RIRs are top dogs in our flock and they will occasionally bully one of the others, but it's never been this bad. One suggestion was to put Pine Tar on the chicken being pecked. It apparently tastes horrible and will discourage further pecking.
Sabich is a popular Sabbath food for Iraqi Jews, who, when they emigrated to Israel and set up a community in Ramat Gan, brought the sandwich with them. It has since gained widespread popularity, and of course, in typical Israeli fashion, there are 100 variations and 200 opinions about which one is best.
It's a tough job, but someone has to do it. ; )
Hi, all! Today I created a birthday card for my mother :0) Her birthday is March 4th but we are going on TOKYO time (13 hours ahead) so technically I'm ALMOST on time! LOL!! Confused? Even after all these years, that's how I feel every time I call home!
Happy Martin Luther King Jr. Day to all of you here in the US and Happy Monday to everyone else :)
Still, I probably would stay up and try to get an early start on the day if it weren’t for one thing, or I should say one person: Lorelei. My five-year-old baby still sleeps with us, and the temptation of getting back into a warm bed for another hour or so with a cuddly little person is too hard to resist most days.
I decided to try a Snappi, which keeps the cloth diaper secure under the cover. Basically, it's a T-shaped elastic band with little plastic teeth on the ends that "bite" into the cloth diaper fabric. It's been great! While it's not really intended for tight wovens like flannel, I am able to use it with a bit of finagling. I generally use only the side-to-side aspect, and don't bother attaching the bottom portion to the diaper. It works well, is inexpensive, and eliminates the need for pins (which would scare me to death).
How can we improve the state of marriage today? Recognize that divorce will not fall into disuse but that, if better support and coping mechanisms are provided, spouses will resort to it less.
Nobuyoshi Araki (荒木経惟) or simply Araki (アラーキー) is one of Japan’s leading photographers.
~Marie
The group had planned to enter the United States at San Diego, Calif.
9Blessed are the peacemakers,
Hello, it’s the unicorn again! I apologise for my long absence from my own blog, but slave driver Katherine Roberts has had me chained to her desk finishing Book 2 of the Pendragon Legacy for delivery to her editor, who will be the first person in the entire world to read it apart from me. Meanwhile Mati the Tygrine cat has been here holding the enchanted mists open for me, and he’s told me you are all wondering what I’ve been up to...
All of this, of course, was pre-children. When I was dealing with two adults with relatively adventurous palates and had all the time in the world to pontificate about what we'd have for dinner that night. Now I have four palates: two relatively adventurous, one relatively adventurous for a kid, and Mr5, who would happily live on ham and salad for the rest of his life.
Competition to win a copy of Jennifer Donnelly's Revolution (UK only).
but simpler, sweeter
6. Speaking Up for Inclusion
No time for thinking. (Besides, you have nothing to think about, you have already answered at all.)
To be perfectly honest, I don’t exactly know. I do however have some good guesses, and there are good reasons for a lack of definition at this point (which I’ll explain later). Problems that we (as EWB) are working with as an organisation are looking at behaviour change. With this definition of the issues, we are taking a further step than many other organisations which define the problems as lack of access, to knowledge, technology, etc. In many cases, it is true that those pieces of the puzzle are missing, but what EWB is trying to figure out is how the system can begin to provide them for itself. This stems from an observation that even when those pieces are present, still situations can remain stagnant. This is where the humanity of it all steps in. People are typically resistant to change, and we’ve a host of sayings to back that up (can’t teach an old dog new tricks, leopard never changes its spots etc etc.). So when the approach to change focuses on workshop-based teaching and information dissemination, we’re adding one piece of the puzzle, but we’re not really addressing how people are able to change their behaviour, and the constraints on this process. We’re simply getting the information out there.
Go ahead and take my 30 day no Weigh challenge, but you have to eat well, and exercise at least a little. Day 1 turns into day 1000 and trust me day 1000 is better when your fit.
What The Fuck?!?
A grandfather, father, husband, man, child of God who is following Christ Jesus and working out his salvation with fear and trembling; for it is God who is at work in me, both to will and to work for His good pleasure (Philippians 2:12-13) In August 2011, in the midst of a colectomy surgery it was discovered and later confirmed that I had Stage IV metastatic colon cancer. The colectomy surgery instead became a colostomy surgery, which now means the colostomy bag is a part of my everyday life ... with the emphasis on life. God has given us a peace beyond understanding as my wife and I enter into this new stage of our life together. On September 26 I went through my first chemotherapy treatment. As a result, the subject matter and tone of this blog has changed a bit from its inception just a short time ago. In writing, I am often wrestling with my own personal struggles and beliefs and in the midst God leads me to a lesson He wants me to learn ... or sometimes He simply touches me in the revelation of Himself. My hope is that the result you see here might touch your heart and glorify God. And let me be clear ... I am not the only one with something to say. Please join in the conversation sharing your faith, your cancer experiences, etc. I would love to hear from you.
Babe Paley and Truman Capote.
As a seller you will always be faced with closely related situations where one word in the right place will close the deal and the other will close the door behind you.
The other thing that hurts about this war is coming from the side I'm fighting with.
It is amazing to consider a society where International Women’s Day is irrelevant. That should be the aim of our society – of any society: that all of its citizens could take “parity of esteem” for granted. That rights are “a given” not something “to be given”.
To me, this problem is only one symptom of a larger disease; namely, that many unschooling parents passively accept the principles of unschooling as gospel, rather than actively examining them.
The Sterling greeting cards
However, if you found that the phrase "write what you know" was somehow limiting or constricting to you, then I hope this helps somehow.
A U.S. International Trade Commission judge has sided with Motorola in a landmark dispute between two of the largest technology conglomerates in the world. The epic clash of the titans started in 2010 when Microsoft decided to effectively declare war on the world renowned smart phone and telecommunications company. Microsoft filed with the U.S International Trade Commission a dispute involving nine Microsoft patents that Motorola was believed to be infringing.
It showed me how the world works.
An anonymous mars-sized planet collided with Earth, and the planets *fused together*. This caused Earth to get much bigger, and the sheer pressure and force of the collision caused our planet to become super geologically-active -- molten iron core, lava-ey mantle, drifting tectonic plates on top.Okay, so technically it's not anonymous - they've actually provisionally named it "Theia".
Looking up some contact information in our database, I was reminded of my very favorite thing about it: small notes, devoid of context, that give a strange glimpse into our conversations with editors. The stand out stars of the “notes” section of our contacts are surely that one editor has “three tiny kids” and another (whose name is not one you’d come across often) “is a GUY!” I like to imagine the shock and surprise of the assistant who’d picked up the phone to discover a deep, masculine voice attached to a name he or she had previously assumed belonged to a woman. (I also am not entirely certain that one wasn’t me, back when I was Jane’s assistant an alarmingly high number of years ago.) I also imagine the kindly editor who sat across from one of my colleagues at a lunch meeting and showed off pictures of her miniature children, perhaps posed next to objects of regular stature for comparison purposes. That note has been in there long enough that the tiny kids are probably not so tiny any more.
By that time the area had been extensively surveyed for roads , power lines , mineral and scientific explorations , the army in both wars and Lyre Trig was built just 120 metres away from the carvings.
my faith will hold me steady
COPIC SKETCH 72PC SET A. COPIC&reg, Sketch Marker Sets
You were there again
Interest rates on SBA loans are as low as 2.5% for Homeowners/Renters, 3% for Non-Profits and 4% for Businesses, up to 30 years
Supper: vegetable soup (using the other two punnets of patty pans) with bread with our small group (we are asking each member to bring R4 - a third of their daily allowance)
Further, the relation between cigars and spiritedness may explain why cigars are now for the first time gaining a significant number of female disciples. For as women continue to enter the traditionally male world of competition, many are beating men at their own game by using the same tactics of gaining power. And with the tactics have come the symbols.
Islam claims that anyone who kills an infidel in Allah's name will have a special place in heaven, waited on by countless virgins. It's the threat of death for apostacy and the promise of heaven for anyone who kills unbelievers that aids the spread of this religion. Guilt and Fear.
For those of you that are experiencing this time in a more balanced way, see it as a time of assimilation and integration. Keep the body moving but discipline the mind not to judge where things happen to be right now. Remember you are a work in progress and you should be enjoying the process of living this highly creative life with all of its bids for power and commitments and changes.
Pandemonium is a poignant, explosive, recklessly romantic and utterly heartbreaking novel. Like Delirium, the first in the compelling trilogy, it will take you to the very edge. That's all you need to know. We'll let Lena do the rest of the talking..."
The argument of Howards End has its beginning in a manifesto against materialism:
Levack did what all sane authors do with a comfortable and successful 9 to 5 job when they get a book publishing contract from a major publisher—he quit so he could concentrate full-time on his second novel.
Saturday - movies with the Pilot, a man which I have yet to blog about. That's forthcoming.
Back to point: In fact the answer to this point really does depend on where your Company stands in times of disruption and turmoil. If your Company is the water that shifts the sands you are the cause and are in power…If you are the sand and being shifted all the time then it is a different response as you are powerless. There are ways to anchor yourself but it means a fight to stand strong against a disruptive wave that might when things calm down see you in the same position weaker or stronger than before. We have seen this in Digital TV Technology … Many projects and initiatives around new-technologies have been launched. I have been in Companies that have been the sand being shifted and we found ourselves shifted somewhere else a short time later and shifted again…The TV industry at present is chasing rainbows (but using technology to do it) in order to get that pot of gold but many times it is not there…sometimes it is and it is pure luck that lands you that pot of gold position today.
A Friend
I'm being slowly driven mad by the fact that I can crack the whip one day and have the kids clean up the house, but it's not worth my effort. Within mere hours, it's back to looking like a bomb exploded over it. My darling youngest daughter came home from school one day last week, looked around the newly vacuumed house and asked me why I cleaned.
There are about 20 regions in Italy and dissimilar types of food can be found in each one. Long ago it was hard for Italians to travel to other regions within Italy. This resulted in distinct styles and ways to prepare food in each region as few people were open to other types of cooking. So even though Italy does non look to be a very large nation geographically, it still has a wide range of flavor.
I am really pleased by the response the blog prize received this month, and I thoroughly enjoyed hearing about your creative process and the artistic mediums you use to create.
We begin today by looking at a short story from Luke’s Gospel—we have been in John and Matthew already this year—that demonstrates the first of our four grace points: Grace is Undeserved Forgiveness. This morning I’d like to note four particulars of this story as they relate to grace.
Sometimes I wonder if my blog is a lie.
PETA’s self-contradictions can be traced to two primary factors: 1) their contradictory blend of traditional utilitarian-welfarist philosophy (animal are ours…) with a façade of rights-sounding rhetoric (“animals are not ours..”) and 2) that PETA is, among other things, a corporation existing as a legal person, but with none of the potential conscience of a human moral agent.
There can be too much Fleetwood Mac on morning radio.
4 Battersea Park Road
Good morning, Dear Diary. It's very gloomy outside today....darkly overcast...a big storm is sliding south and they say a lot of rain will be falling upon us over the weekend. I've got a load of laundry going out in the garage and two more waiting their turn. I also need to find time to stop over at the mall and do some walking and a few errands today.
FEMINISM IN CONSERVATIVE CLIMATE
Of course the real draw of Clinton Street Baking Company is the pancakes. But then again, the word "baking" is in the name; there are some damn good bakers at this restaurant.
I need you to fly in;
My husband is like a big kid when it comes to these.
This past 1 ½ years I’ve been studying a lot on waiting, the strength God gives us as we wait. I’ve studied a lot on Abraham and Sarah and the YEARS they waited for Isaac. I’ve read every passage there is on God opening women’s wombs like Hannah, Ruth, Rachel, & Rebekah. I love the story of Rebekah because it says that her husband, Jacob, prayed to the Lord on her behalf because she was barren. Such an amazing picture!
Recept: You said his name again.
Moving on to another topic, americans are told that education is the answer to unemployment. Get that university degree and live happily every after.
The Lord is your keeper,
Not content with simply embarking upon this futile exercise, the NF has launched an appeal to raise £10,000 to finance the campaign. What a complete and utter waste of time and members money. Surely Ian Edwards et al can come up with better ways to use that kind of money than contest a hopeless election for London Mayor. Or perhaps not.
A frog comes out of the water and takes the ball.
Anyway, lets give a proper summary of this months box.
If you have enjoyed my blog, or have tried out the recipes I have included and wish to comment, please feel free to comment using the comment button or by visiting my guestbook, all comments and suggestions will be gratefully received.
Push past it.
3) Rick Santorum: 21.7% (15 votes)
From Family and Friends is a recollection of days with grandparents. Click the link Do you sense the emotion? and read Betwixt ‘n’ Between.
Plus: Shotguns suck for zombies. Never select a shotgun as your primary anti-zombie firearm. It's great for onesy twosey, but zombies travel in hordes. The reload time is onerous, and the ammo, while effective, is heavy and bulky and short ranged.
Just like, remove the dirt in our shoes.
Lvl 3 - stunned, you loose your next action
***SPREAD THE WORD TO THE WORLD ON FACEBOOK about this release & whatever connections you may have! Let us know on "My Creative
8This persuasion cometh not of him that calleth you.
so 11 hears ago this may jeffrey's parents found our land up for auction. it was 7 acres with a 100 year old barn and house. jeffrey's granddaddy worked as a very young boy throwing hay in our loft...how cool is that? the barn we have restored...the house was too far gone so we tore it down and built our carriage house....1200 square feet over the garage to get on our property and thought we would live there for 2-3 years and then start our house. well....here we are 9 plus years later... but we have had to make sacrifices like a bigger house for me to be able to stay home with our girls....and it has been worth every crowded little minute!
Ian Winfield, a fish ecologist for the Centre for Ecology and Hydrology at Lancaster University, believes Mr Burnip could have seen a catfish, as they have been introduced to a lot of lakes for angling.
But what were the members of the General Council thinking of when this invitation to Cameron was issued???
Of course, being pre- or post-date is simply a reflection of the tolerance level of the organs. Some are less patient than others.
“Yes, you have. But it’s okay. I understand why. You’re not very fond of my sister, and you think we’re exactly alike.” She patted his hand. “But trust me, I’m nothing like Cassie.”
I decided to put this book out myself, as I already have several other books on a waiting list with my publisher. I designed and formatted this book myself and was really pleased when received a copy of it. It's very well put together, beautifully bound, and the color and images turned out extremely well. If you have a little one in your life, this would be a fun book to share with them. From what I've witnessed when visiting Glacier, children love seeing the mountain goats, especially the babies.
Mardi Gras! The word conjures up all sorts of images in the mind. We think of parades, floats, masquerades, balls, beads, doubloons, parties, king cake and revelry. New Orleans Promises it as “the greatest free show on earth”, and it is considered by most to be a time of good wholesome fun.
Ratify the New
For some strange reason... I feel a strong need to go buy some cool jeans.
The four men had been sent after one of the few survivors of their group’s attack on a nearby military hospital. The hospital had been occupied by U.N. forces with ample supplies making it a doubly attractive target – eliminate a number of U.N. “invaders” and reap the benefits of their supplies. It had simply been too much to resist.
Verse 15 echoes this, as John says anyone who hates his brother is a murderer and cannot share eternal life. I know this will be a difficult statement for some among us to read, especially those of a a universalist persuasion. The New Testament is full of verses as to who will share eternal life, so we would do well to reread and consider them carefully.
smart money is riding on dinner resos
Thomas led the Gladers to safety in The Maze Runner (2009). But after just one night’s rest, the survivors are told that a true haven is still a long way off. To reach it, they have to pass another trial: crossing an expanse of scorched earth while being pursued by the Cranks, humans infected by the Flare, a disease that inflicts madness. If they can just make it to the designated meeting point on time (and alive), they will be met by a rescue team from the shadowy organization behind these trials, receive the cure to the pandemic and never have to face danger again.
A tourist once asked me if we gorillas had any holy places that were strictly off limits to humans on pain of having their nipples tweaked.
He closes the door and right then and there I get a short, age-appropriate geopolitical class on the Middle East. Palestine, the English bastards, Balfour, Zionism, Jerusalem, the King David Hotel, David Ben-Gurion, the state of Israel, refugees, the Israeli bastards, the settlers, the camps, Gamal Abdel Nasser, the Six-Day War, Moshe Dayan, the Yom Kippur War, Hussein of Jordan, Black September, the PLO, the American bastards, terrorism, armed struggle, the weakness of Lebanon, the mistakes the Palestinians made, the Christian fears, the beginning of the war...The various factions of the struggle are illustrated with characteristic colour, as are important objects from a period that involved virtual siege within one's home. So radios, batteries, camping stoves and Enid Blyton paperback's are all accorded the same iconic status in Ziadé's mind as the supposed icons of the struggle. The various leaders tend to be represented in far more muted tones for these are the villains of the piece, in fact Ziadé even goes as far as to develop their portraits into something far more sinister when comparing the heroes of her dreams to the serpent-tongued, bloody-clawed politicians. It isn't all naïveté though, some of the violence, especially in the head-rush of the early period is pretty gruesome and there is a telling moment when Ziadé considers the veracity of what she hears.
Wikipedia has already had an article in it regarding Obama Biden campaign but have removed it. Was it under duress from the Obama administration? Where is it from what’s the reason behind the removal of that article?
And, when you thought she could deliver nothing more beautiful, she gave us my wonderful brother Tommy at the age of 42. A tough C-section, and beset with physical problems the rest of his life, she still never looked at him as anything other than her son, she made sure he got to school, danced at the school dance, watched his favorite sports, enjoying life to the fullest.
Cyclical anti-cyclical gyres of motions disappearing in the book of nirvana
see what classes your local Michael's is offering
The Overnight Wash and Lotion are definately different, I thought it would probably be nearly the same but these leave a coating on your face which feels a little slimy when you wash it off in the morning. Again, its gentle but does the job!
I've decided to use Tuesdays here on the blog to hold myself accountable. Each week I'm going to toss out the facts and figures of my goals.
Comments feed a blogger's soul you know.
Gray Friar Press; Gary Fry
35
In addition to my holiday items, I've also included some Primark purchases I made just today. On Friday I plan to go to Liverpool with my boyfriend. We planned this a while ago, to have one big shopping trip at Liverpool One in order to buy everything we need for the festival holiday. However this hasn't really worked out for me as I've pretty much bought everything I'm going to need (minus the actual camping equipment, oops) but we are staying over in a hotel and plan to go out for the night so I'm really looking forward to it! This is why I went to Primark today to be honest, to buy a new outfit for my shopping trip (don't judge me), I couldn't help it as I really wanted something new to wear! Anyway, the first thing I saw was this gorgeous tan satchel bag (satchels seem to be very popular at the moment). Can you believe it was only £3.00, reduced from £7.00!
But we must digress, because you haven’t yet had an introduction to the team. So here, a few words about individual elements that made up Diablo FC’s Team Thunder:
Over the weekend I started searching online for backyard play space inspiration. Now that we have a spacious, grassy area all our own I really want to build a playhouse or swing set or some other sort of fun area for the kids to enjoy once the weather gets warm.
Special meteorological programmes were performed by the German meteorologist Alfred Wegener, who established three stations at the west coast, the east coast, and in the middle of the ice cap of Greenland to investigate the meteorological condition of the cold region on the ice in 1930-1931. A year later a dense network of meteorological stations was set up to investigate the conditions of the upper air around the Arctic Ocean during the 2nd IPY (1932-1933).
I called her and we talked for a bit. I said, "she's not doing good....maybe there is a part of you that knew that inside yourself and it came out in your dream."
8. The report described the Palestinian Kairos Document, calling for nonviolent, peaceful struggle by Palestinians against Israeli Occupation and land grabs. Likud propaganda insists in racist fashion that all Palestinians are inherently angry and violent and that their protest against being made stateless and homeless by Israel is irrational.
As they spoke a commotion rose from the cell, then Derue backed out, his hands before him. Edouard followed, his pale face was red and he shouted and pushed at his brother.
These were the fragments, the embers
ME: Why? Do I look depressed?
“You obviously haven’t sat and talked with her for five minutes.” He aimed a finger at his own head. “Scrambled eggs up there, dude.”
Cupcake cut from Celebrations at 2.65
Finishing my second Tufts 10k for Women. Fantastic race. 8 minutes faster this year. Aiming for another 8 faster next year.
Irrational Fear #2
And why? Because you know full well that once you do actually sit down to write, the muse will seize you by the nose hairs, smash your face against the keyboard for daring to go AWOL, and writing will then become a source of procrastination for not getting on with the important business of choosing tiles and blinds.
Boston Hempfest is an annual outdoor festival for people who like to smoke marijuana. While events like this are celebrating an illegal activity, they are not usually violent. These type of events are often held on college campuses and attended mostly by whites. However, look what happens when diversity is added to the mix.
It’s all in how you respond and perceive the journey that creates your life experience. It’s just another part of the Universal dance called life.
The image you see under Fillmore East's cover is
For those who are interested, the birds in the photos above are (from top to bottom): Mourning Dove, Red-Bellied Woodpecker, Tufted Titmouse. If you visit the links which will take you to Cornell’s Lab of Ornithology, you can listen to the sounds that they make. I actually heard the mourning dove fly over before I saw it, although I didn’t know what it was at the time.
Bearing? Centered.
9. People who accomplish their goals aren’t living in a state of comfort.
The impending retirement of Manchester United goalkeeper Edwin Van Der Sar this week has saddened the football world. Van Der Sar will play his last game for United in May, when he will hang up his gloves after enduring a glittering career. However, the end of another goalkeeping hero for Sir Alex Ferguson means that the hunt for a new icon must begin, to ensure of the continued success at Old Trafford.
Here's what I am/we are watching these days:
I’ve never been one to wish for spring, because winter is my favorite season, but I can’t wait to run outside with my new partner and tackle the Hannibal hills. C’mon warm weather!
A full 21 pages in length, TOTF contains no less than six maps and several illustrations. There are a couple of overland maps (city map, for one) and 4 "dungeon" or "temple" maps. In my opinion, the maps are quite well done and really give the early D&D player a sense of what a dungeon should look like. The illustrations peppered throughout TOTF have NOTHING to do with the content of the module, but they are nice pictures.
* People from troubled areas soon learn to joke about it and take a joke about it. It’s a defence mechanism as old as the hills. I know; I come from one.
He claim he was close to Jonathan so much so, Mrs. Alison-Madueke, then a minister of Mines and Steel, needed his support for President Jonathan to pick her ahead of Odein Ajumogobia, for the petroleum slot.
I also realized that I could combine that knowledge with decent writing skills and try to become a paid contributor of feature articles to health and fitness websites and magazines. You could make $1,000-$2,000 on a feature article in most respected websites/magazines. That’s a lot for a college kid! After about three months of writing for free, I eventually got paid on a per article basis. I began meeting more people in the fitness industry, which was pretty easy to do since I was in Los Angeles. I eventually met a guy who ran a successful group fitness program in several Crunch gyms in Southern California that focused on core strength. He invited me to be a fitness model in an abs infomercial he was putting together since I was in pretty decent shape and he knew I could use some money.
Carlo Bartolomeo hired Leonardo Marino, formerly Sous Chef of Le Bernardin Restaurant in New York City, and Chef De Cuisine of Eric Ripert’s West End Bistro in Washington DC to run Bartolomeo’s kitchen and cook all of the prepared foods for sale on Bartolomeo’s menu. This is serious chef firepower folks. Leo is particularly proud of his Osso Bucco, which is shown here.
The Fish and Wildlife Service has reopened a two-week comment period, during which feedback is sought from the public before the agency finalizes the delisting rule.
One of my favorite places to read was in our living room behind a chair in the corner of the room. I remember getting my Scholastic order at school and not being able to listen to a thing the teacher said after that, because all I wanted to do was get home to get started on my books:) That being said, I can't remember reading any books for pleasure once I started middle school and on into the first part of college. Too much of my time was taken up reading about topics I had absolutely no interest in for tests or school assignments. Reading became a chore and more often then not for me, something to be avoided. I loathed reading for those years because I could not retain information for the life of me and constantly had to read and re-read assigned passages because my mind would wander to the place or thing I would rather be doing (or subject I would rather be reading about).
Pete could no longer see them where they had been clustered at the edge of the trees. It took a few moments but he located them, one by one. The team of six had spread out in a crescent shape, half-surrounding the house.
“The bin, the bin!” he wheezes.
“At first as they stumped along the path which edged the Hundred Acre Wood, they didn’t say much to each other; but when they came to the stream and had helped each other across the stepping stones, and were able to walk side by side again over the heather, they began to talk in a friendly way about this and that, and Piglet said,”If you see what I mean, Pooh,” and Pooh said, “It’s just what I think myself, Piglet,” and Piglet said, “But, on the other hand, Pooh, we must remember,” and Pooh said, “Quite true, Piglet, although I had forgotten it for the moment.” And then, just as they came to the Six Pine Trees, Pooh looked round to see that nobody else was listening, and said in a very solemn voice:
These last few weeks of recovery have felt like a roller coaster ride with so many ups and downs and highs and lows, and I'm ready to get off! I've been going to physical therapy and I have definitely improved, but I'm still far from healed. I do have days where I feel really good so I go to Target or the grocery store or the park and the next day I can barely walk, and it sets me back a week. Even standing long enough to cook dinner will cause problems. I guess after this happened over and over, I've finally realized I just have to take it easy whether I feel good or not. It's just difficult because I thought I would be back to normal by now and I'm far from it.
Sister, sister, he’s just a plaything
This is going to be very brief as I don’t really have much to say – in fact I was contemplating not writing anything at all until I realised that I said I would mention how my appointment went with the GP. I’ll get all antsy and restless if I don’t stick to that so here we go…
"Then you should say what you mean," the March Hare went on.
With great beer, one also also needs some grub. Here's a list of restaurants with a good beer selection to satisfy both your thirst and your hunger. While the restaurants different in styles of food, rest assured that the beer menu is sure to please.
Frances McDormand has the more difficult role because it is less showy and so she has to work harder to stand out from the more flamboyant Adams. The veteran actress brings a quiet dignity to Pettigrew as well as worldly experience, which McDormand suggests during the brief, calm interludes when her character imparts some words of wisdom to Delysia. As she briefly demonstrated in Raising Arizona (1987), McDormand has wonderful comedic chops, which she conveys with amusing facial expressions when reacting to something outrageous Adams has said or done.
We had a perfect 2nd Valentine's together! Since we had just gone to the Big Band Dance, we just decided to keep it simple. Tj was in charge of the evening. I had gone the night before and bought Tj some fun Valentine's Day stuff and some new cologne. When I woke up on Valentine's Day, Tj had left me a present! It was new perfume! I had been wanting new perfume for a long time so this was really exciting. I think it's funny that we both gave each other the same thing, too. My new perfume was Aqua Di Gioia, the girl version of my favorite cologne of Tj's. I gave him Tim McGraw cologne and he loved it, too.
The first step is to attach the support boards for the drawer slides to the walls. (Not every project would require using these support boards. Here we've used them because we want to make sure our drawers are attached to studs in the wall and this allows us to do that. The drawer slide will screw into the board and the board screws into the stud.)
■ “But unto you that fear my name shall the Sun of righteousness arise with healing in his wings;” (Malachi 4:2)
After checking out the website, I didn’t like the Uggs with laces as much, but I really liked the ones with the Cardy socks, which are just socks to put on the outside of your boot, and the rest of the sock goes inside the boot. Kind of like a legging for your boot, with no sock toe. The large, cream-colored buttons stand out really nicely against the chocolate color, and look pretty cool, too. But I can still wear my Uggs without them, and you can even fold down the boot to show off the sheep’s wool inside the boot.
Dentist Johns Creek: Why you might be better off seeing a Prosthodontist Dentist Marietta: What you probably don’t know about Cosmetic Dentists Dentist Roswell – Myth #1: Root Canal Therapy Is Painful, Wrong! Dentist: Johns Creek: Bottled Water – Good or Bad? Dentist Sandy Springs: What is Dentistry? Dentist Sandy Springs: Oral cancer by HPV is on the rise.
Agencies like to flatter themselves that what they do is so proprietary, their processes so innovative, that spilling the beans will cause them "irreparable damage and financial loss and hardship."
2. In Lower Antelope Canyon, if you show your SLR camera on a tripod, you are given a photographer’s pass for two hours that allows you to tour the slot canyon on your own.
First rule of the anarchist handbook – when attacking the big guns of the capitalist world, try not to endorse their products.
Every day that you envision a big life that touches thousands, you become bigger than life, and you plant courage in the hearts of others.
Great Watcher, we surrender ourselves before You and we ask You to watch, save, preserve, protect and cover us under Your Wings throughout this month and may who ever makes evil attempts against our lives, pay with their own lives in Jesus Name, we pray. Amen*7times, 7times and 7times.
And I blamed the kid until I heard the mother talk.
I cautioned against wearing orange, bright yellow, red, or blue with purple, but I take that all back. I’ve had way too much fun with the Red Hat Society Experiments to ban red and purple. Blue (like your earrings) with purple sounds wonderfully subtle. And orange or bright yellow could be paired with purple and the right attitude.
Ownership of Content
Where there is misery, let us bring them relief
We will not be "home" for Christmas this year but I'm ok with it. After a month spent in Canada this summer, I'm still running on family steam and am just as happy to relax cozily here in our home away from home, Sweden. We'll spend Christmas Eve (which is the day they really celebrate here) with our Swedish "family" and then feast on our turkey Christmas Day.
The kids only got a couple hours of sleep also. Everyone got up and got ready and had fun, well I wasn't having fun, I was miserable.
Attacks Christians and their Books, Rosh Hashanah 17a . Christians ("minim") and others who reject the Talmud will go to hell and be punished there for all generations (see footnote #11 for the definition of minim). Sanhedrin 90a.Those who read the New Testament ("uncanonical books," see footnote #9) will have no portion in the world to come. Shabbath 116a (p. 569). Jews must destroy the books of the Christians, i.e. the New Testament. Israel Shahak reports that the Zionists burned hundreds of New Testament books in Occupied Palestine on March 23, 1980 (cf. Jewish History, Jewish Religion, p. 21).
While they’re purchasing drift upgrades for the new car, Jonah King calls the police and points them in NC’s direction, on account of that whole motel massacre thing earlier. They set up a roadblock, but the Accountant turns up with a truck of Acme’s best Really Explosive Things. He’s even whistling nonchalantly. Hot damn, the film should have been about him. He’s surfing a moving police car. And he doesn’t even turn around and look at the explosion.
The 2d6 Jongleur
I love how easy it is to maneuver around Ezistock's website when you are looking through their items. They have tabs along the top and along the side.
More than 5,000 condoms and two weeks' work went into making the two dresses, reports People's Daily.
Yes, Jesus is there to listen to our needs, our cries for help and to give us strength when life dishes out its stuff. However, we must realize that when we take our “stuff” to Christ that He may not answer the way we want answers nor in the time we think He should respond. Jesus will answer and He will give us the solution we need. The important thing we must do in going to our “go-to” guy, Jesus is to simply give Him our “stuff” and then trust Him and His guidance. After all, Jesus IS or SHOULD be the most respected and well-regarded person to trust in helping us in any situation that comes our way.
The living standards of the Greeks fell 40% in 2010 to 2011 due to lower salaries in the private and public sectors.
Those two small pieces of information tell you about Bob Goff.
~ Hammerstein
The movie can be purchased here:
At the same time, at the May 13 2000 beatification ceremony of Jacinta and Francisco, Pope John Paul II would “reveal” the other part—the most “terrifying part”—of the Secret obliquely in his sermon. It was here that John Paul II spoke on the Apocaplyse: “Another portent appeared in Heaven; behold, a great red dragon” (Apoc. 12: 3). These words from the first reading of the Mass make us think of the great struggle between good and evil, showing how, when man puts God aside, he cannot achieve happiness, but ends up destroying himself… The Message of Fatima is a call to conversion, alerting humanity to have nothing to do with the “dragon” whose “tail swept down a third of the stars of Heaven, and dragged them to the earth” (Apoc. 12:4).
Not a soul is out there behind that door,
who do
Thanks so much for looking and may God bless your day wherever you may be,
Duane Ensing - I have pride in each project as it is designed and built, even as it continues to evolve into the final product, but I'd have to say my proudest was one of the most fun projects as well. Great clients and an open palate to 'paint' with. It was a complex site, but the design and intent was carried out and completed in a way that allowed it to attain the 'People's choice' award, along with several other awards. It was the success of the completed spaces that satisfied me. I look at each space on it's own and treat each on like a separate project. At this site, the house, the landscape, and its context worked really well together in theory and fully built. I like to challenge myself to develop a broader sense of 'landscape' and 'garden' at each turn of the road, and to maintain an open mind to what lies ahead.
Wow. Holy smokes. Hot cheetoes and rice.
Brouwerij De Dolle Brouwers De Dolle Ara Bier
Borrowing part of the title of "Rising Up and Rising Down : Some Thoughts on Violence, Freedom and Urgent Means" by William T. Vollmann, the Roots drummer and produce Ahmir "?uestlove" Thompson said the record continues band's political path which began in 2006.
Centre for Independent Journalism (CIJ) Malaysia
Our AMAZING Challenge DT Members have created some beauties for your inspiration today using 4 images from 2 of our newest collections at MILKCOFFEE SHOP. If you have a chance, we're certain the girls would love a visit to their individual blogs.
Bros, the service is unrivaled. The crushed ice is a big player. And the special I had? Well, let me tell you – it was next level. I had the patty melt, fries and a Coke Zero. Cashing out at under $9 and leaving with a full belly just accentuates the service. And the patty melt? Delightfully grilled onions and a pickle on a toasty piece of bread. Mustard, mayo – Chris Z’s pulls no punches. The fries reminded me of McDonald’s, if McDonald’s fries were home made. Cholula on the table to spread on everything was a nice touch.
by Maxwell Baumbach
In Edinburgh yesterday morning, I saw President Ahmadinejad of Iran walking purposefully through Bristo Square. But surely this cannot be? All I can think is that a serious President Ahmadinejad wannabe lives nearby.
Breathing deeply when the cramps would let him, he counted out how long it took him to settle. The average Clearseer took twenty-two breaths to recover from a direct look at the Realmlessness through a clear night sky, and the bottom of the Abyss felt every bit as bad as that had in training. On the thirteenth inhalation, he was able to push his head and shoulders up off the floor and glare weakly at Rissad. Federas' gifted were the best in the First Realm, and Rel was not about to let Dora down. Well, at least, not in that regard. It was the whole town he wasn't letting down, really.
I had the opportunity to sit down with one of the movement’s local leaders James McPherson. When I asked him why he wanted to protest in Norfolk, Virginia he replied “I’ve been interested in politics for a long time, but I’ve been apathetic. The Wall Street protests have inspired me to take action. I couldn’t get out New York City so I thought why not bring the protest to us?”
The bloke turns around and looks at me, he smiles as well. Some old looking geezer? Maybe in his forty's and all dressed in black. I watch as his hand moves towards the raised bar-seat beside him. The bloke in black pats a rather lean looking dog on its smiling head - now I'm no expert in canine companions, but that dog looks like a whippet to me?
The Liberals will stand up for Radical Islam as they rape, kill and Bomb innocent Americans.
39. Favourite fictional villain?
During the month of October we are offering a 30% discount on room rates.
I have many stories to tell, and I have many places I am going to be going to. I will keep perspective this time.
Thank you for your wishes and thoughts. I have received many cards and am still sending and writing mine, so if you get a christmas card in July don't be surprised.
It certainly isn’t Rick Perry or Nigel Farage – two blokes whose combined intellect wouldn’t fill a rat’s nostril – and it quite definitely isn’t David Cameron.
For a while I really wanted to write for Vogue. In college. I wanted to be an editor at Vogue. I wanted to be like Sylvia and work at a woman's magazines, I think at this time I misread The Bell Jar. Or like Joan Didion.
I sometimes wonder what historians of the far future will think as they pore over what’s left of the records of our own time. It’s unlikely that they’ll have a great deal more to go on than, say, Renaissance scholars had when they started to piece together the story of Rome’s decline and fall; our civilization produces a much greater volume of records than Rome did, to be sure, but most of them are in much more transitory forms; parchment lasts for many centuries if it’s kept dry and not handled much, while a few decades at most—and in the case of the internet, a few seconds of power loss—is enough to silence most of our current information media forever.
So the first video shoot yesterday was for a guy named . . . you know what? I hesitate to write names. When I become famous and you become my manager, someone will print a tell-all book about us, and they’ll print these letters I wrote to you in jail. So I’ll just call this guy . . . Jim. Jim is a nice guy, very southern accent, makes great BBQ, and makes references to smoking pot with every other sentence – pantomime and everything. His songs are decent, old school, and he’s older than you are. He somehow has illusions of getting his video on television. He has money, so we’re shooting him a video and an EPK. I got to go to the studio and participate in the video shoot. We were shooting footage of him recording in the studio. I was right on time, thank you very much. The talent was an hour late. Seriously?!?! If someone paid for me to do a recording session, you can bet your sweet ass I’d be fucking early.
31. The Green Goddess - Argosy 6 parts Jan 31, Feb 7, 14, 21, 28, Mar 7
While I’ve little interest in getting in the middle of the Obama birth issue, Paul Hollrah over at FSM did so yesterday and believes the issue can be resolved by Obama answering one simple question: What passport did he use when he was shuttling between New York , Jakarta , and Karachi ?
Full details and bookings see:
Evidently I'm not the ONLY one who feels this way, judging by what is being said in the comments of this post!
It's been so long since I wanted to give a try on macarons making
Hey Guys! We have our photoshoot on Wednesday so I am not gonna be posting until Friday unless I find time (which I probably wont!) So have a good week and wish us luck... it's gonna be a fantastic shoot!
With the splendid weather, I had expected the crowds to head for a picnic in one of the many parks, or to the beach to dip a toe in the sea and work on a tan. But once in town, it seemed everybody had crammed into the small medieval streets, which were spilling with people.
As the years passed though, and the more I saw and read about the disaster, that feeling of acute doom dispersed. It still feels eerie watching footage of the disaster but, and if you can forgive the term, my feelings towards Chernobyl have mutated. I've became immersed in the story and the mystery, and place of north Ukraine have become very much a long term interest. And that's what this post is really about. We can get wrapped up in the romance of Chernobyl and nuclear fallout, as if it's just some cosplay for people to dress up for at the weekends, but real people are still suffering from all this, 25 years on. For me, the illustration above would have an extra picture included about Armageddon at the top but other than that it's a true personal reflection. That doesn't mean I feel bad about that though, but one does sometimes need to step back and think about the realities of life.
Mr. Voss began his career as a tiny shop. Selling light bulbs to whoever came in with a Bible and a prayer in their heart.
Is there anything that Star Wars doesn’t touch? Methinks not. If I don’t get one of these for my next birthday I’m gonna pitch a fit. Check out these delectable Star Wars inspired cakes.
Three Cheese Semolina Bread
"IP Operations have been dramatically affected by the economic downturn and as a result, companies are reporting staff, professional personnel, outside services, and fee expenditure cuts. These are some of the findings revealed in Intellectual Property (IP) Law Department Operations and Metrics Benchmark Report, a survey conducted by ipPerformance Group, an intellectual property management advisory and benchmarking firm that conducts research on intellectual property operations best practices.
Enter: HDR Photography.
Mobile : 07873 174983
Unable to resist the temptation, Lee procured her services through the website which stated the girl’s age as 18 years old.
Bald Eagles are again being counted in strong numbers, strong enough that if the trend continues, 2011 may well be another banner or record-breaking year for them. Broad-winged Hawks are also starting to be seen in double-digits this week.
Jeff Andrews works flawlessly with an amazing balance of rustic, modern and classic elements to create spaces that embrace his client's personality and style. His spaces are warm and comfortable with layers of textures, forms and patterns that create an incredible and completely liveable ambiance.
Today I opened my weekly email from Babycenter.com, a quick few paragraphs to tell you if your perpetual teething machine is "normal". Rather it gives things to expect this week, developmental milestones, games to try, how your life as a woman is changing (as if I don't already know that I as a fun spontaneous person with a life outside the home has ceasted to exist).
7. What dates from 2009 will remain etched upon your memory, and why?
Doesn't that look lovely? I can bike down to the beach, take Mr. Mooney in my basket and get both of us some Rest & Relaxation!
Well. I finished half marathon #2. And I finished in under two hours. So Saturday was definitely a success! I wasn't so sure it was going to end up like that though.
I also had the opportunity to get to know a couple of my fellow Nashville food bloggers a little better, particularly Angela from Spinach Tiger (pictured below) and Lisa from Wine with Lisa. During the event we discovered that we all live in the same area, and that Angela and I actually live in the same neighborhood. It was great to meet you ladies, and I look forward to seeing you again soon!
As the month progresses, I'm planning on doing a little preview of what I'll be selling at my booth. For those of you who aren't here in Southern California, these items will be on my Etsy shop as well.
His fingers are fat as grubs
04. Blues In The Night (J. Mercer-H. Arlen) 3:32
The surf is up and beach days are among us! Show off your sexy swimsuit shape with
I mentioned a few posts ago how incredibly special our Thanksgiving was this year. The kids will never forget their weekend in Thibodaux with their cousins! There is nothing in the world like running around in the country with your best friends - there is room to roam, shout, climb, play, make a mess, and explore- and Luz and James enjoyed every minute of it (so did I). It was a total blessing that the Thanksgiving holiday worked out the way it did and that is why I will always cherish the memories.
But think about what it doesn’t tell you. It doesn’t tell you that Tim Beckham is the second-best prospect on the Rays. Rather, it tells you that in the opinion of the experts who comprise the sample, there’s rough consensus that he’s the second-best prospect. In reality, Beckham is 19 years old. He could get run over by a bus, or hit .100 at A-ball, or whatever and turn out to be one of the very worst players in the Rays’ organization.
In 1983, she appeared in the dramatic Television series “The Yellow Rose“, opposite Sam Elliott, but the show lasted just one season.
I need to start thinking about what I will do when I grow up. Christian school tuition is difficult and we have only 2 full time students.. I have something on the back burner but so far just thinking about it has caused me sleepless nights.
I have multiple grouse against the mobile phone, and shall systematically list them now for your kind consideration. Put your phone on the silent mode, and please pay attention – it may save your life.
Frank brings Eva home to meet his mother. She remarks that Eva is "an angel come down from heaven." Richie gets a visit from Child Social Services, as he's letting a stewardess out of his place in the morning. He goes to visit Joey Sodano (Richie Coster) and tells him that the woman from Social Services mentioned his association, due to his wife's complaints about his character. Richie asks Joe to deny he's his son's godfather if asked. Richie also asks Joe about Blue Magic. Joe tells him it's putting a lot of his guys out of work and that it's upsetting "the natural order of things."
Right, to get this out of my system first: The prospect of a new Chaos Codex fills me with equal parts of anticipation and dread. Why is that, you ask? Well, there’s much to consider. Let’s call it: the good, the bad and the (potentially) ugly:
Love from around the World,
We saw this in the SkyMall magazine on the airplane when we went to NYC. Turns out, the pet supply shop which is directly across the street from our house had it in stock for the same price. Last year the house was always full of flies because we left the screen door open for Georgie to go in and out. Not this year though. It's not as sturdy as Serge would like so he may add some screws into the corners. It's just a snap-together contraption.
Let’s invite the dwarfs and bring back John Lennon!
This one LOVES to be outside.
To answer that, we need to understand how we each define 'working." For many parents, this first step is a significant challenge. Unschooling is, in my mind, about learning for the sake of learning, with joy and passion, wherever it may lead. It is about the journey, not the destination; it is about the process, not the outcome. It does not have pre-defined goals in mind, and it is not "pass/fail"; it simply "is." For me, if these are fulfilled, then unschooling is working.
Reading: Yesterday’s Sun, Amanda Brooks (really interesting concept)
“It is true, you have killed my God, but remember he did not stay dead for long. You see, you think my God is weak, but how much stronger than you he must be, for he can lay down his life, and he can pick it up again. So shall he do it for me. I lay my life down for him, and he will it to life-eternal.”
Pumpkin Icing:
a torrent of terror
Deep blue sea
“Real isn’t how you are made,” said the Skin Horse. “It’s a thing that happens to you. When someone loves you for a long, long time, not just to play with, but REALLY loves you, then you become Real.”
Pour the liquid mixture into the flour/salt mixture and stir it up. At this point, the dough should be quite unwieldy and ragged, not something stiff enough to knead but definitely not pourable, either. Mix in a bit more water or flour if yours is not like this. Err on the side of more liquid rather than less as this helps with the rise. Cover with the lid.
Robot mode: FE 9, RID 5
Who cares?
If all the apostles had really seen their Master gloriously rise to heaven, how could it be possible that Matthew and John, who would have seen it as well as the others, passed in silence such a glorious mystery, and which was so advantageous to their Master, considering that they relate many other circumstances of His life and of His actions which are much less important than this one?
Well, the result was
As we approached the public comments part of the evening, elected officials were permitted to speak first. Among the officials to speak, all in opposition to the proposal were Assemblyman Jim Brennan. Assemblywman Joan Millman , Oscar Jones representing State Senator Velmanette Montgomery, City
Once we started the ball rolling with Lawyer, Dustin and I assumed roles for the battle whether we wanted them or not. The fact that Bear was within my blood family and the fact that Dustin and I were not married meant it was my name on papers vs Bio Mom. Lawyer thought it best to keep things simple.
"The ministry of police respects every judgment of the court, and when we are ordered to pay any victim who might have suffered as a result of alleged police brutality, or any other case, we do comply.
I think I will just keep it up in the attic. I’ll let my kids find it when I am gone, so they will be surprised by their dear old mom.
Location: JASMS (Jose Abad Santos Memorial School) classroom
She had a lovely day, and another one yesterday as we all went out for a meal in a restaurant. I hope she'll continue well and happy for a good while yet.
There were suggestions I come up with “alternative” names for my recipes, e.g. sweet loaf, veet loaf or maybe I could do what the big companies do and purposely misspell words like “chickn” or “wingz,” as if removing a vowel or changing a letter doesn’t make you think of an animal at all????
Not wanting anybody else near his hair with scissors was a particular problem while Paul was living with Mum, helping her care for my dad. With me living up north and them down in London, and my illness making travelling very tiring and difficult, I didn't get down there as often as I would have liked so his hair just didn't cut cut. I think I probably did it three times during those four years, the last time when I smartened him up for Grandad's funeral. When I arrived there that time, his hair was shoulder length and very scruffy. He'd also decided to grow a beard, so he looked more like Cat Stevens than the lad I knew.
Couple of pics from today's outing. Our wedding anniversary is actually yesterday, but we celebrate it today instead. I'm wearing my double Love bracelets today too :-)
~ As far as I could tell, I was the only dork running around with a clipboard furiously taking notes on the various wines I tasted. I guess everyone else's memory was better than mine. Or maybe they just didn't want to look like they were going to ask someone to take a survey.
So even for those of you who aren't talkers, this is a lesson we all need to learn. James tells us that the tongue "is a restless evil, full of deadly poison." (James 3:8) But we must control it, learn to restrain it when necessary, and glorify God with it. For that is why we were given tongues.
That's all Folks.
“The subject matter is usually without apparent religious significance. They are stories about farmers and judges and victims, about coins and sheep and prodigal sons, about wedding banquets, building barns and towers and going to war, a friend who wakes you in the middle of the night to ask for a loaf of bread, the courtesies of hospitality, crooks and beggars, fig trees and manure. The conversations that Jesus had as he walked on the Samaritan roads were with people who had a different idea of God than what Jesus was revealing, or maybe not much of an idea at all. This was either hostile or neutral country. Parables were Jesus’ primary language of choice to converse with these people, stories that didn’t use the name of God, stories that didn’t seem to be ‘religious’” (20-21).
We hope to get back on some kind of schedule soon and hope to visit with all of you soon. I haven't felt like picking up my camera much this month, even though the flowers have been blooming in the yard. The lilies started blooming last week, so a riot of different colored lilies will be coming soon. I'll try to get some more pictures to share with you.
friendship quotes
On a sad note, today we are saying goodbye to Lisa Vaughan who is stepping down from TEAM S.A.S. Lisa has been a wonderful team-mate and her cards were beautiful for each challenge. We wish her well in her new job and will miss her greatly. Here is her last card and as always, it is just gorgeous!
I have no idea who else is performing but I know it’ll be good! Come on down and share a martini with me.
I also bought 12 yards of a coarse black linen, which had a similar grainy texture to the dropcloths. I was able to come upon sales at Hancock Fabrics and Jo-Ann fabrics. I got 12 yards (for 72" x 16" black stripes at the bottom of each drape). At an average of 4.00 a yard, that was 48.00
How Far Along: 27 Weeks, 3 days
While the soft-hued garment deserves some of the credit, it's Kathleen Turner's volcanic presence that makes the outfit and the film as a whole erupt with a wanton kind of vitality. Easily putting herself in same league as Season Hubley (Vice Squad) and Donna Wilkes (Angel), Kathleen gives a career defining performance as China Blue/Joanna Crane. The amount of courage it took for her to straddle that guy during the policeman-hooker fantasy must have been off the charts. Mainstream actresses, specifically ones who like to work in Hollywood on a regular basis, don't usually appear in movies where they're called upon to dig their spiky stiletto heels into a man's legs (by the way, I loved the close-up shots of his bloody heel wounds) while simultaneously sodomizing the very same man with his store-bought police baton.
Now, my dear mothers, knowing of your divine role to bear and rear children and bring them back to Him, how will you accomplish this in the Lord’s way? I say the Lord’s way, because it is different from the world’s way.
Meditation will not automatically bring about a solution to this problem, the problem of the human heart and mind expressed as this insanity, but the psychological and intellectual reorientation of the relationship of the self to reality that comes about from the experience of meditation as described above, does develop our capacity for intelligence, empathy, compassion, love, kindness, wisdom and the peace it brings can strengthen and increase the degree of conscious freedom from conditioning the body-mind complex employs.
Didja miss me?
Even water's getting weaker,
Q: What celebrity gives you major lash envy?
In times like this, it can be hard for me to avoid lapsing into cynicism. Some people may refer to cynicism as "reality", but I remain convinced that there is just a staggering amount of beauty and good in the world. It's hard to see sometimes, because bad things seem to happen on such a macro scale while good and beautiful things are, well, more localized. So when we look out and around, the bad may seem to be omnipresent; it is only when we look closer, to our own families and friends or within ourselves, that we can begin to feel centered enough to see the beauty and goodness of the world.
Both of my kids (Emily who is almost 8 and Aiden who is 4) have played with the kitchen everyday since I put it together.
It was a 72 card set, with each league having 36 cards. The National League cards, as seen here, have red backgrounds, while the American League had blue.
archaic pop guddled by a new generation.
And we don't recall at all!
As this contains salt (which I try to avoid due to acne) I bought this to use as an under eye concealer.
Fuzzy Nation is basically an environmentalist novel. It is a “reboot” of a science fiction novel from the sixties by H. Beam Piper entitled Little Fuzzy, and takes the spirit and basic idea of discovering of a borderline sentient group of adorable little creatures and makes a basically entirely new story from it. Most of the characters are different, and only Holloway’s name is the same, but the important part is in tact. Enormous corporations like ZaraCorp have one obligation: make a lot of money. When a race like the fuzzies are discovered, their only course of action is to try to disprove their sentience so that it doesn’t affect their bottom line. It isn’t all that far off from the spin given to the general population on reasoning why oil companies should be allowed to drill in nature reserves.
The force of faith is released by words. Faith-filled words put the law of the Spirit of life into operation Joel Osteen said; “There is power in the word of God. But you’ve got to speak it out….one of the primary ways we release our faith is through our words. There is a divine connection between you declaring God’s favor and seeing God’s favor manifested in your life. Some of you are doing your best to please the Lord. You are living a holy consecrated life, but you’re not really experiencing God’s supernatural favor. And it’s simply because you’re not declaring it. You’ve got to give life to your faith by speaking it out.”
April 19, 2012..how is that possible? I was just packing for Artfest a few days ago! These photos are of our home away from home at Fort Worden, The Madrona 277~! We had a huge amount of space, a fantastic view and best of all is that it was a wonderful place to meet friends and make new ones! Prior to Artfest several of us met in Seattle to become real life friends, not just facebook/skype friends. Carlanda Brown Williamson came from Boulder City, NV, Jodi Kincaid from the Portland, OR area, Lyn (Livvie)
The flavors come together with a correct balance of seasonings. (Your tastebus will tell you if more seasonings are needed.)
The cake was quite heavy, but not in a bad sense, just super chocolatey, rich and moist. I used 74% cocoa Lidl chocolate, which I thought worked really well, and roughly based my main icing on the Hummingbird Bakery's chocolate buttercream. I made a raspberry buttercream (just ordinary buttercream with some sieved raspberries) to sandwich together the layers. It added a great contrasting colour as well as a slightly tart flavour to cut through the rich chocolate.
He’s the one in black playing bass guitar, see him up-close from 1:52-1:58 and 3:36-3:43 of the clip.
View of Tremont Street, Boston, Mass. / Tremont Street, one of the main thoroughfares of Boston, is both picturesque and historic with the beautiful Boston Commons, Kings Chapel and Old Park Street Church. Postcard Message:
We come once again to the time of the Eucharist. At my church, we remember/celebrate this act once a month. Usually it’s the first Sunday, but since next Sunday, there is no service. We are canceling our Sunday service to go out as the Body of Christ and extend our faith in Our Lord Jesus Christ.
Like magic stripes that fill the sky
"And be exalted to live with Heavenly Father."
1. Where has “must-see” TV gone?
So now I own three (3) breast pumps. And yet, I really want to wean myself from it, so I think it’s time to get started with that.
I can’t tell you how many hours I’ve spent trudging through pastures this summer already collecting data and taking measurements. The great thing about forage agronomy research though is that I get to combine two things that I’m passionate about, cattle and forage. In no other area of agricultural research that I know of is their such an ability to interface these two things.
41 Convert this square into a Movie clip symbol, call it start screen and click OK. The registration point for this one isn’t important.
Do you really want spoilers? I'll tell you this. We'll be going "down in the meat." It's going to be vast, bloody, and beautiful.
Because of her sacrificial life and because of her example of Christian faith, my mother is my hero. She’s beyond incredible. Oh, and she’s a diehard Republican and dues-paying member of the National Federation of Republican Women. What an example and trusted friend and wise counselor my mother has been throughout my life.
The Top Three as chosen by TEAM S.A.S. are as follows (in no particular order):
1209 ***D-IV/25/1995. “The Needs of a Free People: Reflections on the Oklahoma City Bombing.” First Amendment Course, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1995(4), above, pp. 198-206, in Item B-8, above pp. 73-84 (1997), and in Item B-11, above, pp. 97-108 (1999).)
Baby, please come back, I can’t breathe without you.
But here comes the crux of the matter, the part very seldom, if ever mentioned anywhere. "Emeritus professor David Welsh provides another perspective in his excellent and newly published book The Rise and Fall of Apartheid. He identifies the immediate cause of the tragedy as two simultaneous events: firstly, a scuffle at the fence gate when security police officer Att Spengler opened it to let a member of the crowd in and some of the people at the gate entered with him, possibly because they were pushed from behind; and, secondly, the arrival at scene of Geelbooi, a common law criminal who was drunk and armed with a handgun, and who, thinking he had spotted a policeman who had maltreated him, fired two shots in the air."
I've had more fun with this rug than any I've done in quite awhile. I really wanted to put this one to bed because I'm starting Deanne Fitzpatrick's on line class next week. I'm very excited to take a class from Deanne, and hoping that her wonderful instruction will help me on my hooking journey to being more free with my designs, textures, and colors.
There was an awkward silence, and then reluctantly she said, “Okay.”
Now, put all of those things together and you will find yourself listening to Wasting Light live. And that’s exactly what you can do thanks to the video taken from 606.
no way
Congress is debating the reappointment of Ben Bernanke, an acolyte of Alan Greenspan, the previous Chairman. Both are equally to blame for not putting the brakes on the cheap credit that led, in part, to the lending and borrowing spree that got us to this point. They had a lot of help, though, from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
I think I read about these sweat shields on Already Pretty -- Sally's my go-to source for these kind of things -- and they really kept Cathy feeling confident and comfortable. Who wants visible sweat stains at an event like this?
I got 2" wide drapery rings with clips at Target on clearance for 6.00 each (7 rings per pack). The total for the rings was 72.00.
Well…..let’s put it this way….I know when you first existed in the world. I know why you LACK COLOR and call yourselves “white.” I know that ALL of your WHITE HISTORY IS A LIE! I know that Leonoard Da Vinci and all your other “white” historical figures are all fake false lies and have never ever existed. I know that you are NOT in the Bible Scriptures and why. I know exactly why your “white” race is dying like flies. I know why you invented the lie of December 21, 2012 as being the end of the world, as it is the actual END OF YOUR WHITE WORLD! I know a lot. You see…..I AM THAT I AM and I have made myself known. YOU KNOW JUST WHO I AM. And guess what else you whom like to call yourselves “white?” YOU ARE NOW BEING JUDGED!
They also tell us that this device had the magical property of being undetectable in airport security, not realizing that raises the question of why, then, are we still going through all of than invasive and inconvenient nonsense before being allowed to get on a furshlugginer airplane?
Yolanda extended the offer to allow us to pay full price for the dining plan. She began to plug numbers so I told her that I had already booked us a reservation with the Free Dining promotion offered to the public. She decided to compare the prices for us with using the cast member 40% off room discount and paying for the dining plan, to the Free Dining promotion. We were saving about $400 going with the Free Dining promotion over the room discount so we stuck with what we had. Yolanda cancelled our cast member discount reservation for us. She also downgraded our room back to a standard view at Caribbean Beach Resort so we could get the difference that we had to pay to upgrade in order to have Free Dining. This was much appreciated because the Pirate Room did not appeal to me for many reasons. Yolanda took my room location request (Jamaica) and she also told me that she put us down for an upgrade at no charge if one is available upon check in. Whether this means an upgrade to a preferred location or a... deluxe resort... I'd be satisfied. This was very nice of her to do this.
This girl has her views that are unique to say the least. You better not disagree though! She’ll post photos of you and call you wretched things if you do so. She’ll speak down to you for the stupidest things. Don’t speak the Queen’s English (which I must add she does not use half the things correctly, she’s from Pittsburgh and my best friend speaks the Queen’s English, and finds it rather annoying that she does it so wrong! ) she will freak out. If you correct her, she will freak out. If you don’t like something she likes, she will freak out. She calls everyone fat and ugly. Which on a forum where a lot of eating disordered people read, that’s fucked up.
One can only imagine my face when I opened my mailed yesterday to find out that Isabella was a cover page in the " Doll Crafter & Costuming Magazine" September 2010 Issue. Of course I new that she was going to be published but I did NOT know that it was a 5 page article with the cover page. Honestly, I almost flipped out of my chair!!!!WOW!!!
So…One Way signs – please jump up and down at me if I try to drive the wrong way. Wrong Way signs – wave your arms or something. I can’t get pulled over again – my Evil Heart can’t take the poundings induced by activities other than running!
I think the image is a coloring page
Haven't been up to much for the last 10 days . DH was down with another flare-up so I just sat and played with some yarn and my crochet hook ..... and read a couple of books ! Thank heavens DH went back to work on Thursday so I could get some housework done ....... though having the son's cocker pup during the day makes it almost impossible to get everything I would like to get done ... done ! LOL !
In most of the country, “progressive” activists are known for their defenses of civil liberties and their (sometimes reflexive and overheated) criticism of alleged police and/or prosecutorial misconduct. This record often has led to “progressives” being attacked as soft on crime. But there is, also, an intellectual consistency in their positions on such matters that deserves acknowledgement.
“Someone was watching us, I could feel it!” I quivered with fear and scooted further away from the windows. What if the treasure person had a rifle?
He was working at the Gardens/Zoo until some dumb cluck protested & he lost his job under the ‘Carter Administration’ .Local Government under Brad Carter
The whole flock is looking forward to this Saturday’s Salsa festivities. We chickens have developed a fondness for those spicy Doritos that you all serve with hot sauce! Yummy! These things are even crunchier than deep fried crickets, which are quite a delicacy! Crickets are best served with a sweet, rather than hot sauce; just in case you ever try them. Crickets come highly recommended!
Wilson Phillips is an American Pop Trio consisting of singers Chynna Phillips, and sisters Wendy and Carnie Wilson.
However, the manager only led the England team at one international tournament where they failed to make it to the quarter finals.
6. Do not purchase hair color that comes in a box.
I'm working on tallying up my travel expenses and book sales, printing costs and office supplies over the past year. I have a hobby/vocation that supports itself at about a break-even level, but that does take the pressure off of Keith to pay for me to help other people unschool (as he has done several years in the past).
Stewart Weaver, professor of history and department chair at the University, and Maurice Isserman, who received his doctorate in history from the University in 1979 and is a professor of history at Hamilton College in Clinton, are co-authors of this first comprehensive history of Himalayan mountaineering written by professional historians.
We try the same methods of changing – and don’t realise that Jesus is right there beside us. He’s willing to help but won’t ‘butt in’ without invitation.
I wrote this post to the glorious Shine with Unschooling community this morning, and in honor of my Jake's 20th birthday (and inspired by my friend, Poppy Jen's, blog sharings...), I wanted to post it here with photos.
Yesterday morning, we finished up our coloring books about the parable of the prodigal son. As the last crayon strokes were being applied, I asked Beanie and Bugaboo what they thought made the father in the story so happy. Both of them replied the father had thought his younger son was dead, but when he showed up alive, he was so happy he threw a huge party to celebrate. Their wee brows furrowed as I explained to them the father was certainly relieved to see his younger son safely home, but his real joy was in the young man’s loving repentance, and realization that his pursuit of all earthly delights had led him to ruin. The father, I went on to explain, was wild with joy that his son had returned with a wish to work hard and live uprightly.
Paired with Terlato Family Vineyards Chardonnay, Russian River Valley, 2008
Who's knows, may your daughter or son will take one
Wouldn’t you want to know?
One pkg each of: 2mm, 3mm, 4mm Orange flatback Rhinestones
Until a building is finished the workers and their families are living in it. For security reasons the children hardly ever leave the construction site.
06/05 – Los Angeles, CA @ The Roxy
A brief pause in the conversation while she absorbs this information...
August 8, 2011
History tells that Thomas was tortured and killed in India. Many of the early Christians were thrown to lions to be killed and eaten. The story goes on how they suffered for their faith. Throughout history millions have died for their faith in the Christ.
Sweets and chocolates
Footprints, that perhaps another,
Avoid fidgeting or biting nails
And so, I am remembering that special day with this bouquet of flowers table mat that I created. The center area is hand needle felted and includes a variety of color tones for the flowers, with pink as the base. The leaves feature four different green shades which details the shading, veins and subtle effects of leaves, just like in nature. The inside of the scallops each have a pearl flower button with a teeny pastel pink button on top. The whole piece was blanket stitched to a wool backing with a pink crochet thread. It's a beautiful piece that only took a couple of hours to design and make. Making these types of table mats is really fun and easy to accomplish. Just keep in mind the delicate beauty of a flower in bloom and watch it grow from there!
I wanted to ask a member of staff if he was supposed to be doing that, but he looked harmless enough… Something like a mental patient on day release. I then saw an actual bearded lady in Tesco rifling through the discounted shelf.
So we’re going back in time, to yesterday’s dinner, so I can share with you the wonderful food of Taqueria Tsunami.
I have no idea. Like I said, I was never exactly rolling in money, doing what I do, but there has definitely been a drop-off in revenue streams for artists like me.
Personally, if a photograph touches me, that is the first criterion!
Featuring special guest Wild Fire Willie.
Geometry is one of my favorite units because the kids love it so much. The geometry math station ideas in chapter 7 inspired me to stretch my thinking a bit more in this area though and provide some activities that get the kinders thinking more about shapes and their attributes. I love the Guess my Shape activities described and think the kids will enjoy them quite a bit. Generally, my geometry activities included pattern block puzzles, sorting by attributes, and making shapes with blocks, geoboards, or shape stamps. The kids always like to use the geoboards. I have not included math talk cards or activity cards with this in the past though...a goal for next year to be sure.
Luke: But, father, you'll die.
my love, when I am gone.
The next night more came to hear the young preacher, and the fire quickly spread to other churches. In the next thirty days, 37,000 people came forward to repent of their sins and receive Jesus. Within five months, 100,000 responded!
It would have been a long slow trot to Ritchie in White City had it not been for Jack the Peg pulling up lame halfway and waving John and I on ahead saying he'd catch us on the return run down to collect his bags. John and I rushed off, made the call and met Ritchie without any fuck around. Sorted we headed back down to where we'd left Jack and dropped him his bags off. Now John had his little gain safely in his pocket he couldn't give a shit about Jack any more, or get away fast enough.
MarIssa has been moved from icu to the 8th floor! She is currently sleeping super deep :)
the New York Times (6/8/10) dutifully relayed Secretary of State
“I’m only going to ask you this once, and I need you to be straight with me, did you have something to do with this?”
"Somebody said 'Stop, police', then shooting, tat tat tat tat," said the man, who did not want to be identified.
It was spring of 1958, and although the weather was warming up, it was a sad season for Brooklyn — the first without its beloved Dodgers, who had decamped for Los Angeles the year before (the same year the New York Giants baseball team left for San Fran).
and how good it feels to trust Him for all our needs.
Melt the butter in a saute pan or fry pan over medium-high heat (about 1-2 minutes). Continue cooking until browned and giving off a nutty aroma, about 3-4 more minutes. Transfer to large bowl to cool.
We believe in transparency. When you come into our shop, you'll see our butchers breaking down a lamb carcass, or cutting apart a loin of beef. Nothing is hidden, because we have nothing to hide. We also believe butchery is an important (and dying) trade, so we offer butchery classes for beginners to professionals. Ever bought meat at the Meat Hook in Williamsburg? Tom Mylan, who runs that shop, trained and apprenticed with us. (Not only that, but he gets his meat from us. So if you've shopped there, you're already a Fleisher's customer.)
....the role of Facebook is not limited to news updates. The protesters on Rothschild Boulevard hold meetings where everyone can have a say. On Facebook, one status update can provoke a flood of responses and turn into a heated public debate.
after all, do they need all this scary, oppressive brutalist architecture if they have already suppressed all human emotion? Wouldn't the effect be more or less lost on the helpless slaves of Libria? If there were really a way of completely suppressing emotions without compromising cognition, the people would anyway be immune to the psychological effects, the kind of visual tricks so beloved of Nazi and Communist leaders.
Thousands of African migrant workers have reportedly been detained illegally. According to the BBC, evidence suggests that some of the former rebels “engaged in a violent campaign of abuse and intimidation against the black immigrant community in Tripoli” immediately following Gaddafi’s death.
I love watching the sunset from my kitchen windows.
-The number 1 Ladie's Detective Agency, which led to one of our favorite books to look at together called 1000 Families
Wholesome White
Symbolism
Congressional race
If you are ready to start planning for your retirement, then finding the best retirement planning software will be an absolutely essential part of your goals. Without this, it will be very difficult to map out a proven course to follow. Therefore, invest in a good software program, and watch yourself reaching your financial goals faster than you ever thought possible.
‘If I told you once, I’ve told you a million times. Don’t
KG Is there anything else you would like our reader to know about you?
When tightrope day comes, your cold, stiff corpses will be swaying gently in the wind - not because we are blood-thirsty lunatics, but because you’ve designated yourselves to be the eager, willing assistants of a murderous genocide. As the lynch mob hauls your kicking, spasmodic carcasses up on that tree branch, you will hear the voices of a thousand victims of rape and murder sighing a collective sight of relief. For it is your wilful denials and execrable obfuscations that is lubricating this relentless urban & rural terrorism. It is your cynical lies and propaganda which is aiding and abetting the destruction of innocent lives. Your hands are stained with the blood of victims - it is their memory you wilfully defile, and for this, you will pay, one day.
I bought these boxes last year from Micheal's. I painted them with acrylic paint and then I was thinking of decorated the boxes after the paint dried. I played around with it but I didn't like the plain looking boxes so I covered them with pattern paper before I decorated them.
~Ecclesiastes 3:11
Never surrender to those who hate you.
(905) 335-3663, (905) 842-3014, (905) 878-8451
Many people have asked me for an inventory list of the food that I have in my food storage. I made a PDF document but wasn't sure how to post it here. I think I figured it out and you should be able to access it through this link: Food Storage Inventory or if that doesn't work try this Google Docs one: Food Storage Inventory.
It’s Rock Week and KISS is in the house. The guys of the Troupe in KISS makeup dancing the opening number were a little too weird for me. But the judges with 11 paddles was awesome!
08. 25 or 6 to 4 10:14
the rain that fell after Sarah sang Rain Down;
And looks absolutely darn right fantastic.
Cashed out again from Churp Churp today and now waiting for the payout cheque to arrive. This is my second round of earning from Churp Churp. I was really lucky to be selected for a series of HP avertisement which ran for 10 consecutive days; ie social seeding in my Twitter Account, Peteformation. All the tweet was prewritten by the company for me, so I just have to approve them. Wow! this is what I call 'Passive Income'. The tweets are automated and payment made to my account in Churp Churp as I sleep! ha ha ha! LOL!
Assistant Solicitor Anne Williams of the Ninth Circuit Solicitor’s Special Victims Unit said the maximum sentence would have been 30 years because of the “Doscher was only subject to the sentencing ranges in law at the time of the offenses,” said Assistant Solicitor Anne Williams. “Because the crimes occurred 10 years ago, the maximum time he could have been sentenced to on the most serious charge was up to 30 years.”
8. Stop dirty politics
“But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed.”
We have an added reason for this confidence. It is not based merely on the Word of God but by the experience, the revelation of this hope. Paul went to heaven and was an eyewitness of the blessed hope. We see this in 2 Corinthians 12:2-4 as he relates his experience:
In fact, they don’t want to hear anything from the engaged parents (like them) who live on the wrong side of the tracks. Or the engaged parents (like them) who live south of I-20.
I had hoped to have my photo taken next to Smeaton's Tower, but workmen were putting the scaffolding up for its annual clean. Perhaps that's why the day felt so wrong - the image I had in mind wasn't possible.
Here is the finished product:
I love this entry in the 2011 Golden Sponge-stick Writing Competition by 12 year old Anna from Stamford High School. It is so descriptive and dramatic. It puts you right there during the eruption of Mount Vesuvius. Bene fecisti, Anna!
Did nothing there but catch up on alot of sleep. I finally signed up for a data plan ( ya la so outdated of me right, now then have data plan!) so I can be more active when Im on homeground. Oh & I just reread my entries and realised that I've got tons of typo errors & what nots but I just cant find it in me to edit it. I guess the best way is for me to vet my entries before I publish? But aiyah so troublesome la! Im like a instant gratification kind of person (hence my weakness in resisting impulse purchases) so I just type, publish & go.
while
When I moved to this country 8 years ago, I was happy about my anonymity... not that I was famous ever. But the feeling that nobody knew who I was, made me feel good about myself.
I do drougs…
Q030) If you were to take RAY Magazine around Korea, where would you take us?
Kravitz
Malema was speaking at a gala dinner in Nelspruit on Friday.
One of the beauties of social media is that everybody (who has an account!) has a voice. We of course learn every day from others in our field, but we also recognize that we operate in a relatively small world of multimedia journalists.
This is amazing.. you have a chance to win a Ribbon Carousel (90.00 value) a gift card also from them, plus 3 stamp sets from The Alley Way Stamps! :) all you have to do is comment!! so go check it out!
This has to be one of the biggest cards I've ever made and probably the first square card I've made as well. I'm pleased with the way my layout translated into card form. Only thing that would have made it better? Actual stitching instead of faux stitching. My pink thread is disastrously low and I wouldn't have had enough to make it around the shape. :(
My second call to Ms. John at that press conference was to publish the UDeCOTT accounts without further delay. As I put it – ‘Ms. John, if you want to be noted for integrity and transparency, you must publish the UDeCOTT accounts without delay. UDeCOTT has published no audited accounts since the end of 2006 and I was pleased to see the Ms. John’s positive response to those calls. See – http://www.caribdaily.com/article/268401/john-udecott-will-publish-accounts/.
PB: Thank you for clearing that up.
First, one must have faith, which is “a free gift from God to be welcomed with humility.”
However, it really doesn't like me. Headaches and bloating always seem to follow a take-out meal from a Chinese food joint. And sometimes it all starts during the meal (ever need to loosen your pants during a meal even though your portions are small? Yeah. That kind of bloating.). Then, of course, there's the problem of being hungry again about an hour later. So why was this style of fast food the hardest for us to give up?
“Utusan Malaysia published false news that I was anti-Malay and anti-Islam and that I demolished Malay kampungs. That is false news. I brought the defamation suit against Utusan Malaysia and won RM250,000 but why isn’t there action against the paper under Section 8A?
But there is a counterargument. A disciplined borrower can choose the 30-year loan and invest the difference in payment between the 30- and the 15-year loans, in that way offsetting the higher interest rate on the 30-year loan. Some financial planners recommend this approach to their clients as part of a program to build wealth faster.
-Bill Richardson was a major disappointment. He seemed largely ill-prepared. When he did give confident answers, he came off as naïve and simplistic. Definitely not presidential.
-Blend the butter at room temperature till smooth.
Family and friends are the most important things in the world. Time alone to think and deliberate are the most important things in the world. Without a recognition of these axioms I would not be where I am today and who knows what other things that matter would be different. Once I was in a place where I had all I could take. I went for a 4 day motorcycle ride alone. Life changes when you change. Life isn't about everyone that around you. Life is about YOU first, then everything fits. Kind of like a puzzle, nothing fits no matter how hard you try until you are able to align your edges. Aligning my edges helped me to understand me a little better.
I was thinking of that part in The Bell Jar as she's about to ski down the hill, and the thought of suicide comes into her mind, as if on its own. It's this living thing, the thought. Yes, I could do it. And then, as she skis, she feels an exhilarating sense of happiness. Within a brief span of moments. It is like that.
Ghosts of the Never Were
The book’s intensity kept me riveted. I had never heard first-hand the struggles of a gay man or the peer pressures of a community trying to replace his family and to encourage this lifestyle. Christopher’s experiences left me breathless, mouth wide open, and wondering how would you reach someone so adamantly gay? What reminded me of Abby Johnson’s story was this paragraph:
Also noteworthy, however, is the fact that healing isn't always contingent upon one's own faith. Scripture, while maintaining the relationship between faith and healing, also gives reference to faith healing other people.
A total of 262 SAPS members would be posted at the 8 ports of entry between Lesotho and South Africa: namely at Monontsha Pass/Tseki; Caledonspoort/Fouriesbrug: Peka Bridge/Ficksburg; Maseru Bridge/Ladybrand; Sephapus Gate/Wepener.
Next might not be for everyone, I know many of you might feel it a bit of a crime to distress those lovely designer papers, but sometimes a girl has got to do what a girl has got to do! Don't judge me too harshly!
Grilled Wings - June 8
And this is now!!!!!! Still have all the landscaping and the porch ceiling to finish, but I couldn't be happier with how it turned out. Best of all, with the new porch and gutters, no more wet basement despite all the rain we have had!
Cross the desert on a camel,
Ap
This place is awe-inspiring, beautiful, majestic and was thankfully rain-free, which made our trip to this unique site all the more remarkable.
Oh yes, and do back up your computer. Religiously. Don't keep putting it off like I did, because shit WILL happen.
Both Schuurs and Deng claim that Concord maintains a good relationship with the local community. The locals however complain about lack of employment opportunities and Concord’s preference for migrant labourers from Southern Africa. According to Schuurs, the company employs 15 to 20 local people as casual laborers and nine permanent staff.
Ok, this is pure spite, because I failed miserably with it. Still, it is not all that.
The carapace.
6″ textured gray reflector with pull chain power switch
Monday - Taco chicken bowls with rice, chips, and green beans
"Tomorrow, at dawn," I replied. "Wish me luck?"
One of the reasons why I approached this query letter a little differently than previous discussions was to show blog readers that a variety of approaches in a pitch blurb can work.
of a little place down by the lake
And then there is the Paseo del Prado, leading from the town entrance to the Malecón – the seaside promenade around the bay – which after sundown is a popular spot for lovers’ trysts. Above the normally calm waters of Cienfuegos bay, the fortress of Our Lady of the Angels, erected for protection against Caribbean pirates, stands guard over the city.
Bob Dylan - guitar, keyboard, harp
The City and Port Authority claim that aviation safety demands the birds be killed, but ignore the very fact that cities worldwide deal with the problem of birds near airports without exterminating them. The problem of birds colliding with engines is real, but can be dealt with by employing a range of methods, including radar detection, currently not in use in NYC’s airports.
I have had friends … Killed in a Car wreck…. Coming home from a church service on a Sunday night… Who loved God and walked to the best of their ability to serve a faithful God…
The government already have sport taking up our free thinking time and now they want us to spend what’s left of our time chasing one product through many companies, please tell me you can see this...
The main aim during the design of the Cayman R was to improve the two-seater even further in its performance, driving dynamics and agility through consistent weight reduction. With a DIN unladen weight of just 1,295 kilograms (2855 lb) the Porsche engineers were able to reduce the power-to-weight ratio of the coupe with standard manual gearbox to 3.9 kilograms (8.6 lb) per horsepower, with the PDK version weighing 4.0 kilograms (8.8 lb) per horsepower. The largest savings were achieved through the use of lightweight components and doing without convenience equipment. As for the 911 GT3/GT3 RS and Boxster Spyder, an optional lithium-ion lightweight construction battery is also available. In addition, the top model in the mid-engine coupe is equipped with the lightest 19 inch wheels the entire Porsche range can offer. The complete rim set weighs less than 40 kilograms.
The door slowly swings open to reveal a dishevelled looking man sitting on the toilet.
1/4 cup hot fudge topping, unheated, straight from the jar
Last week I had a most interesting Writing Day at East Ardsley Primary School, working on writing on the theme of Ancient Egypt. Many thanks to everyone involved, especially the children.
Her memorial is tomorrow. My brothers, daughter and sisters- in -law have gathered beside me at my mother's old home in Williamsburg to make arrangments. We have put right her house, sorted photos, written and cooked a good deal of food. I have done everything but paint.
BOSTON (CBS) — The sudden passing of former NFL great Junior Seau on Wednesday shocked the sports world.
Black Tiles/Boom by Wild Flag
Spicas! Love me some spica. :)
So, it's all about balance. Find your happy place. Don't give in to one thing or another: embrace your inner geek, but don't forget about the history of people putting pen to paper and making magic. Oh, and file some of those emails... geez.
Yet German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble acknowledged "the price would be very high" if Greece left the euro, both for the country and for the broader euro zone. Actually, it's an utter disaster any way you look at it. The system won't work. Greece will go and then the next weakest member will succumb to the markets as well. Spain? Italy? Who knows. It's not as if the European economies are picking up or anything. And Berlin doesn't look in the mood to serve as lender as last resort in any case. Things need to continue to shake out on their own and that will put further strain on the grandest plans of Eurozone planners in Brussels. It's an amazing time to be watching this. And don't forget: The collapse of Europe casts fresh aspersion on the progressive left's statist project here at home. That's why President Obama told Hollande not to fulfill his campaign pledges to soak the rich and stroke the public workers unions. If France falls further, the socialist brand will bear the brunt of popular recrimination.
The dagger ended Josh’s pain; maybe it’ll end mine too. Sitting on the limo’s floor, I try to subdue the shakes by propping my feet against the opposite seat. I pull up my sleeve. My forearm illustrates my story of attacks. It’s hard to find a space free of transversal cuts. The one close to my wrist tempts me, but I can’t afford to bleed to death. Not yet.
a repeated pattern is psychological anyway
I didn’t call my former lovers to tell them I had it, for everyone said “no big deal.” I do, however, tell any new lover as soon as possible. I start that STD/STI talk up front now, even though HSV1 isn’t considered an STI by most of society. I still tell them now…if for no other reason than to open up that conversation because I no longer trust people to tell me if they have something on their own.
I’m having fun with Instagram – and, to date, all of the photos in the Camera47 feed are from the cell phone camera.
“Everything LESS EXOTIC I know too much about so there’s no point of researching it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!”
DAY 1 – FACTS
I got to a box of old cookbooks and started to label them, when I realized it was a ton of cookbooks I had won at a silent auction. I put them in my parents laundry room when I was living with them – and suddenly, I was moving into an apartment, working full-time, planning a wedding and getting married. They never made the move with me…
“I should go,” she said.
At the risk of you thinking I’m completely gross and downright weird, I’ve now been using it as…. chapstick!
Dawn, how do you get those pics of your kids like the one with Brooklyn and the cheese? Do you keep your camera in your pocket or something? :)
So: If you remove permanence from the definition of marriage, you destroy the incentive structure that permits division of labor. Absent division of labor, marriage lacks any economic justification. Sooner or later, whether they realize it or not, people stop doing things that aren’t rewarded.
I’ve recently embarked on a fabulous new journey (job wise) and have been bombarded with spanking new learning curves and have been generally settling into a new work culture.
No, I am not too old school. I do own a cell phone and my husband has an iphone. I enjoy poking around on his phone from time to time but I have no need for one myself. I have no need to keep touching my phone every five minutes while my son or daughter is playing hockey. I have many friends with smartphones and we are quite able to have a conversation without them checking their phone every five minutes.
That we're all a bit crazy, and that's totally okay.
I could spend (and probably will during my drosh) some time unpacking this statement. But for right now let’s leave it with the reality that without revelation we cast off restraint – we indulge our own selfish will – and we do that at a serious risk to our spiritual lives.
“Do you make it a habit of driving through police scenes like that?” I asked him.
I love it here.
The key is concentration and compartmentalization.
Kakumiro Health Centre used to have a double cabin as the official ambulance but it has since broken down and sits rotting right in front of the facility. So emergency cases are either whisked onto the backs of trucks or hire cars at exorbitant fees of up to $150, not affordable by the poor locals.
Fast-forward one year and Tom and I were back on the road to spend our first wedding anniversary (and 5th anniversary of being together) in Wilmington where we had gotten married. Our marital status was different but so was our “dietary status;” we had been vegetarians for 3 months and were working on transitioning to Vegans.
Prices start from £3.50 per game
I know he will have a cold this week so I prepare.
Anyway, without boring you any further - I am using this lil' minx called Mistloetoe on my card. She was fun to colour, let me tell you that (and I did the combo of Copics, Spectrum Noirs & Flexmarkers as seems to be my latest thing, lol). Once again I used purples and blues for desaturating colours in skin shadows.
Here is a very nice compilation of 10 classic 60s TV themes, in super stereo sound!
But they are known to be right irritating and can cause the scalp to turn into inflamed and extremely itchy. These openings as well has a function of excretion. Treatment of head lice that you should do much to prevent further spread of nits for the alternative family members. They are chemically-based poisons and should be used (if thats what you want) when you are assured there are bugs you find. It is believed by a number of authors as the most common infectious disease in schools, after respiratory infections.
As a friend has since put it: “Most people would simply opt for conventional gender reassignment, but you? You have to be different. I mean the man-boobs were bad enough, but how the hell did you manage to get yourself pregnant?”
3 demonstrate
9) Weapons manufacturers are trying to sell more guns domestically to maintain their production levels, now that the war in Iraq is over.
This had the perfect amount of steamy scenes in it; nothing can ruin a book faster than too much steam and not enough story. The Audra and Paul situation I was both expecting at all, how they came together and it worked out, even though at the end now things are rather complicated and I am interested to see what happens in the nest installment between the two of them. Darren started off so seemingly nice and gentlemanly but his true colours certainly showed through by the end, I hope Audra finds a way out of her ties with him, he is nothing but bad news. I just really enjoyed reading this book, it’s one of those reads that instantly captures you and leaves you wanting more, at least that is what it did for me. I can’t wait to see what happens next!
2010 Ebor at York.
I did it, I finally caved and made Cinnamon Roll Pancakes. I have seen these all over different blogs. I do not know where it originated, but whoever came up with it is genius!! It really was only a matter of time before I tried these. Pancakes are a big hit at our house, and my 6 year old can barely go a day without something cinnamon. I knew these would be a huge hit, and they were! I made these for the first weekend that my husband was gone. I figured we had made it through 7 days alone, we deserved a special treat!
The marine, a young woman with fear in her eyes, nodded and ran out to fulfill her orders, training taking over her fears.
Yes, immigration is an overwhelming experience, and I can honestly say
Now, do I really need to say that on every post?
The final, and biggest change (for me, anyway) is that I started my own business. I am now a full-on Mary Kay Independent Beauty Consultant! It's an exciting change for me for many reasons, but the main reason for me is that I now am able to supplement my family's income while still being able to be at home with Little Man and being able to be available in case Little Miss and Big Guy need me. There's also the fact that I'm having a blast. I love skin care and makeup, so this is right up my ally!
Don't roll up when they're playing my song
As of last week, police reported he was speaking a bit and could squeeze his hand when asked.
The fifty speakers included some crackers: sweating Brits in loud ties, hilarious moustache styles from Jafar to Stalin, a US State Department man with Bill Gates’ voice, a cynical-eyed International Energy Agency leader in scarlet, an icy Gazprom man who held the podium with a featherlight killer’s grip, and even a Turkmen who deployed Borat syntax and a sinister gothic Powerpoint. The host stressed the need to ‘attract the younger generation’ to gas with a picture of a sexy young lady and a nozzle. Every now and then an American would joke about their continent’s ridiculously low (and charmingly named) Henry Hub gas prices: ‘We wish this winter had been colder!’ and everyone white would laugh. And, amidst the garish chandeliers, the Taj’s food was solidly good—we did some serious gas guzzlin’!
Be aware that owing a mobile home will mean that some things will be different like financing, insurance, and repairs. Also, the industry professionals that help mobile home owners is a smaller pool than other professionals. Such as insurance agents. Not all insurance agents write mobile home insurance. You will be in specific category if you end up buying a mobile home.
Sarah rolled over the dune that the guerillas hid behind. The guerillas hammered the UGV with bullets which did nothing. Sarah's machine gun swiveled mechanically from one target to the other spraying bullets. Both guerillas fell over with multiple bullet wounds.
Having said that, I shall also tell you how randomly we chose to make these chola falis. I asked her to be taught some traditional fare that she makes at home for trying and sharing in my blog.
Luckily for me my mother in law came around to help with the little ones. I am very fortunate to have a mother in law that I get along with. It made my day so much easier, not having to worry about the younger two.
Must – Be – Organized
We tested in two modes: Very High, and Ultra High. In Very High, DX11 and HBAO are both enabled, with tessellation set to “Normal” and no AA. Anisotropic filtering is set to x16 in-driver. Ultra High mode turns tessellation up to “High” and adds 8x MSAA. PhysX is off in both cases — while it adds some nice features and effects, it significantly slows down any system without an Nvidia GPU.
As she confesses from the back cover: "Weight Watchers began when I invited to my house six overweight friends - have you ever noticed that most fat people have fat friends? - and much to the surprise of all of us we found that there were other people hiding cookies in the bathroom and eclairs in the oven."
and i didn't see any connection. until around new years. over a year later. when he started talking about cutting it. and said that it was time to stop mourning.
3) Determine if the model number is narrowband capable. This means you can go on the website and Google the model number to see if it comes up on a list. I would check a couple of lists as we have seen poor lists.
On the way, they met the Cricket. They all had the same conversation with the Cricket.
She finds one and bangs on it with the palm of her hand, and a woman in blue scrubs opens the window for her. Helen is so grateful that she knocks the woman out(or maybe kills her), then steals her clothes. Helen gets into an elevator just as the search begins for her, and somehow gets outside.
Now with the first book "finished" (meaning other than advert, there's nothing left to do =D), I'm moving more into book 2, The Origin Stone. I feel like I lost my wings. The first novel I finished just kept coming to me in spurts. The words would just appear in my head and I couldn't get them out fast enough. This was the cause of immense amounts of typos in the first draft, but that was easily remedied.
Sangeet‘s elder brother Ganesh said, “We felt something was amiss as one of our relatives had spotted Sangeeta with her husband on the day of her disappearance. I am sure Sangeeta’s husband killed her.”
I don’t know if I’m a unique children’s writer. I don’t have the faintest idea what makes children tick. I really am a duck out of water here! I didn’t care for being a child and couldn’t wait to grow up. And in my adult years, I avoided children like the plague! So why would the universe call me to write children’s books? As some cosmic joke! To pay me back for wanting out of that growth period? I don’t know, but the ideas keep flowing and I’m compelled to write them down.
The lovely Andrea who blogs over at Four Square Walls (definitely check out her blog!) is offering a fabulous giveaway for this beautiful purple and black plaid medium-weight wool. It is 58 inches (1.47 m) wide and 2.333 yards (84 inches or 2.13m) long! That's enough for a nice jacket and maybe even a suit! The fabric is in good shape and does not have any rips or stains.
Punches: Martha Stewart French Scroll edge punch.
Note: This blog has watched all GOP candidates closely, and has actively supported the Gingrich candidacy – based on policy and the fact that one would pay to see that man debate Obama, given he had sufficient sleep. However, he was so badly damaged by Mitt Romney’s negatives and his lackluster debate performance before the Florida Primaries, with subsequent primary loses, and made his candidacy no longer viable in this opinion. However, the stronger performances of Rick Santorum and specifically his economic and foreign policy stands, made him the most viable of all candidates, when combining the ability to win a general election, the legislation hat he produced that was consistent in regards to his State (therefore he represented the people who hired him), and finally, the superficial, he is the youngest, photogenic candidate (for those who vote solely on the American Idol ticket. The defining moment was his shot at both Romney and Gingrich during the Florida debate. As a fan of the former Speaker (especially for the work he did during the Clinton Presidency), one can only hope these rumors are unfounded, and that the Speaker understands it’s time to take one for the nation, not the “Team”.
Fortunately, a friend loaned him an airplane.
The Xlibris website is well developed and reads and runs well with most information easily accessible. There are plenty of charts and graphs to view when you are comparing publishing packages. For June 2008 Xlibris are offering a number of deal discounts, including a 2 for 1 publishing offer.
Those peonies came from two big beautiful bushes I didn't realize we had on the side of the house. Same with the pretty green vine and the sage flowers off my bush. The side yards will be the last thing we tackle yard-wise. Next year Brian's promised me we can do some things in the front yard, a fact our neighbors will appreciate, I'm sure. Though, we're still not done with the back. We have plans to dig more fruit/flower/herb bed space on the other side of the deck with a brick path to the other fence gate.
06 Dengue Fever - Sleepwalking Through The Mekong
So it's not adequate to say that the "energy" is unreal. Pretty much everything that our minds manipulate is unreal, in that sense. The Hamlet in Shakespeare's mind was not just something made-up. It was something he recognized as of desperate importance, something that needed to be said, something he needed to say and that other people needed to hear.
Moussaka
I think the peer review process is helpful to both the person who’s project is being reviewed as well as the person who is doing the reviewing. By getting another opinion on their project, they can make better improvements to it. The person reviewing it also gains pointers and tips to help improve their own projects. Both people benefit from the process.
Go, be dangerous!
Resentment is not like anger.
On the way I might find a few extras, and by that I mean those little decorative details that can go from antique sheffield pieces, to old portraits, or even a simple orchid that can be bought out of a street market that can turn a boring space around the apartment into an absolutely cute spot.
Many other commentators on the GCR have mentioned the need for a more authentic approach to evangelism. One speaker called it a “shrink-wrap” presentation of the gospel in which people respond because they don’t want to go to hell, but they don’t want to die to carnal living and self-centered values. No repentance is involved. Something has to be suspect about an approach to witnessing that doesn’t result in life transformation. When those making professions of faith never follow through with baptism and identification with a local church and have to be coerced to attend and give, we should not expect them to share a persuasive witness with others.
When I was sitting at Second Mum’s last week when this story first ran my blood boiled.
The design team has done amazing work with this kit!
Sitting with the Keris Bearer who has not yet properly apologised for that ‘Keris Waving Incident’ who still apparently supports apartheid and a 2 class of citizenship system, as if best of friends with Ambiga is also equally shocking. Ambiga has not made clear on ending apartheid via Bumiputra vs Non-Bumiputra system.
And so hold on when there is nothing in you
This indirect method of achievement also applies to happiness–which is not just about smiling and laughter and joy–but is something deeper, richer, and cumulative rather than transitory.
I needed to scrap the full thing and today my friend Myriam brought me the new Scrapbooks etc, the April issue has a LO by Stephanie Howell that I decided to scraplift, it had the perfect file for me to put my own treasure. And so here is my version of Ms. Howell's LO
“The experiences at the clinic where the LSD was administered were quite strange. There was a brief ‘interview’ by Dr. John Buckman, asking banal questions about health issues (none), but providing no information about what to expect from the LSD. There was no mention, for example, of hallucinations or perceptual distortions or anything frightening. I was not informed of any persistent effects, such as nightmares. Certainly the possibility of lasting damage was not mentioned. The word ‘experiment’ was not used. There was, in other words, no informed consent whatsoever. I was not told that I could refuse to participate, that I could quit at any time (as provided in the Nuremberg Code). Since I was below the age of consent, my parents would have been the ones to agree to this. Indeed, they were the ones to suggest that we be used in these experiments. It would not otherwise have happened. But my parents would never discuss this in later years and never explained why they did it.
Enquiries and rules from swift5minutedrama@gmail.com or to Paddy Smith, 25 St Johns, Trim, Co Meath, 086 1577526.
You Belong With Me – Taylor Swift
I have been able to stop thinking about the "what if" and "what Johnny in California did" and just to think about my life, my family, and our unique, customized homeschool lifestyle.
Playing for Keeps Novella Plus, by Cherry Adair (Kindle edition) - A short story about Danica and Jon, separated at the beginning of the story, but drawn back together when Danica's plane crashes and Jon finds that nothing is more important than his wife and he travels thousands of miles and risks life and limb to save her and bring her home.
The AC repairs were well worth it, but zapped our bank account big time and I have been struggling just to buy groceries the past few weeks. To those reading, don't worry.....the kids are eating just fine, the house payment is current and the utilities are all on. I just said it was a struggle. My kids don't go without. I've had some hint to me that our AC wasn't a priority. I honestly don't give a rat's behind what other people think.
18.Jeera/Cumin : 1tsp
making beds,
You see, an enforced limitation of three cups of coffee a week (health reasons, it’s a long story) make it a matter of national importance that my brew is the personification of perfect. My server's nose wrinkled with incomprehension, her face filled with the difficulty of the task ahead, she asked, “Oh, you mean a macchiato?” I’ve been faced with that question at Starbucks too, so I was prepared for the question.
On July 14, 2012, Department of Energy (DOE) rules regulating general-service fluorescent lamps will go into effect, eliminating many popular models.
I let my girls pick out the color of the totes and small bins and we even found matching makers to label everything!
If you’re married, engaged, or hope to eventually be married, I highly recommend that you read Tim Keller’s The Meaning of Marriage. Seriously, I feel that every time I sit down to read another chapter, the Holy Spirit uses this book to change some area of my heart or some long-held cultural perspective of marriage that I’ve been clinging to.
She had known him during the times he visited me back in the eighties,
What did the Creator of the Universe do on the 7th day?? RESTED! Even God needed a little snooze.
There is little chance of recovering any of the money, so Mother is now completely broke. At least she is blissfully unaware.
More tomorrow on the stitching retreat and all the fun happenings there!
I spent last night dipping in and out of some books to remind myself of how I chose to discipline (because yesterday it didn't go far beyond screaming No!) and came across this in the Womanly Art of Breastfeeding, William G. White, MD, and experienced family practice doctor and father, offers the following observation:
James removes his underwear and Melissa smiles. She then removes her underwear and stood there proud.
Some more bits and bobs of Eye Candy Magic :)
“Have you heard of egomania?”
Has God ever given you an unenjoyable task? Do you see giving someone a task as the best way to get someone out of discouragement?
This would have been executed the same way as the fearful eye, where in which I would include the reflection of the subject’s coveted interest. Though as I continued to labor over this piece, I found that I was content to the point where I wanted few distractions in it, as is I find the sheen or gleem which splashes across the pupil to suffice and fulfil such desire.
The number to call, after choosing from the menu, is 2121212. Simple enough to remember especially if you just take note that they deliver TOanyONE (get it?). The person who took my call was pleasantly friendly and very accommodating. It was like he was really happy to take my order! Of course he was! ^_^; They had some thinking to do when I said I wanted Zark’s Burger but I lived in Parañaque (Taft to Pque…) but I said I was willing to wait and that I’m aware the food quality may not be same as the restaurant due to the distance the delivery man would have to travel. I understood all that and they finally said YES, we can deliver! WHEW! I would have really been disappointed if I couldn’t order TOMBSTONE.
Desiccated coconut ½ cup
"Yes, I'll have South American special please with a side of Indonesia and South Asia!"
will be forfeited and re-issued.
I also got presents from the family friends too haha. From the parents~ at least they are nice T T
On to the winner ... I usually pick the winner of my blog candy, depending on how they answer my question. However, this time it was difficult to choose, so I counted all the ladies who commented on how they would use the flower assortment, then used Random.Org to choose. Here are the ladies who are in the running:
On a much different note, my insurance company has decided to not be as co-operative as they could be with my entire cancer journey. So all dr. visits, tests, treatments, etc. from here on out have been cancelled. We just don't have the money to pay for it all ourselves and I flat out refuse to have my family get further into debt over this. it so isn't worth it.
All you have to do is share a unique way you are reducing, recycling, reusing.
Here is what I have come up with:
It seems that the tale of our Civil War-era adventurer was supposed to have gone to the screen more than once before this. Animator Bob Clampett was going to bring about an animated film of our hero, with the blessing of Burroughs himself! Paramount was on board for awhile - with no less than Robert Rodriguez directing one minute, Jon Favreau the next. Disney Studios was even attached back in the Eighties themselves! So, in short: "production hell". That almost never bodes well... especially when you consider they were even going to get Richard "Ray" Harryhausen for the effects!! But when it takes almost 100 years to struggle to get a movie from book to screen, maybe someone's trying to tell you something. Maybe.
December 10, 2004 with the Africa Social Forum
And by eating locally I mean very locally, from our own garden. So finally, last week we were able to have a dinner made entirely from our own farm.
Zenick H, Clegg ED, Perreault SD, Klinefelter GR, Gray LE. Assessment of male reproductive toxicity. A risk assessment approach. Hayes AW (Ed.). Principles and methods of toxicology – 3rd Ed. New York; Raven Press, 1994.
Taxi/Cab drivers never know what kind of lunatic may be sitting just two feet behind them, let alone having to worry about dodging every bad driver on the road. Yet, they CHOOSE their job over any fear of risk involved EVERYDAY. Many, many Taxi drivers Smoke, and allow their passengers to do the same without concern.
When the sun had sunk behind the horizon and the only light came from the bulbous moon hung low on the sky, Obadiah went outside and started pacing up and down. After about 50 laps or thereabouts, he stopped sharply and looked around for his truck. He had remembered earlier about his canary yellow pick up and he was trying to see where it was, but it wasn’t parked in front of the cafe. Obadiah tried to remember where he usually slept but couldn’t remember that either, so he just started off down the road. There were shops either side of the wide road, closed and run down looking and Obadiah crossed the road several times to peer into the dirty windows but found nothing useful behind them. Few hundred yards further down the road, he came across a small canal winding alongside the road. He could hardly see about him, in spite of the bright moonlight but he stumbled along stubbornly, determined to find out more about the town. He figured he might come across someone else, someone who’d help him jog his memory. The night air was fragrant and warm and Obadiah found himself humming a tune he couldn’t quite remember the words to.
thousand
I posted this comment in response to this article which was posted on George Conger's blog:
1a) 3 X ME Bench Press @ 85% – rest 60 sec.
If that dog thinks I’m sharing this feast with him, he’s crazier than he smells, thought Malcolm as he could feel the dog’s incessant stare boring a hole in the back of his head.
Even though we have had some recent contrition in terms of carrier commitment, it was recognized that we need more company participation and a serious attempt to expand the range of alternatives available to leverage the risk.
Well fed soil microorganisms then produce the gums and sugars that build crumbly, porous soil texture which provides spaces for roots, passageways for small invertebrates, and room for rain. Since these gums and sugars need to be continually replenished, a steady supply of food — decomposing plant roots and litter alongside water, air and minerals — must be coming their way.
I recently asked you what your favorite blog was and what you liked about it. The responses poured in! It was interesting to see which blogs top your list of faves and those we have in common.
health: an allocation of 4% or
We're not really that different, you and me? Just don't tell anyone that I told you though, OK?
Despite this thoughts will inevitably turn to the next game, the FA Cup final against Fulham’s West London neighbours. Surely Kenny will rest players before Saturday if only to avoid injuries?
Guinsoo: Oh, hah. What do you think, Phreak?
This time though it is an up and coming London Brewery, Weird Beard, and still, while expansion to commercial brewing is some three or four months away, a home brewing operation, so beers are given away, not sold. A couple of Sundays ago, they held a "Meet the Brewer" session at the Rake and offered up three trial beers for tasting. All were excellent and all pretty different to each other. A single hop Pale Ale of 5.6%, a Saison and a strong Cascadian IPA. Quite an impressive and diverse line up I think you'll agree. First up was the citric, tangerine tinged Single Hop Series No9 - Junga. Junga is a derivative of Northern Brewer and Marynka and comes from Poland. This was a classy beer, clean and properly bittered, with tangerine notes throughout. Sunshine Saison was spicy, strong at 6.4% and had a flowery and citrus touch. Sorachi Ace and Pacific Gem added an unusual and pleasant finish. Last of all, Fade to Black again showcased Sorachi Ace and you know what? It pulled it off. This would be a great beer to finish a session off with, or to sip contemplatively before bed. I liked all the beers and was impressed by their cleanness - regular readers know I like beers to be clean tasting - and their overall quality.
In the meantime we are staying in contact with CONASPEH and Global Ministries, stepping out of the limelight to focus on the needs of our family.
Not since Dan Quayle had a vice-presidential candidate provided such sublime late night fodder. With her Marge Gunderson drawl and supreme telegenicity, Sarah Palin sashayed her way into the annals of political serendipity with unprecedented hubris and panache. The press went wild for Caribou Barbie, but the truth was that there was nothing of substance beneath the bouffant. Her disastrous interview with Katie Couric and subsequent embarrassment at the VP debate validated suspicions that she was nothing more than a cynical ploy by the Republican party to snap up the female voters they supposed had been disenfranchised by Hillary Clinton's defeat to Barack Obama, and her utter annihilation at the hands of Tina Fey destroyed any chance of her being taken seriously as a politician.
with disfellowshipped relatives. A
I follow a baker, Michelle, on FoodBuzz, Twitter, Pinterest, and Facebook. NO, I'm not a stalker. She goes by the handle "BrownEyedBaker". I really like her stuff and lo and behold she posted about a gingerbread cookie dough she had used and really liked. Like me, she likes chewy cookies, not crispy...and she said these were tasty.
Pour the blended onion paste into it. Fry for a min and add ginger-garlic paste and chopped green chilies to it. Again fry for 2 minutes and add tomatoes to this mix. Cook covered for around 5-6 minutes till tomatoes get all mushy and mixed up. Add all the spices ( except Garam Masala ) into this and cook covered for next 3-4 minutes till it gets cooked completely.
Such a thorough review, and so thoroughly reflects my thoughts on the film that I have little to add beyond this very minor quibble. Sometimes the filmmakers engage in a bit of narrative sleight of hand, withholding information from the audience in order to have their "tada!" moments, suddenly springing key developments upon the audience in a rather unnecessarily manipulative way.
Of love is incurable
Client: “The reason I am looking at a large SUV is because I need it for business.”
5. Sort the items into the storage containers you are going to use and place everything into the desired place in the cupboard/space.
So I dug into my stash of stamped and started bits that I'm trying to 'Accomplish' something with and found this little fairy that I must have coloured some time ago! I've actually got my stash down to a small drawer :)
“I asked him about the location of the car and he told me, then I told him it was my car that I’d left there and had been watching the parts disappear.”
Note that "The T" is on Lower Haight and Magnolia Brewpub is on Upper Haight. As you've deduced, there's a healthy but manageable walk that entails a steep hill to get to the Upper Haight. At Magnolia you'll be rewarded with some of the best beers in town ranging from sessionable cask ales to robust Strong Beers (particularly during their February-longStrong Beer Month.) Be forewarned the wait to get a table to eat can be long (but worth it). Same goes for Magnolia founder Dave McLean's cocktail-centric small-plate destination The Alembic just a few blocks up Haight near the part of Golden Gate Park that tries so damn hard to hold onto the Summer of Love. Alembic's vintage bottle list is a work of art in progress.
Since December 2009, when protest in the village was sparked, hundreds of demonstration-related injuries caused by disproportionate military violence have been recorded in Nabi Saleh.
Going into it, I hope everyone realizes that people will continue to write about art, no matter what is said. People will continue to write reviews about work they like or don’t like, or as favors, or because the gallery whose show it is has taken out an ad in the magazine. People will still passionately write essays that go unread by all but a few devotees, students and snobs. So why have a big discussion?
This book is definitely a classic, the message at its heart is absolutely timeless.
Place your orange segments in your sterile jars, leaving an inch of head space, as they tend to float. Bring your liquid to a boil, then pour over the tops, leaving a half inch of space. Lids on tightly, and water bath.
There are so many media outlets in this country now that we need a reason to fill space. Accepting the status quo doesn’t fill broadcast time or print space. There would be four months without any NFL Draft news if there weren’t constant differing opinions. There are, of course, always differing draft boards among every NFL analyst in the business, but the majority of talk is going to be about the top pick. If a different pick is favored than previously thought was on top, then that would result in more discussion. But I think there’s a bigger issue at work here.
Take no notice of the waffle, I am sure there is going to be lots of light at the end of the tunnel, I just need to find the tunnel.
Witty Commentary.
It was all so dragging and unengaging. It was without either any recognisable time and place or univeral mythic resonance. (Hard to see that it had to do with South London, though you did have the black guy as pimp and apprentice gangster.)
Great Lakes Blackout Stout – OH – 9.0% ABV
“Hell doesn’t even exist. It’s all in our minds. We invented it as a warning to those who don’t live up to our standards.”
Boris Blacher writes about his technique of "variable meter" in the forward to his "Ornamente, Opus 37":
fair, so we definitely wanted to check that out. We actually had a lot of fun... ran into some
All of my rhizomes came from a wonderful person in West Virginia and were dug from his private land. He has collected over 90% of the rhizomes from an area on his property where a new logging road is being dug so he has rescued the rhizomes from destruction. The picture at the top of this post is of one set of 100 rhizomes as they came 'packaged' to me. He did a fantastic job finding the size and age of rhizomes that I needed for this experiment. Thank you, Russ!
BLEAMY'S CORNER follows the life and wanderings of eleven-year-old Jeromy Bleamy, a mostly-wise, sometimes-precocious, and often-proud child who is full of what he would call unshakeable resolve…and what others would call courageous stubbornness.
I guess my bottle will be even more special when I open it in a year... who knows what I will get? It kind of makes me want to pick up a bottle of batch 1 somewhere and age it too for comparison.
The problem, especially with this book is that the errors made by many of the philosophers in the modern age are very technical and more often in the metaphysical or epistemological area. Don’t yawn. The reason why this is important is that those little technical errors compound into massive cracks in ethical thought and politics and in turn have a disastrous effect on our lives. And because of this it is important to understand the mistake, what the correct opinion is and why.
There are diseases that can be associated with the Y chromosome, such as 46,XX where a male will have two X chromosomes and one Y, 48,XXYY where he will have double of both sex chromosomes, and 47,XYY where he will have two copies of the Y chromosome. These can have symptoms anywhere from a tall stature to infertility.
Names were assigned to each moon in a season: For example, the first moon of summer was called the early summer moon, the second was the midsummer moon, and the last was called the late summer moon.
That’s my bad. There’s no question that Wagner’s impeccable collection of Score and Score Select Football autographs spanning the last decade-plus is worthy of a fitting showcase. Today, we present the long overdue tribute to one of the country’s preeminent Score keepers.
I asked him, "Did you take your water bottle out?"
The rating of 18 failed to register at the time. I’ve thought before: nothing higher than a 12A, but forgot come the vinegar stroke.
It's a magical spot.
The pizzas were delicious! The dough was great and the toppings were delicious. Fresh basil on a pizza really takes it to a new level and using the crushed tomatoes reminds me how much I prefer pizza this way than with our American sauce.
Whoops, found a typo in my track titles. Gotta go fix it, delete the ZIP file I just uploaded, and try it again. I try to do a good job on these things. I screw them up more than I would like, but I try...
a vintage statue of Mary, adorned with old rosary beads. next to her a photo of myself as a little girl.. with bits that are part of me: a garnet, some rocks from Cornwall, a hag stone from Gemma a soul sister, a feather gifted me from a magpie. I am sure Mary can go into the past and help to heal traumas and sadness.. nothing is impossible.
Please post questions here.
I am loving reorganizing my bedroom, trying new recipes, and drinking tea in the evenings.
Chris Wallace – Journalist and host of Fox News Sunday
It is this 'energy' of horses that not only attracts the 'inner warrior,' but also the needy personality - because this energy heals. In the modern world horses attract strong human female energy - it is amazing to see how many women/girls are attracted to horses. This is not because of neediness, but because of a life long suppression of the 'inner warrior' within women by fearful societies across the world.
I’ve been looking into ways to get my thoughts, commentary, and how-tos out to the mass market.
Exercise has kept me regulated. I can tell when I miss a day at the gym or a day of running or biking outside, even just walking. If I miss a week, I not only feel it in my body, but my mind is either too slow, or too fast. When it comes down to it, it’s just that much harder for me to function without it. I’m better able to control myself and my focus. I also sleep better which is HUGE for me. Any night that I can get 5 hours of sleep or more is a good night. When I’m exercising, I get that.
mystical magic – life in another form
2-3 green chilli finely chopped
Joey escapes and decides to hide the puzzle box in the first random place she sees, which is the wet cement of a new construction site right nearby, because THAT isn’t stupid as hell. Seriously, why doesn't she just take it home and bury it in her attic or something? Oh, right, because then we couldn't have any more brilliant sequels, and the makers of the franchise couldn't rob the audiences of any more money. Excuse me for being so dense.
A very Springy garden, isn't it?
Then there's the "showings". Perfect strangers wandering about your home, opening your closets, and as in recent case, weighing themselves on your bathroom scale (some people seem to lose sight that you are actually in someone's home...not the Housewares department at Walmart). Your cleanliness, your decorating style, your neighbourhood is all held up to the light and scrutinized. Some agents will even get the clients to give feedback which is then emailed to you, just so you can have the joy of finding out why your place sucks and they won't be making an offer. If you take any pride in your home at all these comments are a bit of a punch in the face, especially when you've worked hard on your home, as I did.
And I'm thinking this man wears a white hood
Like any drug, mutual discovery is best enjoyed in the right environment. Bathrooms and cars are fun, but more appropriate when you're both on a slightly more solid footing. Passion can overwhelm common sense, so at least in the beginning some dating structure is good.
So as precession made its inexorable journey through time and the heavens, Man and civilization generally moved from the Age of Taurus (the Judaic era of the Golden Calf) through Aries (which Moses heralded on descent from Mount Sinai as ‘two-horned’) or the start of the new Age of the Ram; into Pisces, the Age of Christianity whose symbol was the fish; and now, from February 14th this year, the dawning of the Age of Aquarius.
With Easter photos on the top of my pile, I went with this...
The third is latest teaching letter of Pope Benedict VI entitled, Caritas in Veritate (Latin: Charity in Truth)
I don’t believe it’s a coincidence that the recent coup d’état in Bamako followed several months of lynching incidents. The coup and vigilante justice are different expressions of a single logic shaped by the state’s perceived failure to enforce the law. When the government is seen as having abdicated its fundamental responsibilities, by this logic, taking charge through violence becomes legitimate and even salutary.
L'Ardoise in Cadenet is simple, friendly, very good food and not going to break the bank. 04-90-68-35-35.
She'd pout and looked bummed. Then she'd brighten and ask, "Do I start tomorrow?"
Nobel Prize Committees regularly come under fire, and for my money the best of this year’s grumbles came from Tim Parks. In his blogpost entitled “What’s wrong with the Nobel Prize in Literature”, Parks asked how a small group of Swedish professors can possibly compare, say, a poet from Indonesia with a celebrity author like Philip Roth, and from the broad list of contenders decide who is the greatest novelist/poet of the day on the international scene. His words provoked a response from Per Wästberg, the president of the Nobel Committee, which while not wholly addressing Parks’ point contains the glorious line: “I try to read one book a day to keep ill health away”.
Want to extend the life of your mascara? Add 4-5 drops of saline solution (NOT contact solution, but can be found in the same section of your local grocery or drug store) to your mascara tube, swirl the wand around a little bit to mix it, and voila! You just bought yourself another month of mascara. I tried it -- definitely works. It also resurrected my liquid eyeliner. It's magic.
Winner : Lidl - yeah, like I buy beer from supermarkets.
Patrick Rothfuss has written only two books with the third and final of his Kingkiller Chronicles due out next year. I’ll be knocking people over to get to that one. The Sookie Stackhouse series belongs to Charlaine Harris, another series that never disappoints.
With the selflessness of a saint, I have dedicated countless hours (not to mention euros) to the arduous task of separating the Parisian wheat from the tourist chaff, so that you don’t have to.
So who was the winner?
Children are selfish, but become civilized as they grow older and take responsibility for the world around them. This is becoming adult. However, the new culture prevents them from growing up and keeps them immature which is causing so much uncivilised behaviour. Bar owners and the drinks companies play on the weaker part of people’s nature rather like a sales scam would play on, say, someone’s greed. It is preying on the young’s need for fun and adventure with unhealthy adventures.
At Cookin' Up Creations, a team member posts a new "Blue Plate Special" challenge each day except Monday, and anyone who completes at least 15 of the posted challenges for the month gets her name in a prize drawing. The challenges range from techniques to popular products, sketches, inspiration and more; they're a great way to wake up the mojo! With 10 designers on the team, the challenges are varied and fun. And look for our second annual Crop Chef competition in February!
unexplored.
Gomen??? Is that you Gomes? Weirdos . . . How about Forgo and Forgone, the UMNO Way? More NLP titles eh? Sick.
I’m an editor. I see my fill of filler phrases; I meet no lack of hackneyed expressions. I encounter clichés so clichéd that even complaining about them is a cliché. So I try to avoid them, and sometimes I encourage others to avoid them too.
- Kept calling the OR a party, and that I was going to be soooo sad when it was over
Now, Blood Red Pencil says May is short story month… uhm… I have scheduled two novels/longer works for my other pen-names this month… no short stories… Ah, well, you can have two in June! Along with CVE3 which will soon go out to beta and editors… OK, I never liked to follow the flow and I can just say because I’m on this side of the ocean, I’m not following US “rules”, LOL!
Some insist in trying to balance a budget solely by reductions in social programs, cutting funds to job creating public works and cutting funding for paying teachers, social servers that are now employed and social services.
As the milk thickens add in the sugar...
It takes courage to live out your passion. I think today really taught me that.
James Cameron, Avatar
01252 722698
10. The skate sharpening machine does not take 100 dollar bills.
The goodly Fathers in the crowd
Happy Saturday Peeps, this post has a bit of a story and a wee moral. A little while back I saw this wonderful digi stamp and almost got it, I had an idea immediately when I saw it and how I would use it, BUT I did not know where this feather was, in one of my many safe places, LOL, so I passed. This week I found the feather, by the way there are usually 5 or more things on my "Find IT" list. Have you guessed yet? I could not for the life of me remember where I saw the image. I did finally find it, but the moral of this story is when you see a digi you love, BUY IT! Oh black hair is my nemisis, I will practice more, other than that I am happy with the goddess.
P.S. For those of you worried about his socialization: He hasn't turned weird yet. I'll keep you posted.
and your chance to bear a son of man?
L is for libido, what happened to sex?
It was on my facebook fanpage's wall. It was on my twitter replies. Every celebrity I followed were yabbering about it (except Ricky Gervais). It appeared on blog comments when the entries are not related to Kony at all. It was on formspring. It was on youtube, spamming the comments to irrelevant videos of fucking MUSIC I WAS LISTENING TO. And all the people spamming where smelling their assholes in unison, thinking how it smells like justice and peonies. I was goaded beyond tolerance.
I am friends with her mom on Facebook. I have heard SO MANY great and wonderful things about this awesome family! I enjoy reading all the loving posts that her mom writes. Her family and faith means so much to her and it shows! :)
Unlike Ms. Suck McJones, I have no interest in sitting around all day, painting my toenails and eating bonbons and doing nothing productive. Although, there was one day recently where a guy was in the basement installing our water softener and my son was napping in his room, so I was sitting in the family room drinking a cup of coffee and eating some leftover Valentine’s chocolate while I was waiting for water softener guy to finish, and at some point it hit me that, holy shit, I had become a walking cliché of a 1950s housewife. For that day, at least. I doubt that actual 1950s housewives used the word asshat with such frequency.
In Glasgow, one single councillor returned in David Meikle, a lone voice in the wilderness but he worked during his tenure and deserved to be returned.
As it was actually Chala's birthday (and despite my having something to celebrate which I can assure you I managed on Saturday), we started in the Forum. This time I dallied with the idea of a half but in the end opted for some waaarn, which is apparently supposed to demonstrate maturity.
Teacher, mentor, artist and founder of the Artful Success Program, Tonya Davidson helps artists take their techniques and business skills to the next level. As the CEO and founder of Whole Lotta Whimsy she has passionately empowered artists to live creatively from the inside out. Create the life you love by subscribing to her ezine, reading her blog, or following her on facebook/twitter!
Let's celebrate the Bundt on November 15th, National Bundt Day! If you make a bundt and send me a photo, I'll put together a round up and send you this custom-made, JustJennDesigns small button! (Submission info tomorrow)
Gotta admit that it's a good collection with both of the Bomp! single sides sounding about as clear as a good Beatle Cee-Dee bootleg of 1963 studio outtake vintage, 'n not only that but a coupla tracks I think were supposed to have appeared on the LIVE AT CBGB album power pop up. And (of course!) how could anybody forget some powerful in themselves demos and live throw-ins (including one from the old 82 Club, a subject matter I had been thinking of devoting an entire post to one of these days, at least when things start gettin' slow!) that present the Poppees as something more'n just a throwback nostalgia trip for girls who iron their hair and still proudly display their "George" buttons. I would have thought that the cash-in album under an assumed name they did in '76 during the Beatlemania Revival woulda found their way here, but I guess that dealing with Laurie Records ain't exactly the easiest task in the world so that'll have to wait for a future release.
The first is one I saw on a black BMW:
1298 **D-IV/24(B)/1998. “On Being and One’s Own: The Art of Henry Darger.” Annual Convention, Midwest Political Science Association, Palmer House, Chicago, Illinois. Addendum to Item D-IV/24(A)/1998, above. See Item C-1992(7), above, Items D-I/1/2001 and D-I/2/2001, below. (Incorporated in Item C-1998(12), above, pp. 775-78.)
Why did you leave us in this trap without any poems? Why did you color the sky yellow? Why did you give us stars to hang our hearts on? We did not do anything, we only wanted to sing. We have read the Quran, the New Testament, and the Old Testament. We read every verse and we pretended to be religious enough to read, and to know if hope was a sin, and it wasn’t.
And 2.) Interestingly, I received over 3,000 views on this blog post alone.
Finally, yesterday, I had the most delightful time with blogger Robin, who was stopping in the city to buy some lace, en route to Boston.
Crime is a fundamental violation of the social contract. Therefore, crime must be responded to by the community, by social institutions. Victims of crime must be heard and acknowledged by the community, they must receive social support to not only rebuild their lives but to rebuild their confidence in their community.
But that's not all!
Participants can attain the eligibility required for the green associate accreditation through experience or by taking a study course. They then write a knowledge-testing exam. The Canada Green Building Council is offering exam preparation courses and other courses meeting the exam’s eligibility requirements, at 18 post-secondary institutions across the country.
Yes, if you want to be technical. I chose the masculine form, because while I’m all for male/female equality, the default gender for language has been classically male and I’m okay with that for this purpose. The archangel Gabriel is also traditionally thought of as male and the Gabriel of Angelfire is female. In my fantasy world, perhaps during the Renaissance period the same people who thought Gabriel was male also created the masculine title Preliator. After all, Queen Hatshepsut was one of the greatest pharaohs to have ever reigned, but she was often depicted as wearing a ceremonial beard, dressing like a man, and pretty much being a king. There is also the theory that Queen Nefertiti, after her husband Akhenaten died, changed her name to Smenkhkare and became male in order to rule as pharaoh. Patriarchal cultures typically don’t like the idea of a woman with power and influence.
I buy a lot of books, and can hardly ever let any go (I buy even more books now that I have a kindle, because if it's cheap on there I get it, and then if i love it I buy it again in paper form). What's even worse (or better, depending on your opinions of space) is I have a really bad habit of buying several copies of the same book. If it's languishing somewhere used for five dollar or under, it's coming home with me.
The Aforementioned Wedding Present doing 'Step Into Christmas'
Isn't education generally a form of slavery or servitude?
I waited by the gate where we’d planned
recognition of others such as, Arpad G.C. Gerster who was one of the first surgeons in America, and Yamato Ichihashi, one of the first academics of Asian ancestry in the United States. Antonio Meucci invented the telephone, Michael Jackson entertained; Minoru Yamasaki second-generation Japanese-American architect designed the World Trade Center, and Amadeo Peter Giannini who founded the of Bank of Italy, which later became Bank of America.
Having a second child is So. Completely. Different. than having one. When I was home with my first I became antsy and bored with each passing week of maternity leave. I suffered through/enjoyed each moment like everyone else, but I knew I needed to get back to the classroom. I had a hard time trying to do everything when I returned to work, but I'm not sure I have considered staying home as an option, or even "if only" option. At the time, my husband made less money, and we needed my paycheck.
I didn’t say I don’t love you anymore
Protected by gallant horsemen trotting down hallways
in my own little world there's population: two
As all sitcoms must eventually denegrate into soap opera-ish love triangles, it is important that these triangles at least conclude before the series ends. They are a waste of time enough, but without closure it would be a damn insult.
I know: yawn.
Big Brother can do it: the future is blue.
Meanwhile, wish me luck. And yes, of course I'm freaking out!
It seems like royals by nature are beautiful. Maybe it’s the royal blood or the pampering they get from birth but either way they are gorgeous. Check out the top 5 most beautiful royal women and top 5 handsome men below.
another roadblock in our way
The Pinellas Plant has been transitioning from a defense production facility to a community-owned commercial business to provide alternative jobs for employees affected by defense downsizing, and to preserve taxpayer investments in technology development and the extensive laboratory resources of the plant.
My Review
I just finished my first draft of my first chick-lit novel, Welly-Booty-Goodness :)
I'll be headed to Lowe's this evening to pick up a couple supplies for this weekend... we're about to start our biggest DIY project yet—painting the kitchen cabinets! We're finishing up the open shelving installation tonight (I couldn't be happier with them, btw). I'll have an update in a few days with our progress.
The fact that Jen and her kids will be over is a huge victory for me. I almost lost her two months ago. Seems she could no longer handle my inability to handle coaching football in the no-win situation I was in.
Fernandes also hit out at the four MPs who had on Monday criticised him and Khazanah Nasional Bhd CEO and managing director Tan Sri Azman Mokhtar over the recent MAS-AirAsia share-swap deal.
That was only the beginning. Our class periods are 100 minute blocks; we were 45 minutes in.
Ever hear the old saying "millionaires don't believe in astrology, billionaires do?" Well, maybe skeptical neckbeards mouldering away in their little cubicles don't believe in ancient astronauts, but I'm thinking it's a good chance the CEOs of their companies do.
New York Rangers v. Washington Capitals
The door to the restaurant opened just then and a satisfied customer came out with a burger-pleased smile on his face. The open door also allowed a gust of burger perfume to escape right into my nose.
But it is a hard nursery.
Seau was a standout linebacker with the University of Southern California before going to the San Diego Chargers — his hometown team — whom he led to the Super Bowl following the 1994 season.
Let me stop summarizing. Sometimes books are important not because of the stories they tell but because of the feelings they elicit from the reader. First—Carroll’s descriptions of his poet/mentor Allen Tate, his friend Patrick Hughes, and his brothers—these were reminders of many of the people that have touched me in my life. Not all correspond directly of course, but the way he wrote about the impact these individuals had was familiar.
don't have, and no matter how good it makes us feel, we always need to do just...one...more. We do it alone or with friends, and sometimes we even do it at parties. I have even been known to sneak some into my suitcase before a trip. And sometimes the really good stuff comes from across the border. No, not drugs silly! Crafts!
Unless it all changes.
I mean, not even the zionist deviantart banned my shit. Got routinely flamed for being “auntySemitic” and cursed with the curses of “hope you get cancer and die you bastard” but, deviantart never banned my work. Go figure.
Key Players: Kyle Kuric (13.1 ppg), Russ Smith (11.4 ppg), Chris Smith (10 ppg), Gorgui Dieng (9.4 ppg, 9.1 rpg), Peyton Siva (9.1 ppg, 5.5 apg), Chane Behanan (9 ppg, 7.4 rpg)
Emptiness, dissolution, death, nothingness. These are all of life. Despite the bad reputation the word abysmal has, with respect to the calendar, it has more to do with the above sentiment than of something of wretched outcome. It is also cheeky.
(Ni ni.)
View this quick video of Hugh Thomas, Event Director as he tries to explain…
We have had a group of a half dozen chickens, mainly araucanas that we have affectionately dubbed the sicklies. For, that is what they were. Their growth had been stunted, probably through a combination of cold and malnutrition. And, most likely through my own neglect. In a defense it is quite hard to bring two hundred chicks through winter without the use of mother hens. With artificial light and warmth it is neither natural, nor is it something I ever intend to do again. But circumstances insisted, and we obliged.
“Khan Kuchum was from a noble family known as the Shaybanids, who traced their lineage back to Shaybani, a brother of Batu,” Frazier writes. “The Shaybanids often fought with the Taibugids, a non-Genghisite family also of western Siberia. Kuchum had killed the Taibugid khan, Edigei, and taken over the Siberian khanate not long before Yermak and his men arrived.”
commuting – that was time for me, a break
Neither of these essays were fun to read. Thankfully, I have yet to read anything as bad since these. Probably what made them the most disappointing was the authors are both college students. The quality of writing they produced was at a middle school level at best, and I know both are capable of better.
Welcome….
The police had arrived at Rosas’s residence on June 6 of last year in response to an unspecified “domestic disturbance.” When the police arrived, Rosas took refuge in the bathroom. One of the officers kicked open the front door and dragged out the unarmed man, who was immediately hit with a dose of pepper spray. The chemical weapon attack was a prelude to a full-scale onslaught: Witnesses reported
The Pakatan Rakyat (PR) produced a common policy framework, promising to return 20% of oil royalties to Sabah and Sarawak, protect NCR land, and respect the basis of agreement with Sabah and Sarawak during the formation of Malaysia.
The only thing I didn't like, I brought it from the YA section in Big W?!?!?! Not for young people at all!
Altman an old man
Rousing the land with breath of flame, while you beat and beat the
Kid: Really? Where? (Looking around on the pantry shelves.) I love this no work thing! What's for dinner?
Most weeks, Sunday is soccer day for me. I get up early, throw on my gear and head out to get down and dirty with my bad self. (Your mind better not be in the gutter now. :P) This usually leaves me an unshowered, stinking mess for the majority of the day until I get home in the afternoon to shower. This past Sunday was a chilly one, so I ended up getting into my snuggly PJs early -- which means I wore this outfit for a whopping 3 hours. I'm not even sure I left the house. Unless you count walking out to the balcony to take pictures. I know, iffy at best.
Since I plan on the next few articles to be about plane scrolling and sprite animation, I’d like to experiment with a few of the prerequisites first – basic pad input, timing, and the main game loop. I already have a sprite on screen, plus some subroutines for setting its X and Y coords, so I’ll aim to move it around the screen using the D-pad at various speeds. Hopefully this won’t take long.
Ok another big RPG/action game. Third time around this could be the big finale of the series and I guess this ip has a lot of fans waiting to try out either the female or male version of Shepard. I have a huge respect for Bioware and a lot of excitement for this 3rd game in the series – reports also reveal a multiplayer feature in the game and from the looks of it, it seems even more action orientated than its predecessors – looking a bit like a Gears of War RPG in space.
Copyright (c) 1991 – 2004 VERITAS SOFTWARE CORP. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Throwing the football in the back yard is one of the strongest bonds my son and I have. Would it seem weird if I told you that I also feel the presence of my father, when Matt and I participate in this family Fall ritual?
By the way, I see Rifftrax will be doing the same thing this year with House on Haunted Hill - and I was set to go until I found that it was the same evening as the NOLD Puppet Show - and I think you all know where my loyalties lay in that regard.
He loves them so much he makes noises like "mmm", when eating them.
but the wind was blowing fiercely, and it was an absolutely freezing cold February day.
As more panels get assembled and the equipment gets welded, the small amount of space we are renting from another ministry is getting filled up, in fact it’s full. There is no more room to produce what needs to be produced.
loves to play in mommie's make up
1. How I Met Your Mother
that faded celeb’s footwork
Peelton to Ncemerha;
The other day someone asked me the wonderful question “How are you doing?”. I appreciate the concern, especially from my friends, but I’m not a fan of that question right now. So I thought of this funny clip from one of my favorite shows to give everyone an idea of “How I am doing”. This clip sums it up right now (except for the terribly alone part at the end). I won’t feel like this way forever, but grief is natural and normal. It is good for me. Bad would be holding it in. Bad would be trying to hide real pain behind a phony mask of super spirituality. My mom raised me better then that ; )
“Thunderheads,” Hood murmured. “Storm’s a-coming.”
As for the movie Xanadu starring the lovely Australian singer Olivia Newton-John as Kira, and one of my all time favorites, Gene Kelly, as Danny McGuire . . . .
Robins chortling in the treetops. Cardinels spreading cheer in the woods across the park. Canadas jetting across the sky. Redwings oka-reeee-ing as they assert their territorial claims. Soon the peepers will trill in the swamps, and we’ll be swathed and saturated in that glow which is springtime in Wisconsin. Now we’re inhaling the wet fragrance of woods and soon-to-be plowed soybean and cornfields. Spring!
My computer has been down, kids have been sick, had a birthday, and Christmas is creeping upon us very fast.
HEARTS AT STAKE by Alyxandra Harvey
Ever told your child, "We'll do it tomorrow?"
But what do I mean when I say “I love you” to my wife? Which one of these do I mean?
Devotees claim that 'vodka eyeballing' induces drunkenness faster than drinking it can, because it passes easily through the mucous membrane and enters the bloodstream directly through veins at the back of the eye, although some experts are sceptical about the claims and believe that since those who do it are usually already drunk, they simply convince themselves that it's having such an effect.
2) 5X2 Power Jerks @ 85% – rest 60 sec.
I asked Sydney if Amy Grant was as wonderful as she thought she was. She replied, “No.” And (after my face expression showed concern) she then added, “She was way more happy and joyful and loving and caring than I ever thought she would be. It felt like I was the only one she cared about but that she could also care about everyone else, too.”
Tainted love, tainted love, tainted love, tainted love
and laughed, shattering her innocence, and "from that moment
concert at the Royal Festival Hall. Almost certainly the young George Benjamin himself must have attended concerts here at some time. As the various school choirs and ensembles filed onto the platform, my heart leapt with joy that a new generation would be able to take part in a musical experience like this. The audience was filled with family and friends, and some very young siblings indeed. So well behaved that they were a credit to enlightened parents. Even if the very little ones cried, that was fine. When children are brought up like this, they learn to listen, not only to music, but to themselves and to others.
tfl and have a great day!
......I grew both of these trees from little cobnuts sent to me by a friend in Hampshire. I planted them about 10 years ago and they grew and flourished but this is the very first time they have ever had any catkins on them and as the spring comes they will lengthen and fluff up and I shall have some little lamb's tails blowing in the wind. I am thrilled to little pieces:)
“We believe that at the time, they were shot, at least five of the six were, on the defendant’s property,” Captain Barnes said. “We believe the sixth animal may have been shot on the owner’s property.”
The Springboks later attributed their victory in that historic final 1995 match to the secret 16th player. Nelson Mandela turned up in the dressing room in the minutes before the match, wearing a Springbok shirt with the number of the captain, Francois Pienaar, on his back. He told the team that he was proud of them. Apparently this moved Pienaar near to tears, and the cameras revealed that Pienaar was so overcome that he was hardly able to sing the national anthem before the match began.
The rest of this first volume is dedicated to Johnson's poetry, including two longer poems, a five act tragedy in verse, and a series of shorter poems and epitaphs (including about 30 pages of poems in Latin). The strongest section for me was the tragedy, Irene, which is beautifully written and appropriately tragic. Definitely something worth reading out loud.
Located in the fashionable Portobello area, Wall & Keogh is a refreshing change of pace and gives Dublin a place to socialise if bars and pubs aren’t your thing. With its quirky interior, relaxing outdoor area and cosy downstairs space, you soon feel at home, or at least you feel homely.
Jeff and I have been frustrated lately. Our family hasn't felt much like a team. We go to work, the kids go to school. The kids have fun, we work hard all day. We come home and the kids immediately start demanding food and drinks and more. So our last topic of business was a refresher on basic house rules- respecting each other. Patience, respect, listening.
The annual event is sponsored by Machinists Union District Lodge 751 and is a fundraiser for Guide Dogs of America. The California-based charity provides guide dogs for blind or vision-impaired people from across the United States and Canada.
This means that on January 2, 2009 (the first business day after the law takes effect) I will be able to go to the town in which I was born, and request a copy of my original birth certificate. I still get chills just thinking about it. What this will mean to me is hard to put into words, but I think about it all the time. What’s her name? It will be right there, on a piece of paper in my hand. Something I’ve waited my whole life to find out.
- A-shirts (known, disgustingly and colloquially, as "wifebeaters" PLEASE STOP CALLING THEM THIS) without something over it to completely obscure the fact that it's there at all.
curdled meow mix
Stressed out of mind.
The band previewed that cover track, Willie Nelson's 'Blue Eyes Crying In The Rain' last night at a show in the Netherlands and its caused a stir among the hard core UB40 faithful known as 'Loonies'. The song became Nelson's first number one hit as a singer in October, 1975, and at year's end was the third-biggest song on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart. In 2004, Rolling Stone ranked "Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain" #302 on its list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
Joy Lawn, the director of global evidence and policy for Save the Children and co-editor of the report, said that the study dispels the notion that premature births are rare.
But isn’t there anything I can do to help?
The achievement might not merit a visit from top brass if it happened at one of the city's elite, selective enrollment high schools. But Urban Prep, a charter school that enrolls all comers in one of Chicago's most beleaguered neighborhoods, faced much more difficult odds.
“Really? I can have one?” She took Dad’s hand as we walked away.
Punishment varies from a fine or imprisonment of up to ten years, or both; and if death results, or if such acts include kidnapping or an attempt to kidnap, aggravated sexual abuse or an attempt to commit aggravated sexual abuse, or an attempt to kill, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned for any term of years, or for life, or may be sentenced to death.
“Friend…” I sat back down. I really didn’t have anything to do and the teary eyes between the wrinkles of his face were too pathetic for me to just leave without showing him some common courtesy. “I have to tell you the truth buddy,” his voice came out cracked and deep, the history of packs a day came flowing out on the words from his lips. “I never told you the truth so I’ve gotta tell you now.”
Pass onward from Shalott.
1. This is not love, when you neglect each other’s soul.(26 ) Do you believe that you have immortal souls, and an endless life of joy or misery to live? Then you MUST know that your great concern and business is, to care for those souls, and for the endless life. Therefore if your love does not help one another in this which is your main concern, it is of little worth, and of little use. Every thing in this world is as valuable as it is useful. A useless or unprofitable love, is a worthless love. It is a trifling, or a childish, or a beastly love, which helps you but in trifling, childish, or beastly things. Do you love your wife, and will leave her in the power of Satan, or will not help to save her soul? What! love her, and yet let her go to hell? and rather let her be damned than you will be at the pains to endeavor her salvation? Never say you love them, if you will not labour for their salvation.
Those who survived the shooting massacre are bracing for the horror to return during the trial.
Latest Electronic Gadgets
brother Paddy, who hips her to a lot of world music. (He
Nothing had prepared me for Honolulu…”
I was occasionally forgetting to breathe by this point, so the interval offered a welcome opportunity to inhale deeply (and restore circulation to cramped limbs, as we were sitting very still in the balcony.) "Night," like "Ich bin der Welt abhanden gekommen," offered a reflection on death as peace, but focused on the turmoil of the world, rather than its abandonment. Shostakovich's "Immortality," with eerie harmonies at the extremities of the keyboard, destabilized the calm certainties of Mahler with a hallucinatory meditation on the remembrance of the dead by the living... and of the living by the dead. Here came the last turn of the evening, towards increasingly angry and surreal confrontations with mortality. Goerne's superb use of text in "Revelge" kept me spellbound, with an ever-increasing sense of unheimlichkeit infusing the drummer's refrain. Andsnes brought out powerful echoes of Russian church music in the piano part of "Death," which set words of bitter, human rage to a solemnly liturgical melody. The drumrolls of "Der Tamboursg'sell" were evoked with chilling effect by the piano, and Goerne's delivery was of an apparent simplicity alert to layers of tragedy, with ironic emphasis given to "Leibkompanie," his last "Gute Nacht" dying into a stricken silence.
They joke sometimes about the things my husband has had to take over that I originated. To me, this is not a joke but it is heartbreaking. What about the years from 1-13 when I did everything for them? It makes me want to cry. Now they know their Dad makes them lunches at night and greets them in the early morning. Even my “Mommy’s Famous Cheese Sauce” became “Daddy’s Cheese Sauce.” It is NOT a joke for me, nor will it ever be, I find no humor in my own personal failings.
What about you? Any good finds lately?
To dance with my father again…”
We’ll peal, united, for freedom’s cause;
Think you want to die.
to the point of fantasizing about being a master chef some day
Sh*t Book Bloggers Say
4 May 2012, Publication – and still more on Book Signings
2) Post your creation to your blog or online gallery with a mention and link to this post; and
“From the earliest days, the Rothschilds appreciated the importance of proximity to politicians, the men who determined not only the extent of budget deficits but also the domestic and foreign policies…” – Niall Ferguson
Before more branches pull and snare,
Since Mo Ibrahim is never going to be able to afford to pay more than what a smallish arms deal yields maybe he should consider dumping the project and give up on the fruitless search for a credible African politician. The money would be better spent on people who are not politicians. There are plenty of remarkable South Africans of all races who do much more to create a better world than do the politicians. They don't drive around in fancy BMWs paid for by the taxpayer or have lunches costing R100 000. They just get on with difficult tasks in very difficult circumstances. They are the people who deserve an award and a pile of cash. Or preferably, just the cash.
“That’s just your opinion.” I hear this, or variants thereof, all the time, especially in my classes, where anything having to do with religion, theology, ethics, or philosophy seems reducible to opinion. To be sure, appeals to opinion–to the right to have an opinion–are often motivated by a well-meaning attempt to respect others. More often than not, however, I think that such appeals function as excuses for intellectual laziness and a more general apathy, an apathy that equalizes all forms of knowledge. And such apathy is far from neutral.
Valerie puts her federal reserve notes where her mouth is. This chick actually infected the ze local partee and has been building a base from the inside since the last time we and Ron Paul danced this waltz. I can only imagine how she endured the disingenuous smiles, shakes of the hand and pats on the back at the monthly eat ins from the sagging stalwarts now attempting to spit in the face of what she has heavily helped to build. Yet there she stands in the gap doing the best she can to attempt for both sides to come to a reasonable conclusion and callin’ em as she’s seein’ em. Then the unthinkable happens which makes this little lady roar with her still, small voice in utter disgust.
The Statesman says tire slashing has been rampant in Hyde Park for 15 years, but I can personally attest that it’s been going on for at least 18 years. Back in 1993, when I lived in a decrepit apartment at the corner of 39th and Speedway, it wasn’t uncommon to see two or more cars with two or more slashed tires in the streetside parking lot. He never got me, though.
I'm always happy to admit it if I'm wrong, and I was very wrong about this album at first. It took a long time for the serpentine structures and bracing, staggering rhyme schemes of this experimental hip-hop outfit to sink in with me. If at first I found it simply impenetrable, I've still been compelled to revisit Black Up over and over again until it opened up its delights to me. And it's packed with plenty of delights. The work of former Digable Planets MC Ishmael Butler and multi-instrumentalist Tendai Maraire, Black Up is a dense and unusual hip-hop album, which is why it required some period of adjustment. Butler's raps are often just simplistic repeated chants, incantatory announcements intoned over woozy, drunken beats that seem to be stumbling over each other. At other times, the rapper delivers pattering, fast-paced verses packed with clever wordplay. The music is by turns jazzy, soulful, and discordant, often within a single track, and there's almost always a heavy, buzzing bass presence that allows the complex song structures to hang together. There's even room, on the record's back end, for guest appearances from female soul duo THEEsatisfaction, whose voices provide a contrast against Butler's nasal raps on a few tracks, especially the fractured lounge-jazz of "Endeavors For Never." This is bold, exciting music, all the more rewarding for the time it took me to get used to its intriguingly askew approach to hip-hop. [buy]
Thomas Campbell
362And image charms he must behold no more;
Thank you for the response. Do you know anything about his death (further than what was in that article)? Do you think it was an arranged accident? How horrible would that be? I remember the one time I was watching a video on youtube on how to fold the fitted sheet (have you ever tried to do this? It’s impossible!) and I started to sniff and I swore I smelled feces. I looked around the room and low and behold, there was a pile of feces on the carpet. I immediately blamed the dog for it but wouldn’t you know, my room mate defecated on the floor and arranged this accident to make it look like it was the dogs fault. The nerve of that man! I made him clean it up and grounded him for a week for that sneaky trick.
Yes, numerous studies have shown that people who skip breakfast tend to be more overweight than those who eat breakfast. But correlation does not equal causation -- meaning that while these studies have frequently been interpreted as "skipping breakfast makes you fat," they should be seen through a lens of, "people who skip breakfast tend to be overweight."
He was also surprised that Brighton's fever of 101 last night was down and normal at 98.5 this morning at the visit. I told him I had some great home remedies if he was interested. :) I'm looking forward to Owen's visit on Thursday and seeing what he has to say about my little giant.
-All of the actors are what really make this film. The story itself is pretty standard, and often falls into rom-com clichés. But the enthusiasm of all the actors make this worth watching. Aside from Segel and Blunt, the two most interesting characters in the film were Chris Pratt (Parks & Rec) and Alison Brie (Community). NBC Thursday represent! I believe, to my memory, every line those two had in the entire film were hilarious. There were also great supporting roles from Brian Posehn, Chris Parnell (who’s always great as a broken down shell of a man), Mindy Kaling, and Kevin Hart.
The prize for each winner is a $10 gift card from either iTunes or Amazon. CONTEST ENDS FRIDAY, AUGUST 12TH. Happy posting!!!
The one below is mine:
Hello again....Hopefully you have been enjoying the previews for this release over at Tickled Pink Stamps. Today we are previewing I think my favourite of the release Lil Futuristic Christina......I actually needed some tags so I decided to make some using the other Lil Lolita's from this release too and here is what I came up with.
Second, there is the whole issue of time and eternity. The more I’m forced to think about eternal persons (which, admittedly, isn’t very often), the more confused I become. It seems to be an incredibly difficult conceptual feat to make any sense of eternal minds or eternal intentional states. You could see this in my discussion of God’s creative act which made use of temporal words like “priority” and “before” even after I had accepted that God’s intentions must be non-temporal. Craig likes to object to an infinite regress of past events on the grounds that accepting such a possibility comes at the theoretical cost of accepting numerous paradoxes. But I’m not so sure that accepting the possibility of non-temporal persons comes at an even larger theoretical cost (I’m also not sure that all paradoxes are theoretically costly).
My exercise of choice since Maisie was born is walking with the pram. It's quite convenient, actually. You can walk with the single pram, or the double. You can walk with one dog tied to the pram, or two dogs (it's when you've got the double pram, with a dog tied to either side, and the son on the scooter ahead of you that "well-meaning" people feel the need to comment on your lack of contraception. Have you noticed that? "My, my, you've got your hands full!!" Or, "Goodness, you must be busy!" Or my favourite, "You're a glutton for punishment!" To all of them I reply, "This is nothing - you should see how many I've got at home").
She leashes me and takes me outside. She lets me relieve myself and then leads me to the car.
N.J. Office of Homeland Security Preparedness
Ok on to the Challenge: Here is what the lovelies over at PCI have to say…
Long-term exposure to stress can lead to serious health problems. Chronic stress disrupts nearly every system in your body. It can raise blood pressure, suppress the immune system, increase the risk of heart attack and stroke, contribute to infertility, and speed up the aging process. Long-term stress can even rewire the brain, leaving you more vulnerable to anxiety and depression.
You don’t really decide to be a champion. You choose your habits and those habits decide your destiny – championship. Think about that! I think it was Aristotle, the Greek philosopher that made the remarkable observation: “We are what we repeatedly do. Success therefore is not an act but a habit.”
Me: “How is he out to get you?”
What serious plans do you have for 2012?
and death as it pertains to sex
Tell us at least one thing you added to a character in your upcoming work that is based on your personality (or that of someone you know).
Friday the 23rd – Dave Swarbrick @ The Newhampton Arts Centre, Wolverhampton – The usual “any given month must feature at least one of the Watersons/Carthys” rule seems to be having a rare break, so have someone affiliated with them instead (see also the 7th).
My two exhibits of local photography, “Of Harps and Fig Leaves” and “Carnegie Photographed”, are once again on display in the Reception Hall at Andrew Carnegie Free Library & Music Hall. Stop by to peruse them and read the notes on the photos, or if you aren’t local, I have provided links to slide shows of each of the exhibits. Photos are for sale, and each sale benefits the ACFL&MH Capital Campaign.
Victory Song by Scott H. Biram
I not sure what the program was he was operating, but watching a fellow bounce along as if he was driving a vehicle on a rough road was pretty well calculated to bring a smile to most faces.
Giampaolo Babetto
Another side of accounting and finance is bookkeeping. Students can complete an online degree program in bookkeeping to gain the knowledge to produce accurate and efficient financial statements. Students learn about accounting by working through business-oriented courses and money management. After a general foundation is gained students study tax depreciation, payroll, inventory, and entry adjustment.
I could not, of course, catch Rajya Sabha TV live to follow the actual course of events. But today’s “uncorrected debates” made available on the Rajya Sabha website this evening (which you can read here) show that the House began discussion on the Copyright (Amendment) Bill, 2010 towards the end of the day. As speculated in an earlier post here, there was very little time to debate the Bill in any substantive way. As soon as the Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha took up the Bill in the house, a few parliamentarians, notably Mr M V Mysura Reddy, raised a ‘Point of Order’. (A Point of Order is an issue raised in the course of parliamentary debate whenever it appears that a rule may have been broken. Usually, the issue has to be resolved before parliament may continue).
Thanks to the community for helping to make the best decision for the University.
Tells me from you that now it is bed-time.
That's all for now.........If any of you have any tips or advice for me for quit day please let me know!
I just checked it out. Looks like there are about 8-10 $55 heads up games running at any given moment, so I should be able to sustain this up to the $55 dollar level. Let me just imagine for a moment what it would be like with a 60% record at that level. 24 wins, 16 losses – 40 x 2.50 = $100 in fees. 8 x 55 = $440 per day. Now, do that for 7 da0ys a week and your looking at a six figure salary per year… not to mention you’d be in a pretty darn good class of Full Tilt Points. 2.50 = 25 points per game x 40 = 1000 per day. After 50 days you’d be at Black Card Status making 2x points, which would be about 2k per day. Roughly 1/2 million per year. You can get alot of stuff with that.
We are currently in potty training mode over here so I thought it was an ok time to ditch the changing pad on the dresser. I definitely wanted to add more play space on the floor for playing and I felt like eliminating the giant yellow dresser from the room would be a good idea. However, it was painted especially for her by yours truly, and we really need the clothes storage. Like, really!!! She's quite the fashionista :)
And then that steel mesh. It's razor-edged when you cut it, but I was careful, and lost almost no blood.
You never need to carry more than you can hold
Am I attempting to change the definition of marriage according to Australian law? Well, yes, obviously that’s what I want – but it’s been done before, more than once, and will be no doubt be done again, either for this reason or some other. So it’s neither ridiculous nor impossible.
*Set List*
Where can we share our work?
RN Salary = $50,000 – 90,000 (about 50% float in the median to upper bracket)
We stayed for about an hour. During that time, only one other kid appeared – a toddler who was probably 18 months old. At first my kids enjoyed having the place to themselves. They ran up the slides. They hopped from empty swing to empty swing. They scurried up the little climbing wall over and over. But soon the absence of other kids to watch and to play with left them bored and ready to leave.
She looked at him in surprise. “I didn’t know you could draw!”
Their quest brings them to the library where Satoshi and main character #4, Mayaka, are. Just looking for the old anthologies would be pretty boring so this is dropped for now and instead Mayaka introduces a new mystery. Oh, but first Satoshi tells us about something that’s totally irrelevant and nobody actually cares about. Seriously, why bother with the Konya festival thing? Maybe it’s important in a later episode or something? Seems like we’re going to have a greater mystery soon, so that might make sense.
here inside my heart.
it was all ‘stuff’ and ‘things’
Anne-Marie reminded me broadly of Cathy Cassidy, and yet still managed to do something fresh and her own with the genre. When I read most writers’ efforts in this area I end up cringing; all too try-hard and faux cool. Anne-Marie felt like the real deal, albeit with work still to do in terms of shaping. But it’s always the potential that grabs me. And that’s why I signed Anne-Marie as my client!
For those who are wondering....
You may remember from my previous post that I
Hi again! We are excited to be back at Classic Bride and sharing a board based around another of our favorite flowers - the anemone!
- I'm seriously going to keep these products on hand at ALL times!
I'll be launching a new mini e-Class on the Girlie Grunge site EVERYDAY in June. Each e-Class will cost ONLY $5... OR you can sign up for the "Mega-Class" and instead of all 30 classes costing you $150, you will only pay $100!
Arabella Trefoil is about to settle for whatever husband she can find:
As well I was asked quite few times what is included in my gift for the first one to sign up.
books, music...whatever you like
3) Where should I go?
I'm so afraid of waking
Nutritionists suggest that vegans and vegetarians work to consume a more balanced diet. They should increase their intake of omega 3-fatty acids and oily fish, walnuts, and other nuts. Dietary supplements can assist vegans and vegetarians in getting the nutrients that their diets do not provide. The real message of this study is to eat a balanced diet. Our bodies have a natural need for protein, iron, and other nutrients. Don’t jeopardize your body out of fear or ignorance. Embrace a healthy diet of balance and moderation!
Of course, all the typical items go in: rabbi's message, mazel tovs and condolences, upcoming events, times and dates of the upcoming holidays, and any other important stuff.
The why.
Mike regarded him with a smile. “Pretty street smart for a white kid.” Mike placed a hand on Marley’s shoulder and knelt down so he could talk soft. “We don’t keep nothing at Piper’s. This is from all the junkies that come in here after we close shop for the night. It’s like this in every building. What wouldn’t be smart is looking different from those other buildings.” He patted Marley on the back and proceeded on into Piper’s apartment.
It is astonishing, or should be, that the right of people to be mildly satirical about sacred figures should even be in question in this day and age. No doubt UCLU thought it was being sensitive, inclusive and progressively liberal in demanding the atheist society remove the cartoon. But it was not. It was the action of illiberal bullies.
Gary died and his widow rather suddenly took the publishing rights away from those companies that had been publishing LA, effectively shutting the game down. Promising to publish the game anew under Gygax Games, the years are ticking by with no glimmer of hope on the horizon. Al of Beyond the Black Gate wrote a good post on the subject back in 2009 and it's worth reading the comments he got too.
Simon Pulse, 2012
After a while you learn that even sunshine burns if you get too much so you plant your own garden, and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting for someone to bring you flowers.
i) ‘Give alms to the poor.’
"Wh-what are you?" mocked the doll. "Isn't that kind of obvious? I'm a laughing, crying, moving, living doll. I can do everything you do... well, most of it anyway. I don't, for example, use the bathroom. Thank goodness." He tittered.
And it certainly was.
Stretch the fiber really tight and put on the eyelid where I want to make fake line for figuring double eyelid.
a pile of DMC thread ~ every color that they make ~
05-Secret World
In 154 pages of hilarious writing, the first three books of the Twilight saga are parodied. We follow the story of Belle Goose and her romance with Edwart Mullen. Belle is pale and clumsy, and upon her arrival in Switchblade, Oregon, she’s looking for an undead classmate to hang around with.
Be like Jesus. Talk about Jesus.
Service: Traditional Waitstaff
My Grandmother passed a way a few years ago at the good age of 96. While helping my Aunt go through her things, I remember thinking...I wonder if she did take the examiner up on his offer and if we would find a small jar with a well-manicured finger, nestled in her closet. Of course, this never happened. Just a really nice collection of costume jewelry:)
Zonegran reaches it’s peak level in the blood in 2-4 hours without food, 4-6 hours with food. It’s half-life, or the amount of time it takes for the blood level to fall by 50%, is 50-70 hours for the plasma, and up to 105 hours for the red blood cells. Trying to cut back on a drug with two incredibly long half-lives is the only reason I can come up with for why I feel great one day and get so close to having a seizure the next. Fortunately I’m not smart enough to figure it all out. I’m just dependent.
I appreciate you input and I am looking forward to your responses!
So things are moving here at the farm. We look forward to seeing what God has in store for us.
L - Chopped Chicken Salad
Make sure that you work your body evenly. Do the same exercises with your left arm as with your right. If you worry that your dominant hand is compensating for the other, weaker arm, use dumbbells instead of barbells some of the time. Don't neglect your back muscles while focusing on your chest, or your hamstrings while working on your quads. Strength imbalances can put you at risk for an injury.
When asked for an explanation, Epstein referred the Sunday Times to SAA. He also declined to comment on an additional 291000 expired miles that were reinstated in June last year.
But now it’s more of a guest room, and I feel bad EVERY time we have someone come stay.
You’ll notice that some of the tool icons have small black triangles in their bottom right-hand corners. These icons contain hidden treasures! The triangle indicates that there are more related tools available; if you click on the tool icon and hold it down, a “flyout” menu will appear, displaying the additional tools.
Anti-nuke protesters have started their fourth indefinite hunger strike at Idinthakarai Lourde Matha Church grounds on Tuesday afternoon. Twenty five villagers representing four villages have gone on an indefinite hunger strike. From 4 May onwards, women will also join the protests. According to Dr SP Udayakumar, convener, People’s Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE), the people of the affected villages decided to relaunch their agitation against the commissioning of the nuclear plant in Koodankulam.
The concern now is to find a balance and clarity.
We have that identical picture here. The two men are killed. They are hung, and then Ahasuerus promotes this wicked man Haman.
By the end of this decade it is a fair bet that millions of printable objects will be available for download in a new App Store type market. These items will be designs in flux – redesigned and remixed by the crowd, and printed at home or on demand by a printing service. A number of online libraries of printable objects already exist and have seen dramatic growth: In the space of 18 months Shapeways, one 3D printing service and objects library, saw a tenfold growth in the number of objects uploaded to its system. And just as the iPhone was sold from 2007 as platform for millions of apps, consumer take up of 3D printers will accelerate as ownership of one becomes a conduit to an almost infinite number of objects.
The Adopt a Word program is a clever means of fundraising for I CAN. For a SMALL donation you can adopt one word for an entire year. You get a certificate and everything. I'm not sure if you can collect royalties on the usage of the word, but you can certainly ask. The worst they can do is tell you no. (Actually, the worst they could do is laugh in your face and say your crazy.) But still it's worth a try.
How Ireland Selects our National Representative.
The officers’ report said some areas of hard standing had been created on the site, but the application did not seek permission to retain the mobile home – that decision would be taken by the South Downs National Park when the temporary permission expired in October, 2013.
Such thought—such thought have I that hold it tight
The school’s NEW World Languages enrichment classes allow students to explore the cultures and customs of the Spanish and Hmong speaking worlds.
After 11 days or so, they run out of food, and the last week it is no food, only two cups of water a day, one in the morning and one in the afternoon. Once, sharks circle the boat for several hours. (Apparently, it is not uncommon for asylum seekers to be scared by this and choose to throw someone to sharks in the belief that the sharks will attack the boat if not. Fortunately that did not happen in this case.)
I don't feel like I make any bigger of a mess doing all 5 dinners than if I just do one. Most utensils are reused during the assembly hour. Here is a look at an assembly session mess.
Such experiences large and small shape our writing.
Crystal Malt
The drawings are quite close to the other artwork in this issue. The neater, trimmer affect doesn't dim the charm of this long single story.
Hearing? I hear the tick-toc-tic-oc of the clock on the wall behind me. The time on its face is useless to me; I cannot comprehend what the hands on the clock are saying to me.
Further rolling down the path of revelations, it struck me that what was also open to me was the opportunity to learn a new language, to explore new avenues for purposeful activity (i.e., writing), to create a vast new network of friends, and to have experiences unknown to me in my Stateside existence.
These pancakes are the original way that I made beer pancakes and are by far the easiest way to add beer to your breakfast. I just bought some instant pancake mix and instead of adding water, I add beer. No one can mess this up.
without the resistance
4) Having to pay extra money for a hot cup at Dunks to put over my iced coffee cup so it doesn’t leak everywhere or melt instantly. I’m already paying three bucks for a coffee that is 50% ice, which is free. So cut me a break on the cup, ok?
My kids like it even better this way because its like a slushy!
Nothing really special planned for the day. I just felt like dressing in vibrant colors to match my just-touched-up hair (bye-bye grays!)
But I found myself in the midst of trees on a major feast that was “green.” I was simply baffled.
SUMMER BREEZE
remain unsaid: let snow fall, snow fall and keep us
Lee said, “He was very positive in his approach, which was amazing. He never used profanity when coaching. He was just a very steady person and a good role model.”
These two images sent to me by Linda Snyder, and taken by Matlock Bath photographer John Clark, portray an occupation which is far less equivocal. William Mottram (c.1813-1879) is shown as an ostler in the 1861 Census, and as a labourer ten years later, but Linda tells me that he was employed as a coachman at the time these portraits were taken.
I’ve always been pretty good at saving, but it was spending that I needed to work on and I don’t mean that I needed to spend more. After reading some of the Thrifty Chicks' posts, I realized that I wasn’t always fulfilling my thrifty living mantra, not to mention doing my part for the planet. The cheapest option isn’t always the best option. The best option and, therefore, the best use of my money, is the clothing and the wares that are good quality and going to last. Only in the reuse market can you consistently find items that are both good quality and inexpensive.
Are also death
The main wildflower I saw on the way up were wild mustard, but I've got plenty of pictures of them, already. In addition to the red poppy I mentioned above, there was a single bush of California Poppies and quite a bit of phlox in bloom.
With the stores crammed with new and fresh items, it seems like my mind draws a blank on my past season possessions. If I listened to myself come spring I'd be almost naked with next to nothing to put on which is obviously is far from true.
A special thanks to Dee over at Dee's Bugaboo Boutique for creating this digi stamp for me with the Bible verse on it. "And let us not grow weary while doing good, for in due season we shall reap if we do not lose heart." Galatians 6:9
Filipinos today are conditioned to accept that Spanish was never a Filipino language. But you know, there was a generation of Filipinos that treasured this language so much that they (and their families) had their lapidas (memorials) dedication in Spanish. We need not only appreciate the tradition in Spanish but also understand it.
What I like: As a writer, I often want to get away from it all, live alone, concentrate on nothing but words and lapping waters and the song of bees. This poem sums up that unattainable desire perfectly.
Oct 26 Pittsburgh, PA — Benedum Center
Slow Fade by Casting Crowns
Betaken by your light.
It was pretty intense.
Ok, so I must know, which Reader Space featured on IHeart Organizing, has inspired you to tackle a space in your home? How did it go?
“Treason”
Back in 2010, I wrote that I use old wall calendars as drawer liners. Though not quite card stock, the paper of these calendars is thick and, therefore, very strong; except for a good wiping every now and then, I haven't had to change them since. Which means that I now have two years' worth of calendar paper.
room watching CNN
“If the Prophet Muhammad himself were to join this revolution, they would issue a fatwa pronouncing it a heresy.
age: 3-5
Madness to play in Mexico City in 2012!:
Post-practice beers and lunch was called for at Rocky River Brewing Company. It was great to get to meet some new friends and catch up with others.
Mr Obama arrived in Afghanistan on a surprise visit to sign an agreement on future Afghan-US ties with President Hamid Karzai, ahead of a Nato summit.
big pickings
But, back to the recipe.
There’s nothing wrong with that. And I know that there may be some who try to make a deal of that, as you have publicly. But look, I think it’s important for people to make sure that we don’t castigate individuals who have been successful and try and, by innuendo, suggest there’s something wrong with being successful and having investments and having a return on those investments.
14 - Eons Away, They Looked to the Stars 3:31
Here's the bigger picture. The little ones play on the shore while the "big" girls play out in the water. See how far they can go and still be standing.
You'd think a hair net would be about the least tempestuous thing on the planet.......
If you can’t cut spending, then just argue about it for a few decades. I call for an end to all bipartisan cooperation. Start giving me my money’s worth, congresscritters.
During the VII International Colloquium for the Freedom of the Five Cuban Heroes and against Terrorism, held in Holguin, Cuba, last November, Sheehan presented a necklace to the mothers of the Cuban Five to hold until their sons come home. The necklace has special significance to Sheehan, as her son, Casey, who was killed in Iraq during the horrific U.S. occupation of that sovereign country, gave it to her. Casey’s death propelled Sheehan to use every method within her reach to expose and oppose injustice and the U.S. war drive.
It started, as so many things do, with a conversation on Twitter. A chat about the difference between teen books and Young Adult, which morphed into a wider debate about American and British books, and spawned a hashtag #UKYA.
Need I say that most small publishers are quite reluctant to give that high a percentage?
Step 2: Knead the lotus paste well and make 80g balls (or 150g if you think you can do it) . I had difficulty wrapping 150g of paste as my paste as very soft in comparison to my dough. I reduced the amount and decided to wrap them in the same way as I wrap Chinese beef pies - which is not the way to wrap moon cakes, but if you have trouble wrapping it the correct way, I suggest you do what I did!
On Monday, I return to Chicago; on Friday, I start work in New York. Even though my summer plans have just literally fallen apart and somehow fused together again, I am equally excited for a summer in a new city with old friends.
1800 W 17th St, Chicago, IL 60608, USA
I didn't take any photos of her when they were singing as I couldn't see her very well. But when all the performers came back onstage later on, to do their body percussion piece, I was able to snap this happy, smiley shot. The body percussion item was simply called "Rain" and the students used their hands and feet to create a sound like a rainstorm, right from the first whispers of the wind (rubbing their hands together) to the opening sprinkles (clicking their fingers) and on to the heavier rain (slapping their thighs). In the middle of the downpour there was some startling sharp foot stamping which, combined with the lights being flicked on and off, looked and sounded just like thunder and lightening.
All I have wanted my whole life was to be a published author. Sure, I wanted other things, but this dream was the main dream. The one I saw as proof that I had "made" it. Well being on the other side has changed that thinking a bit. I don't want you to think I'm one of those ungrateful authors that is going to say, be careful what you wish
This is NOT a selling point for an author. I want to sign clients who intend to write their fingers to the bone for many many bestselling novels and make me rich and reclusive. Telling me you have another career goal makes it easy to say "not for me." And yes, that's even if I'd liked/loved the book. There are more good books out there than I have slots on my list.
So short sentences and paragraphs can make your actions seem more dramatic. Don’t make the mistake of rushing through your action scenes, though. It may sound like a contradiction, but action scenes have more impact if you slow them down, making the reader wait to find out what happens.
Dayplanner and Resource for Guelph Women. I interviewed twelve women who had achieved success on their own terms. Our then police chief, Lenna Bradburn, was one of those women. We discussed the future of policing and it gave me ideas. Previously, my interest in the future was a couple of centuries ahead, specifically the 23rd Century of the Star Trek universe. Now I looked at real life projections for the next few decades and I started building the world
With her in my arms, I finish filling out the questionnaire. We sit down, watch trains, and calm down. The doc comes in next.
of it, a cleaner that works by getting rid of the bateria. The bacteria that cause oder and other nasty stuff.
all the way.
Zhu JL, Vestergaard M, Hjollund NH, Olsen J. Pregnancy outcomes among female hairdressers who participated in the Danish National Birth Cohort. Scand J Work Environ Health 2006; 32: 61-66.
For the rest of '77 Caldwell posted some wildly pedestrian numbers but did manage to sneak his way back into a rotation. Then in '78 Mike became the yin to the Yang of Bambi's Bangers. He was super stingy in giving up hits and walks and levered the much better Brewers offense into a 22-9 record and a 2.36 ERA and probably would have won the Cy if not for Ron Guidry's amazing season. What he DID won was the AL Comeback Player of the Year and endearment to the Milwaukee fans. Mike wouldn't match those numbers again but he did pretty well the next four years, going a combined 57-39 with about a league-average ERA, including a 17-win season in '82 when the Brewers went to the Series. He had an awfully good Series against St. Louis, going 2-0 with a 2.04 ERA, though he came out on the losing end. In '83 he won 12 although the ERA popped half a run and in '84 as the Brew Crew was running out of gas he went 6-13 in his final season. Mike finished with a record of 137-130 with a 3.81 ERA, 98 complete games, and 23 shutouts. He went 2-2 with a 4.03 ERA in six post-season games.
was all I knew
But the former Bar Council president’s call was not heard by most of the crowd who persisted around the historic square which the court had already barred to the public over the weekend.
the box tipped over and the blocks spilled out across the rug.
Last week while I was lying wide awake in bed at night, it hit me that I have never made Tiramisu..yet! Then the next thought was can I make a Tiramisu cake?! Told hub excitedly next morning…..he was fine with that but was a little inhibhited about that much coffee in the cake.
Until now, Interpretatio-style syncretisms have been taken as matters of equation: that Sulis is the same as Minerva, or that Apollon is the same as Maponos, or Dionysos is the same as Shiva, or Dionysos is the same as Osiris, and so forth. This accounts for the (somewhat dismissive) part of the definition of syncretism above that indicates syncretism suggest “an underlying unity.” However, I don’t think this is necessarily the case–it only seems that way from a modern perspective, and particularly from a modern monotheistic perspective, which cannot bear the notion that polytheism really exists and that such plurality and diversity can be encompassed in a singular term without some notion of equation, union, or synonymity.
It was Ostara morning, and the trout were spawning in the creek.
***Twitterer Of The Week***
The Supreme Court just decided to only give the government 2 weeks to destroy the homes. The new unity government is likely to do it. But they’ll probably compensate the owners at least. We'll know in a few weeks if they are really losers here or not.
in this neighborhood,
Border stamp is Fiskars
Very fire and brimstone. Also very black and white: here are some types of people; these types of people will not inherit the kingdom of God. It’s almost as simple a statement as “And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.”
1 Tyranny Of Stars (8:48)
Pro-Ject your dreams TODAY
VERBERK MM, RUIGE P. Griepvaccinatie en ziekteverzuim bij gezonde werknemers. Een observationeel onderzoek. TBV 1999; 7: 46-49.
like a stash of daggers to the sky
Our God is a forgiving God when we repent of our sins and He longs to restore us to fellowship with Him.
Charlie and Avery were in Heaven.
Shannon Cardinal, who is in the process of getting divorced, is alleged to have travelled to the teen’s home out of state where they had sex when his parents were out.
**** That made me suffer like this. It is not fair for me, You know that i am on the top too. you know that i am not just a woman. stand by out there & anywhere **** But why instead of them who truly shows that they're care for me why i just have only attention on you.? my focus my attention my time really no cared to anybody But why? why you're so cold so cruel I am sad so terrible in pain. **** Still I need you, even though still i like you Still i want you, Still i care for you and Still I love you. **** Love is blind my love You teach me that That's what I am now
The ingredient list was very small, and I already had most of what I needed in my refrigerator. Plus, Financiers are French, so that added to my motivation; For those of you who are unfamiliar with Financiers, they could be best described as small, moist sponge-like tea cakes that usually have a dome on top. They are golden and buttery, and their name comes from the french word for “bar of gold,” because this is what they resemble in their purest form (financier=finance=bar of gold…an easy way to remember the word.) Legend also states that the cakes became popular in Paris’s financial district, and thus received their name…But I like to picture them as little gold coins.
The Art of Fielding by Chad Harbach (audio)
The surprising commitment effectively bars Obama and his successors from launching another nighttime helicopter raid like the one that that killed Osama bin Laden. That raid has proven to be Obama’s primary foreign-policy success because it killed bin Laden, scooped up much intelligence data and shocked Pakistan.
She confirmed that the formula bought yesterday was from government stock and should have been given free to poor HIV- positive mothers.
the demon inside.
Like to live here forever, your love so enduring,
Guest post of the week by Deangelo Spencer
Can't blame her.
When you pin your body pieces together, you should have a fabric "sandwich" with the Goomba's facial features and the straps in the middle (right sides facing each other).
Most of the time the answer is no.
The first act, FearNoMusic is an avant-garde string quartet that also brings in a percussionist for one song & a pianist for another. The song involving the pianist is the third in their set, a duet between piano & the first violinist, the piece by a Japanese minimalist composer; the impossibly keening tone of the violin over the rippling piano arpeggios draws me in, & from that moment on the concert transports me.
It is time for elderberry syrup again. I cannot praise this lovely berry and the syrup made from it enough. I just love it.
The legendary hero enlists the help of the gods to steal the golden fleece.
This bunch of dead people return a lot faster than usual and so Francesco and Gnaghi are kept busy putting down the zombie scouts. They also have to deal with Claudio’s girlfriend who has heard the rumour that the dead come back to life and she refuses to leave his grave. Claudio was buried with his motorbike and when he returns he does so riding his bike. Francesco can’t manage to shoot him and can’t do anything to stop his girlfriend riding off with him. When he catches up with them Francesco shoots Claudio but the bullet ricochets and kills his girlfriend too. Francesco think he could be in trouble but decides to bury the girl in Claudio’s grave anyway.
It happens often. Sometimes plot necessitates a loss of story. Characters make a decision that feels disingenuous or unnatural for them. I don’t mean an act that forces them to go against their nature, which can be an important moment in their development, I mean a choice freely made. When it happens you recognize that the writer is manipulating things to bring about a certain outcome. The best analogy I can think of is watching a play. Rather than having the curtain go down for the stage to be rearranged, you catch the stage workers in the act. They intrude into the scene and start moving furniture while the curtain is still up. Your focus shifts entirely to them. Plot is an essential mechanic. Even the most literary book needs motion, for something to happen, but at the same time, obvious rearrangement and changes for the sake of the plot can throw the reader out of the story. It takes a careful hand to shoehorn in a game changing plot event in so short a medium as comics.
I actually haven't had this in a long time, but I fucking love it. Have since I was a kid. It takes about 5 hours to cook in the oven, but it's so worth it.
You can write whatever pops into your head but try to be original.
She goes on to say that most of us have to decide what we're going to give up in order to make art a priority, such as TV and the internet (except for blogging, of course). I have to agree; it's all about prioritizing. I rarely watch TV, except for the news and a couple of other shows. I don't have a social life, and my house probably isn't the cleanest, if you know what I mean. My husband graciously does most of the cooking. I try to answer emails, but sometimes it takes me a while. Sometimes I forget to respond to comments on my blog posts, but that's due to the age of my brain, and is not at all intentional.
The problem with this mythic monolith should the feces hit the impeller is that according to the recommended list of contents you realize you need a bug out trunk, not a bag. For a new comer to the area of self-preservation it can all be a bit mind numbing, akin to putting together a tricycle blind folded three hours before sun up on Christmas morning.
I wrote a poem about being murdered last night. In the middle of the night came the words to a poem that compared abuse and a hitman so quickly that I wrote it without even really thinking about it. But, sure, I can wait until Tuesday.
As for storing dimesional pages.....there really is no way to avoid a little smush unless you are placing your project in a shadow box frame or something of the like. But to limit the amount of smush your project receives once you place it in an album, you should store the album upright not lying on it's side. This reduces some of the pressure and weight put on the pages. There will still be some smush especially if you are forced to squeeze the album shut tight to make room for other album storage.
So, I am doing a reverse life list. I am doing cool things first, and then crossing them off. This saves confusion and disappointment. Rather, it is entirely satisfying. Ah, one more item off my list! Why look, everything is off my list!
So, I'll start with the fun stuff. I went in for the big 20 week ultrasound last week. My IP's got to come out and visit too! The ultrasound took about 2 1/2 hours and I had to do a lot of rolling and moving to keep things going along. Laying on my back for that long is very uncomfortable. It was so amazing to see how much these babies have grown in 4 weeks! It was also wonderful to see their parents glued to the screen and hanging on to their every movement. All three babies still look great and are right on target. They are each about 10 inches long now. I guess that means I have about 30 inches of baby in me! Wow! Thank goodness we did not have any surprises this time. The count is still the same and it is still 2 girls and 1 very active boy.
**The RULES**
(PS : Been saving this posting for a long long time. That's a year exactly since my best mate died. He thought it was hilarious that I go so angry at a music magazine.....he always enjoyed laughing out loud when the music snob in me came out like that.)
the goddamned apostles
As in, "Doctor, can you take a look at this little uhblich in my armpit?"
Pappardelle tends to cook rather quickly, so once the texture is soft, remove from water and run it under cold water and leave it to rest.
Not beer blogged for a few days as I’ve not been drinking beer. Been in the lady squeezes bad books since Sunday due to some irresponsible binge drinking. Now I didn’t vomit anywhere or piss in a cupboard. All I did was spend Sunday with a stinking hangover and in her words spoil Sunday’s Mother’s day lunch by looking ill, eating very little, not saying a lot, and sitting silently sipping iced mineral water. It’s not like I’m the life and soul of the party on a good day. Sitting silently is what I do best.
There was a short intake of breath from Brulee. Something had happened. Creme cracked open her eyes to see a faint glow in the orb. It dimmed and flickered when she opened her eyes to look at it, but she steeled her mind and focused on keeping it steady.
A swaying figure came into view. His fingers flexed on the knife handle, trying to get a comfortable grip as he prepared to launch himself out from behind the bushes.
Life is moving on. I’m glad to be feeling stronger and able to function. I am learning to accept myself and my limitations. I am enough. Right now. I am doing enough.
faintly touching their bodies
7. When chicken is cooked (approx. 1-1.5 hrs later, depending on how big your chicken is), remove it from the pot, shred the meat, put it back in the soup. (You can also choose to remove the thyme and bay leaves at this point)
Dear reader.
CALIFORNIA WINE JOB BRIEF: Entered the industry as a wine chemist, but realized I wanted to get more hands on. Went on to cut my teeth at some of Napa Valley’s finest wineries, including Etude, Rubicon and Salvestrin.
The typically American solution, of course, is to let the pilot actually fly the plane. Sure, he will make mistakes. The approach we take is to have a co-pilot, who also may make mistakes. Designs are about tradeoffs. Our way is to err on the side of death via (highly trained) human error because it does better in emergency situations. The French approach is to err on the side of death via computer error because it does better in "normal" situations.
This post constitutes a desperate effort to end a two-month literary drought. If I just start typing, perhaps something akin to writing may emerge, despite the objections of my inner Truman Capote.
We get asked a lot about artificial sweeteners. Are there any good ones? Not really..no pros to think of really…lots of cons…
I beginning to think DCP Mervyn Richardson is the opening act at Barnum and Bailey’s Circus….imagine the database of sex offenders NOW going to be made available to law enforcement officers! So, pardon me, who had access to this list before? I mean seriously? I was actually hoping that the list of charged offenders was now going to be made available to the public (although I was unclear about the legal ramifications for it), but to announce that law enforcement officers going to have access to it begs the questions why didn’t they have it all along? You mean police working in communities and don’t know who and whom have prior records????? What that story isn’t saying is far too disturbing.
“These programs proved to be very successful at providing financial markets the additional liquidity and confidence they needed at a time of unprecedented uncertainty,” says Ancel Martinez, a spokesman for Wells Fargo.
Let me just say, though, that sleying the reed was an actual joy, and so was threading the heddles. I kid you not. Y0u see, Talyn’s beater is just as removable as the shafts! There are six posts, three on each side, spaced equally, for putting the beater in different spots. The beater can be up close to the cloth beam, which is where I had it for sleying, or it can be in the middle or close to the heddles. Just lift it out and place it where you want it. Nice touch!
Considering it’s the first lap and the lab results weren’t fast-tracked, the shapes are becoming visible now behind the broken glass and sweating hardwoods. No surprises yet, really. But knowing this season and the almost psychedelic tremolo that surrounds the participants, we can hope for that depth and charisma back in full echo.
On May 13, we will we spend our first Mother's Day without our mother and on June 17, 2012 we mark the first anniversary of her death. We circle in time, summer, fall, winter, spring - we pass the days of the last year we spent with her, the frightening ones, the day where she felt well enough to shop for shoes, we pass the days I squandered. Those days haunt me so that I must hide from them, and I can only find comfort in: what is an address when she knows who she made.
5) Learned from their Parents
Supporting our local farmers (Check Plus!)
Later he was angry, he was packing my clothes in a suitcase. I had no idea what he was saying to me, I just wished I would hurry up and die. At some point he discovered the tablet packets and empty bottle by the hot tub. He went through my phone and laptop to discover what had been happening.
OUTSTANDING ORDERS as of End of Day 12/31/2010 settled by End of Day 01/31/2011
Now the original narrative just got even more “complicated,” which is what our moral, ethical, and intellectual superiors in the media always say when they’ve failed to dumb down an already-complicated situation. Reuters reports:
fucking Metal!!! This should not be confused with the cock rock band with the same name.
It was too soon to talk about details then but Nosy Crow have just appointed a Digital Product Director, Deb Gaffin, who says she's excited to be in at the beginning of a company that's "thinking of digital from the beginning."
Unseasonal dumping of massive quantities of rain in a very short space of time? Check
When required to deal with “objective verifiable facts” – events captured in audio or video recordings, for instance – Reichert was equivocal and self-contradictory. He was clear and emphatic, however, regarding matters that “were not objectively verifiable” – such as his “conclusions from reading body language `thrown off’ involuntarily from people `trafficking in narcotics.’” Judge Reagan astringently referred to this as Reichert’s conceit that he could behave as a “human polygraph” – an approach that “is wholly subjective and fraught with potential for guess, speculation, conjecture, and
The movie was so good that it probably ruined the book for me. Vera is a thinking woman's actress and I'm thankful that she had the intelligence and thespian guts to do this movie. It's more than just about belief, but about outdated female roles that religion accentuates while the outside world claims to have moved past such sexist silliness.
The farcical War on Terror is a dream come true for the money changers. The war against a ghost that could never surrender because it’s, well, a ghost. Forever war. And the slimiest war mongers of all feverishly masquerade as hardcore fundamentalist Christians. The Prince of Peace would puke.
This bizarre, low-budget film was produced to propagate "the gospel of the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ," at least the one according to the members of this religious sect based in Wheaton, Illinois.
But once its all over and we are still standing…
Anyhoo, here are the cards...
The generous soul of nature,
This discovery emboldened me to approach the Evil Bathroom Scale, and I was surprised to find that I'm hovering right around my pre-pregnancy weight. Granted, that weight has relocated to completely different places on my body now and, after three kids, my skin no longer possesses the tensile strength required to at least hold those pounds somewhere near my skeletal structure. But whatever. Small victories.
Yes, ‘Chloe’ was my first attempt at a children’s novel. As an adult, I mean... As a child I wrote plenty of stories, mostly unfinished, about fairies, ponies and boarding schools.
Hell, the proof was in his “don’t lose organizer” comment! You can write it down as much as you want, but it’s a waste of effort. If you don’t want to do something — take precautions against doing so. Thinking that writing something down repeatedly is something a poor teacher makes a bad student do. It doesn’t actually work as a deterrent, even when voluntary. Nor does singing hymns make you a better person; mindless repetition is meaningless. Critical thought is what counts.
Sweater - VJ-Style
This is fairly unbelievable stuff! I saw what was going on a while ago and I wrote these other pieces getting into the Traffic Court’s mess of worms. I noticed they were bringing in oodles of new cash where previously there was no such revenue source. I also noticed their vast new cash was unaccounted for at that time. Traffic Court had invented their own huge new revenue source. They were dismissing a giant amount of tickets as well as long as fines were paid. Robert Jones, Traffic Court’s chief administrative judge, seems to be the man in the hot seat.
