To Bring you Hope and Cheer
Separating You From The Status Quo. And Bugs.
Dry roast all the ingredients except the peanuts given under 'Peanut spice powder', grind the roasted spices along with raw peanuts as fine powder, keep aside..Cook the jackfruit seeds along with water in a separate vessel until they turns bit soft, drain the water,keep aside..
CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION (CDC). Outbreak of influenza A in a nursing home - New York, Dec. 1991-Jan. 1992. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep 1992; 18: 129-31.
09 - Freebird 11:19
Technically today is usually my blogging day of rest, but Michigan had a noon game, a laugher against Bowling Green State U. After the last few weeks, this was a nice win (albeit against a baby seal of a school). As I write this, Notre Dame and Alabama are losing, so today's going pretty well. I've got the TV muted so I don't have to withstand the ignorance and SEC-fellating of Gary Danielson or the completely biased morons of Notre Dame's Bitch Channel (Tom Hammond is a scary-looking person).
But if you vote yes, I’ll forgive you. I just want to point out the problems before it all gets set in stone. We can always get rid of the bits that don't work at the next AGM.
cost-effective for UBC and does not absolve faculty members and students from
PHYSICAL ACTIVITIES
As for the theater-goer, maybe she should take a page from my book and wait for Shutter Island to be released on Blu-Ray.
Ume’s plans to make Sawako look bad in the eyes of Kazehaya blow up in her face as Ayane and Chizuru’s investigation into the matter turns up the truth behind the beautiful girl. Meanwhile, Sawako comes to a realization about her feelings for Kazehaya as her friend, Chizuru, becomes heartbroken when Ryu’s brother, Toru, drops a major bomb when he comes t visit. Also, with Christmas coming up, will Sawako get a chance to celebrate it with her new friends?
Gilden was unfortunately as bland and boring as Reissdorf. In the words of Rik Mayall before he was hard up enough to do unfunny adverts, "I might as well be listening to Genesis". The initial taste of Gaffel made me think it might be the same, but then the meaty aftertaste comes along and bites you in the nicest possible way. A world apart from the Gilden - same beer style, same price, same appearance, same ABV (why oh why are all Kölschs 4.8%???) but one pisses on the other: Caveat Drinkor. The Kuppers was somewhere between the two.
Luckily I woke up then. I don't think I could have delivered that essay.
Now that the days are warmer, one of the “fights” I have with the kids is to get them to drink enough liquids. Normally for meals the kids will drink a few swallows of milk or water and just keep going.
Now, this is not a new phenomenon. I have always hated running. As a kid, I would run for neighborhood play, but never just for the sake of running. Running while playing street hockey? Check. Running to catch a TD or round the bases? Of course. Running after Joey from across the street to give him a Pop-Tart wedgie? Like the friggin' wind, bro. Running when mom called me home for dinner? Oh baby, yes (unless it was that dogshit-tasting wine chicken.) But running just to run? Stupid, pointless, boring as hell.
Marie
And if I want to get hold of that one too, I'll have to order it online, because like its two predecessors I don't think it's going to be published in the UK, in either hardback or paperback. Which is odd, when you consider that all three books are set in Rucka's Queen & Country universe, and are therefore about the British Secret Intelligence Service. I think there might be a particular reason for their absence from British bookshops, which I'll come back to, but before that, it's probably worth explaining exactly what Queen & Country is.
Thank you Katie, I love my Ballerina polishes - though I'm not sure they are very ballet coloured!!!
Mrs Bridge (1959) was Connell’s first novel. It is a sort of pointillist portrait of a woman, told in over one hundred brief and discrete (but broadly chronological) sketches, most only a page or two long. (There’s a later, longer, companion novel, Mr Bridge.)
A strange attractor is the call of God through our spirit,
“Okay, you look like a flying monkey.”
Heavy Seas Winter Storm
Crown Brewing Fade 2 Black (Double Black IPA)
3. The Third Mindfulness Training: Freedom of Thought
Over the last 14 months, I’ve watched and have been amazed with the creativity of this team. I am in awe of their talents. This is why when Regina said that she had to step down, there was no way I could let BBTB end. It is a constant source of inspiration to me and I hope it is for you, too.
I have been at the shelter since Mar 03, 2012.
Hair - Vanilla, sandstone, caramel.
6) Provide a detailed solution. The more complicated steps required, the better. The harder they have to work for it, the more appreciated the result will be. It’s especially effective if they’re required to restart their computer several times in order to read the instructions again. And if correcting their problem involves the use of a piece of equipment they don’t actually have, so much the better!
1st steep: 50 seconds (as vendor recommends), light ochre colored liquid, planty aroma, smooth and lightly fruity flavor. The leaves in the pot (once we had strained out the liquid) had a strongly roasty aroma akin to used coffee grounds. This first steep is just to wake up the leaves. You can drink it or toss it. We drank it.
This witness also did not pick Jamie’s face out of a photo book in the week after the case, but nearly 10 years later testified “I could never forget those eyes.” This faulty testimony has put Jamie Snow behind bars with a sentence of life without parole. It is nearly impossible to prove yourself innocent from behind bars.
This second Map is the one that came out of my efforts in Microsoft Paint. All I did was I take the middle part of the map and cut it out and pasted it into a new image and saved that file. Then I erased the extraneous stuff I don't want to keep it from being cluttered using the Eraser Tool. I then used the Line Draw Tool to paint in the details I wanted. I used various thickness lines and colors to distinguish elements of the map from one another. That includes the main road (green), the section walls that divide neighborhoods (brown), the main channels for water (either underground or above ground), and the Main Pipes that go from the Water Tower to the fountains. I included a bridge which I painted in using the Line Tool. I then added text to the image in Georgia font to make it pretty, and used the line tool to show where these places are located.
‘You’re a fast food restaurant manager. You have no power over anything in the real world.’
Maybe he really likes me.
So glad to have this little ball of energy and noise in our midst!
Leave to cool slightly then roll the potato mixture into 3 equal sized balls and set aside.
And finally, a HUGE thank you to all you blogging teachers, because over the past 5 months, I would often read and visit blogs to help distract my mind from the pain and the boredom of having to be immobile. So please forgive me for not sharing A BUNCH yet, but I promise I will once I back in school mode. I'm ALMOST there! Just really started working on things this week. I'm beginning to feel "normal" again with motivation to return to my life before my accident, minus running (can't do that for a year, at least). Here's to a new school year!!! With coffee!!!
I've learned something in the last few years since I began my homemaking adventure and it is this:
but visiting the iniquity of the parents
the whisper you must learn too
I love old movies, you can see a boy shouting out, "Extra, extra read all about it" trying to sell his bundle of newspapers. News is always breaking, something new every minute. Where do you get your news? Do you read the newspaper, perhaps you read it online, TV, and then there is radio. Many of us use all these sources, daily. What section do you reach for first? Is there news in your life you would like to share? Yes, I want you to pen a poem about "news". You don't have to reach for the headlines, you could do scientific news, a new birth, a wedding, fashion, editorial section, business, entertainment, sports, or comics, the crossword or your horoscope,etc. I am excited about this prompt. There are so many directions to go in. There is a writer who uses the newspaper to write poetry, perhaps you have heard of Austin Kleon. Austin blacks out newspaper and forms a poem.
What is your best advice for getting past writer's block?
Star Trek 4
walk out –
MaryBeth has a flair for decorating. She even added nautical rope molding in the bathroom! She admits she loves to hunt for just the right items to enhance the look of the rooms.
We all must remember, today and everyday, that a person who served, or is serving their country, is not some mindless machine. they are people like you and I. It may seem to some that they have no thoughts, feelings, or desires, but one must remember that they are trained, and willingly accept that training, in order to do things many others are simply unwilling do do.
Hong Kong is an example of a city where such arrangements are commonplace. In Hong Kong, in addition to the regular bus service, one encounters minibusses known as public light busses. These busses come in two colors, green and red. The red public light busses operate like jitneys or share taxis, and aren't relevant to this post, but the green ones operate fixed schedules just like regular bus service, simply with smaller vehicles. Hong Kong bus operators also operate some of the "franchised" (full service) lines with two different vehicle sizes, with double-decker busses serving the busier routes, and 40' single-level busses serving he smaller and shorter ones.
Some of those who maintain the genocide theory refer to a slogan “Kill the Boer, kill the farmer”, coined by Peter Mokaba, an ANC leader, who used it a lot in the early 1990s. The media confused this slogan with a struggle song that contained the words “dubul’ amaBhunu”, which can be translated as ” shoot the Boers”. But, apart from Peter Mokaba’s silly and irresponsible slogan, there is a difference between “Boer” with a capital letter and “boer” with a small letter. There is a historical precedent: during the Anglo-Boer War (1899-1902) British troops came to South Africa in l;arge numbers to “dubul’ amaBhunu”, because while “boere” with a small “b” means “farmers”, “Boere” with a capital B meant citizens of the South African Republic (ZAR) and the Republic of the Orange Free State, which in that period were at war with the Britsh Empire and its local representatives, the Cape Colony and the Colony of Natal.
The next morning I arose quite early, still being off in my time zones and went into the library/computer area of the hotel. This women from the loft also arose early. She ran over to me. She said, I was hoping to catch you this morning. I talked to my husband last night. We want to help you raise money for this school. She told me she had raised 40 grand for an AID orphanage in South Africa last year. She hugged me then said, Oh by the way, my husband is president of World Bank so we can help you set up the funding! We exchanged information, I put her in contact with my aunt who was heading this up.
Right now she could really use a shoulder
I could muse on such concepts for hours, or even days. As well as being a musician I have a fascination for outer-space. A few years ago, I even enrolled in an ‘introduction to astronomy’ course for fun. Totally brilliant.Totally mind-bending. It’s hard to return to daily life after pondering light years, black holes and the quest to see right to the ends of the universe (!)
profile cassette when not in
There will be curious farm animals - a two-piece cow or horse. This is Daisy, deflated so-to-speak, sans actors.
almond milk (vanilla/unsweetened) + banana.berries.kale.spinach.stevia
I did it!! After about 25+ attempts in my 8 years of marriage +10 years of dating myhusband…I made a lasagna that my significant other ATE..and LIKED! Yipee!
Take care. X
However, I believe it is critical that some changes be made to reconstruct the Cooperative Program to be relevant for the future, appeal to the mindset of our churches and result in a significant increase of resources needed to fulfill the Great Commission. An additional 1 percent here and there is not going to make a great difference in global impact. There is no way needed changes can be made without becoming a “win-lose” proposition for entities and between state and national work. I am going to suggest some changes that I sincerely believe could double receipts to CP and enable us to fund a radical advance for impacting lostness in America and around the world.
How sad. This person doesn’t realize just how much of the “real world” they’re going to see as a teacher, not by running away from the corporate world.
Playability: FE 8, RID 9, AM 8
Blankets, and a small survival kit,
I love a religious slant to my literary fiction, so this novel about the mania that descends on an ordinary church after Mary-Margaret witnesses a miracle should be perfect for me. It looks like there are lots of wonderful side-lines too - sons fighting in Afghanistan, living in tower blocks, links to Ireland.
Read all papers and directions before starting
Lovely photograph of Mont St. Michel. It is located off the coast of England. Some may think it belongs to France. It is possible to walk to the “island” when the tide is low.
* Amanda Culbreath is the California State Junior-Junior Fiddle Champion (12 and under).
1720 cal, 108 g protein (25%), 184 g carbs (43%), 31 g fiber, 30 g fat (16%)
But most of my time has been spent teaching, and practising the Christmas play. I take classes in school whilst the teacher has her planning and preparation time. On Monday I was a wise man in the play, Tuesday a shepherd and by Wednesday I'd been 'demoted' to a cow lol!
As I was trying to coupon, and get my stuff ready for my freebie frenzy in the morning, Mr. Cuddles thought he needed to do his grooming on my new laptop!! WTH?!
Mr. Young is asked: “Does Mr. Mugabe strike you as a violent man?”
you lifted the mother by her tail
My dad passed away while he was in the hospital. After his death, his mail came to our house so we could take care of his bills. There was a bill from a doctor for a “short hospital visit” AFTER his death. Bud called the billing service to straighten it out & was told “If the
Meanwhile I and others tried to keep the girl on her side. By now she was scared and hysterical.
A5 We Are The Kids
To do so Israel must first be converted, as Peter tried to get them to do in Acts 3:19.”Repent ye therefore and be converted.”
The town, Nylstroom, was established in February 1866 on the farm called “Rietvlei”. It later occurred that the river was actually the top portion of the Mogalakwena river that flowed north through the bushveld to the Limpopo. Mogalakwena means “the river of the crocodile”.
2 lineages
6. Promotion.
I completed the five-question, short-answer exam in 60 minutes. I passed. Won’t know to what degree until the posting of grades next week, but frankly at this point it doesn’t matter. A tough semester of learning dense, difficult and new material is successfully behind me. Onward!
By: Cole Simmons
Numerous transgender-rights advocacy agencies, as well as the National Association of Social Workers, have encouraged City and State agencies to abandon surgical requirements for changing identity documents. For instance, in 2009 the state of Illinois agreed to develop new standards for how much surgery is required before a person is eligible to switch the gender or sex-identifier on a birth certificate. City and State agencies are recognizing that any regulations in regards to updating gender identification on documents must be based on the standards set by the physicians actually treating these individuals. The World Professional Association for Transgender Health (WPATH) is the major health association that sets the standards for medical treatment of transgender individuals. WPATH has stated “No person should have to undergo surgery or accept sterilization as a condition of identity recognition. Genital reconstruction is not required for social gender recognition, and such surgery should not be a prerequisite for document or record changes.”
NEXT! I did something on Saturday I thought I would NEVER do! I bought a pair of "high end" jeans *hangs head in shame* I blame Kristin for this. Why? Because she posted a link for THIS company and I have been stalking and drooling over those jeans ever since. I do know a few girls who swear by these jeans but I refuse to pay over $100 for a pair of jeans. I'm cheap, can't help it. I really have no need for these jeans, other then I need something to cover my bottom half when I'm out in public. The jeans I got at another store work just fine for this purpose, but when I walked into the boutique down the street from my house, I fell in love. The saleswoman was so kind to me and never pressured me once. I don't know what came over me but I walked out of that store with a pair of jeans that are very flattering, but also cost more than I have ever spent on a pair of jeans.
“C’mon, Bo, you and I both know the only movies you watch are porn,” chuckles Dan, who promptly receives a sharp dig in the ribs from his friend. “Oh… OH. Right.”
These thoughts quickly transitioned to my family support. My wife and kids are tremendously supportive and I hope they realize how much I appreciate the sacrifices my training presents for them. Questions about how far I ran for the day or when I plan to run (especially if it’s later in the day) help me stay accountable. Beyond them, my extended family also offers much-needed support.
Elsie was by far my favourite performer of the night. Her quirky stage presence and fashion sense made her overall performance more captivating. Every one of her songs had a catchy “Arctic Monkeys-esque” bass line to it, but which didn’t overshadow her amazing vocals. She performed her first single “The Assassin (Bang Bang)” amongst her other songs including “Dangerous Dog”, “Time To Go” and “London Town”. Elsie has an official website and Youtube channel. You can also follow her on Twitter @OfficialElsie
2) It is easy to feel not so great about yourself while in Jonathan’s presence. You think you’re improving your mind reading great classic novels? He’s reading educational nonfiction like Thinking Fast and Slow, Through the Language Glass, and Moonwalking with Einstein. You think you’re eating a good, healthful breakfast by choosing oatmeal? Jonathan eats his topped with plain, non-fat, unsweetened yogurt. You think you are getting some decent movement into your day by hiking up and down a large hill – eight-tenths of a mile with 400 feet of elevation gain? While you’re doing that with your camera and binoculars and dog, he’s run up and down it 6 times for a little light exercise.
For comic relief, I'm adding some video that Ally took of Andy, Genny and Sam yesterday. First, here are Sam and Andy. Andy is happily hopping around the exercise pen just as healthy as can be after our recent scare. I cut a branch from the apple tree a couple of days ago and put it in there for the bunnies to nibble.
I didn't stay distracted for long. The music, people, pageantry, warm weather and sunshine snapped me right back and if that weren't enough, some young brothers came by with free Red Velvet cupcakes. And ya know what? Just as the box came my way a group of old ladies bum-rushed and all I got was a good look. But a good look it was.
Everything that money could buy
Is this your first book?
4) L. has a great imagination and is creative and expressive and joyful.
I’ve definitely never seen such an impractical, but somehow logical, way to use fly-fishing pants. In Here, in the Sugarcane, props are cleverly used in the process of creating an emotionally claustrophobic, semi-apocalyptic portrait of the tight emotional strings that connect three sisters.
Individual card win percentage with actual Win/Loss (for tie breakers)
suburban youth, and particularly with the fantasy life of
I'm not 100% sure that we ripped this off from a stand-up comedian we saw or whether it came to us by way of one of our wittier friends or maybe from Bubba's hilarious mind, but that's what we call it. And by "it" I mean the KFC Famous Mashed Potato Bowl.
I bet they were.
Mama, I’m sorry...
He continues with the esoteric instructions, until everyone is absorbed.
At first it seemed like Waze had some very notable issues, but then I realized I wasn’t really paying much attention to the app and missed some obvious features. After spending more time with Waze, I find it hard to find a complaint. If anything, it could be a bit more responsive. Its turn-by-turn directions weren’t always as quick or as clear as they could be, but they weren’t confusing. For example, Waze could mention the street name more often. Generally it just says “turn right” rather than “turn right on Awesome Avenue.” Personally, I’d prefer it was more descriptive more often, but that’s a small gripe that isn’t necessarily shared by everyone.
Although prints of the Chevalier in a black dress wearing the Order of St. Louis medal are extant, this portrait is the only known oil painting of him. It may be the first formal portrait of a cross-dressing man wearing women’s clothing.
Otherwise, dear friends and visitors, I wish you an awesome Summer filled with many wonderful adventures. I will see you August 1st and we will all catch up!
Finally, her dead foster father Fletcher left her a mysterious folder about happened the night her mother and sisters were murdered and Gin finds a huge secret that makes her question the now dead Fletcher Lane. This was was exciting, while giving us insight into Gin’s past with flashbacks as well as a glimpse of what may come with this mysterious folder.
Who'd have thought?
A pretty exciting experience for me: my first book reading! I wasn't that great at it, as I get too emotional. But it was a fabulous experience in all--especially because so many friends showed up in support.
Why Buy the Samsung 52 LCD LN52A750 – The Number One TV For the Holidays
On his journey Littler crosses paths with renowned linguist and dissident Prof. NOAM CHOMSKY, outlaw historian DR. MARK MIRABELLO, gonzo journalist JOE BAGEANT, legendary reclusive cabin builder MIKE OEHLER, anarchist book publisher RAMSEY KANAAN, egalitarian radio host SASHA LILLEY and folk musician WILL ‘THE BULL’ TAYLOR.
The water level had dropped so low that the shore line had become quite muddy. The kids found this quite fun. Addie's suit still shows the "fun" in each mud spot stain today. Good thing we have a new one for next year already. No worries.
He writes that ‘until late Tuesday-night they discussed strategies – and amongst the decisions taken were that regular protest meetings would be held outside the South African embassy against the Afrikaner-Boer genocide; and pamphleteering on the streets to raise the awareness in Sweden of the hidden genocide currently being carried out against us.’ They also undertook to issue regular media statements in the local language to the news media to keep the South African crisis in the news. And in South Africa the PRAAG representatives undertook to contact the foreign correspondents of Swedish newspapers and keep them updated of events.
It’s the one BIG event of high school and the “nugget” that inspired this story (a dress malfunction I had) occurred at a dance so I decided prom would be the perfect place for a night of disastrous events to comically unfold.
When you become an Extreme Couponing Extraordinaire, you’ll learn that there are several items for which you should never pay a penny again. Here are the first 20 that I could think of right off the top of my head:
Now I'm not saying the French don't have a sense of humor; au contraire! There are several Frenchies whose presence causes me severe incontinence, and they don't even need to use their ass cheeks. (Quite a feat!)
Ilchester
Some of our favorites are Strawberries and Bananas, or Pear, Blueberry & Banana, Or just Plain fresh Pineapple.
At work a co-worker informed me that her test results showed she has diabetes, a thyroid imbalance and high cholesterol. Then my supervisor told me she’d been sick with a sinus infection and bronchitis for most of her two week vacation. I felt inundated by sick people. Normally, that kind of information doesn’t penetrate into my being. It usually bounces off of me, and I feel strong, protected, healthy. I don’t get sick. I have a strong immune system.
We went in the front door and were greeted by giant shiny tanks of beer, and a sign that instructed us to seat our selves. So we grabbed two paper menus that were sitting on a table, and out own silverware that was neatly wrapped in a napkin, and stacked high in a galvanized tub. The "Blue Plate Special" that was advertised on the menu board looked to tempting to pass up, so we each ordered that, with a nice tall glass of ice tea.
Mom had never met a stranger, they were all just friends she was not yet acquainted with. Dad had never enjoyed crowds, but tolerated them for Mom's sake. After she died, he was very quick to say, "I am done now. Goodnight." and leave. Abruptly. And I think that is how he ended his life, as well.
If any of you who read my blog would like the award, it's yours as long as you follow the rules.
Some of the reasons the give for sending poop are: a gag, or a gift for someone who has everything.
It's official, I'm addicted to Pinterest. What an amazing idea. I just "applied" for my "invitation" and I'm waiting impatiently. I want to have my very own board when I can "pin" photos that inspire me.
What are we doing to ourselves when we watch a movie like Redneck Zombies or Zombie Lake, where zombies aren't only featured - they're the message? It's like our zombie movie for today, Zombie 4: After Death, where we are presented with an action-adventure movie that just happens to have zombies as the bad guys. It's as if you were watching Die Hard, only Hans Gruber and all those German terrorists were replaced with flesh eaters.
In spite of the glasnost in relations between formerly belligerent co-riparians, moving from relations characterized by political conflict to new forms of cooperation required significant institutional development. It was not sufficient that the countries were now in a position to develop institutional cooperation; they required external assistance in order to facilitate this process. In 1997, the Nile Ministers requested that the World Bank establish a fundraising group for cooperative projects on the Nile. The Nile Basin Initiative that developed out of this request represented a re-emergence of the earlier NRBAP. It now forms the most important basin-level approach to cooperative development of the Nile waters ever undertaken, and its significance extends well beyond the basin itself.
Politicians in Perak must also be aware that they are subject to the people’s will. And it is almost certain the BN reps will feel the full wrath of Perak’s voters during the next election. The small tactical advantage gained by overthrowing Perak’s elected government is likely to increase the anger of voters nationwide, against such abuses of power, and lead to huge strategic losses for BN in the next election.
Thank those people in your life who make it all work right today!
When we got back to the hotel, we got ready for dinner and went to the Jamaican Bobsled Cafe. Ever seen the movie Cool Runnings? It's a true story about a Jamaican bobsled team. This restaurant always has the movie playing and is great for tourists like us!
After an embarrassing performance at a Basketball game, Lina calls for back up and takes the Sea Lions to an impromptu flavour school to work on their movements. She later meets Evan waiting for her there, and Victor, Gloria’s boyfriend, befriends him.
The 17th installment in our monthly Poet Trading Card Series features this phenomenal Philadelphia writer at his very best as he commemorates, in verse, one of America's most beloved heroes: Elvis Presley.
Rod started off as a harmonica playing fan of The Rolling Stones in the early ’60s when they were churning out souped-up Rhythm and Blues before he became known as the fashionably dressing “Rod the Mod” around 1965. Rock music was the ticket out of working class London for a lot of British youths, and with his distinctively raspy vocals, Stewart had plenty of people clamoring to play with him. After stints with Long John Baldry and singing lead with The Jeff Beck Group, he wound up joining the ashes of The Small Faces in a new band called—The Faces. This period from 1969 to 1974 was when Stewart made his mark as an outstanding vocalist and song writer, crafting such classics as “Gasoline Alley,” “Maggie May,” “Mandolin Wind,” and “You Wear it Well.” When David Bowie was in full flower as an androgynous looking Alien in 1973, Rod happily put on his own shiny, satin Glam-rocker outfits and wore as much makeup as any female who paid to see him.
A Marine travels to Louisiana after serving three tours in Iraq and searches for the unknown woman he believes was his good luck charm during the war.
In actuality, the truth is something different and the answer is far from black and white. A number of organizations, groups and individuals disagree with some of the pronouncements of NOAA. They may question their methods of scientific assessment, alleging that NOAA is relying on "out-dated science." For example, NOAA conducts trawl surveys to help ascertain the biomass of different fish species. But within the last ten years, these surveys have come under fire, most notably in the Trawlgate episode where NOAA admitted that some of their assessments had been incorrect due to problems with the equipment they were using.
Wine- (Red) used to sip on with four words through the meal. "The four cups", Thanksgiving, Telling, Blessing, and Righteousness.
What larks this year's Pigs Ear Festival brought- all cushioned with an amazing selection of winter warming porters, stouts and strong ales and sponsored by the lovely Brodies.
Almond Milk warmed with cinnamon
I found it curious that in no instance did anyone talk about ‘responsible tourism’ – fodder for another discussion!
encourage us to nap at 55.
These photos certainly do not do Margaret Elmes’ paintings justice so I would invite you all down to the shop this weekend to view them in person There also silk painting and pastels!
it has come out bigger than usual, so I haven't really put much of a border on.
He fought his own battle with addiction. It seems that sometimes reality is too harsh for a fragile soul to bear. He applied the drug of choice to the pain of living in a confusing world. I believe it is called "Self Medicating", with tongue in cheek. It is not funny, particularly to the ones going through it. Families are destroyed, lives are destroyed, and it often feels like nothing can be done. In truth, nothing can be ... except by the person who is self medicating.
In a blender or food processor, puree avocados and lemon juice till smooth. Add sweetened condensed milk and milk. Set aside.
Once again, congratulations, and may God bless your home and family. We hope you'll continue writing and reading poetry. Today there are many option for publishing your poetry, and we appreciate that your considering Eber & Wein.
(you know what's coming, don't you?)
For several months now, a coalition of thousands of players have been planning the “Burn Jita” event, aimed at disrupting the biggest trade hub in game in order to wreak some terrific, universe-wide changes by shaking the very pillars of EVE’s economy at its metaphorical heart. Surely there was some sort of larger, meta-economic objective that likely would cause them great profit. This planning happened both in game and outside of game, via voice over IP chat, secret forums, Twitter and more. A sci-fi plot of the new information age if there ever was one.
sinless saviour
Tears and joy.
The Eiseman Writers Award celebrates writers from western New York who have been published during the previous two calendar years and comes with a $1,000 prize.
Yuri Gagarin
Rating: Rated PG-13 for violence and disturbing images, thematic material and some language including sexual references.
will never be stricken with panic.” (Isaiah 28:16, II Peter 2:6 NIV)
First time I failed to donate … boo hoo to me!
There is an infinite number of these designs that symbolize daily life in the Queyras (suns, rosettes, daisies, the line of the eye….). This knowledge is passed down from generation to generation. These wood carvings decorate most of the local furniture and domestic utensils. The people of the Queyras first developed a taste for this sort of art back in the sixteenth century with a revival in the eighteenth century. However, it was really only in the 20th century that the art of wood craft was truly revived here.”
We have been eating lettuce from our garden now for about 2 months. I paid about $4 for heirloom lettuce seeds. That is the price that I would have paid for one box of spinach from Sam's which would have lasted one week. We will be eating tomatoes, cucumbers, peas, squash and much more from our garden this summer. It has taken a good bit of work, but we count that as character training!! For us and the children!
Amid all of this, they’ve also lost their baked beans. Despite the city’s moniker as “bean town,” and the proliferation of comfort-food joints, gastro-pubs and heritage cooking, Boston-style baked beans have become woefully under-represented here. Durgin Park is recommended on a few sites, and Citizen Public House serves them with one entrée, but overall it seems local eateries are more keen on polenta and poutine than the humble bean. Why are local chefs ignoring one of the area’s greatest culinary traditions?
a.) the individual words that make up the nice chords pattern, which includes their pronounciation as well as their spelling, not the input.
I am still doing the great debate on wallpaper for my focus wall.
Romero’s first official sequel of the world he would continue to revisit (and still revisits) is Dawn of the Dead, made almost a decade after the original film. This is a film that I saw first via osmosis. Back in the early days of video rental, my brother Tom would get this at least twice a year and sit in our den, watching it and rooting for the zombies. In particular, Tom had a fondness for Roger, and would always cheer for him.
Then there's the various extravagant “healing” claims. In general I take an even dimmer view of them. A shaman is someone who comes from a vigorous tradition, has traveled in other worlds, taken genuine psychic and physical risks, usually blown a fuse or two with hallucinogens. He's not some middle-class suburban kid who's read a Ravenstar book, chewed a little peyote, taken a weekend workshop in Polarity, and changed his name to Wolf.
I heard of this song recently too, A Christmas Carol, about a little girl who responds to Santa's question of what she wants with "all I want is someone to take me home". That's what those kids would ask for if they got the chance, and for those here not getting presents in time: It's not the end of the world. You'll get them eventually, but there are some kids who will not ever get anything like that. We've got so many blessings we take for granted, and while I am certainly not perfect either, it's definitely something important to think about.
p.s. Merry Christmas, y'all. I won't be writing again before the 25th on account of celebrating with the Captain's family and most likely getting drunk again. A lot. A whole lot.
Accessories: wide striped ribbon, silver pearls, glossy accents
Set an example
1) The two Seals are Egyptian and Luciferian
When the prophets spoke it was not their own fabrications. In Isaiah 1:24, “Therefore saith the Lord, the Lord of hosts, the mighty one of Israel, Ah, I will ease me of mine adversaries.” If those were merely Isaiah’s words they would be of no authority and there would be no truth in them.
In “Ice Ice Baby”, Clark tackles one of mystery’s oldest tropes when the P.I. stumbles on a dead girl in the bathroom of his favorite bar. By now I found it totally believable that Ethan would poke at the stab wound on a half-frozen corpse. Oh, Ethan.
This whole perception is not helped by the fact that if you "google" Nudism or Naturism you pick up a lot of porn sites.
OK... time to run. Just wanted to share. Special thanks to my son who encouraged me to have some Easter decorations. As you can see from the pictures, I don't even have any of those crazy cheap plastic eggs in my house. I guess I better hit the dollar store and stock up on some.
2011-03-13 10:00
You know how busy it gets this time of year, but we all plan to be together once again at your house. You may not physically be there, but you will be there. Your example, your jovial and sometimes feisty spirit, and your love will always be with us! Instead of the 5 of us, plus Mammy and Pappy ~ like it was every year for many years, there will be 25 of us and 3 babies on the way. What a blessed heritage you gave to each of us … yes, you will be there. Make that 26.
Now, my heart has been longing for green, rolling hills, old houses, flowering gardens, narrow back roads, and Kent. Well, yesterday and today my desire was satisfied! Today, when we left the caravan we drove along the coast. English houses trimmed with flowing gardens abounded. Fields full of sheep ran along the road as well. We reached several towns and they are so quaint and full of character! Brick and stone buildings with window boxes full of flowers! Decorative edging around the doorways. Beautiful, old windows! Oh, take away the cars and replace the roads and you could be transported back two or three hundred years (and trust me, I would LOVE that)! Uncle Gavin and I took the dog for a walk through the park along the river. Positively picturesque or book like! Do you know the pictures that have someone sitting along some European river on a low wall fishing? YES! That! With two swans and six cygnets (swan babies). There were also three or four ducks! Yes, the dog wanted to chase them. Oh, in the grass are little daisy-like flowers...but they are very low to the grass! So beautiful! In the distance, just past the beautiful, English houses were the green, rolling hills!!! *Ready? Set... Imagine!*
We got there a bit late in the day and some of the buildings were already casting shadows down to the water. So we ended up picking a shorter building that would be easier to measure. We found a nice little historic look-out tower.
- 'Meow' pink ribbon from stash - bought from Hobbycraft, or my local haberdashery store - no flouncy bow as said friend isn't into bows that much
Two evenings a week during term-time I work from 7-10pm. The money isn't just handy, it's pretty much essential.
Mary B and Mary K
One of the larger British brands in terms of bottled beer, it is extremely apt that they should be named after Britain's largest native carnivore - because one look at these beauties gets me all bloodthirsty and ravenous!
Writing in Monday’s MyNorthwest.com, Josh Kerns reports
I return to the landscape teasing me. I tire not from gazing out. I tire not from the unchanging terrain. In the seeming monotony of the landscape I merely see the beauty of the vastness that time repeats as a function of distance. I could keep looking on for ever, and ever.
We innocently laughed at anyone mistaking us for such a thing, and especially for two people in the latter part of the morning for making the same mistake. Boy, grown-ups don’t know much.
Which makes it very darn beautiful indeed!
every impulse of light exploding
One was too babyish and another was a bit too old and had a long beard - he eventually became Hamish’s grandad Rory McHaggis.
Yelling and crying my way through, I made it to the table to set down the plates, made it to the telephone, and ran into the living room to call my boyfriend. Tears and snot streaming down my face, trying to catch my breath, I told him that my brother, the asshole, had just hit me in the head.
As she grew older, Mary retreated from the world by visiting the Convent of the Visitations near Paris. After her son was made to leave France following the Treaty of Utrecht in 1711, she remained at the convent permanently. She died of cancer in May 1718, fondly remembered by her many friends in France.
Here in France les cloches de Pâcques (the church bells) deliver the Easter eggs. On Easter Thursday all the bells fly away to the Vatican carrying with them the pain of those who mourn for Jesus' death. They return on Easter Sunday bringing eggs in celebration of the Resurrection. Accordingly, across France all church bells are silent from Thursday until Sunday morning.
The other night I was tucking Zach in bed for the night. For the record, it had been 113 that day so it was pretty warm in our house. This is how the conversation went...
Remember this?
I worked with two strands of yarn held together and a 6mm hook to make it grow more quickly ( this is a large item )
An attorney filed an RCE, and canceled all of the 30-some claims except for
“I was going to kill her family last, you know,” the shapeshifter says casually. “I think I like it better this way.”
The Aquarian energy of 2009 encourages you to weave new dreams into peoples' lives, and to help them feel at home in the world. Success grows as you exemplify your visions, attracting people who appreciate your compassion to raise their consciousness to a new level. In your service to help others realize deeper realities, you become more aware and sensitive to your own connection to the powers that be.
AT YOU SPICA - OLIVE 07
Following are excerpts from a sermon delivered by Islamic scholar Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Qatar TV on December 11, 2009.
card making and hybrid scrapbooking supplies!"
Arnold J, in another well-reasoned, highly organised judgment that can conveniently be turned into a pre-litigation check-list, rejected Frito-Lay's applications to set aside Innovia's permissions or to stay the proceedings. In his view:
In addition to the the installation of a new Soundcraft modular broadcast mixing console and two Tascam CD players, all existing studio equipment was removed, cleaned, serviced and reinstalled within a four-day period. Furthermore, customized wiring looms and system interconnects were fabricated and installed. After a smooth switchover from their back up studio, the new system has been met with enthusiasm from the many presenters who have struggled along with the old equipment for so long.
They have a word suayan (soo-WHY-ahn) which means “fork in the road,” i.e. a place to turn (er… take from the) left or right. The basic root of suayan is suey (pronounced something like soo-UHy). However, neither suey nor suayan mean to turn, nor do they have any meaning of right or left. They simply refer to the split where the choice is made to go right or left.
“Who’s car is that?” he asked.
Good strong hops taste and kinda gritty on the tongue. Crisp, cool, high carbonation. Similar to Pilsner Urquell with all those saaz hops. Managed to forget to put down a rating.
o Competing responses – This behavior management tool could be used to diffuse responses likely to trigger conflict. An example is training oneself to say “Let me think about it” with a neutral tone every time you are inclined to respond cynically to a co-worker. Installing this competitive response will convert the anxiety previously driving the self destructive response to an insignificant one
There are 5 steps in this process, which we call the 5 A’s:
If you really don’t want to pay extra to protect the device, there is always the sammidge bag solution. However I was consuming two sammidge bags a month which would have equated to the cost of one Garmin silicone case in less than a year. The price you pay for living in the rainiest part of the UK…
Tryndamere: Good. Throw it out.
The doctoring of the BBC’s report would appear to show just how biased and subservient Astro is to UMNO’s political agenda.
If you work full time and blog, please, feel free to give me any tips that make it work for you. I'll take advice from any of you on how you manage your time so that the different areas of your life don't suffer. Do tell.
Recently in the UK smaller measures have been forced into the limelight, no better example is BrewDog's standard 330ml bottles for all the beers they produce apart from the Abstrakt range. We have Evin at The Kernel releasing his 6% plus beers also in 330ml format, this size bottle is far from the norm in the UK, in the UK craft brewing scene the 500ml bottle still rules the roost. However, due to the huge popularity of BrewDog's 330ml revolution I believe we will shortly see more & more UK craft brewers adopt 330ml bottles to showcase their wares in.
Inception Blu Ray
David Cameron should impose significant increases in taxes on beer, wine and spirits if elected prime minister, according to the man charged with leading Conservative social policy.
the RT con had a full workshop track devoted to e-publishing. I was excited about the prospect of learning new techniques and possibly figuring out new ways of thinking about digital publishing and marketing. Names I recognized and folk I’ve interacted with occasionally were hosting some of the workshops: Mark Coker, Joe Konrath, Blake Crouch and Bob Mayer. Those of you who know me will know that I am far from a fangirl when it comes to these gentlemen, but while I don’t agree with everything they preach, I’m smart enough to know something is working in their favor and to be open to acquiring and/or modifying new strategies for my own work and for helping Steel Magnolia Press. There was also a panel on how to manage a backlist, something Jennifer Blake and I will be looking at closely since she’s recently had 36 titles whose digital rights have been reverted, that I was excited about. I put myself in eager receptor mode and … was sadly disappointed.
2. HST (Half Square Triangles), Hex's, Drunker's paths pieces, and any other shapes that I have cut with my Studio and Go cutter.
Baking
And of course crime is not always race based. The police do not seem to care about anybody regardless of race and black South Africans are subject to all sorts of violent crime and the same violent indifference by the police. What changes the factors in Huntley’s story is that he felt he was targeted because he was white. This is probably true as many people keep pointing out that whites are still the largely in economically dominant positions. The perception that Huntley would be a worthwhile target is probably based on his race even as it was probably incorrect.
I was happy, but the fact that Lagunitas beers are just about everywhere these days made me a bit suspicious that I hadn't seen the Imperial Red anywhere else in the Metro.
The pace of immigration picked up when Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong assumed office in 2003 and all of sudden the floodgates are opened to accept foreigners from all over the world especially China and India where the majority of the newcomers hail from.
the art is nice and noah has a hilarious personality so read this is you want to read a funny shoujo
When countries rely on some form of superior organization (Napoleonic Empire) or technology (Britain), at least some rivals will be able to copy the methods. And copying is easier than creating.
Which it was. At 1:00 in the morning. And was a little bit messy. Not good.
** We were to learn later that the tourist season in Sóller hadn’t started yet. We were told that only two hotels were open in Sóller. Our hotel had opened early for the season, with us staying during the first open weekend.
Thinking about why I eat and when I eat, I am becoming more aware of my patterns. Take today for instance. I woke up and had to get someplace and found I was falling back into my old habits… “let’s just grab something out” = poor choices, even with the best intent. I almost did the same thing at lunch time but resisted and came home and fixed myself a fruit plate with some carrots and cheese. I feel so much better with that choice… and I was FULL and SATISFIED! That led to better choices at dinner too… I see a pattern emerging here.
According to the report, although CAL is the main airline with the highest debt, other airlines such as LIAT, Continental Airlines, Virgin Atlantic Airlines and Redjet are also in debt.
As usual the 40 pieces selected from 40 artists will be from a range of 'established and emerging illustrators, designers and street artists', in editions of 40 and sold for £40!
As mobile phones became the 'must have' electronic for people on the go, phone booths slowly became outdated, ignored, and eventually removed, all but disappearing from a landscape where they were once a common sight. This little piece of history sits in a neighboring town, phone intact, still in working order.
An inner-city clubhouse surrounded by poverty, abuse, gangs; darkness.
I stole a mannequin from the mall.
On the day it became known that Bert Jansch had died, Robert Peston, the BBC's business editor, mentioned on Radio Four's PM programme that he'd seen Jansch play, that he'd been to the gig with his wife and that he was a bit of a folkie on the quiet.
The presents have been given from the Angel Tree program, senior centers received their gifts, emergency cases were filled and hundreds of turkeys and hams and toiletry boxes were handed out as well (from Feed the Children).
So the one lady picked out this piece, and her friend purchased it! Love that idea!
I worry for women coming of age right now. Our reproductive rights are being curtailed in so many ways. I wonder why? Rush Limbaugh should be hospitalized, he is a very sick man. What is up with the men in Virginia and elsewhere who want women to have ultrasounds before abortion, and the Republican senators who did not allow women to testify about birth control - just men? Their behavior is hateful. It would be a very scary time to come of age.
Sure, you could argue that this is progressive for Syria or the Middle East and maybe it is in some ways, but (a) Syria is highly unrepresentative of the Islamic Middle East, (b) the film was unrepresentative of Syria, and (c) the film was definitely being sold as a reflection of Islam as a whole, not just Islam as it is practiced in the region, and it just serves to reinforce the stereotype of Islam being behind the times. Our very existence in Southeast Asia counters this. And while the heart of the Islamic world lies in the Middle East, you can’t brush us off because we matter: Indonesia alone is the world’s largest Muslim country.
9. Bella's heartbreak and numbness in New Moon reflects a feeling most of us have had at one time or another.
These figures have probably multiplied since I originally received this, but nevertheless,
A child’s bedroom dominated by the color pink. A single bed lines up one side of the wall. Next to it, a small desk, on which sits a pile of textbooks and scattered hand-written papers. A single pencil and an eraser with dark, rounded edges lie abandoned on top of a half-filled paper.
And now I see you walk away
When my parent's marriage ended, it broke me. Things like that hit all of us differently, but for me, it was this nearly fatal blow that took me out for years. I was angry with God and I was angry with my parents. I had no clue how I would ever find healing in that place or even be able to stop asking "why?"
Around the blogosphere I went today and saw lots of posts on the new word verification.
I am preparing myself to set about the first chapter of the WIP, again. It’s all stretch and show; winkle out the details, get the focus right, present the hook, cut the back-story (done that), paint the MC with panache and don’t make her hateful, yet.
Stephen & Brooksyne Weber
MW: Yeah with Lewis I could get him. It was good to pick him off reasonably quick. It is always difficult when DRS zones have damp areas on the way in but managed to get him. That tyre did a lot so we had to get the tyre to the end. Coming to the end of the race I caught Seb but couldn’t do enough to pass him.
Live and learn from fools and
But now that I'm old and wise and have a good DVD player, am divorced, and more tolerant of my naturalistic German side, I'm perhaps better equipped to recognize my own issues tainting the clarity of Herzog's hallucinatory nature-phobic naturalism. I am growing up/into appreciating his mix of German sturm und drang and lysergi-bucolic mysticism and how his willingness to let an eye for artistic composition and high strangeness turn his narrative into a static panorama. I can't help but admire and love Herzog's willingness to heedlessly plummet into the void of insanity alongside any character who happens to be going that way, rather than hanging around on the precipice making excuses like Barbet Schroeder, even if the result is sometimes the same. Newly minted in my admiration, I went into MY SON MY SON, WHAT HAVE YE DONE (2009) with open arms... and came out emptied.
Mix flour, baking soda and salt in a bowl and set aside.
and melt into this lake
Not the best pic of my son....but we interupted his fun on the water slide so that we could have cake!!! Lol!
Mrs.Clinton could use Obama’s lack of experience against him, she could use his character and even his smoking but never under any circumstances could she use his race. To do so would end her career.
We love the Philly Zoo. There are many exhibits indoors, and many out. The monkey house is fantastic, as well as the indoor play area for members. One of the things I think the kids enjoy most is climbing on the statues. We took some friends today, and that's what they spent the majority of their time doing, and loved it!
I’m excited and my mental wheels are smokin’!
I was blond
When my title came out of my mind I said...where in the world did that come from? Fall is not my favorite season. So to think of seven things is definitely going to be a challenge. First I'll share my card and that brings #7 of my "likes"...I love fall colors. I don't know about you but we get thru with Halloween straight to Christmas. Where do we drop fall off. My card is a rich brown with an even richer strip of red that matches my leaf. I added a light orange and white to display my digi stamp and my Harvest felt sticker. I love this little card.
The critics who attack Del Rey for her 'makeover' from her old Lizzie Grant self show in their hostility just how effective the Del Rey persona is as an anima for our modern era. She is the Marlene Dietrich of her time, and we should remember that Marlene too had a make-over upon coming to Hollywood -- losing 30 pounds and her back molars, among other modifications. There's not a single Hollywood star, I'm fairly sure, who is 100% 'real' according to these detractors' definition. So it speaks to the raw archetypal sore spot Rey's poked that so many critics feel they must attack her, while others, like me, feel they need to defend her. When you become a pop culture archetype it's not even 'about' whether you're 'real' or not; if someone tells you they had a dream about a witch would you say, "bro, that witch is totally fake"? Of course not. What's important is that Del Rey is the anima of 2012 - the amnesiac succubus; the Diane Selwyn of Mulholland Dr. 2012 - "this is the girl. Her seemingly augmented visage is like if Madeline / Novak had plastic surgery to resemble the portrait of Carlotta Veldez.... or
Define a Pack Order
To whistle that the line had passed ….
I’ll eat myself if you can find
YAY!
"I don't wanna die!" yells Penny.
3. Spread mayo on other slice of bread top with bacon, sliced tomato, and lettuce
look back on and remember. I do take those types
The experienced Jongleur may throw multiple objects (including thrown weapons) per round. This ability improves with level advancement:
“Mrs. Archer is on line one. Punky has gas again.”
If Obama is unable to lead his own party when it had a lock on political power in Congress, his ability to do so for the rest of the nation is indeed in question and Navorro-Valls noted that “reality is relentless when we come down from the blue sky of promises to the vulgar world of facts, so the gap between what was offered and the reality concerns the electorate.”
This framed piece of burlap can easily be transformed into just about anything.
When DJ stepped inside and closed the door behind him, Cinnamon lunged, swiping at a denim clad ankle. With an oath DJ jumped, his back slammed against the door, clattering it shut. Instinctively he reached for a sidearm that wasn’t there anymore.
She discussed everything from health care to domestic violence. She discussed the isms: racism, genderism, classism. And how we created them, so we can defeat them.
According to the teachings of Islam, the people of Pakistan were peaceful and moderate and desired a secure world, he said.
Last week I posted a picture of the rose above, Chicago Peace, on my photo blog. In that post I mentioned that we also had Peace, which is probably the most popular rose of all time. I also briefly described the differences between the two roses.
Satya Sarada Kandula
Do you remember when I took you fishing? The only time I took you fishing? I caught the ‘big one’ and you made me let it go. I didn’t mind really, although I acted like you were ripping my heart out. What killed me though was when you refused to even take a picture for me. You told me that it was a living creature and I had no right to brag about capturing it. You said I had to simply keep it in a memory. We argued and you refused to budge. You looked at me and said ‘Luke Montgomery, you bragging about catching this fish is just like you bragging about catching me! It’s a living creature. You shouldn’t brag about catching a girl OR a fish.’
I have lost the other part of my heart.
**do NOT use regular water or diet drinks
And speaking of reputation, any ill will I feel towards the show is compounded by my feelings at the outset. I genuinely wanted to like Ringer, if for no other reason than Sarah-Michelle Gellar was getting back into the TV game. But the show squandered her acting skills with roughshod characterisations and no sense of internal logic, and now I can barely handle one SMG, never mind two.
Wonderstruck is the story (or stories) of two children set fifty years apart-a girl in 1927 and a boy in 1977. The girl’s story is told entirely in drawings, and the boy’s in text. Having read the first part of the book there appears to be an interesting relationship between the two stories. The drawings once again fill the page, and have a cinematic quality: using close-up, panorama, tracking and point of view. There is an attractive quality to the drawings; a strong outline and bold tonal technique used most effectively. creating rounded and textured forms, and a strong linear quality.
The main challenge in terms of their photography is trying to find a bird that is a bit atypical and not too high up in a tree and using low bush or trees to forage and sing from. Like many warblers once they have established their territory they will often use the same set of song perches to sing from to attract a mate. Like the bird's appearance, the song is not the most exciting and sounds exactly like their name. However, it conveys the apparent unstoppable energy of the birds and often is sung relentlessly for very prolonged periods.
When I from France set foot at Ravenspurgh,
Same goes if I’m dressed in a suit with my coffee (slash hot chocolate, because I don’t drink coffee) in one hand and my phone in the other and I’m rushing down the street because I’m late for a meeting – I’M BUSY MOTHERFUCKER!! Do not step into my path and try and stop me, because I’m going to tell you to move, or alternatively kick you out of my way.
With the lipstick summer glaze!
My Husby walked across the room and whipped the curtains back.
But what do I know?
He doesn’t go over all of these issues but this is what we need to make this election, and every election at every level about:
Two silhouettes on the shade
The Egyptian Bloc, a list of liberal parties dominated by the left-leaning Social Democrat Party and the pro-market Free Egyptians Party, appeared to be in third place. Official early results are expected to be announced on Thursday, the High Elections Commission said.
“It’s shameful that people living within 2km can stop a proposed wind turbine but they can’t do anything about a coal mine proposal outside their front door.
I had company over for dinner last night. People that I like very much, and wanted to impress.
Evolves with baby to big-kid size
As we see, the Republicans and the Tea Party continue their open war on the people, without interruption. And they aren't even sorry for attempting to destroy the world.
Here is what I have on the menu plan for this week:
If you are lucky enough to obtain all of the above in the first 5 months after arriving in the UK, you are three steps closer to start teaching, but you’re not there yet.
In July 1968, he gave notice that he intended to resign from the Army at the end of the year. This was not the customary 7 months’ notice required of senior officers, but was accepted accepted with effect 1 October 1968.
Saturday I got up and checked in at the convention. Thanks to the pre-reg, it was an easy walk in, wait in line for a few minutes, snag my badge and goodies, then walk out and join the convention. I feel sorry for the poor sods who decided that they were able to attend at the last minute. Long lines, watching everyone else go have fun. First stop after the badge? Wil Wheaton’s 90 minute Awesome Hour. Yeah, it was too awesome for a plain 60 minute standard.
Judy and Dick were living in Los Angeles for the
I picked Nancy K's brain so much yesterday I left little red marks. If you've ever scanned the Pattern Review message boards or read her popular blog Nancy K Sews, you've seen Nancy in action. Nancy has great taste and knows her stuff. Nancy's recommendations for cotton shirting include Fabric Mart, Michael's Fabrics, and Philip Boyne on Long Island.
at our home,
As we close out 2011, we're looking for relationship resolution and are doing our best to make peace with relationships past and present. Progress needs to be made in and through current relationships to put us in good position for what's up ahead, and as clean a slate as possible is needed for Saturn in Scorpio. This Venus-Saturn mutual reception keeps us sober, serious, grown-up, and pragmatic as we make big strides toward that and is especially good for the progress of women (and the feminine influence, in general) in business.
Take something you feel you desire/need in your life. Lets take something as mundane as a new car. Now drop every detail from this desire. No car design, no color, no tires, no details at all.
"Apres moi le deluge”, “After me, the flood” and though attributed to the French King Louis XV, historians believe it was actually said by Jeanne Poisson, Madame de Pompadour. The last members of the monarchy spent France into the poorhouse until they had their heads separated from their bodies via the guillotine.
My mind raced. In my stories, the House of the Spirits covers a cavern inhabited by greedy, foul-mouthed warrior mermaids. How could my mermaids survive? Would they too pop out of the ice like grape pips? No, I realized, they would have to swim away from Venice. But where would they go?
I listened to a panel of authors talking about Special Operations heroes because I figured I needed to know what people write about. Cherry Adair, who is quite wonderful, seemed to be quite concerned about those men’s sperm. Enough said.
It was after this leadership retreat that I began to see the importance of bringing leadership together, away from the church. Leadership retreats serve many purposes but in my view they serve to bring leadership together to make great decisions on behalf of the ministry of the church. Some how when we are away from “life” and the “life of ministry” we begin to let our guard down, we are more able to step out into faith, and we are able to focus on the ministry of the church. It also brings the team together.
Dinner was fondue, whether they wanted it or not. They, like myself once, were polite but possibly not that enthralled by the idea of eating a badly-done memory from the 1970s when it was suggested to them – that is, until they tried it. Instant adoration ensued with every single drop of melted cheese disappearing quicker than the ears of an unwrapped Easter bunny. It must be the combination of the homeland, the right cheeses (Emmental and Gruyere) and the atmosphere of Geneva’s oldest restaurant (try 400 years) that wins everyone over. Even celebrities and diplomats eat there – old, mismatched plates and plain furniture but the right mixture of ingredients and location. Being attended to by the, frankly, gorgeous Remy the waiter who makes Brad Pitt look like a hog with halitosis was another plus.
Replace the brown sugar with granulated sugar if you don't have the latter.
I have to say, I feel better today than I have in quite awhile.
If the crossfader is in the center position, tracks assigned to "A" and "B" will be mixed equally.
RN: “But you said you were coming up for air.”
a violent skyscraper of lack
...found that more than twice as many people find it more enjoyable drinking in a pub than drinking at home.
Bob Carlos Clarke was always interested in the way that fashion influences society’s perception of beauty, which led him to photograph eccentric and extraordinary people who conformed less to the ‘accepted’.
I call it the Cavalcade Of Dead Stars. The Academy calls it In Memoriam.
On a personal level, the respected professional who has spent his/her adult life being a somber individual will not somehow retrieve, from his/her career advancement, a replacement for the many years in which s/he virtually never experienced the intense laughter of those who are free to laugh. Indeed, due to skewed values, such a person can (in some professions, often does) make life worse for those who do laugh. Similarly, the person who has devoted him/herself to the accumulation and protection of personal security and comfort has missed the opportunity to experience a giving life — measured not in the dollar amount of donations that may impress others, but rather in terms of the experience of actual self-denial for the sake of a stranger in need.
We are awful; He is Amazing
A 3rd painting is on the way... this is part of a trilogy that I am painting for myself & my Husband. I have 3 simple black frames awaiting them :)
Keep you all posted.
* * * Somebody said a mother can stop worrying after her child gets
“Memory is like a spiderweb that catches new information. The more it catches, the bigger it grows. And the bigger it grows, the more it catches.”
- Football jerseys.
Next was Mermaids where we enjoyed sipping on two different types of signature cocktails - the Porch Punch & Mermaid Punch. Both were delicious and unique! Definitely made me want to lounge around on a beach somewhere with one of those in hand! We were also served a small plate of 3 different appetizer-type dishes: prosciutto-wrapped prawn, slice of local beef, and a cucumber-wrapped slice of ahi tuna with a wasabi sauce. All three of which were mighty tasty!
I finished work at 6:30am. I got into my car and drove to my parents house, usually arriving at around 7 or 7:15am. I’d leave my car at my parent’s house and poor Dad (who, fortunately, was usually an early riser anyway) would drive me to the train station.
Republicans, in typical “do anything to win” fashion, decided that they had to pander to the extreme tea party wing of their party, and as a result, the whole party shifted further to the right – both with regard to fiscal and social policy.
Ironically, if I had to describe the Summer of 1981 with one word it would be laughter. We laughed every day, all day. We made up our own language, we went to the mall specifically to laugh at the people. We listened to Bill Cosby's "Noah" album until every word was memorized. We told each other stories and we would fall out in fits of hysterical laughter constantly.
This could create a huge opportunity for home monitoring or at the pharmacy monitoring. Many of the medications proposed by the FDA for BTC status have been proven to be safe through several years of post-marketing surveillance. Pharmacists are trained with knowledge to triage many health conditions and with the appropriate information can propose the appropriate treatment for many chronic health conditions. This would be a monumental shift in our health care system and redefine the roles of several health care professionals. Pharmacists would continue their progression from being only a dispenser of medications to a health care professional engaged in medication therapy management. A seemingly endless number of studies have proven the value of pharmacists in lower health care costs and improving outcomes.
the same, bedside in rooms lost
What do you say friends?
For artisan distillers, this is the key event of the year, and this year, it’s all about brandy. This will include all sorts of eaux de vie, and all types of miraculous flavors. The most surprising spirits I’ve had over the last few years have been brandies, or close to it, like the Gewürztraminer Grappa made in Petaluma at Stillwater Distillery. St. George, themselves, make a fabulous line of brandies, both aged and unaged.
Best moment this week: I don't know about "best," but feeling my first Braxton Hicks contraction was quite interesting.
The pain that is coused here is too unbearable. something must be done about it. my heart bleeds for this family- wich will have a heavy future. May god protect us from those Unhuman Living things wich act worse then animals.
What was the point of my reference? Simple; people never see how much gays and lesbians go through daily just because of their alternative orientation. In recent history, lots of homosexuals have actually committed suicide because they felt I was the only way out; and the spineless cowards who pushed this don’t even care, and in fact in the end; are actually glad the person was gone. They respect us straight people, so why can’t we show the same?
"Good boy".
* Holiday ? Halloween....I love costume parties.
He has a very creative, inventive mind. Each week I would sit beside him, finding him things and talking a bit. Slowly he started to relate more to me and slowly we started to have more of a connection. I know he loves coming here, but what I am working on is attachment repair and empathy building and it is slow careful work. As his therapist I am not trying to be the mother he didn’t have, but I am trying to help him open up to experience some of the feelings that most children have in their childhood experience with a caring parent; trust, safety, care and empathy. He is changing. Before he often acted like I wasn’t there and he had a strong ability to dissociate or tune out. Now when he makes himself a smoothie he asks if I want some. This is a large step. Small changes mean big shifts in the work that I do. When he comes in the door, instead of looking at the art table to see what goodies I have, he looks for me. His eyes light when he sees me and he talks to me. This never happened in the first six months.
"One day, when Russ had left late for work, he left his hairbrush in the bathroom instead of putting it away in the top drawer of his nightstand. When I went to the bedroom to put it away, I noticed eight or ten magazines... under his Bible, ironically. I made the mistake of glancing at them, and was quite shocked."
Prime Minister Harper has come outright and said that he would not support the motion. Also the Conservative whip Gordon O’Connor stated that it should be rejected. Mr O’Conner stated that despite Woodworth’s claims, the motion is intended to lead to a change in Canada’s abortion laws.
Still to come, Sting Vs Ric Flair…one more time.
This year's trip to Idlewild was bittersweet. Last year, we spent the majority of the time in the "kiddie" portion, with Dylan riding the smaller rides by himself. This year we didn't even go in that area. I think he rode just about every "big kid" ride he was allowed on... twice.
My friends have been really helpful and encouraging me. I do love them.
VV: Blogging gives me a daily routine of writing and editing, and researching and reading. It has given me new real life and e-mail friends who instantly get me (as I understand and appreciate them). It has given me employment in my field of expertise. Blogging has made me a happier, purposeful person.
Not, like, a girl girl. Just some black girl.
The cute little banners, the butterfly, Smile banner, and even the spinner are all chipboard! A little designer tip too, is to punch out shapes in the same patterned paper that you used, and pop them up for a cool 3D effect! Here is a close up:
Anyway - I digress.
That thing that's been lingering on your mind, burning in your heart.....that scary beautiful thing that you can't get out of your whole soul because it wants to be heard and acted upon........guess what lovely? It's not going to go away.
in order to finance this “fantastic life” of community college, ramen noodles and forties of king cobra (don’t judge, you were all there), i worked at noah’s bagels on irving street in the inner sunset. which meant, of course, that i ate bagels pretty much every day for about a year. as did my roommates. in fact, between us, we wanted for nothing. i worked at the bagel shop (as in, free breakfast and lunch), kristina worked at spinelli’s, which later became tully’s (free coffee) and ross worked at a beauty supply shop (free/discounted product and hair dye – a necessity in our home). to top it all off, my boyfriend at the time worked for escape from new york pizza, meaning not only free pizza (dinner!) but the best pizza in the world (it’s a fact. look it up.).
The Mohawk
XXVIII
L post more later. My computer is out of commission so I am doing this on my phone which is a pain. I promise an update is coming very soon.
11"H by 14"W, on panel.
Class of 2012,
This is one of my favorites... in addition to my Prince Charming stash, I also used a couple of fat quarters from Ruby. I heart Ruby! I'm seriously debating getting a fat quarter bundle from the whole line.
and now I am free
I think that is about it...for now. Other things always have a way of slipping in without me realizing it hah.
I now attract money effortlessly.
Jacquie x
It is understandable that some people want to feel like they are better than others or more loved by God than others, but that is an appeal to the human ego that is destructive to human spirituality. There is nothing more vile than the idea that God would condemn anyone to eternal damnation in hell for believing in the “wrong” dogmas. Such extreme punishment could only be justified if there was some empirical way to discover the truth in religion, thus making it beyond dispute. But if that was the case, it wouldn’t even be religion at all; it would be SCIENCE.
This Gucci 100% silk dress with back torsion and cut off effect, graphic side draping and emerald swarovski toggles with chain detail on waistband.
G-
Disclosure of Material Connection: I received this book free. I was not required to write a positive review. The opinions I have expressed are my own. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission’s 16 CFR, Part 255: “Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.”
Prayer, the sublimest strains that reach
“FHFA and the enterprises are committed to enhancing the short sales and deeds-in-lieu process as additional tools to prevent foreclosure, keep homes occupied and help maintain stable communities,” the agency’s acting director, Edward DeMarco, said in a statement. “These timeline and borrower communication announcements set minimum standards and provide clear expectations regarding these important foreclosure alternatives.”
On the topic of work, I am divided on the issue. I enjoy chatting with the lonely customers. I feel like I am providing them with a place for them to go to talk to another human. However, I find that I would like to be a writer or maybe even a pastor. I know that I’d take some Bible classes at a Seminary and some classes on writing too. Other times, I want to run as fast I can from working in retail. I hate when a customer treats me like crap. I hate when a customer complains about a 50 cent difference in a price. Then we go look at the tag and she ends up having misread the tag. (Please note that the item was on clearance at probably 75% off.) Is it really worth holding up a line to get fifty cents? I have had some refunds that were less than a dollar too. Why does a person return something for less than a dollar? I sometimes think that the time and paper is worth more than the refund. So, as you can see, I am divided on this issue. I could see working in a social service organization too. The money would be nice to pay for the taxi so that I could work whatever hours that they needed. It would be fulfilling at times to actually help people rather than sell cigarettes, alcohol and lottery tickets. These items don’t help anyone. But feeding the hungry, caring for the homeless, being with those who feel abandoned, crying with the mourning or hurting can help others.
b. Any other vertical of the E-commerce industry (travel, retail, etc.)
For the pentagon then, n (which stands for the number of sides or angles) = 5.
7. Words still have Meaning
Italo Calvino is one of those authors – like Graham Greene – whose works I devoured in my early twenties, and haven’t read much since. Calvino in fact has continued to publish new work regularly since his death in 1985, from the bran tub of unpublished and uncollected writings his relatives keep dipping into. I think it is safe to say that none of these will overturn the major works - If on a winter’s night a traveller, Invisible Cities, Cosmicomics, Marcovaldo, and so on. Then there is this book, which I recently remembered I didn’t finish first time around.
But be careful how you speak:
I don't want to go too into detail (everyone knows you aren't supposed to share too much online!), but I wanted to represent how I saw myself (the black and white part) and how other people could see me (the collage). I chose to use colour and put it in the center because the outside is what we see first, but it's also not very life like because it doesn't always show who we really are.
I will never ask you to suspend your healthy skepticism, except to point out that sometimes the eye roll reflex needs to be put on hold in order to consider new potential realities which, for once, actually work out good for us and bad for the scaly decepticon slave drivers.
The avoidance of Babel must begin, at the very least, with a change agent’s stated mission, values and philosophy. In this regard, the HPSA’s mission is stated as being to alleviate hunger, poverty and environmental degradation through education and training in sustainable animal production, raising public awareness. First, are these values enough? Some might raise the valid criticism that these values sound like clichés. However, it is the communities themselves that ought to decide. In line with Heifer’s mission, the host community is given space to decide and determine their need and develop a concrete plan for achieving their goals. But how big is this space? It seems that communities are asked, as families, to join together to define needs, set goals and participate in managing their projects as far as is possible. It is critical that, at the very beginning, a project such as HPSA develops a strategic, clear plan of action. Time is certainly important during this development of such a plan – so for up to three years staff, board and community members are all obliged to participate in this planning. This may define partnership. In this regard, Heifer works in productive partnership with civic groups, churches and individual donors.
Give me an arbor, give me the trellis’d grape,
2 tablespoon pickled cherry pepper, seeded and chopped
Weena – Anak, I will miss our breakfast talks and lunchtime walks. Mahal kita alam mo yan.
“Do you still have the checkbook?” he asked. “You could write yourself a check.”
petite pois with onions and tasso, lima beans,
The book is absolutely charming – sorry, I couldn’t resist. Fine’s storytelling is witty, complete with just the right amount of sarcasm and heart. She pulls you in to join her as she deals with friends, apartments, jobs, and rubbing elbows with real, genuine royalty. You laugh with her as she tells stories of society party adventures, such as when she shoves a pirate out a window at a costume party, and sympathize with her as her dreams teeter on the edge of a cliff – let’s just say that it’s hard to immigrate to the UK if you don’t want to have to marry some random guy or your gay friend. And if you’ve ever had crazy roommates, take solace in knowing that yours aren’t as insane as some of the people you read about in this book.
Giant
I love infographics. It’s the nerd in me. I’m cool with that. Today I saw the familiar triangle of Mazlow’s hierarchy of needs and it got me thinking how that translates to everything – even pole. So, I created one just for us!
In the last 10 months 40 extra caravans were granted planning permission by South Cambridgeshire District Council.
Or put it to good use helping, for example, to provide care for soldiers who have lost limbs and been horribly maimed serving this country in Afghanistan and Iraq. Read more>>
Luckily one of my best friends sent me a text to inform me otherwise I would have remained oblivious. Thank you very much to Lois and Nisha at Stella Magazine for thinking to include me, it means a lot!
Only 4 days to go till the premier of Doctor Who so I've posted something which I just noticed right now
"OK, I can let you in now," I said smiling.
-In thy face I see the map of honor, truth, and loyalty.
Whoever chose the word “troll” to describe the modern internet plague was definitely a frood who knew where his towel was at. Not only because it captures the spirit of their vicious attacks and gnarly stench, but because trolls have always preyed on those who dared stray from the path. Not in vain are they an integral part of the great con, in the CON-TROLL department.
John J. Macreedy: You're not only wrong. You're wrong at the top of your voice.
In the photo above, you can see the depth of each item.
Finally, I am, for all intents and purposes, a Constitutionalist, and I will not apologize for that. If you don’t agree with it, you are more than welcome to do one of two things, block it out or simply go away. Don’t take that as “don’t talk to me” command, I am always open to comments, questions and suggestions, but please keep them respectful.
It’s also noticeable that the Knowles family has this strange thing that took place. Matthew Knowles has taken such good care of his daughter Beyonce, he broke the law on her behalf time and time again. Yet, he never set his wife up. Instead, Ms “Tina” Knowles didn’t get her House of Dereon business started until her daughter helped finance her company. Where was Matthew in this project? One would think that it being is WIFE, that he’d set her up even better than he did his daughter. We suppose if Tina could shake it the way Beyonce does, then she could have been a Dream Girl or perhaps a Destinys Child.
Only she wasn't so nice after all.
The street this house sits on is a good one but like some boys, streets can come to a bad end. This one does, and the house is at that end, pressed up against the highway with enough ambient noise to drown out any nearby leaf blowers, if that’s a consideration. The building site is really a bathtub, scraped out below the original grade, and is approached by a narrow, steep driveway that wends its way through a swamp. There’s a Tobacco Road thing going on, with cheap, nasty houses on either side, complete with back yard dumps for unwanted household detritus. Inside, from what I could see, there is an undersized kitchen with an even smaller “family room”, and a dining room that can accommodate a friendly family of four. The place was locked so I couldn’t see upstairs but I imagine the same lack of design was executed there, too.
suddenly raged,
I've got back into knitting, but I haven't actually made anything yet, just practicing stitches.
was interested in where the less than 500 members. So here is how it broke down, I have 817 connections (yes a member of the 500+ club). However there is a rule for my connections as I must know them and they must know me. In short requests come in every day from folks because they work for the same company or we are members of a group in common. These won’t be accepted as they don’t meet the criteria above of knowing each other which matches with Dunbar’s criteria.
Mom went to pick up the kids and cracked up... Brody was in what she called "isolation" in the 1 year old room... separated from the other kids trying to minimize the infection possibilities! She said the whole school stunk... apparently Brody wasn't the only one afflicted. Although with Brody, I'll be honest, on any given day I don't know if you'd be able to tell the difference from his normal ridiculous stinkiness to actual sick stinkiness. That boy is something else, I'm telling you. He defies the laws of nature.
We’re told officers discovered 11.39 grams of pot after searching the rapper and his tour bus.
I was packing the boys lunch for school one morning and I look over while they are eating their breakfast and they are praying together for their food. And praying that they would be blue birds...not sure what that was about, but still sweet!
Naturally, you'll do your share of time-traveling throughout the course of the B-movie story, and there are a few neat little setpieces along the way. Nothing that'll make your brain hurt, but some cool, if way too familiar, sci-fi flourishes.
* Warning: Some fictional strategies may have been employed in writing this post.
The substance surrounding stupid people that stops bright ideas from penetrating. The bozone layer, unfortunately, shows little sign of breaking down in the near future.
Blaming television and other entertainment media for romanticizing risky behavior is always an option, but only to a point. While these influences do affect modern society, they can hardly be blamed for anything prior to about 75 years ago.
3 appropriate
Fox took me through his daily routine and showed me what his life is going to look like when he owns the farm in the future. When Fox says he does everything on the farm, he means it. Shifts on the farm can start as early as 2:30 a.m. and end as late as midnight. The cows on the farm must be fed at least three times a day and milking is also done in three different shifts during the day. Scraping pens and delivering calves is a full-time job in itself, but Fox manages to do the rest too (with some help of course). Fox showed his love for the animals on the farm through the tender care he gave each and every one he came into contact with.
Well, you know you belong here if … you play musical parking spaces every day.
AKA: Basically holes and a fabric choice away from being the great Satan, Crocs.
I’m neck-deep into my fourth novel, tentatively entitled Empty Houses.
StreetPass Features: Players can inspire friendly competition by using the Nintendo 3DS system’s StreetPass feature. They can engage in competitive StreetPass Matches or cooperative Ring Shot challenges with computer-controlled versions of people they encounter and share their StreetPass winning streak. StreetPass can also be used to show off players’ Mii characters, which can be customized with new outfits and accessories that can improve their on-court performance. As users play, new items for their Mii will be unlocked in the Item Shop.
He stepped forward and reached down to where the floor met that wall. He cupped his fingers and scraped at the floor and wall until he had made a hole going in sideways. He stood, leaped against the wall while reaching up but felt nothing. He stepped back, then took a big step forward as he jumped, but again he felt nothing up on the wall. He removed his sweatshirt and held the end of one sleeve as he swung the rest of the shirt upward. A few times, it harmlessly dropped down, but then it seemed to catch on something where just for a few seconds it didn’t immediately fall back down. When it did come down, he swung it up again, and again it caught on something temporarily.
3 tbsps. any neutral oil such as sunflower (vegetarians may use ghee)
4. If you won $1 million, how would you spend the money? Id give half to my parents, they deserve it. Then Id take the rest and give a little to my sister, donate to charities, and then keep the rest for college and my future.
The little boy, with the blue sweater, and brown shorts, who accidentally set himself on fire when he was 5 or 6.........
WINDOW CLEANER # 2
While Mother went into Camelot to help Mama with something, my sister and I took Pan out to eat. (I found out that is happens to be illegal to be keeping a raccoon because it might become too “humanized.”)
I’ve weathered seven months of grief, from the first global storm to the more isolated mists that beset me now. I’m settling back into myself, letting go of the incredibly tension that grief brings. We bereft are so focused on our lost one, so tensed against hurtful memories and mementoes, that it can bring on a host of physical problems, including Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome.
Speaking of bullying, here’s a great excerpt that someone posted to Facebook:
Although the slots are so curved it’s hard to detect, but the sections between these slots on upper part of the endplate are directly joined to the flap, thus the flap is remotely mounted, the loads pass through these three narrow section of endplate. This must be quite a structural feat. This design harks back to McLaren’s 2008-209 wings (see below) which mimicked the Renault practice of merging the endplate into the flap. Again the aim of this design was to manage the pressure differences at the wing tip for reduced drag.
Here are the rules for the award:
Pavement Cut your hair US
Guidelines for subs are here, and they allow you to email things in, so you can use the next four days to tidy up your drafts and figure out how to insert your contact details onto each page of the story. Lord knows it took me a while.
only to travel
In other news, it was very hot yesterday and it is very hot today. I have been working in shorts. I'm not sure how long I want this to continue for.
of a woman trying to translate pulsations
The sun, she always rises. As long as she continues to do so, there is always hope.
chopped red onion
After a moment’s hesitation, he started looking around him, searching for the littlest of signs to show him that he hadn’t gone completely mad. What was there to find among those desolate ruins? Yet, something caught his attention, a whiter shade amidst the soot. With blood pounding deafeningly in his ears, he started rummaging through fallen leaves, digging the soil with his nails. When he removed enough earth, he stopped and fell back, dazed. The criminal had left them there to burn. No fear came to grip his heart, only a devastating outrage and, when its waves died, an overwhelming peace.
Most often, food freedom looks like my kids eating lots of different things, some of which would be considered healthy, and some not.
Lesson #5
The other happens when you express some thoughts of suicide, or wanting to do something - anything - to stop feeling the pain. Many people respond to that by telling you to think of how your suicide would affect other people - friends, family, lovers, children. You know what? If you killed yourself, it would have a tragic, long-lasting impact on the people around you. I know, because I have had people I cared about kill themselves, too. You can use the pain your death would cause others as a reason not to do it, if that works for you.
Cover Chatter: The cover of this novel goes beautifully with the tale. A limitless blue sky, a knot of braids at the base of a long, graceful neck - the image epitomizes beauty and promise.
Madeline Daniels. Ph.D.: Dr. Daniels holds a Ph.D. in transpersonal psychology (1975), and another in clinical psychology (1988). She is a Full Member of the American Psychological Association, and a California licensed psychologist. She is also a Life Fellow of the American College of Forensic Examiners, and on the Board of the American Board of Intelligence Analysts. She holds Diplomate status as a Forensic Examiner and a Forensic Psychologist, as well as a Certification as Medical Investigator Level V. She was the Executive Director of Crossroads Center, a private counseling and consulting group in New Hampshire from 1979 to 1993. She has conducted workshops and in-service training, gave numerous professional presentations, and has taught at the State University of New York, the University of New Hampshire, and Humboldt State University in California, as well as a variety of community colleges. She wrote a syndicated newspaper column from 1982 to 1988, and authored 3 books. In 1983 she had a radio show in Boston, “Family Talk.” From 1988 to 1993, she ran an educational non-profit called the Spectrum Cross-Cultural Institute For Youth, Inc. (SCIY) which gave multi-cultural presentations in hundreds of schools throughout the U.S. and overseas. In addition, she drafted legislation to “support multi-cultural and multi-ethnic education for New Hampshire students,” and lobbied for 2 years with support from all political parties, conservatives and liberals. The bill was unanimously approved by the New Hampshire House of Representatives in 1990. She relocated to California in 1993. After nearly 17 years of working with victims and survivors of trauma and abuse, she began working with those who committed such crimes. She ran a parole outpatient clinic part-time for a year, then moved on to a forensic practice and contract work in over a dozen prisons. Her experience in California include over 500 hours on Child Protection Services cases and over 400 hours working in county jails. She now has a clinical practice in the Greater San Jose area.
Palin’s Facebook rant also included the obligatory sexualized reference of herself mowing the lawn in “tank top and shorts” which turned out to be a sort of prequel, as Zionist controlled media made sure MK’d “Tea Party Mascot” was showcasing her new “assets” at Belmont Race Track. So the media wants the masses to think they flew from Texas to NY, for rendezvous w/security detail (former Secret Service) invented silly tales (more pathological lying) of professional limo drivers getting lost on a 15min drive to very well-known grand Garden City Hotel next to Belmont Race Track, just so they could bet on a horse named “First Dude” and debut her new boobs, ratty truckers hat, Capri pants and flip-flops? NOT!
9 group
“Will you talk to me? Will you listen to the poem I wrote?” If they say yes, do your thing and thank them for their time.
Article 4 An agriculture administrative department of the people’s government at the county level or above shall establish a sound system of monitoring the safety of places of origin of agricultural products, intensify the investigation, monitoring and evaluation of the safety of places of origin of agricultural products, work out annual reports on the status and development trend of the safety of places of origin of agricultural products and submit the said reports to the agriculture administrative department of the next higher level for archival purposes.
PSS An equally large thank you to all those who booked and came along to support this event – from my very own Ale Stars and friends to the secretly booked brewers and the many local beer lovers who took a bit of chance on the unknown.
Hello crafters,
I've been in a very cranky mood for many days now. Actually, I wake up fine, feel fine, live my life, and then somewhere along the way someone comes along and pisses me off. I have been horrible about letting things get to me lately, though I've never been good with letting things roll off my back. I react, I become upset, I feel too much. It's an awful affliction, and if you don't share it, you probably don't get how badly it sucks most of the time. The highs are incredible, but the lows ruin your day every time.
"What is the use of a new-born child?"
Driving through the state next to the one in which we live, we did some meandering. We stopped for fireworks and snacks, we stopped so the teenagers could take pictures in a field, we stopped at a flea market. Turning into the parking lot of the flea market, we passed a field full of groundhogs, who were remarkably undisturbed when MC got out of the car to photograph them. At the flea market itself, we had the chance to hold puppies and browse.
The “existentials” need to find better ways to aim for and reach the moving target of the “millennials.” Abandonment of authority will not help teach anybody anything. Nor will free-floating theory divorced from grounded real-life application. From where I stand as a classroom teacher, detached abstraction is of little interest to the average college student.
Because we LOVE money, don’t we? I find it hard to believe when someone tells me they don’t like it when they’re wallet, purse, or better yet, your bank account doesn’t have a healthy amount of funds in it. We love the fact that we are able to make purchases after we’ve paid our bills.
The development comes as Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan faces a pair of deadlines Tuesday to answer dozens of questions about the issue.
In effect, our athletes and artists are the priests of our cultural religion. They define greatness for us, and lead us in a mass response to that greatness. But before we dismiss the superficiality of it all, there’s something we can learn.
Consumer advocates and members of Congress say patients may benefit from the new standards, being issued by the government under the new health care law. Officials said the disclosures increased the likelihood that doctors would make decisions in the best interests of patients, without regard to the doctors’ financial interests.
Barium What Doctors do when patients die
Not that I don’t like to write stuff on my own for fun. If I didn’t, it wouldn’t be fun, now would it? But I’m a huge procrastinator and there aren’t consequences if I don’t finish by a deadline set by myself.
Launched on April 25, the consortium will broaden research opportunities and identify new collaborations for future research projects and grant proposals. It will open up opportunities for new grant proposals, including training grants, that will be more competitive because of the consortium’s large base of stem cell biologists. It will also enhance opportunities for students to meet other stem cell researchers and gain exposure to new methodologies that may exist only on one of the three campuses.
5 free range eggs, seperated
One odd coincidence: in 2005, obama invested $90,000 in SkyTerra, which later became L2. The investment took place the very day SkyTerra’s stock soared following a preliminary FCC ruling allowing the creation of its wireless network. obama apparently sold the stock later at a $13,000 loss. At least two other administration officials still have financial links to L2.
Single white female seeking single white male... or single white female... someone to hang out with and get me off my lazy bum. Anyone out there? Any takers?
While it is my last day of classes, I’ll still be three credits short of my graduate degree. Just one small hurdle stands in my way: a capstone project.
“We are all capable of believing things which we know to be untrue, and then, when we are finally proved wrong, impudently twisting the facts so as to show that we were right.”
Nobel Week: Laureates
I am currently sat here absolutely devastated as our laptop will not turn on this morning. We have photos on there that haven't been backed up or moved onto the home computer!! Mum has gone to a local shop to see what they can do, so I'm just waiting to hear, hopefully it'll be good news. All I want is for it to turn on one last time so I can copy all photos across :( Arghhhh :( Sob sob :(
So when RN gets ready to leave, she say, “Don’t worry. I won’t drop by anymore. But you’re always welcome to come in my door anytime you want.”
They have given us into the hand of new unhappy lords,
I mistakenly filled the fermenter up to the 6 gallon mark instead of the 5.5 gallon mark I was shooting for, no problems, just a little more beer. But, when you pitch a pile of healthy top cropped yeast, the airlock gets clogged by krausen. I put a blow off tube in, but it wasn't working and got clogged. I popped the top on the bucket and just let the lid rest on. Hence the name of the brew, thare she blows! I have had krausen overflowing from the bucket for 24 hours now. Thankfully, I let my fermenter sit in a big round tub.
I have a favor to ask. If you belong to one of my facebook groups, and if you have time, will you go to the group, scroll down the wall (and click “older posts” when you get to the botttom of the page), look for discussion threads and make a comment? That brings the discussions to the top of the group page, and is a way of keeping them from getting lost. I’ll do it when I get back, of course, but any help will be appreciated.
“Critical monetization elements for multiscreen video: reach, engagement & agility” via Michael Barros Cisco Systems bit.ly/JFvrIg
It turns out that the video was less pilates, and more, um, cha cha.
Do you sneak in a nap during the day? Well according to this article in the Gulf Today a short snooze not going beyond 10 minutes increases productivity, improves intelligence and maintains emotional stability. The article goes on to suggest that a mid-day nap is not only accepted in many cultures but some go as far as to set up a special room to allow workers to have a siesta. Mmm I wonder if you would have trouble getting people to buy into that change.
Honestly, I had no problem with this entire plan until the fan was gone. Something about watching that little girly-ness leaving forever left me a little sad. It is not like the fact that my girls are growing up was a secret. In fact, the evidence is in every corner of my life: homework that involves medieval politics, the miniature Sephora store in my hall bathroom, the bras of every size and color going through the wash each week…
Every day, every trip, get it back to it’s starting point by removing whatever contents you brought into the car.
1, Preheat your oven to 160o/c and line two baking sheets with baking sheets. I use Teflon baking sheets but silicone ones would be just as good.
fun fun!
“Sometimes reading debates between figures on the left, involving historical references readers may not be familiar with, can be a daunting or even demoralising experience. But the brilliant and precise annotating of this collection, along with a short introduction to each piece, makes every article accessible to a wide range of readers…Day and Gaido have done a fantastic service with this immense collection. Witnesses to Permanent Revolution is a fascinating and thought provoking book and one that genuinely sheds new light on past debates about socialism that can help to inform the future.” —Esme Choonara, International Socialism
-The earrings deep in the Catacombs/Future Balzackia
So he went home alone and took a cold shower to clear his head and get to thinking correctly about her and the case.
As a reporter who followed him throughout 2009, Irvin is nowhere near an ‘issue’ and all that happened in the past is rightfully behind him.
NYIT’s annual energy conference on June 13 will feature experts in emergency response, energy technologies to help disaster-stricken areas, and shelter models for developed and under-developed countries.
I wander through strong
in joining this effort. Together, insha’Allah we can make a
Total playing time: 29:47
Similar purges take place across society and within the entertainment industry, Andy Gray, for instance was secretly taped in a private, off air, conversation and paid for his politically incorrect views with his job and reputation. Meanwhile ITV have announced that Brian True May the producer of Midsummer Murders will be "stepping down" from his position following politically naïve revelations made in an interview with Radio Times. Readers will recall that Mr. True-May admitted that the programe avoided casting ethnic minorities as residents of the fictional village of Midsummer, in order to maintain the “quintessential Englishmess” which the series' viewers so enjoy.
And what we live with...
definition with the goal of formulation,
They do pay taxes : ’13 percent: The tax rate Exxon paid last year, lower than the average American family’.
I was looking at my original post, Water Kefir Newbie, and I've made so many changes that I think make it so much easier that I wanted to just do a completely new post. I have a few friends who I've sold/given water kefir grains to and they're telling me that they don't look like mine and aren't multiplying. So, I'm doing a step-by-step post of how I do mine so that it can be replicated, hopefully. Here's what I use to make mine:
access and present the data in a human-readable form. One result of this paradigm is the bundling of both the Data Services and the software
Some of the things in which Jews and Gentiles (the entire world) are alike are as follows:
Continue weaving the felt strips until you reach the end of the square. As I played around with this I found there are many different ways you can weave the strips to create different patterns and looks. Play around with it and see what you like.
most of my clothings are from Hysteric Glamour, Anap, Glad News and Black Peace Now etc...
Reader Ethan alerted me to these great photos on his Ethan Finkelstein's Flickr page. The photos were taken in the early hours of Saturday, right after a car drove into the Gowanus Canal.
I have a strong suspicion this isn’t going to happen. At that point I guess I have to consider either delaying it for a few months, or going to Wisconsin. Or I guess I could try again to find someone locally, but I do not wish to deal with endos who know next to nothing about Cushing’s and even less about my doctor. So I’d say that’s my last choice.
If you haven’t heard of nutritional yeast, it is a flaky yellow powder and adds a cheesy texture. It looks like this and you can find it in the bulk sections of most health food stores, or in big containers at Whole Foods. Nutritional yeast is a great gluten-free source of protein and b-vitamins.
- Families will pay higher taxes.
Then I remembered the I Like Book series on the iPad: a fabulous iPad/iPod series that highlights a single topic (e.g. I Like School, I Like Summer, I Like My Sister, I Like Cats (paid), I Like Colors (paid), etc…). I had inadvertently been given my charge: to create an “I Like My Cousin” digital book with each page highlighting a shared event or moment (e.g. I like riding a camel, I like Grammy’s toys, I like trains, I like Grampy’s rocking chair, I like the beach, I like Easter egg hunts etc…).
In his early years Thor had adventures on Earth, or Midgard as the Norse referred to it, and in Asgard and the other nine realms of Norse mythology. An early feature of the series was Tales of Asgard, where episodes of Norse mythology were re-enacted, sort of Marvel Comics meets Classics Illustrated. Eventually Thor spent most of his time in Asgard, his secret identity of Donald Blake going by the board, especially after Thor learned that he had always been Thor and that Odin had placed him on Midgard in the guise of Donald Blake in order to teach him humility. Thor was one of my favorite comic book series as I was growing up in the Sixties. I was fascinated by the Norse mythology background and I found the Thor stories to be more imaginative than the more prosaic and formulaic superhero adventures of most of the other comic book series. I also found the quasi-Shakespearean language in which Thor and the other Norse “gods” spoke to be a hoot!
all night kitchen-wall scouring, all night swearing
The Tiger's Wife by Téa Obreht (due out in 2010, the short story in The New Yorker a few weeks ago was awesome, yes, once again it relates to cats).
Reasons for writing are as varied as those who write. For example, in a recent online discussion, horror writer Rob M. Miller said, “I write because I have something to say, and I want it to be heard.” Even if there was a chance he wouldn’t be heard, he would still write because, as he says, “I write to self-explore my mind, to self-medicate, to share my worldview.”
I am trapped
lastly, she just go somewhere by her own…n leave her girlfriend…
James McConnell Clark
Occupy Wall Street is part of an international people powered movement fighting for economic justice in the face of neoliberal economic practices, the crimes of Wall Street, and a government controlled by monied interests. #OWS is the 99% organizing to end the tyranny of the 1%.
The problem with this query though is that I don't see anything compelling. It's all very cliche: white supremacists, lone wolf hero. You can have a structurally sound query (well, you could, once you revise) but the book itself isn't doing much for me here.
Thank you all for sticking with me. I'll be posting again later today, and hopefully throughout the week.
We have become a society that is so reliant on the Web that nearly everyone is lost, or bordering on death by boredom, without it. Now, I could set myself a goal and say “no internet for a day” to try and prove myself wrong… except I know that I would only drive myself crazy and end up failing miserably.
And the remnant of Jacob shall be among the Gentiles in the midst of many people as a lion among the beasts of the forest, as a young lion among the flocks of sheep: who, if he go through, both treadeth down, and teareth in pieces, and none can deliver.
I don’t think this book is ever out of the Top 10.
Now, I am a woman so I can't guarantee that once we start the project I won't change my mind at least 20 times. But at least, with this little exercise, I can see what I'm drawn to and what elements are must-haves.
Since the birthday girl loves chocolate, I baked two layers of my favorite chocolate cake, and then filled it with a rich chocolate mousse (the same chocolate mousse recipe that I used to fill my heart surprise cake, as well as the various triple chocolate mousse cakes that I've made.) Once filled and stacked, I cut off Hello Kitty's bow and carved the cake a bit to further shape the piggy ears. Then I covered it with pink cream cheese frosting.
I can assure you that it's every bit as difficult as it sounds.
I watched you through the ice
Oh, and I didn’t even talk about story structure because I really don’t think 250 words gives us a very good indication of whether the story started in the right place or not (though it sure let us know when someone started with too much description).
A minute later he returned with another bowl of soup. He warned her not to do it again, and placed the bowl on the table. She went beserk trying to attack him with her fist. Her effort was pathetic, screaming through tears for him to just kill her and be done with it. Tired of her outburst he backhanded her across the face. Her eyes danced in their sockets. Ehausted she slumped forward and sobbed uncontrollable.
Basically, the excess safety could help you, and your own property get enough rest during the night time, despite looking at a difficult film. Just emphasize your kids which the digital cameras are looking out for aliens, if the view of digital cameras at home could shock them.
5) Bloodbuzz Ohio
- watch - birthday present
Well, hello and thanks for clicking on my blog on the IndyHumane web site. Maybe you’re just curious about who I am or maybe you’ve met me at IndyHumane and liked what you saw. Either way, thanks for reading my blog.
For the sauce: Chop onion and garlic. Drizzle oil in a sauce pan, add onions and saute for 3 minutes until translucent. Add chopped garlic, cook another 2 minutes. Deglaze the pan by splashing a little white wine in. Once that’s cooked off, add ground venison. Stir and cook until browned but not tough – about 4 minutes. Add crushed tomatoes. Stir to combine, add salt and pepper to taste. Another splash of wine won’t hurt things either.
On Sunday, after checking out of our B&B we popped into town and had a stroll through museum gardens followed by a look in my favourite picture shop on Petergate. We then drove North to Easingwold and had a little wander before heading to St Johns the Evangelist Church for a christening.
And running.
If the Dervish taught class, the spelling test you'd ace!
sometimes … there is no explanation
Now, I used to be in the habit of reusing plastic water bottles from bottled water. It was like I felt bad for even buying bottled water and I thought reusing the bottle multiple times was my restitution. While that's not a bad thought, you really don't want to use them more than the once. BPA, my friends. If you are unfamiliar with BPA, Google it. There is tons of information out there about it. Basically, it is a chemical that acts like estrogen in the body and can cause major problems.
Range: (Smarts) x 10" radius
forgive the things I do
And....
Bailey, one of our shift leads, implemented an operational change over the winter that saved us just about 100 percent of our waste costs. She didn’t ask permission; she just changed the way we prepared and stored our mixins.
I'm going to be true to myself. And I hope you'll stay with me, despite these little adjustments, so I can keep learning who you are, too.
Arrival in a snowy world
In the hope it would breed understanding and open channels again.
I do not wish to detract from today's euphoria, it is a euphoria which is well deserved, we have achieved great things in the face of huge opposition. However, that opposition is still there and the next few years will not be easy for any of us, for the enemies ranged against us are legion.
Askas pictures aren't always exactly flattering, they're certainly not designed to make you look pretty, but they are always interesting pictures and I love the shoots.^-^
Bofors L/60 air defense weapons are
So please come and join us just For Fun this week. My teamies can't wait to see what you come up with. Myself is having a break but I really wanted to make a card at least. LoL
Michael honey, CARPE DIEM!
I’ve realized that not crying doesn’t make you strong. Sometimes you have to be strong enough to let it all out. I’m still not that strong.
Jennifer Roback Morse, Ph.D. is the founder and President of the Ruth Institute, president of the Ruth Institute a project of the National Organization for Marriage to promote life-long married love to college students by creating an intellectual and social climate favorable to marriage.
"Not if he's wearing his muskrat armor," I added.
Annabel had asked me if we would be happy to have our picture as part of the piece but I expected it to be a tiny photograph rather than, boom pow anna and Bean!
This was obviously going to be a meal of sufficient size and calorific value to fuel an overweight worm-infested Sherpa laden down with oxygen bottles all the way up the final 10,000 feet to the summit of Mount Everest.
When Shadow became available, Jack really, really wanted her. He had to revisit his fears about losing a dog and weigh whether the pain would be worth it. Before long we were heading a few hours south to pick her up.
‘He’s not comfortable with individuals giving large amounts. He wants a wider base of people giving smaller amounts,’ said a party official at the time.
Here Christ has enlightened the fishermen by the Spirit.
22. Rocky Ground / When The Saints Go Marching In (w/ Michelle Moore)
Vehicle Sales Tax
His hand moved underneath my loosened hair, cupping the back of my head like a pillow, and his expression of wonder made me dizzy. “It is foolish and reckless, raven, but yes. I think I understand it as well.”
Robyn's Fetish Digital Stamps And More, a division of I Did It Creations, was created and is is owned by Robyn Weinrib. Robyn offers a wonderful variety of digital stamps and digital papers, designed to meet the needs of all digital paper crafting addicts for every occasion.
if you can please donate to team "Tiptoe Butterfly" or myself "Erika Falkowski" (goes to same account, which i drop the funds off at the Komen center in Summit, NJ before the race) - register if you can - or build your own team in your neck of the woods (global) and lets make a difference in this world!
I'm not saying that you should have any logic flaws, of course. Things should be thought through. But let us say that there are certain things that got missed in the analyzing part of developing your novel, because "that's the way it is" in your head. Or you think something's really cool and can't come up with a solid reason for it, but hang on anyway because it's cool.
With tears in my eyes.....I have to say this to you all.....it is very hard but I just have to do it....
I’m all for creativity. I’m also, obviously, a huge proponent of photography. I also remember that my first camera was…ummm…limited. So were my photo editing skills. And while my images might not have been quite as good as the work I produce now, it was still a creative outlet for me… In the words of David Pasillas, an iphonetographer-friend, “I suppose we all started out with simple edits or bad filters and evolved into much more complex edits. I know I was guilty of putting awfully harsh vignettes on most of my images a few years ago. haha” (Check out his work with the iPhotos. He impressed me with how much he can do with just a cell phone and some apps!)
taking me out for runs
Some positive developments for a change this morning with news that Wandsworth Borough Council has approved plans for the redevelopment of the Battersea Power Station site, the most valuable single asset in the NAMA-controlled portfolio. The site is owned by Real Estates Opportunities (REO) PLC which is controlled by Treasury, one of the NAMA Top 10 developers. The approval should serve to enhance the value of the asset and increase the likelihood that the loans securing the asset will be repaid – REO itself owes NAMA nearly €1bn representing loans on its portfolio of property in the UK and Ireland.
"Bad boy ... tsk tsk. Mag se sex ba tayo? (Are we going to have sex?)"
In light of all what we have for our view of the Kurdish issue, we can not, in any case to exceed the ceiling provided for being exceeded all limits, and taking the Kurdish components of the situation, and work to attract the energies of other Kurdish present in the scene.
How do you keep your awake and aware ten-year-old child free from fear?
I am kind of sad and happy all at the same time that the school year is coming to an end. I don’t know quite what to do with myself while I am off work… I am sure there will be plenty of honey-do’s!! I will still be blogging… just more generalized educational stuff.
Its the grails params.id that is the problem. In 1.2.2 the above URL would mean that in your controller you could have ‘params.id == “Some Item”‘
I will be here (will you be here)
VO Blum / An Interview and an Excerpt from DownMind / 86
Single Color Meanings
Yay! now I can finish the second settee!
Half-Blood immediately picked up where Daimon left off--Alex, running from the Daimons who are hunting her after she escaped from home and left her mother's lifeless body. While fighting the Daimons, she was found by the Sentinels (Covenant warriors who hunt and kill Daimons), one of them is Alex's long-time crush, a Pure and swoon-worthy--Aiden St. Delphi.
1- I'm really grateful for Wednesdays, because it gets me to blog a bit. lol. It seems as though we've been so busy lately that I haven't been tracking our experiences here, like I really do love to do. I know this will shift. In the mean time, I've been really grateful for connecting here on Wednesdays.
Trenchmouth
:: Orange: Regain up to 1d -- You've still got a bit of Fight left in you after all
I remember an impromptu writing assignment I had to do in college. We had to write about a place in the past we could never actually visit. A historical event. And I forget the objective of the exercise. Sounds kinda 5th-grade-y now, but I do remember that I wrote about how awesome it would be to see the Slits sing "Newtown" live.
You can use different cookie shapes and colors for holiday themes.
3-4 tbls light soy
9. “Our message to the Taliban remains the same, but today, it may have even greater resonance. You cannot wait us out. You cannot defeat us …” – Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the Treaty Room of the State Department (May 2, 2011)
So here’s how I picture my life… this is what I want it to look like all. the. time. (And yes, I just got excited about drawing and using fun colors. Don’t judge me).
You by whom the Word was made flesh,
And though Deep Throat was portrayed as a man sickened by the wiretaps and break-ins by the White House, Felt himself, writes Holland, “authorized illegal surreptitious entries into the homes of people associated with the Weather Underground.”
Tonight I’m curling up with Hope Floats with my green tea and then off to bed.
much love from the colemans.
I appreciate this will be quite tedious for those who are already familiar with the argument, but to make sure we all start off from the same point, here is the basic version of Craig’s Kalam argument:
McElwee picks up the narration after Leacock begins it, effectively beginning the film's transition. He describes how Sherman destroyed Atlanta, Columbia, S.C. and thousands of smaller towns, burning homes, plundering cattle and leaving an unprecedented path of destruction before bringing about a Confederate surrender in North Carolina. As McElwee notes, Sherman's march marked the first time in modern warfare where a campaign had been waged primarily against a civilian population. The director informs us that he first conceived the idea for the documentary about a decade before he actually filmed it, thinking it would be interesting to look at Sherman's lingering influence in the South and on Southerners. He shares the tale of an aunt who keeps in her attic an ancestor's couch which still bears the puncture holes from the swords of Sherman's troops who were searching for hidden loot. When McElwee finally received a grant that would allow him to fund such a documentary, before he returned to his Boston home to prepare, he stopped first in New York to share the good news with the woman that he'd been seeing. Unfortunately for Ross, when he arrived she informed him that she'd reconciled with her ex-boyfriend, knocking McElwee for a loop. He stayed in New York after they argued for awhile, taking refuge in a friend's vacant loft. Eventually, he decides to head south to see his family and begin his film but William Tecumseh Sherman's starring role has been usurped and the Sherman's March's title card makes its appearance followed by a subtitle added to more accurately reflect the documentary's broader scope in terms of subject matter.
Planning gives purpose and direction to your daily activities. Without it, your activities are aimless and uncoordinated. Whether you are a start-up business or a growing business, if you have not developed a plan or updated you existing plan, it is essential that you do so, not just for your sake, but for the sake of those who are called to co-labor with you.
To cut it short I got tested in a little clinic in Hammersmith. I had to wait 48 hrs for the results and two days later I was given the all clear. Verity was sitting besides me as the doctor spilled out the good news and gave me my test results. On hearing the news Verity began crying and I began thinking of Ace and wondering whether his phone would be on yet. What a great day it would be if after all these months of worry I could score early and get back home and sink into oblivion properly. Now that would be perfect! After having my life saved it was only right that I risk it again... if not what would be the point in having it back? The thought and the day was temptingly delicious in its coldness. The doctor babbled on some more but I never heard a word. Before leaving he referred me back to The Needle Exchange for a session on safe injecting practices. Of course I never went. I wouldn't need to. From that moment on I never ever shared a room with someone injecting again, and only on a handful of occasion ever had someone inject in my presence. The life scared me, and the people even more.
Jacob Leinenkugel Brewing Company Leinenkugel's Sunset Wheat
“Do you have a preference on how I kill him,” Nik asked. When Wro’bel’s brows knitted in confusion at the question, he added, “It’s just a little bonus I offer my clients on jobs like this. Offers a kind of…challenge.”
**Whiskey, beer, and karaoke.
I did take you to the park for the first time and in impulse plopped you in the swing, which was clearly several months beyond your age range...but I threw the baby carrier around your torso and you sat up like a champ....and LOVED it. You started uncertain but by the end were giggling uncontrollably.
But be careful, if you click "Apply to Blog" your blog template will automatically be converted! You can revert back to the older version, but certain functionality will be lost. In particular, your Google Analytics will be gone.
Well the rain has returned and I was trying to think of something to do with Miss F. I wanted to do something a little different from painting etc. Making play dough was the perfect thing to do, as not only was it fun to work with but we got to make it together as well. Sadly we don’t have any essential oils at home but I will be buying some asap. Can you imagine playing with play dough that smells of sweet orange? Bliss.
Natalie starts getting scared, and asks the janitor to let her out of the truck. The door won't open from the inside(???), and Natalie's demeanor starts to annoy him. At that point a car comes from the other direction with its headlights off, so the janitor flashes his on and off at the driver. D'oh! Just like the urban legend, the other driver swerves and starts to chase them. As Natalie urges the janitor to accelerate, the other car pulls up beside them, and both get a good look at the killer's hooded jacket, but no details of his face.
-Merrell, who missed her own quotes last week.
2 cups granulated sugar
Sizes range from 6months to 14years, 17 - 30inch chest.
stay gone. train your heart
Where is your treasure? What do you treasure? What are you living for? What’s most important to you? (Where is your heart?) Mathew 6:19-21, “Don’t store up treasure here on earth, where moths eat them and rust destroys them, and where thieves break in and steal. Store your treasures in heaven, where moths and rust cannot destroy, and thieves do not break in and steal. Where your treasure is, there the desires of your heart will also be.”
Today I wanted to show you a lamp that is in my stamp studio. I actually have two of them- one is at the die cutting area and the other one is at my Cricut area. These were really cheap bedside/dresser lamps that I got at Walmart a year ago on clearance for $4 each. Of course I couldn't use them just as they were so I had to fancy them up to fit the Paris Chic theme I have going on in the room. They were just plain cream lamps so I added the black braid around the top and bottom with hot glue. The velvet ribbon has a rhinestone buckle and then I added the black rose.
I'm wondering what our friends and family are going to say when they hear about this crazy plan. No more trips to the grocery store? Well, yes, we'll still need dog food and toilet paper and toothpaste, so yes, we will still be going somewhere to purchase those things. But what this means for us is a whole new layer of things to do in the kitchen.
I haven't read Philip J. Riley's reconstruction of the picture -- honestly, I can't remember now whether it was the opportunity to buy it or the good sense that I lacked in 1987 -- but I have seen the Turner Classic Movies reconstruction, and there are major discrepancies between it and the story told by Marie Coolidge-Rask. In TCM's version, Hibbs is identified as Arthur, not Jeremiah (Jerry), and he's Sir James's nephew, not his secretary. (Variety's Mori says Hibbs is Roger Balfour's nephew, but that doesn't make sense and is probably a mistake on Mori's part.) Neither the TCM version nor the reviews mention the murder of Harry Balfour, or even his existence, although the illustration in the novel (see Chapter 2, "Another Mystery") suggests Harry must have been in there somewhere. (Oddly enough, in the caption Jules Cowles, who played Gallagher the chauffeur, is identified by his own name rather than his character's.)
In other words, it's perfect for this blog.
The town did a wonderful job of keeping town folk informed with 'Code Red' phone calls. Local radio stations get my 'thumbs down' for not getting critical update on the air, only playing 'happy' music with an overly 'bright and shiny' enthusiastic DJ that never seemed to look out his window and let us, who had no other means of gathering information but the radio, know what was going on.
- Increase in the Medicare payroll tax from 1.45% to 2.35% for individuals making $200,000+ and families making $250,000+
I'm sorry. I got completely sidetracked feeling bad for myself. Burger King and My Blog Spark actually sent me a $25 Burger King gift card to try out the new Burger King Family Bundle meals.
7. Life Goes On (3:24)
“We didn’t have that strong of a team… so I kind of hand to score some more goals,” Gawdin said. “I just like to make the players around me better and hopefully they make me better too.”
BUT, (why is there always a but?) Well when we first met, I was hammered and he was sober; well at least I thought he was sober but as I just said I was hammered. Anyway he walked me to a taxi basically and made sure I got home safe. The second time we met, I tapped him on the shoulder and said hello and he had this really blank look on his face and you practically see steam coming from his ears he was trying that hard to remember who I was.
(504) 899-9126
A great deal of our behaviour occurs without our being aware of what we are doing or of the stimuli that elicit this behaviour. Why then do we have a vivid sense of having conscious control of our actions even though this is an illusion? What does consciousness add to our abilities? First, our sense of being in control of our actions is intimately related to the feeling of being responsible for our actions.
8) Come In Alone by My Bloody Valentine - from "Loveless"
Incidentally I didn't have any bakers twine the right colour so I just dyed a length of white with a couple of drops of re-inker - I'm VERY excited about that so you'll probably be seeing lots of different colours of bakers twine turning up all over my cards! The flower cluster was coloured with markers with a shadow added in Sahara Sand to make it pop.
Day 2 consisted of measuring my biceps, thighs, waist, etc. for the trimming. Ryan proceeded to work on the arm pieces while taking an international business conference call. What a multi-tasker!
Even though my husband and I plan not to send our children to school, I do not think of myself as their teacher. I won't be deciding when they are ready to learn things. I will keep our lives full of "push toys" so they can practice things on their own when they choose. And most importantly, I will be there when they want to take my hands and lead me somewhere.
Once upon a time there were two little boys, Matteo and Nico. Oh, how they loved to pretend to be warriors, vikings and knights! Using sticks, they'd duel each other...swinging and poking, slashing and screaming, their poor mother was at her wits end! What power these little boys had! What energy! Then something magical and wondrous happened... she met Master Alejandro.
Up early and at the ISA meeting point for our excursion by 8:30.
The deeper question thrown up by this affair is whether politicians should be protected from people who want to throw pies at them. Getting a pie in the face is an unpleasant distraction if you’re not expecting it, but it never does serious damage. I must have seen hundreds of clowns get facialized without being harmed by the experience.
Tomatoes, bell peppers, and eggplant really look great. Should be picking some bell peppers in the next week or so.
But I have to be economical: if I don’t slice those words, my editor will, and I’d rather be the one holding the scalpel. This forced concision means I have to think hard about word choice. Not only word by word, but paragraph by paragraph. Some passages, especially descriptive ones, add nothing substantive. They’re decorative, and when you’re on a word budget, decoration is the first thing to go.
If you have never been in a serious spiritual friendship before, and your own sense of spiritual life and experience seems thin, then you probably have little spiritual self-confidence and much vulnerability in approaching such a relationship.
Talos Drellik +5 crit +5
It was the best I had read anything in a long time also because the longer I read the more I felt this story was more about my daughter than a capless pen.
This bathroom used to be green, blue and pink.
"THE HOLLY KING" by Joanna Powell Colbert
:: Yellow: Regain up to 2d
Pinch of cayenne
As Steele wrote, “Mr. Obama’s extraordinary dash to the forefront of American politics is less a measure of the man than of the hunger in white America for racial innocence.” And, “For whites, here is the opportunity to document their deliverance from the shames of their forbearers.”
This is the beginning of the time of light here in the twilight north, a time that is cherished and celebrated.
When I was three years old I left my little rubber giraffe here”.
Not sure if I shared this in my last post or not...but the other reason I haven't been blogging is that I was recently (well, a couple months ago) diagnosed with Rheumatoid Arthritis. I've been in a lot of pain for the last several months, and it has taken the doctors a while to figure out the best medications to treat it. It's sort of a trial-and-error method, I guess. I just started a new medication last week - and while the jury is still sort of out on whether I'll be able to take it on a long-term basis, I *am* able to curl and uncurl my fingers when I wake up in the mornings for the first time in months, and it's not excruciatingly painful on my feet the minute I step out of bed! I consider that a huge improvement over the way things have been. So I'm at least hopeful that this one will work!
I must admit that i’ve caught a bad cold just in last days of winter. By the way, my Sabzeh seems quite lame this year since i tried to grow green beans for the first time. I had to do it at least a week sooner & they don’t seem to grow enough until new year eve . Only 5 days to go and my Sabzeh needs a miracle!
At the end of the first class, we will write a brief statement in our journals of our expectations for the course.
Karen Hall
That evening we dropped off our pilot again, or was it the next day and we passed Macapa again. At one point, saw lots of big tankers and cargo ships waiting to go down the Amazon. They were high up in the water so you could see their propellers ready to pick up their cargo, either grain or soya beans which are exported from here. Some very rusty with names such as Dona Deborah Manaus, Federal Venture, Yacu Taski (seen this name before). Feel like I’m a ship spotter, bit nerdy collecting ship’s names but I love it. Manaus is the very large city further down the Amazon which I’d love to visit but we didn’t go that far. We were the only cruise ship around and somebody asked the captain how he managed to navigate up and down the river considering it is so complicated. He said the important things they use are the radar, the speed log and the distance to shore which has to be measured constantly otherwise we could hit a sandbank or worse. Good job this isn’t the Costa ship and we have our Captain Atle.
I usually try to avoid being the goalkeeper as the whole affair then tends to quickly descend into a no-holds-barred street fight with an abundance of further crying and much melodrama. I’ll be trying desperately to award appropriate free-kicks and penalties without World War III erupting with a near-constant soundtrack of ‘He kicked me…you let that in on purpose…it’s too hard to score…waa!’ The ball, which plays only a very minor role in these circumstances, will spend most of the time deep in the shrubs or next doors garden.
It was a longgggg day around the house but NO SPENDING went on Fiscal fast day 3 was a sucsess. The majority of the day was spent keeping up with Karsyn, it has been too cold and windy outside to take Mason out so she has been getting into anything and everything. DD#3 is back from vacation, YAAA, she will have the little girls tomorrow so I can have a break, just me and Mason man.
Gaining at least one "bead" for my collection to the Jar. Gaining means to take a step toward my wished future, where I will communicate a different way... namely I dare to share my inner needs, to take on my thoughts, feelings, needs. To master in this language needs to practice .. At least one situation a week. Usually there would be more occassions, only I do not dare to show my inner self... But without practice I won't reach my aim...
Then after the excitement died down, we put our son on the bus for his first overnight Summer Camp! *gulp* He's been away from home before, but always at a friend or grandparent's house. I fear this pang of panic is the first of 1000s to come as he gets older. And in four weeks, Babygirl starts Kindergarten! Life is moving much to fast over here. Lucky for you, painting is always a good distraction! First Living Room Project coming up tomorrow!
So often I remind myself
In his order, acting Judge Leon Halgryn said "... the publication and chanting of the words "dubul' ibhunu", prima facie satisfies the crime of incitement to murder".
Birch bark can be soaked until moist in water, and then formed into a cast for a broken arm.
We won’t be ghosts or angels, floating around somewhere. Jesus was not resurrected as a spirit – he had a physical body. On several occasions after he was raised, he sat down and ate with the disciples. He promises us resurrection bodies also (1 Corinthians 15). He promises us a new heavens and new earth (Revelation 21 & 22) where will live and love and do the things we love to do, and be connected to God and to each other without the destruction and cruelty of sin and sorrow.
At LONG LAST!!!!!!!!!!! We have had these beer in our fridge for some time, and I'm finally getting to it. If you don't know about the Sam Adams Longshot beers, basically they are some serious beers brewed at the National Homebrew Competition, chosen by Boston Beer Company to brew on their system and distribute to the masses. If you can get, GET IT!
Publisher: Henry Holt Books for Young Readers
So, I started with one of my favorite authors, Marian Keyes.
Giuliana Rancic
but not today.
This is a great urban legend-like story that makes its rounds on the internet from time to time, and it isn’t really true. I wish it was because it’s a beautiful story and it does illustrate the principle that you reap what you sow.
Well... In and out that ever-foreboding "rut"; here and there and everywhere.
What can we expect now?
"I entered into alliances with my paper soulmates." First Jean Rhys and Jane Bowles and Anna Kavan. Then Elfriede Jelinek and Ingeborg Bachmann and Thomas Bernhard. They are the ones who wrote the family for me. They wrote of the deep closets of the past, of history. They wrote around the silence.
The best self-defense tactic is called "target denial," which means "don't be there." Act out a scenario where maybe your child is walking in the school corridor (or any other place where he or she might bullied). You can pretend to be a bully standing by the wall saying mean things. Ask your child what these mean things might be because what is considered insulting or upsetting is different for different people, times, and places.
SO now I am the bad rat and he is Mr. Fun!
See this excerpt:
Searchlight Director Gerry Gable
I've had quite a few requests to share how I needle turn applique....so here we go!
■Choice of one: Hip Hop Abs, Turbo Jam, Brazil Butt Lift, Slim in 6, or Power 90
Lucy's smile vanishes. She tells Sir James she doesn't like him when he talks like that. Then she is gone; Sir James and Roger Balfour are alone.
For decades, Palestine was the focus of nearly every protest in the Arab world. It was the acceptable outlet of frustration for almost every regime in the region, the bone they would throw their frustrated masses. But it was also the vehicle for mobilization and a training ground for political organizing that became useful for activists later on.
"We promise that this work with the Net of Light will do untold good," the Grandmothers said. "We are calling you to service now. You are needed. Do not miss this opportunity. We thank you and bless you."
I know the Nachos doesn't even qualify as a decent recipe. But for a start, allow me to share the least dish I know how to prepare.
“…Even so the tongue is a little member, and it can boast of great things. See how much wood or how great a forest a tiny spark can set ablaze!”
6. Donna – FM Static
05) Teenage (Totp's)
Why don't you all go and visit these ladies!
My mother was gracious to come with me the day of surgery. We sat watching tv in the waiting room with another young girl and her mother. At least I was old enough to decide on this in a well thought out process. The girl waiting looked like she had just started her period. My mom was comforting. Occasionally she would stroke my hair or hold my hand. She was with me during an unfortunate necessary surgery pre-op where I lost my marbles several times and knew the drill.
F I G U R E S !
To properly perform a leash correction, you must start with a loose leash. If there is tension on the leash (aka, if your dog is pulling), you won’t be able to do this properly. Bring your hand down near your dog’s neck–if you have a small dog you will have to bend over. Quickly jerk the leash to the side (NOT back), and then immediately let the leash loose again. The leash should be taunt for less than 2 seconds.
According to the sophistomanifesto, first by chronological order then in parentheses reading order, which is probably the more significant of the two. The significant moment prelude: The Man in the High Castle. That which brings them together: The Simulacra (The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch). That which threatens to separate them: The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch (Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep). Getting to know you: Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep (UBIK). Mythos 1: theme: UBIK (A Maze of Death). Mythos 2: variation: A Maze of Death (Valis). Resolution of the mythos: harmony: A Scanner Darkly (The Divine Invasion). Climax: Valis (The Transmigration of Timothy Archer). Descent of understanding: The Divine Invasion (The Simulacra). The significant moment: The Transmigration of Timothy Archer (A Scanner Darkly).
as the sun rises,
So, this piece is charcoal & graphite on 18”x12” white paper. The objects in the work are: a beat up heart and my arsenal of protection from more relationship stress: 2 pistols, 2 rifles & 2 knives. The cache of weaponry radiate around one side of the heart like a fan. This is NOT about wanting to literally take lives (that’s bad, plus bloodiness creeps me OUT!) So, the look of it is basically a big fat, non-literal visual “GO AWAY”. Niiiice… Whenever I have to explain my artistic style, I often mention that I like to create art that is emphatic, very expressive. No namby-pamby for me. I like it loud with a sharp edge. This is that. And I think it would look dope on a rock group’s CD cover!
Frolicking. Swimming. Running up and down the hard-packed sand and screeching with joy like young gulls and finding treasures and swooping from the water to the sand to where the adults sat with their faces tipped to the sun and back to the water again.
Like with our usual eBay store, most auctions usually start at just one penny! The only difference is that they ship out from our midwest location and Chris & Amber handle the processing & shipping. They always are also happy to ship worldwide! New stuff added DAILY!
Following the first anniversary of the Arab Awakening, there has been more unrest in the streets. So yesterday I called in the black ops and ordered up some regime change.
For my friend, the guys come up, they toss a line that might buy them a minute or two of somebody's time in a bar or ask some inane question meant to gauge interest. She's polite, but she's just there to hit the elliptical machine and maybe work on he arms a little. She's got a boyfriend. They're in love, live together and are one of those cool couples who don't overdo it on the cute stuff that makes me want to climb from a great height then plummet headfirst.
Appearance Items – A matter of taste I suppose. Not sure I need a giant mushroom hat or a cosmetic pet. But I did buy the bunny hat.
for 40'. Or 'hot for your age'. You can never again just be a hot chick.
This is such a fresh, original story idea—I love it! What might readers be surprised to learn about the plot or characters of STRANGE PACKAGING?
Roll Date: Fall 2008
The Challenge tomorrow on Take a Word is Numbers. I'm not a great numbers person I must admit. I think with the other half of my brain. There's not much left of that half either! LOL!
The choice is yours, although I am more drawn to the left pair both shoes are pretty much the same thing, and the right pair are a lot less heavy on your purse strings.
I can no longer say it's been five years since I've had a date. phew
Sirtis
About one cup of zucchini, about one half an onion, together strained through a bit of cheesecloth. About one cup of grated Parmesan cheese (another leftover), and a palmful of flour. Also salt and pepper, but you can't really see those.
Laduree
So I say we pray for this young woman to serve the sentence she is given but also that we pray for restoration and forgiveness in her life. Pray that if she is not saved that the Holy Spirit will bring her into the fold. Pray for her family and pray for the family of the offended party, particularly the young boy. Let God serve justice and let the light of Christ shine out in you. Pray for me and for each other. Lift up God in praise and worship to a level you have never done before. None of us deserve His love or mercy. We all deserve to rot in Hell, but praise God for His undying love and mercy.
For some festive fun, the Hilton Arc de Triomphe has installed a Tattinger sponsored ephemeral champagne bar in their courtyard. From 1 December to 15 January guests can enjoy swank sipping inside a snow globe.
that you don't need the outer conditions to change in
Odd name for the first post on a new blog, isn’t it? After all, I’m typing these words on yet another electronic device, right? Sending them out into a mysterious, virtual reality created by the technology of our day…
1 teaspoon fresh thyme
It's Thanksgiving week and so I am of course like many of you, reflecting on my blessings. I am grateful for the obvious and most important: a loving God, good health, a warm home, good family/friends, and security. But I am especially grateful for time.
As soon as people knew my daughter was expecting, I was bombarded with advice from my well meaning friends—even those who weren’t yet grandparents. “The best way to avoid getting on the nerves of your daughter and son-in-law is to not say anything. Ever.” Or “You’d better pick your nickname or you’ll be stuck with something hideous, like MooMoo Cow.”
There is no modern slavery
I think the gay men of the London media set (and their equivalents like Dan Savage and Andrew Sullivan in America) are feeling very insecure at the moment, bless them. Because the fact is people don't care as much as they used to about who has sex with whom, and how. We actually live in quite open-minded times, and this is not very good for gay men's sense of being special and specially oppressed. I love the word queer too but that is too subversive for many. And Suzanne Moore actually wrote to me once saying that 'queer bollox' (sic) belonged in the 90s where it came from.
“Keep your hands off me!” screamed Olivia. With that, Olivia picked up her orange juice and threw it in Andy’s face.
I love this Insurgent cover as it's just so incredibly close to the US Divergent cover and I love that! I love how it has the Amity symbol on it and when I saw it, it definitely got me thinking well Amity must be important to the book right? What's going to happen?
So I’ve thought about that many times. I’m in the Big Thicket and these things show up and they come after me—what do I do? Do I take out my shotgun and shoot them? Well, then we’re not gonna—there won’t be any contact. And I think that may be what’s happening with these attacks, with these things showing up. I’ve got several stories, some of them right on Bragg Road itself, where they would show up.
take the beets out of the foil, leave to cool a bit so you can handle them, then slide them right out of their skins. cut the beets in bite-sized pieces and put them into a bowl.
For most of the pregnancy, I had been obsessed with this date, I knew something would happen on the 7th. In the week leading up to it I started to have practice contractions and felt a sense of excitement looming in the near distance. I vigorously cleaned the apartment over and over, I cooked enough vegetable curry to feed an army and spent hours rolling back and forth on my newly purchased birthing ball telling the baby to turn his fat butt over while watching shitty American TV shows and ignoring the fact I could barely move from the pelvic pain. He was near......and so, as my eyes popped open on the 7th, I knew immediately that I was in early labor. The contractions were still mild enough to do housework throughout but I sensed a pattern starting. I skyped with NY friends and family all day and each time a contraction came, I laughed through it with a giddy feeling of FINALLY this show was on the road. FB and I watched movies all night and as the contractions got stronger throughout the night, I tried to get some sleep as I knew it would be tomorrow. He's coming tomorrow. BRING FORTH THE SPAAAAAAAAAWN!! (CHOOCHOO! lightning bolts)
People’s Brewing - Hopkilla, West Lafayette
Of course it is nothing near as good as GWTW but nothing will ever beat that anyway.
And there's more! Sharon, who I first became acquainted with through her incredible blog, asked us if we wanted to join her and her husband Jeff for lunch and a visit to a local flower and garden shop that she had been meaning to visit.
In the morning we all got dressed, took a peek at the Christmas magic, ate breakfast, and headed off to sacrament meeting.
Associated Press writer Justin Juozapavicius contributed to this report.
My whole house smells WONDERFUL! We had a REALLY nice day for an Ohio winter today. 63 degrees and some sunshine!! What a rare treat!
Price: 5/5 – $1 per person
Columbus Day
Suddenly, I was inspired by a new family and friends rule. I threw it out to the girls and we all agreed it was an awesome rule:
If you focus and work hard at the task at hand, it seems to fall into place. Focus and work hard at cleaning and organizing the house. Focus and work hard when it is time to fix meals. When family, friends, neighbors and loved ones need you, focus and give them quality time.
NOTE: A wise son maketh a glad father but a foolish man despiseth his mother
Plan B is this: I’ll go to a place of ill-repute (probably my grandkids will know some) and score a whole lot of hard drugs. Then I will go on a massive bender. Come to think of it, I’m kind of looking forward to my 90s….
As I read Enchanted, I felt giddy each time I noticed the sly little ways that Alethea would throw in her fairy tale references. Oftentimes you can tell when they are included “just for fun”, but at other times the references are an integral part of the overall story. Regardless, it’s fun to see how many references you can spot while reading.
Bob Stark returns to Denver after 18 years in SE Asia to discover that the mother he buried before he left is dead again. At her new funeral, he sees . . . himself. Is his other self a hoaxer, or is something more sinister going on?
Michelle and I always draw a lot of attention in public spaces.... I am pretty sure it's because we have 8 children between us.... Left to Right : Dexter, Miles, Eddie, Zoe, Alli, Allie, Geneva, Maggie.
What difference does it make whether you choose someone of the same or opposite sex for a spiritual companion?
For the one really weird guy, and you don’t need to turn around sir, it’s you, and the two, no wait, ninety-three lesbians still reading this tome, let’s go ahead and look at, and play with, the word naughty.
Urine therapy has been touted as a remedy for a long list of ailments, including multiple sclerosis, colitis, lupus, rheumatoid arthritis, cancer, hepatitis,hyperactivity, psoriasis, eczema, diabetes, herpes, mononucleosis, and adrenal failure. It is a commonly used treatment for snakebites and bee and jellyfish stings.
This home was built in 2005 on half acre private lot, fenced back yard in Fairfax County and within Top-Rated Robinson High School district.
‘Is the game too simple then?’
Ron Paul has helped many people see the man behind the curtain, and we see now that when the government offers to take care of us, it’s offering us slavery, not salvation. People today are a lot less likely to believe that state intervention is a good way to solve our problems. We are a lot more aware of the shortcomings of the Federal Reserve system, Fiat money, the problem of regulatory capture, the law of unintended consequences and so forth. And unlike the Soviet Union, people in America understand, at least in principle, the value of freedom, liberty, self determination, and self responsibility. As Americans, we have the narrative of the constitution to fall back on. But more importantly, the Church is still strong in America, which means that as other institutions fail, many of us will be looking to the Word of God and to our Pastors and Elders to make sense of it all, and plot a course forward.
But there I was, wanting to fight, like I used to, and not caring that we'd get thrown out, our night would end, and who knows, I might go to jail. And if you go to jail in New Orleans during Mardi Gras, they don't let you out until it's all over, so I could have sat in jail for three days because I wanted to punch some one out.
Shoes and bag: thrifted
Remove the sausage and shrimp into a bowl and set it aside.
In this post, I list the Vegetarian Sloppy Joe recipe, but it's very easy to turn it into traditional ground beef Sloppy Joes because the sauce is the same. All you need to do is add 1 lb ground beef to the pan with the vegetables through the garlic (you can eliminate the carrots if you'd like). When the beef is browned and the vegetables are tender, add everything else (skip the beans), and follow the same instructions.
Someone should do a survey on how much money they could save by ramping up their service and lassoing in those straying customers.
Health care expense per capita $3,528
We ache as we wait in hope.
* Pushing myself *just* a bit too hard to get into Oregon for night 2. I should have stopped at Boise.
So if this sounds familiar to you or you feel that you are missing balance somewhere in your life, I’d encourage you to break your life down in to 6 categories; Health, Relationships, Career, Finance, Time Management and Emotions. Now draw a circle and split the circle into six parts and score from 1-10 on how you feel in this area. 1 being unhappy or discontent and 10 being fulfilled and content and simply by looking at the results you’ll easily see where certain areas are lacking.
In the month of October here in the UK we celebrate"Harvest Festival"
Your employees are your most trusted brand ambassadors by potential clients. ~Hinge Marketing
Last day i woke up at 11 am(ya I know it’s quite late but we can discuss it later)Yes i woke up at 11 am,taking my bed tea in my Hand I switched on the T.v Button…..and when i was researching for some interesting news and all…… I find something unacceptable, disbelieve able …..there is a News Headlines… in fact Breaking News which breaks my heart in fact many heart….No,there is nothing like my Favourite Actor is getting married…… or my class mate got 1st position in World…..its is something much more harsh…
fact that you can just smell something and it'll take you
Ok, a while back we posted a blog telling you about our new sex toy. For £100 we were expecting mind blowing orgasmic sex….. how wrong we were….
But it has been one case worker mistake after another
7:40 am: 'forgot the FASTRACK for the Benicia Bridge, went back home to get it... yup, 2 minutes into our trip and we've already blown the ETA...
/opt/VRTSddlpr/lib/libvxddl.so
When completely and disastrously blocked with no useful direction and nothing is working, perhaps a list: First Ten Things I’d Do With Lottery Winnings, maybe. Or Things I Wish I Understood (that could take hours!).
That last line is one of Port’s more famous witticisms, mainly because it is one of the most publicized, as it got a lot of press after the 1990 team reached the College World Series. It is quintessential Port, to be sure.
Am working on getting some more candy together so watch this space!
This gravy will be mouth watering for those who love the combination of hot, sour, sweet and salt taste. This gravy is mainly prepared when there is a mass gathering like temple function or free Anna dhans. I think the reason behind is that a whole pumpkin will give lot of cut pieces needed for the crowd. Moreover pumpkin is reasonably cheaper than other vegetables. I don’t find any other reason. If anybody know any other reason can let me know.
one blue she wore
Since I can't work with Joan right now, and maybe never, this approach will have to do for the time being. But I digress.
You know who convinced me?
This post was written and brought to you by British sponsor, isme.com and its affiliate program, collect plus.
“snip”
Others I sometimes participate in are CPS, Card Patterns and Mojo Monday. But other than that, I don't really know where else to look for good inspiration for card making. I have a cricut and a new cuttlebug that needs to get used....so I ask you...which challenge blogs could you recommend for me?
Our march in London on 10th May will send a very powerful message to Government; as police officers we are outraged at the way we are being treated and we have real concerns about the negative impact the cuts will have on public safety.
Asymmetric HD – A beautiful DreamBoard theme with advanced features.
Welcome back to the last day of the A-Z Blog Challenge. This April has been the Letters of Gratitude. Some of you have stopped by every day. I owe you a badge! Others are new friends we have picked up along the way. Very excited to have all of you, both old and new friends.
Happy April.
And to everyone- thanks so much for joining in our challenges each week! Don't forget to join in the current challenge- Girly or Mother's Day!
Anyway here are couple more video-grabs from the movie, featuring Gina Varela managing to look both alluring and devilish, while HERE is a link to a video shot by the movie's director, Paul Campion, when he, Gina and one of the film's other stars, Matt Sunderland, attended the North American premiere in Montreal, as guests, and were taken aback - to say the least - by the size of the audience.
The Lord is risen indeed. Alleluia!
and go get a new notebook
“I have heard much of the nefarious, and dangerous plan, and doctrines of the Illuminati, but never saw the book until you were pleased to send it to me.”
“Well, she has to have her colon checked, and I need to have those Easter Island heads on my bunghole popped out or whatever, then we’re off on vacation.”
I'm inserting Arthur Christmas at the #4 slot on the list. It earns that spot because Charlie Brown's unabashed embrace of what Christmas truly is all about must remain at the top, and A Christmas Story is a movie where each scene outdoes the one before it, culminating in the most perfect ending to a Christmas movie ever. I would have put Arthur at #3, but the filmmakers made the horrific choice of including a Justin Bieber version of "Santa Claus is Coming to Town" which will make you want to kill yourself. That misstep means I'm keeping George C. Scott's exquisite version of A Christmas Carol in 3rd, and Arthur slips in just behind. All this, of course, knocks Elf off the list - but that's somewhat deserved, as the last 15 minutes of the Will Ferrell movie offer none of the charm or humor of the rest of the film, and quite frankly are kind of painful to sit through. So off with you, Buddy the Elf. And welcome, welcome, to Arthur Christmas.
They have six months of happiness.
I have passed the border between middle age now and being a senior citizen. While it physically didn’t hurt any more than my arthritis hurts on a normal day, the psychological barrier was painful and I still don’t think I have adjusted very well. I don’t feel like I am over 60 but I guess my body knows it, my skin probably looks like it, and now my driver’s license also confirms it. I’m still trying to maintain the illusion that I can do as much as I used to do but I think I am the only one holding onto that illusion. I am active, sort of, or trying to be, but where I used to be able to walk for hours, a couple of hours is about all I can handle now before the hips go “ENOUGH!” My Wii Fit Age varies on any given day from 45 to 67. Last week a lady on the street asked if my husband and I were brother and sister because she said we looked alike. My husband says no we are married but we have been together for a long time so we probably do look alike. Heavy sigh! His hair is much whiter and thinning than mine. At least I don’t have a Char Pei or a Pug dog that people will say looks like me.
Secure leaders are refreshing to those following, and their confidence makes followers feel secure in submitting to their leadership
I’ve read every epic from Homer to Hemmingway.
Rachel Morgan is the author of Guardian, the first novelette in the Creepy Hollow series. She was born in South Africa and spent a large portion of her childhood living in a fantasy land of her own making. These days, in between teaching mathematics to high school children, she writes fiction for young adults.
Immortals
desperately trying to kiss you
Time ticked my days away as the tears kept coming. I didn’t know what day it was or how much longer it was going to last.
it was all fun times spent with her… though way back home we were not able to spend as much time as we used to with her being a wife and mom and a career woman all at the same time, our times together are mostly planned and scheduled. but, whenever we talked it is as if we were never apart and we are again drawn into the similar familiarity of talking and confiding with each other, picking our clothes that will fit the other and sleeping side by side in a huge bed.
But the Best Use of This Pan came the next day....
Turtle Pug
Prospect.2 runs through January 29. The hours, generally, are Wed. - Sun., 11am - 4pm.
LABOUR: scone!
Steven Gregory Genovese, 37, Basking Ridge, N.J.
THE PUNK MEETS THE GODMOTHER: AN INTERVIEW WITH SYAMA MANJARI (LORA LOGIC).
Spanish officials are looking to the ECB to restart their bond purchase program this week as the big Spanish 10 year bond auction arrives. They are looking for the cavalry to come but the reality is that just as Greece has defaulted so will Spain. The time has come for duck and cover as nations will start to prepare for default. The ECB’s LTRO has only made the situation worse. They have only succeeded in putting more toxic sovereign debt into these banks.
of text, stamping, or the patterns on other tapes to show through it.
“White boys can’t roll.” Roland laughed at him.
To join, it’s £4.99 monthly, £9.99 quarterly, or £29.99 annually. Which in hindsight, is very good value for money!
This humble blogger hopes to one day become a true sub-creator and mythopoet in the same tradition that Tolkien began.
A killing sets off the worst riots in modern times, and it is seriously suggested by the authorities that people should be kept in the dark. It is a matter of overwhelming public interest that the truth should be ascertained so that the lessons can be learnt.
Time and effort both develop intimacy. If a man is spending time with you such as
With one-click and drag and drop utility, accessibility features that let you accomodate people with disabilities, and the ability to include photo galleries, video, interactive diagrams, 3D objects, and more, iBooks Author looks like a pretty cool app. But the devil is in the details--in this case, the End User License Agreement that users of the app agree to when they download the software.
extremely on make new one’s
i know that i have talents but am i really good enough? why do i feel these insecurities? why do they control my life? why do i let them? what’s the point. all they do and hold me back. they stop dead in my tracks. they make me doubt myself. although i am worried. i know i am good enough. i know it. i just need to believe it.
5. It Happened to Me
I am reminded of those who lost their lives on that fateful day
Biggest disappointment – still doesn’t make sense because he’s a great artist, and they’re great songs, but it’s CD 4: Making Mirrors by Gotye.
Team Fielding: .975
Nigel Alexander has everything a woman desires in a man. He's educated, wealthy, smart, and all so sexy. The only thing is, Nigel knows he's all that and he's not ready to settle down, no matter how persistent Isis, his long time bed bunny, is.
In the Maya Long Count calendar, each successive age in human evolution is 20 times briefer than the one immediately preceding. I have written more fully about this in Hologram of Time and Sacred Endings. In essence, we are now in the last ‘Underworld’ or world spiral of time which began in 1999 and will end in 2012. As at November 8th, 2009, we entered the Sixth Night of the Galactic Wave Movement – the eighth of the nine Mayan levels – predicted to bring about the most significant transformation of consciousness ever in the history of mankind. These are exciting times to be alive. The spiral is contagious.
On my first trip to the Animal Kingdom, I was completely amazed by the Tree of Life. For my young eyes, the tree was a bit overwhelming and difficult to absorb in its entirety. I was so distracted by the intricacy of the tree’s carvings that I failed to realize one of the tree’s secrets. As I later discovered, the tree houses an interactive show beneath its extensive root system. The base of the tree conceals a theater with a 3-D movie, “It’s Tough to Be a Bug.” The interior of the theater was designed to resemble a darkened cave, emphasizing the natural themes presented in the eight minute film. The presentation gives audiences a look at the animal kingdom from the ground up, through a bug’s eyes. Audience members receive 3-D, bug-eyed glasses, and they emerge from the dimmed room with new perspective on survival in our challenging world.
Here is the PDCC 116 Color swatch,
I was momentarily stumped… I’d never really been asked that before!
As for my parents? They moved in on Tuesday this week. Their swanky 94 m2, 3rd floor, designer appartment in the center of town with a view of the river/lake(s) being a little small for their select furniture and 65 moving boxes. I suppose they'll need to do more sorting before they can settle in completely. I had the pleasure of joining them after work on Tuesday to see the appartment, and help them with a bit of lifting. The movers had been there earlier that day, and so all they had to do was empty the boxes and put their furniture in their designated spots.
I am hoping for loads of great photos and the time to play catch up when I get home.
Well, the answer is that no theft of any sort has taken place.
Self: “Well, I don’t know about the rest of you, but I think the modern mania for getting writers up on stages and making us trot around like performing dogs, like the dogs in Riddley Walker, when he has the vision at Cambry and they rise up on their hind legs and dance around him, is often not a good thing, but I’m sure you’ll agree that this evening has been an exceptional and rare privilege to hear Russell talking.” (Sustained applause)
an end to de la Torre’s journey, and to his life. Herman Gohring, who hoped to find possible locations for gold-mines, was also part of de la Torre’s party but he managed to survive the attack and in 1877 published an account of the trip, Informe Supremo de Paucartambo, in which his 1874 map appeared. In this account he mentions “the forts of Chuquillusca, Torontoy and Picchu” in the region close to Ollantaytambo, the latter clearly referring to Machu Picchu.
Read it. Buy it for the space/science/science fiction nut in your life. Trust me.
Presented here in no particular order:
Yorkshire Forward is giving £31.5m to Barnsley, £13.5m to Wakefield and £3.5m to Halifax to revamp their towns.
Lasting power is quite good, my skin was more dewy by the end of an 8-10 hour day but it looked so smooth. The foundation feels quite runny and it also feels very light weight which helps it give a light-medium coverage. 1 full pump is also enough to cover my face without any being wasted.
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Surveillance for dental caries, dental sealants, tooth retention, edentulism, and enamel fluorosis— United States . 1988-94 and 1999-2002. In: Surveillance Summaries, August 26, 2005. MMWR 2005:54(NoSS-3).
After Loving this so much I decided to look up more ways to use powdered milk. I found out that you can also use it as a cleanser as well!!! And in your mask you can mix in Honey, Yogurt, Granola... I searched for some ones that sound amazing to try and listed them below. Try this tonight and let me know what you think!! And if you have any Home remedies yourself please submit to JenniferStano@gmail.com. I would LOVE to feature you and your home remedy on my blog!!!!!
The standard bearer for the New Nordic movement, Redzepi’s meticulous attention to detail and innovative approach has enabled Noma to maintain its position at the coveted top spot of the list, which is widely considered to be the highlight of the global dining calendar.
"I know you've got a sonic screwdriver, Doctor, and it really comes in handy with fighting aliens, but I prefer to use these." That's when she opens up her blouse and exposes her cleavage.
Enterprise Architecture is a must for any organization undergoing change, and change is a constant. To effectively align technology with the business drivers, this discipline is mandatory for all sizes. With technology options such as cloud, virtual desktops, analytics, mobility and collaboration, the CIO needs a framework to assess and roadmap the technology landscape, starting with any legacy and standalone systems. The pressure to enable new business models, with rapid consumerization, increasing use of smartphones and tablets, leads to enhanced data security concerns; all making for a complex landscape.
But he really hits stride in the chapter on hopped whiskeys. “If whiskey is distilled beer,” Bell asks, “why has an element so critical to the history of beer never been used?” Well, it has been used, just not widely; hopped whiskeys are still a surprise even to many whiskey drinkers. Bell embraces the bitter flower cones with abandon.
With the latest storm that moved in today, visibility was down to almost nil a couple of times through the night. Quite a few drivers cancelled tonight which left us with about a third of the fleet on the road. I was late getting started, but once I got my cab cleaned off and ready to go, thats exactly what I did...straight out all night long!
Work was always his answer to everything. When he faced a problem, he worked. When a crisis needed solving, he worked. When he thought he was going crazy because he could hear a ticking clock in his head that no one else seemed to hear, he worked. Nothing beat working when you had to ignore a ticking clock, he thought. Again. To himself.
There are linens called embroidery blanks designed specifically for embroidery—napkins, pillowcases, tea towels, and baby bibs. I buy my tea towels from Embroider This, and they have tons of other blanks for embroidering, too. I often recycle parts of linens that I've used for other projects—like if I've used the embroidered edge of a pillowcase for a pillow, I save the rest to cut up and use for other things. You can buy vintage towels at flea markets or on Ebay - the linen ones with stripes on the sides are particularly nice for embroidery.
Crown Point was noted for three things when I was growing up. One of the first road races in the Midwest was held at Crown Point on June 19, 1909. The race, a forerunner of the Indianapolis 500, was won by Louis Chevrolet. The Chevrolet automobile was later named in his honor.
In the spring, when ships sailed from land to land, Gunnlaug prayed King Ethelred for leave to sail somewhither; the king asks what he was about then. Gunnlaug said, “I would fulfil what I have given my word to do,” and sang this stave withal:—
You see that, Sarasota Film Festival? I haven't lived there for almost 23 years and they accepted two of my works the first time I submitted. I've lived here for almost 23 years and have been rejected every time I enter.
08. Fog 'N Fumes
Granted I only had the chance to look at one store but it’s one of those stores you would guess would have them. My outlook at finding them tonight looks bleak, especially with club track this evening that I really can’t miss. With the “second job” taking a momentary downswing I was hoping for a night to relax. I have a copy of Catching Fire on the bookshelf begging me to read it – no better night than tonight to start.
Faithful? Secularly.
Look how fab the decor is...
The White House today is proposing to pay for its new jobs bill entirely with tax increases.
Looking back, Russell observes several members of the crowd as they rise upward and transform into silvery misty tiny balls before they disappear. “Wonder who they’ll be, see, and what they’ll accomplish this time,” said Russell.
Me: Not joking.
If the price is zero, then press the green button that says Checkout (or if you want to keep shopping, click Continue Shopping for Ebooks). A new screen will appear with the title of the book you just purchased.
Kasey Crabtree has quickly become a very close and dear friend. You may remember the stellar guest post a few weeks back. She is a real radio professional currently on the air with WNCX Saturday mornings from 10am-2pm. She spins classic rock, but has been behind the mic for nearly 16 years. When she got my e-mail she called me later that night and we talked for a long time about what my vision was. She is ready to help, and I cannot wait to start the next season with her sitting across from me.
release of your funds, which has been delayed by this dubious officials,
Hurled through still heavens?
The memory championships involved a variety of tasks that are described in the book and each of them requires their own preparation. Joshua had what we would regard as a normal memory. He was willing to learn the mnemonic techniques that the experts employ and to bring them to the proficiency so that he would be a credible competitor at the U.S. Memory Championships.
This exercise now of determining whether or not Corona has this mind blowing dollar amount in his name is a matter of high concern for the Filipino people as they want to have full trust and confidence in the justice, probity, integrity, and impartiality, of the members of the Supreme Court.
I realized that would be the last memory you would have of us for a very long time. Somehow, even then, I managed to smile for you.
For decades, Jermyn Street has been the place to find a perfectly tailored shirt in London. More than just a place to shop, shirtmakers with a Jermyn Street address are considered to have reached the pinnacle of their craft. It is no surprise then that Jermyn Street has outfitted such iconic Brits as Winston Churchill and James Bond. With this illustrious legacy, one would think that the shirtmakers would charge prices so exorbitant that only gentlemen with checking accounts to rival those of Mssrs. Churchill and Bond would be able to afford them. Not so! Buying shirts from Jermyn St. is both more affordable and of an astronomically higher quality than buying shirts from “typical” stores in the mall, and no plane ticket across the pond is required. The power of the Internet has brought Jermyn St. to us!
With water praying and call of seagull and rook
I'm often astounded by the confusion of knowledge that people display in public as the gospel truth. It either shows a genuine ignorance with noble intentions, or a conscious attempt at trying to fool us, with interesting consequences. I seriously don't know which one it is. The most recent example is today's column in Die Beeld, by Charl-Pierre Naudé on Postcolonial Studies.
So now 45 years later and the Great White Male in the GOP is all a-twitter because a man of mixed race is sitting in the White House. Well Bubba, it yer own damn fault. None of this would of happened if you hadn't been so uptight about lettin' us all see a naked woman once in a while. Not to mention that artificial standard of beauty that messed up poor brother Eldridge and made half the women in America anorexic or bulimic. Now have the good grace to shut up and live in the world you helped make.
Crime Busters is a skills-oriented chemistry event in Science Olympiad. Students are given a scenario and evidence collected at the scene of the (non-violent) crime. They analyze the clues in order to solve the crime. You can see a good description of the event at Crime Busters on SciOly, a student wiki for Science Olympiad for exchanging tips and resources. Note that gypsum is plaster of Paris and calcium carbonate is chalk.
The circle, just over 3.19 inches in diameter, was followed by a list of relatively mundane items. Upon reading the text on the page, I realized that my relative indifference to the page in the first place represented something quite a bit larger.
Demographic
David Soul is a regular drinker in this establishment, but please don't turn up and expect to see him casually propping against the bar, because in all my time DJ'ing there I've never seen him once. This is a let-down, a bit like when I was a small child and would always demand to go to McDonalds in the hope that Ronald McDonald would be in attendance, but he never was. You can't have everything in life though, can you? No.
Two years after the “Black Wall Street” in Tulsa, Oklahoma was burned to the ground, the prospering Black community in Rosewood, Florida was also burned to the ground.
A flicker of distaste passed over Doyle’s face and Grayson saw it, but Doyle didn’t comment.
Crystal Mangum showed up for an April 4 meeting with the special prosecutors significantly impaired, and admitted that before the meeting, she had taken Ambien, methadone, Paxil and amitriptyline. The report concluded that her behavior at that meeting was very similar to the behavior she exhibited on the night of the party.
Row 6: Knit
The Ju 390 was the modified version of the Ju 290 airframe with extensions fitted into the wings to elongate them and accommodate the added power plants, 6 of them. The base fuselage was also elongated in the new design.
The children of this people
In large mixing bowl, beat butter on high speed until fluffy. Add three cups of sugar, one at a time until combined. Add vanilla extract and milk, along with last cup of sugar. Beat until smooth. Add more milk, one teaspoon at a time, to reach desired consistency of frosting.
I am happy: more far more often than I am sad.
I'm going to finish up the post here.
Today I'm trying to relax a little on our first cooler day in a long time, as Miss Four starts school tomorrow! So with another super hot week predicted and the challenges of the first week of school, this is bound to be one for the record books.
"In this rush to indict, to cut off an investigation"--don't know what role chain of command had, and how chain of command interacted with Nifong.
Here is Carriage House Samplings Merry Christmas Before-
3) Recruit your campaign team.
Another series that I never watched in my youth was the Child's Play franchise. Even when I was at the age where I was allowed to hire out horror, Child's Play was never permitted. I don't think it's because my folk thought it would be extra scary, I just think they had no intention of ever sitting through it themselves! But now, thanks to some suggestions from a friend of mine, I have seen all of the Child's Plays and Seed of Chucky. The only one I haven't seen is Bride of Chucky.
I have been adding my name to your 'Follow by Email' inserts on your blogs.
Vanilla essence- 1/2 tsp
I had never heard of Herkimer diamonds before I was introduced to Crystal Head. What special properties do they contribute to the vodka?
Happy New Year everyone! I just love New Year's Day and not because of football. I just love the fact that I have a whole new year to do things. It's truly a renewal time for me. I start my new calendar(s), new "To Do" lists, & clear away all the remnants of Christmas. That's taken a bit longer this time due to being sick, but even that's almost finished. For those who have followed me for a couple of months, you know I'm kind of freakily organized, but organization is one of my passions. I love the act of organizing things and then enjoying the outcome. When I discovered A Bowl Full of Lemons, I was thrilled. As organized as I am, I always strive to be better and Toni is ready to kick some serious "clutter butt" with this challenge. Day 1 (this is a 21 day challenge) is all about tackling the junk drawer. Usually this is in the kitchen, but it can be wherever clutter seems to overwhelm drawer space.
The old black whippet that went by the name of Black Pudding closed his eyes and then sniffed the air....before making a dramatic pause.
Some would tell her to fight back against Peter and his friends. Maybe they would advise her to tell a teacher about the abuse. They are certain that the teacher should and can stop whatever is going on. But until it all gets sorted out, she should keep going to the abusive environment (school) every day.
Week five: Stress
As Jin Oh drops Hae Ra off by her office, she pauses before getting out of the car. Although, she doesn’t explicitly asks for it, she’s tells him that she’s waiting for him to say it. He says he loves her. Sure, if you say that enough times will you really believe it? She happily walks into the building. Jin Oh’s about to pull away when he sees Mi Roo walking up. He greets her but she tells him they don’t have to acknowledge each other. From afar, a jealous Hae Ra watches the exchange.
My reason for picking up this book had nothing to do with the miracle I assumed it promised, maybe a little to do with the fact that I used that term before, so it seemed familiar, but a lot to do with people on Twitter and other social media sites raving on about how this book changed their lives, literally overnight. I wanted to read it for this ‘power’ it had; at first I was a little skeptical, what if it changed me? Like literally overnight? Would I be ready for that, but curiosity got the better of me and there I was flipping through the pages.
Let’s see…my impressions of the contestants so far… I think Avery is quite nice, but he seems rather distant and hesitant. I don’t think he wants to be here. In fact, I may be inexperienced, but I am fairly certain he has his eyes set on Harper…and she reciprocates those feelings. Yuri is incredibly charming, and we are getting along very well. Cameron is a bit shy, but he seems pretty intelligent…and he has an interest in nature. Pat seems like a fun guy…but easily distracted. Kitty and Harper are both very nice. Matt has a cool and collected vibe about him that I appreciate.
website and blog.
I look forward to your ideas,practical or funny.!!
The BSYO is an integral part of their community, performing at regular events such as Seniors Week, Youth Week, festivals such as Viva La Gong and the Illawarra Folk Festival, and numerous charity concerts. The orchestra also regularly performs for other regional musical societies, such as Berry, Gerringong and the Illawarra Choral Society, performs in joint concerts with other orchestras, choirs, and bands, as well as collaborates for workshops and concerts with recognised national organisations such as the Australian Youth Orchestra, the Australian Chamber Orchestra, the Sydney Symphony and the Australian String Teacher’s Association.
inappropriately bright colors
and solve the everyday problem
In any case, I am so excitied about what all my favorite bloggers are doing TODAY and thought I would post a FREEBIE as well. So, if you happen to sail by on May 6, you can grab a FREEBIE from me as well.
I reserve the right subsequently to elaborate on the above propositions.
Ikuisuus is A Finnish label releasing mostly experimental, psychedelic and ambient music on CD, CDR, CS and LP.
When I first move overseas, I always look for a grocery store where I can find Japanese groceries. When we lived in Virginia, I used to go to a Korean supermarket to find Japanese groceries, but here there are Japanese grocery stores. I got very excited! Cosmo is one of the three Japanese grocery stores I’ve been to and I like this one the best. I do partly because it’s conveniently located to my place, which makes a huge difference as the traffic in this city can be a huge pain!
Regular Beers: Indiana Amber, Razz-Wheat (fruit beer), Gnaw Bone (pale ale), Alabaster (Belgian witbier), Snake Pit (porter), Superfly (IPA)
It's almost time to ring in a new year!! And with that comes a sale!
Nutrition Information: Amount per Serving Serving Size: 1 cookie, Total Calories: 80
New Belgium Brewing Inc. Blue Paddle Pilsner
We started out talking about what types of goals to set. You can set goals concerning any area of your life: relationships, business, personal, health, education. The list could go on and on. Find the area of your life that you would like to work on and define what your goals are.
I'm still working on hubby to get started on my idea for a new wood craft. I may have to get out the whip... lol. Don't worry, I won't be too rough on him and besides, he knows you gals won't let that happen.
Polish.
Observation: I don’t know how many times I have read this part of the Gospel and just glossed over the fact that Jesus is modeling for us how to act in the will of the Father. We know that Jesus is God, so the fact that he could or couldn’t do anything on his own is debatable. However, if we are truly trying to do the will of the Father because he is the one who sent us, why do we always try to do things on our own? I guess I should just be speaking for myself, but phrases like, “God helps those, who help themselves” and other such rubbish come to mind. The truth is, God will only be able to help me grow spiritually closer to Him, if I stop helping myself to whatever pleasure or fleshly desire I want.
P.S. Doesn't Zeke have a handsome grandpa? :)
Big Hugz and Much Love
So, for the first Photo-Synthesis blog candy winner.... Please give Congrats to:
After a month, our club was transformed! The board games that were on the shelf collecting dust were now being used. Our largest, all – purpose room that was once nearly empty was the most popular room as children gathered to play with dolls and create their own clubs and read books! We didn’t pre-test and post test their intelligence, and we have no statistics to show that kids are more creative or friendly to one another.
Easy is the instant solution - do this and you get that - the magic bullet - that isn't always so magical.
2. To assemble the S'more Macarons, scoop about a teaspoon of marshmallow fluff onto one macaron shell. On a second shell, spread the chocolate mixture. Sandwich the two halves together, then repeat with the remaining shells. Refrigerate the macarons for at least 30 minutes to set them before serving. Leftover macarons can be stored in an airtight container in the fridge.
Overall the final version of the national planning policy framework has been welcomed favorably by most parties. With a condensed document, there are going to be areas that need to be revised and expanded upon. Its implementation will rely heavily on local authorities. Sustainability has been a feature of the planning focus for many years, only now is it being focused on as a primary objective. My concern is that economic factors are also considered by our local authorities, after all employment figures also count towards a sustainable future for us all.
Joshua Graham grew up in Brooklyn, NY where he lived for the better part of 30 years. He holds a Bachelor and Master’s Degree and went on to earn his doctorate from Johns Hopkins University. During his time in Maryland, he taught as a professor at Shepherd College (WV), Western Maryland College, and Columbia Union College (MD).
There was approximately a billion dollars associated with the sale of MTA real estate assets to support that program. There are some monies there that look like there may be challenges to proceed upon right now. There is money there--100 million dollars associated with the sale of Atlantic Yards, and I think many of you have read in the newspapers some of the difficulty Forest City is having with that development, so hopefully that will proceed, but we want to make sure that that happens—but we’re concerned about that.
When you rotate the focusing ring (even when you use the auto focus) you are just regulating the distance between the lens elements and the sensor, a subject appear sharp only when this distance is correct... READ MORE
Oh - I lied it appears... I did print off ONE (my first one btw) Me to You sheet I'd designed for an A4 card. Very simple design for a first birthday card.
like a piston in my head
Last night I went to a local Wine and Design studio with some of my besties. We purchased a Living Social Deal for it a looong time ago and finally got around to using it!
We shared this last night at our family connect group, I pray you can also be blessed with this summary of the message shared…
Anyway, I want one.
Paolo Vergano of FratiniVergano European Laywers in Brussels gave a Practitioner's Perspective on Specific Non-Trade Concerns in the Areas of Food Safety and Consumer Protection: A Comparative Analysis of WTO Notifications.
Catherine Lutz argues militarization is connected to “militant nationalisms and fundamentalisms... to the less visible deformation of human potentials into the hierarchies of race, class, gender, and sexuality, and to the shaping of national histories in ways that glorify and legitimate military action” (Lutz 2002:723). Ndé memory and Oral Tradition today narrate
As for the beauty and the girls? Yes, the Yangzhou people tell us, Yangzhou is the city of beautiful girls, which may well be the case. Being decorative, entertaining, exciting and soothing to the male spirit were the vocations to which many girls, from high birth to low birth, were trained. A little more from the Notes then:
Studio Mix19: Glorious Vision
When I admire, marvel, enjoy and respect what God has made, I worship the Creator of these things, not the things themselves. I don’t litter because it’s irresponsible and ugly. I don’t believe in dumping chemicals into streams, because God created the streams for fish and living things–besides, I’ve been known to eat some of the fish that came out of those waters! “He sends forth springs in the valleys; they flow between the mountains; they give drink to every beast of the field; the wild donkeys quench their thirst; beside them the birds of the heavens dwell; they lift up their voices among the branches. He waters the mountains from His upper chambers; the earth is satisfied with the fruit of His works.” Psalm 104: 10-13. Having clean air and water is imperative to present and future generations–that is if there are future generations–millions have not been allowed to live both in and out of the womb. I keep hearing how we are to “save the earth for future generations” –but of course, only the ones that deserve the privilidge of being born.
Buckskins ($5-15) - classic frontier outfit for year-round wear, protective and fashionable yet allowing superior mobility. Usually fringed for quicker drying. Elaborate beadwork will increase the price.
Next, I colored my basic flat colors. I started with RV52 for my base pinks, YG05 for the leaves, N7 for the black beak, and E13 with E44 spotted on for the ground.
In previous years, where Greece had a high growth rate (3% - 5% per year) and there were jobs , everyone was happy.
Saranac
There is certainly nothing “unspiritual” about planning. But, it is very possible to do “unspiritual” planning. In other words, it is very possible to plan purely from human wisdom and experience and gifting and leave God out of the process.
39. Scotland has about the same land area as the Czech Republic, the United Arab Emirates, Panama, the US state of Maine, or the Japanese island of Hokkaido.
This is Olympus Corp.'s infamous"4th & Long", Hail Mary attempt at ummm ... errrr .....well it was so long we are not really sure. But we are sure they didn't want anyone to know about -especially their investors, the Tokyo Stock Exchange, and their nosey Limey boss who the board all greatly regret appointing no matter how much money their camera business is bleeding. Of course they should have punted, instead of fumbling in their own end-zone, getting hammered and having the whole team ejected simultaneously for personal fouls. It is one straight from Joe Paterno's playbook....
This is not to say that all Ns make great leaders. In fact, the shortcomings of Ns can cause folks to lose faith in the vision very quickly. Under an underdeveloped N leader, a team can dissolve pretty easily.
Notice how the BBC uses the word “facts” in relation to Christian prejudice and discrimination, but replaced it with “arguments” with regard to Islam.
The first batch of cookies I made were supposed to be Cranberry Nut Pinwheels. The dough was too sticky and hard to work with, but I thought it would be better after it chilled. It was, but only slightly. My cookies expanded very little, and never became larger than a half dollar. And the cranberry nut filling just kind of melted into the dough. They ended up looking like this:
Home ownership isn’t for everyone. It’s definitely a long-term commitment. The prices of homes increase over the years, but usually at a slow rate. With all the financing, closing costs and other expenses associated with owning a home, you’ll probably lose money if you sell in less than five years.
First let us look at Judges 9:22-25 (NASB):
Metallica Sad but true US
Kiitos Johanna!
As has been reported, the state Department of Environmental Conservation is currently investigating whether to classify the property on the Queens-Brooklyn border, which contains three basins, as wetlands. Doing so would complicate the Parks Department’s proposed plans for the site, which range from keeping it entirely natural to building ball fields in one of the basins.
Syncretism (note, not eclecticism–they’re not the same!) often occurs when religions come into contact with one another, particularly during periods of increased intercultural communication. This session will examine the historical cultus of several “super-syncretistic” deities (including Serapis, Isis, Hekate, Mithras, Sabazios, and Antinous), as well as the general theology of polytheistic syncretism, drawing on Edward Butler’s model of “polycentric polytheism,” as well as other concepts.
so I figured I had to give it a go.
I heard this week of another unfairness, an amputee was refused a blue-badge enabling her to park in a disabled parking bay, whilst scores of newcomers literally jump over the indigenous obtaining our assets, my great, great, friend and one-time nationalist, a man who has paid and paid again into the system cannot claim disabled living allowance, this when he is in great pain and he cannot walk far and till he is better, work is out of the question. Yet denied he is and so he must flounder in great poverty whilst seemingly all around seize that which workers such as him have put into the pot, he has no interest in nationalism now, he believes the battle lost and the disparate parties laughable ,he sees the rise of the other upon the street and the abject and unremitting lack of contestation and indeed he sees the poverty of the people and the expanding wealth of the rich and he hates it, for him people friendly socialism has a little place although he recognises that the group is lost.
I thought that they were both creative and fun suggestions to a problem we all face in the slow, transitional bits of our writing. It got me thinking: Wouldn't it be fun to have a topic that you went to in those situations? A topic that you pull out of your bag of tricks to make your characters get their butts moving? My current project is a MG fantasy, so I don't think a shower would be quite appropriate for them. Disneyland might be good, but I think I'd like to come up with something completely different.
He said, ‘let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, neither with the leaven of malice and wickedness; but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth’.
Imagine you are driving your car and stop because the light just turned red. Imagine that before it turns green you go blind. Imagine that this doesn’t only happen to you but it starts happening to everybody around you. This is the story of Blindness, one of Saramago’s most popular novels.
God would not waste His time on us if we were dying, would He?
When I find a product to be excellent, I tend to remain loyal. I may try others, but I return to the one which continues to prove it’s excellence year after year. Despite more costly products I’ve tried as samples, Cetaphil Gentle Skin Cleanser has been my cleanser of choice for many years. I’ve tried a generic brand from CVS and found it to be much more slimy and thick than the real thing and gave it away to a less scrutinizing customer.
The Fitness Retreat Team
More a preview of a piece I’m preparing on my single-speed experiences. Shortly before going on holiday recently I changed the rear sprocket on my bike to give me a lower ratio as my destination was quite hilly. After packing the car there wasn’t room for the bike so I left it behind, but I had been riding it to and from work with the lower gear and I’ve continued to do so until tonight when, after a ride home with a tail wind and having pedaled like a hamster in a wheel, I decided enough was enough and stuck original higher ratio cog back on.
The purple tank peeking out is also new. It still had the tags on it - it was $15.
I’ve been reading, a pile of knowledge
Best moment this week: Buying a NEW MATTRESS and GETTING IT TODAY!!! I am so pumped for the most incredible night's sleep tonight!!
The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for individual advice regarding your own situation. Please do not send any confidential information to the Oregon Justice Resource Center until you have received written acceptance from the Oregon Justice Resource Center of any legal services of any legal services you may request. Please do not reveal, discuss, or post any information about your case or legal problems in the comments section or any where else on this blog. Any communication with the Oregon Justice Resource Center through this blog does not create an attorney client relationship and your communications are not protected.
have a dialogue to try to solve all our problems and to normalize
The other remake that made the news was the casting Chloe Moretz to play the lead in of a remake/re-imagining of the Stephen King story Carrie. I’m not very enthusiastic about this one because I don’t see there being any more to the story than what we got in Brain de Palma’s original version. Maybe it will be closer to the book but even if that’s so it would not mean that the film will be any better so I will just wait and see the film when its finished
*The Riot Squad signals the truck driver to dump the load.*
Who were the Hebrews descended from?
It was a beautiful, sunny morning with little wind. Beautiful running weather. My marathon went pretty well for the first 20 miles. I hit 20 miles at 2:57. Not fast, but not terrible either. I'd been having twinges of cramps but was able to keep running through them. After 20, things went downhill. By 21 miles, I was cramping regularly. By 22 I was doing a fair amount of walking and a lot of stopping to try to massage out my leg cramps, predominantly in my adductors and hamstrings. They were relentless. I'd never had to stop so many times. I walked most of the last 3 miles. Mile 25 was 16:51 and mile 26 was 19:21. OUCH. Literally. I was moaning and crying even. The adductor cramps are so incredibly painful. Many people stopped to see if I was OK, or needed transport to the finish. Beth Wengler came by several times on her bike to give me water. A stranger gave me his water bottle. Then another stranger gave me water from a bottle they were carrying. I had no idea who'd drank from these bottles but I didn't care. I was really warm, had stopped sweating, had salt stains all over my clothes and was dearly wishing I'd had my electrolytes. Kate Adams came by in the last mile and had a bag of coarse salt which she shared with me. (Salt tasted great.) Twice, when I was unable to move either leg due to several muscles in each leg spasming, I didn't think I'd finish. The second time I was less than 1/4 mile from the finish. Right after I finished, they handed me water and my muscles were spasming so bad that they eventually put me in a wheelchair. They wanted me to lay down, but I know from experience what happens then. I can't get up. So I downed two bottles of water and a cup of broth and kept walking around until the cramps released. I had a few in the car on the south side of the cities, but for the most part after I stopped running they quit. Anyway, I'm very embarrassed at my finish time. My marathon times are getting slower and slower and slower. So discouraging. I'm proud that I finished, but embarrassed at my time. How do I feel today? Pretty good actually. But the muscles that cramped are pretty tender as they usually are after such an episode. The adductors (inside/medial side of upper leg) are the worst. Number 26 in the books. I hope I can pop a decent one in the not too distant future.
Here’s a picture of my awesome new boot (the red part is the arch support):
Sons Of Adam- Moxie EP (7” 1981)
Mix the first 4 ingredients for the frosting in a small bowl with a mixer (hand or kitchenaid). Slowly add powdered sugar, till frosting is your desired consistency. Once the cakes have completely cooled, frost the two cakes & Devour.
"I suppose that's right," the girl smiled at him and held on to his hand, "I'd just never really thought of it like that."
I can enjoy preposterous and unlikely names as long as they aren't overly burdened with meaning. To take one of Vonnegut's recurring characters, how can one not like "Kilgore Trout"? Dickens was especially delightful and prolific in this regard, although some of his wonderful surnames are so marvelous as to be distracting. (Honeythunder? Pumblechook?)
Bogart by now has perfected this hard cynical persona him against the world and he’s only here for what he can get.
I wonder if we are re-entering an age of ghosts and spectres. Human history has rarely been without its supernatural element. At times, that belief in God has been palpable, and found physical form in the nature of churches, books, and - as counterpoint - the murder of non-believers and sending them to an equally physically imagined Hell. In the 20th century a different kind of paranoid supernature seemed to emerge. Regimes of Hitler, Stalin, Pol Pot and others - (and though less murderous, McCarthyism in the USA, the deference to the British monarchy, Stasi-led East Germany) - had their own supernatural apparatus, even if the bogeymen here were very human. Perhaps our stories of ghosts and spectres are exactly this, a way that we dehumanise what some of our fellow citizens have done undertaken. One of my favourite paintings is Caravaggio's of the taking of Christ by the Roman soldiers in Gethsemene.
4. Follow The Tune 03:28
SB: All right. Thank you, Lord. Just before we are overtaken by the music, is it true to think that there is an evolutionary spiral and humans become angels in the normal course of affairs?
Session Beer
CARROT GNOCCHI
orna
from worrying 'bout this wasted time
The trail became difficult to follow. Only a few inches fell, but it drifted waist deep in some places, completely covering cairns and the rocks along the side of the trail. Boyfriend didn't want to walk on the delicate tundra, so he kept plowing through the snow to make a path in the correct place. Walking took a lot of work.
When Jack was 6 he went to his friend Michael's birthday party. It was a "fishing" party where the kids pretended to fish in a baby pool and were each given a goldfish in a baggie to take home.
“Really, Bertie, you could at least make an effort,” Reginald sighed. “I know we may not survive this, but there is no excuse for failing to wash oneself after a meal. A gentleman would not die with his fur sticky and his paws covered in gore.”
Silence, then, gives rise to even more active communication, requiring sensitivity and a capacity to listen that often makes manifest the true measure and nature of the relationships involved.
In recognition of this Chinese New Year, Spring Festival, I thought I might highlight three of my favorite books related to China.
The White Guardian set the Doctor and Romana on a quest to find the six segments of the Key to Time, transmuted into a variety of forms and scattered across time and space. He warned them of the Black Guardian who would try to prevent the assembly of the Key.
and carry it outside, with careful had,
The above quote is my post for Saturday April 21st because I think I was annoying yesterday when I was manic posting. I told you I have no one to talk to in real life anymore. Well, no one local. And long distance works sometimes. Just.
But unfiltered water in the region could have risks. Residents exposed to trichloroethylene have a low increase in risk of cancer and birth defects, according to the health department.
It seems like I just celebrated your arrival yesterday, but so much has taken place since then. I have to say that you've been a year of self-discovery, changes and progressions. I hope its not to soon to day it, but 2010, I think you have been my best year to date!
It’s been one month since it was all taken from me
Land Area : Approximately 1.4 H.A.
“Greetings,” said the pepper haired man at the desk as the two walked in. He raised an eyebrow and tipped his glasses forward when he looked at Hornmel, who looked very much like the lowest sort of vagabond. But since he was with Hermel, the man said nothing about it. He just smiled and asked if there was anything he could do to help.
Friday, December 10: Take a Peek:
Their five kids.
The whole trip was tons of fun. Lots of cool ass stuff happened. And lots of dumb ass stuff happened as well.
But today I am here with a card for this weeks challenge...Susan challenged us to use any Cat's stamp that is Easter themed and the cloud border, grass or Easter basket cutups dies
I’ll dilute the muddy thoughts of truth while you kiss me
Mom: I know. I am just enjoying you being little.
6) I am going to climb Half Dome again fall or spring I am due for another trip up.
27. Shirts get dirty. Underwear gets dirty. Pants? Pants never get dirty, and you can wear them forever.
This looks promising, better than the RV parks last trip to North Carolina.....We have many friends to see and many places of interest....as usual I am never as ready as I should be....so it will not be a very early AM start tomorrow...there are some things yet to go in the motor home, like my 3 bottles of wine. That is an essential for me. I ponder after a day of hustling and loading if I will ever just leave without taking so much along and preparing. Throw caution to the winds and shop for what I want...but I am conservative with the $$ and hate to buy what I have at the house and could take along, so I doubt it. Besides, after all, I am Rose's grand daughter and I remember our train trips from PA to Milwaukie,WI; a basket of food with us. Shopping is easy, but Jerry likes to hit the road and go....and since I never know for sure what munchies I'll want, I go well prepared. Just so we don't take all that food for a ride....loading and unloading it, not a good thing. The RV travelin" bears, Blondie, Cinnamon and Louie are ready to go, they have permanent residence in the motor home:
3. Red onions, medium-size, 3.
Of all that you stole from you, and me
I have never experienced such a bad internet service, whenever I lived in France, in the UK or in Brazil.
You can't go wrong at the Austin Music Hall starting with Black Joe Lewis, Raphael Saadiq, Smokey Robinson, and Sharon Jones.
This is a fast, flat 5k course on the Boston waterfront, which is followed by a fabulous celebration of food, drink and music to kick off summer!
I think they call that, talking out of both sides of your mouth.
Occupy Grandma's house.
Author Christine Nolfi is with us today to talk about her road to publication and her decision to self-publish. Her newest book, The Tree of Everlasting Knowledge, is available now. Please let’s give her a warm welcome.
Once we arrived at the station, we found a convention centre, the Excel. “i, do you know where the Aloft Hotel is?” “Just walk to the end of the convention centre and it is right there”
I'll close this Candy at 8pm GMT on Wednesday 20 October and will randomly draw a winner. So, what are you waiting for? It could be you...
Lucifer’s Friend went on to make a few more albums but changed their style quite a bit from the debut, which is where Night Sun comes in. Another German band with a high pitched screamer and pounding organist, this sounds like it should have been the second album from Lucifer’s Friend. Their debut album Mournin’ from 1972 has been described as Lucifer’s Cousin or Lucifer’s Friend That Came With The Other Guy.
My particular balls to keep in the air are: my legal job, the children, the housework and my book writing.
Beat together brown butter and sugars with an electric mixer until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in vanilla. At low speed, mix in flour mixture until just incorporated.
Bilbao is the economic capital (the real one is Vittoria, this was just pointed out to me) of Pais Vasco (or Basque Country) which is a region of Spain I’ve wanted to visit for a long time. It’s a place that speaks the supposed oldest language in Europe and has no relationship to any other language in the world. It’s completely unique and that makes the people there very proud. Up until just recently, there was a separatist, nationalistic, terrorist organization called ETA which basically controlled the entire region (maybe sort of like the Mafia in southern Italy.) Now, you can see Basque flags flying in every window and in the doorways of every shop. However, you shouldn’t have the impression that it’s a highly political, radical, and dangerous place. In fact, it’s very tranquilo, the food is wonderful, and although Bilbao is a pretty commercial city, the Old Quarter certainly has its very own special charm.
The sheer eyeball-gouging, face-clawing ambition of my otherwise sane colleagues has revealed a new and scary world and robbed me of my cakey innocence.
But at the same time, you have to wonder: does it hurt when the dragonfly is shedding it's skin? How hard must it be to crack your shell open wide and pull yourself out of it? Just think about how hard it is to get out of a wetsuit, and then multiply that by a thousand.
As I have pointed out blacks and whites continued buying land from each other…
I will say my life, thrives on pain;
That was triage, a few details from the clerk, then I barely had time to open my book and a doctor was calling me over. She looked carefully at my wrist, agreed that an x-ray was necessary, and escorted me to the waiting area. Just a page read, and I was inside, getting the images taken.
I'm sure I'm not alone when I say this, but I really wanted to launch my own radio station after I saw Pump Up the Volume, a shimmering glob of underrated awesomeness, one that fought for your undivided attention twenty years ago, but got lost in the overcrowded realm that was teen angst cinema. Of course, nowadays, the idea of broadcasting a pirate radio show from the moldy, jizz-stained confines of your parents' basement might seem a tad quaint–especially in a world dominated by social media and reality television–but in 1990, it was groundbreaking stuff. Seriously, a disaffected teen as the catalyst for change wasn't that far-fetched during a time when apathy and yuppie culture had infected the general populace. Spouting a crude yet compelling melange of saucy malapropisms on the radio, complimented by an eclectic array of rap, punk, pop, and Leonard Cohen, a properly motivated adolescent in a bowling shirt could inspire the alienated and the downtrodden hovering around their speakers to do his or her bidding, and do so with an alarming ease. It didn't matter if person doing the talking originally intended to shake things up, your voice was singled out as the champion for those being "butt-surfed by the system" whether you like it or not. My pirate radio station, for example, would have been an ear-destroying cacophony of post-industrial sex music and italo disco (with weather and fashion updates on the hour). In other words, while my station's chic temperament would never be in doubt, its seemingly innocuous content wouldn't cause the shady bureaucrats who the run local high school to loose any sleep. The radio station featured in this film, on the other hand, oozes of subversion from every pore.
Well, yes?
Suk11 is a home away from home. It provides budget-conscious travellers with premium location (Sukhumvit area), exceptional services (24 hours security) and highly affordable prices (THB500 per room, inclusive of breakfast). Various room types are offered, ranging from single room to a dormitory for 5 persons.
Cinderella’s good heart changes people with a finger snip. She got an e-mail AND a letter of acceptance from the college, but then there seems to be no further communication between the two sides.
"Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night!" or words to that effect.
I have been back and forth as to whether I would ever publish this one, as admitting to low testosterone is not what any man would ever like to do or discuss in public, especially as a long-term condition unrelated to aging. But as I mentioned in my very first post, facing the facts, which took a while to be honest, helps explain some things that have dogged me all my life, motivates me to keep going and drives some of my fitness decisions. And so here it is before I chicken out (again).
I stared at the newspaper clipping Mom had sent me. I had read his obituary online, but seeing it on paper in front of me made it more real. Kind of like watching the Wicked Witch of the West melt in the “Wizard of Oz” – all the evil you loath becoming a puddle of nothing.
Definition 2: To Pick - transitive verb undo something: to loosen, unfasten, or separate something into disconnected parts, especially something that was sewn together
We went and picked up the boys from the house, and then made the trip to Ted Peters. By this time it was around 1 or so, so all of us were STARVING. Now, I'm not a big fish person, and I blame that on living in Oklahoma all my life where all of the good fish is never fresh because it has to be shipped from a coast. Because of this, I called my grandma to ask her which fish I was to try. I also wanted to try their German potato salad because my mom has a really good recipe and I wanted to compare. AND on top of that I wanted to try their Manhattan clam chowder because I heart soup, and I knew that I needed to try as much stuff as possible because I have no idea when I'll return.
According to Lawn, the great tragedy is that at least a third of these deaths could be prevented with extremely cheap and simple solutions- breastfeeding, for instance, making sure that women don’t give birth on a dirty surface, keeping babies warm after birth. But these interventions are not high on the global health agenda. “Most of the big organizations that fund global health initiatives still barely mention newborn deaths,” Lawn told ABC News.
Coriander Powder: 2 tbsp
your blue eyes look like holes.
“8. a. A municipality that purchases an eligible property pursuant to this act shall sell and convey or lease the housing unit or units acquired within 60 days of the date of purchase, unless it is not possible to do so due to practical or market conditions. In the event that an eligible property is not conveyed or leased within 180 days of the date of purchase, or remains vacant for a 180-day period during the pendency of affordability controls, the corporation, or the agency as successor to the corporation, may commence proceedings to take control of the property and to sell and convey or lease the property in furtherance of the purposes of this act and deed restrictions of record.”
You:
But you know, as far as the cities go – in a lot of ways, I’ll always be more connected to Nashville and Murfreesboro and Middle Tennessee than I ever have been to Memphis, even though I was born here and have a long history here and strong connections here, including having had strong family connections here. And probably more than I ever will be to Knoxville. Don’t really have any to Chattanooga, other than a family member living there for a while who no longer does.
‘The detractors found little support at that time, but for whatever reasons, there are more people who have come up to support them now,’ said Prof Levin.
All my products, CU and PU are set to ONLY $1.00.
To be frank, this Machiavellian marketing seems the stuff of urban legend. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not against being duped into believing myself thinner – and will quite happily pay for the privilege. I’ve just yet to squeeze myself into an apocryphal 10. If anything, I think the high street has adopted a certain NAMA-like quality – a belt-tightening, pinch-inducing inability to make ends meet. It’s the classic example of ‘why give an inch, if it’s going to cost in fabric?’
This morning I posted about not controlling and allowing life to take me where it may. This is too tenuous for me. It is too scary.
“devour nature ceaselessly,”
A while ago I was asked to post up a bio about myself on the "I am Korean American" website. This is a website which showcases normal, everyday Korean Americans and tells a little about what they are about. I thought it was a great idea and shot up a bio. Since then, I've met quite a few people who've reached out to me since my bio went up. And then I realized, I didn't actually blog about it. So here's a link to my bio.
I say I would never again watch it, but I probably said that the first time, and as the sands of time wear away all the less important memories I have, like my PIN number and what I had for breakfast, I’ll probably end up seeing it again accidentally. But let the written record state: I hope to hell I am too mentally decrepit by that point to care.
Let’s start with Matthew 5:13. If you look in your red letter Bible, you will notice these are red letter words. That means these are words spoken by Jesus. I think red letter ‘ifs’ would be some of the most important.
Virginie Ledoyen, 35, opted for a black three-quarter bubble sleeved Chanel Resort 2012 cocktail little black dress. The tea length LBD frock was accessorized with grey toe-cap platform pumps.
Hope you are all having a great week so far. I am in the midst of getting ready for the Christmas V&H fair this coming Saturday. I have loads of new goodies to sell as I have been busy buying and saving things ready for the fair.
My sil is pregnant and due in May. She looks like she's six weeks pregnant and she feels great. What's up with that? Anyway, she and my bil are HUGE Nascar fans. I think they're going to name their baby Daytona. Or Dale. Or Bristol, or Talladega, or Darlington. I may just have to do a contest about this when it gets a little closer to May.
On a Monday afternoon, Casa Urbano was quiet, just a few pairs dining in the calm, cream-colored restaurant. There was abstract art involving wood branches and cream-colored squares on the walls, nothing very interesting, but nothing very offensive either, and the waiters were very kind. Even if it isn’t a Michelin-starred restaurant, it declared itself still to be some place special, with white tablecloths, strong napkins, and even buckets of ice for white wine at each table. After all the inner strength I’ve mustered to enter bustling and noisy tapas bars solo, it was a breeze to sit down in that quiet restaurant by myself. I didn’t feel like everyone was having so much more fun than me. The middle-aged couple in front of me barely said a word to each other throughout their entire meal.
Whole Wheat Pizza Dough
- Saint Hedwig Air conditioning repair / Saint Hedwig AC repair
So I took as many photos as I could so you, mama, could feel like you kinda got to see it!
April 29 – Edmonton Event Centre (Edmonton, AB) #
I don’t remember. I’ve watched that since the very first season. I think because it was easy to find episodes online. I had just moved into my apartment at the time, and too cheap to pay for cable.
I have to appologise for the images,
Zest of 1/2 a lemon
No. I made the decision mid-week but by Thursday my resolve was weakening.On Friday when hubby poured himself a glass and asked if I fancied one, I found myself justifying the craving. "It's only one glass. It’s your only vice. You deserve it” ‘Oh, go on then.’ The words were out before I could stop them and I caved. A few weeks later in March I tried again. I lasted two weeks, and actually, every day since, I’ve told myself I won’t have a drink, or I’ll only have one glass, but every evening my willpower ends up round my ankles, not to mention the guilt, the castigating, and disappointment with myself.
Cults (Naomi)
4. Remove the chicken to a serving plate and quickly crumble the bacon you’ve set aside into the pan, then pour in the wine, letting everything bubble up, and, finally, pour over the chicken pieces.
And then of course, there is Topps Company. I must admit it is surprising to see so much backlash over short prints, including a card featuring a squirrel. Of course, I have never been a set collector so finding a super short printed card like that would be a dream come true as it would mean lots of money to gain on the secondary market. To me this year’s Topps flagship looks fine. It’s no “game changer” by any means but it gets the job done.
Knee highs- Seppälä
Stretches 500%
On April 16, 2011 we were finally able to bring our baby home. It was the day we had been waiting for. Now it was going to be real. I wasn't exactly sure at that moment what real was. I was just focused on the fact that we were no longer going to have to be at the hospital all day long and that I could hold, feed, change, and love her anytime I wanted to. Our new lives could truly begin.
The final plot was more fully centred around Alicia. There is another version of The Good Wife that would have had her cheating husband shoved out of the picture some time in the first season, while the on-again/off-again sparks between her and Will became the sole focus of the show. But The Good Wife is smarter than that. Alicia and Peter have children, so there simply is no life without him. More importantly, he is not a bad man. He’s just unfocused in his priorities, and rabidly ambitious.
What was your favorite part of Christmas this year?
The contracts are each for four years and are expected to be in support of Anadarko’s future long term drilling programmes offshore Mozambique.
Welcome to the middle of the week edition, and we've got some interesting stuff to take in today.
