Sunday morning we were supposed to meet Grandma S and Boopa for breakfast but there was never a phone conversation about when or where, and we got home so late we couldn't call to talk to them about it, so we just went to bed and figured they'd call us in the morning.
Morgan's room
and recorded for the ages?
We don't know who keeps leaving animals at our house but Mom thinks that it must be someone who knows us (or of us). Unfortunately, that doesn't narrow it down much, since our family have lived in this area for a very long time. It makes everybody sad that we might know some one who abandons animals.
Scroll
The moon has its eye on her tonight.
Then there is the light at the bottom of the stairs in the basement that burned out last week, that B didn’t even know existed!
The service was quick and staff friendly. We sat in the underground mall to eat and catch up. And to plan our next outing of course! Perhaps it'll be back to Lemonade - there are so many dishes I want to try!
Doctor Who – A Loving Obsession by Grant Bull
more soon...i pinky promise!
Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on an hill cannot be hid. Neither do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick; and it giveth light unto all that are in the house” (Matthew 5:13-16). No matter what my understanding of doctrine may be, I cannot bring others to Christ if my reputation is not what it ought to be.
For more information about any of the items at Ma(i)sonry, AND to find out why Ma(i)sonry is spelled the way it is.... click HERE.
The video embedded in this post was recently created by The Christian Broadcasting Network (CBN). It deals with the worldwide persecution of Christians, mainly at the hands of Muslim extremists, but also by Islamic and other governments of this world. Listen very carefully what the commentators in this video are trying to tell us, then once you’ve absorbed the message I urge you to read the rest of this posting, which will reveal who the real terrorists are on Planet Earth.
But right now I wish you were here
two weeks
Curse of the Wolf Girl - Martin Millar
MOUNT EERIE "TO THE GROUND" 7" (feat. Nicholas Krgovich)/ OUT NOW
Talbot encourages everyone — even those who may not have mathematics or physics training — not to be afraid of the concept of quantum physics: anyone who can approach the subject with an open mind can understand the concepts, he says.
I went to a movie on Monday, and I found myself getting a little weepy during the trailers. That’s right… The trailers.
Carrie Ann: I’m an Air Force Brat, so I’ve lived all over. But I really want to go back to Italy or Japan. I could imagine some great inspiration there.
the more I try to see Christmas through the eyes of a child......
Wedding We are less than 5 months from our wedding! Yikes! We are certainly pinching pennies right now to make sure we can save enough to cover all of our costs, but this added expense for day care is going to injure our bottom line for the wedding. I've already signed some deposits and contracts and such so we are in it regardless, its just a matter of coming up with it all, as we are hosting our wedding.
- The sheer size of the SLQ (to a small town gal, it is seriously monstrous and so beautiful!)
As the sun rose over her back and warmed her, it dawned on her that she liked her life splayed out on the page; pinned, raw, and gleaming.
At least that's what I tell myself.
I DO belong . . . . . . HERE.
Except it was a witnessed arrest and I began CPR within 60 seconds.
7. Add Diced pepper and squash, saute until warm.
new old news:
I've tried and failed - on many, many occasions - to force my will through situations that are highly energized and chaotic, only to produce more chaos, anger, hate, frustration, tears. When this happens, I know that I'm never really present in the moment: I let past confrontations color the current situations. I let my ego control the moment by choosing to feeling affronted. I lose control.
Significance: It feels good to know that we are needed and wanted. Our life needs to have importance and meaning.
The young man appeared at work, across town........
On Tuesday, we accompanied them on their endowment session. I was able to assist in the initiatory for President Khamphee. They listened intently and seemed to be impressed with everything. As a sealer, I was able to seal them for eternity. They then fed us lunch. They took their food each day to the Temple and ate in the basement eating area. We returned to some meetings in our office and they went on another sesson. They did the baptisms for their families on Wednesday and inititiatories. They also did 2 endowment sessions.
“For John truly baptised with water; but ye shall be baptised with the Holy Ghost not many days hence.”
Just one more year and then you'd be happy
After taking samples of water at a depth of 16 feet, Proskurowski, researcher at the University of Washington, discovered that wind was pushing the lightweight plastic particles below the surface.
The moon would make a kick-ass dump. Millions of square miles of airless, dusty, barren rock upon which to dump all the nastiest, foulest, most dangerous chemicals and junk the human race can produce. Hell, if you organize it right, you could just shoot the trash to the moon in rockets made of more trash. So long as you can reliably hit, oh, say a 10,000 square mile patch of the moon (which shouldn’t be that hard), you don’t even need people there to supervise. Fire and forget, and that trash is never going to bother the Earth again.
I’m getting back to normal, getting back to more crafting, and Tuesday is a holiday (yay for May 1st!), so really truly can make it my perfect crafting day. So let’s get to it!
I mean look at this stuff. The paint was just chipping off...
“How can humans
I had a pretty horrible day today. Work was boring, I was late to uni and to top it all off I didn’t get a job I was hopeful about. So I did what any good female does; a little retail therapy. Or in my case; shoe retail therapy.
In terms of structure the building was made of reinforced concrete blocks and pillars with an exposed aggregate finish of pebbles. These materials may seem like they contrast with the natural setting but were actually designed to highlight the nature of the area with their neutral non-imposing earthy tones.
Concert Contest: 3:00
While my parents are vacationing in Spain and Portugal along together with my god-parents, I am going to record down every single thing I cook or bake, whenever I possibly can that is.
It's positively pouring and has been for most of the day.
Gogo’s Crazy Bones are small, colorful, figurines with endless gaming, collecting and learning possibilities. Developed by Magic Box International and PPI Worldwide Group and distributed in the US by JDNA, the collectable sensation has taken the toy market by storm, topping collectables sales charts around the world. Players will find Gogo’s Crazy Bones the game jam-packed with more than 70 puzzles and 30 favorite Gogo’s to collect, each one with a unique name, design, personality and special ability. Unlock five Gogo’s in every level as you take on popular Gogo’s games like Knock Out, Battle and Basket Attacks. Earn stars and unlock rewards as you explore interactive environments from the bus stop
Talking about it is good.
I was nominated for a blog award. a whole week ago. and it is probably too late to get any votes....
This is my first post and I’m already scratching my head wondering what the hell I’m supposed to be doing. Do you know that feeling?
Then hangs like a tear on a lash
why do i have such a hard time finishing something i start?
You stopped by the right place on the HOP.
Barack Obama and the Queen may have been recent visitors to Dublin, but the vast majority of local football supporters are giving it a bye-ball.
to party; the hour was theirs,
For lunch, I stopped at La Pizza & La Pasta, which makes Neapolitan pizzas in gold tiled ovens. Pizzas range from $9-$19, dependent on the toppings. Choose a simple Margherita ($13) or a heartier Salsicciotta ($19), with tomato sauce, smoked provola cheese, mushrooms, Neapolitan sausage and fresh basil. If you don't want pizza, there is a separate menu with a list of pasta entrees.
Over a particularly random evening at a fairly decent bar where my best friend(Rory for future reference) worked, I had sparked off a conversation with a Latvian gentleman we knew and a fairly stereotypical Englishman (Relatively Well spoken and educated, Worked as a supervisor on construction sites, Enjoyed reading/football/rugby/tennis and had a pot-belly to boot.) We had a conversation about interestingly odd books that kept you hooked from the get-go (Mine being “Elephants on Acid” by Alex Boese).
On the cover, special credit is given to the instrumental tracks' respective soloists, so for anyone interested I'm including that bit of info here.
3. The last person you held hands with?
Art is for everyone, and artists know it.
Hanging on the living room wall was the black magic symbol of inverted triangles in a circle. A huge flag covered one wall with its gold on black emblem.
"defiantly"ordering pizza.
The receptionist told me some news right before my first patient: One of the aides not only was pregnant but HAD her baby 2 weeks ago!!! WTF...that means she was pregnant while I was working there, when Camille died, and pregnant when I came in to say hello to people before returning to work a month ago. NO ONE TOLD ME! and yes, she had a girl. OF COURSE SHE DID. She even hugged me when I came in last time. I didn't even know she was pregnant. She is a little chunky but I don't know if I was too caught up in my grief to notice or what. I understand why she didn't say anything that day. I am saying hi to everyone for the first time since my daughter died and I am crying....probly not the best time to drop the news but....I do have a phone.
That, dear readers, was the comment I received on my blog one afternoon after a post about idiocy in the current Presidential administration. Everyone’s entitled to their opinion; hell, my entire reason for writing is to give my opinion. However, I have to take umbrage here for a couple of reasons.
Of course Friday was a beautiful, warm and sunny day, but not our sale day. Then Saturday the rain came and it lasted all day. We had their garage all set up on Friday. Le me tell you we utilized every bit of space in the garage. we had it packed to the hilt.
Damn. There I go again, speaking out loud. I gotta remember to keep my mouth shut around her. Don’t want to let her think that we could even be friends with these damn necklace things on.
I opened my textbook and found myself at the chapter that described Clement’s life and philosophy and place in the larger story. It was there in those few pages that I found the one thing I’d been looking for almost since the day I’d become a Christian: some understanding of the radically different ways that people who claim the same faith seem to behave and express their worldview, and where and how I fit in. “Clement is the prototype of the broad, liberally minded, intellectual and philosophical Christian theologian who seeks to synthesize Christian belief with culture as much as possible.”
It has been fifteen years since Liesl watched her beloved Harvard music mentor assaulted on a dark night in Moscow and just as long since the CIA disclosed to her that he’d been spying for Russia. She had seen that man-that eerie face-the night Professor Devoe was attacked. And now he’s back-and coming for her.
And sometimes I may feel
- Revlon ColorStay eye/ lip: 20% off
2. Farkındalık Reaksiyonu 01:55
Therefore, they have to be able to balance their own tastes and their clients’ tastes—and be willing to put their clients’ tastes first. This requirement can be frustrating at first for many who enter the profession. Interior designers are often asked to begin their planning before construction of a space is finished; this means that they must be good at scheduling and comfortable reading blueprints.
Mix all ingredients in mixing bowl
- September 11th Security Fee: A September 11th Security Fee of $2.50 applies per enplanement originating at a U.S. airport up to $10 per roundtrip.
After I took the pictures I decided I would take a break and review them in my camera. As I made my way to the sidewalk to inspect my pictures more closely something caught my eye. On the side of a building was an old Coca-Cola ad that had been painted on the wall and to my best guess the image was decades old. The white paint was faded on the red brick facade. In that instant I decided to ditch the bridge pictures and decided I would shoot the Coke ad and after that I would set out to find more interesting city murals. As much as DC is known for blow hard politicians and government waste, my DC is also a culturally rich and diverse city. Scattered around the city are murals painted on all types of buildings. Think of it as publicly commissioned graffiti. All I had to do was capture the Coke ad and be on my way.
We must recognize the marks of biblical evangelism so that we will be found faithful in sharing the fullness of the message with those around us. Social service and being a nice person are good witnesses for the gospel, but they aren’t the same as doing evangelism. We must learn to speak God’s truth into the lives of those around us for the glory of God and the growth of his kingdom.
Tuesday came and went without any pains whatsoever. I decided to press my luck and not bring my laptop home from work since things seemed to be back to normal. That evening, we went through our normal routine and went to bed like normal. Around midnight, I woke up to what I thought was just another trip to the bathroom, but when I stood up the pain hit me right away. I got to the bathroom and hung out for a while and noticed the pain was getting stronger. I tried to go back to bed, which basically consisted of me lying there timing my pain intervals on my newly downloaded iPhone contraction app. There's an app for that. They started about 8-12 minutes apart, and around 2 a.m. I told Dad-E that I was going downstairs to try and "walk it off." Just rub some dirt on it, you'll be fine. Around 3:45, Dad-E came down to check on me and the pains were consistently 8 minutes apart. So, I called into work and told them that I wouldn't be coming in and texted my mom who said she was on her way. I just wanted to make it long enough to get Alli dropped off at daycare when it opened at 7 a.m. I had no idea who we would call to watch Alli at that hour.
I'm going to have to invest in 2 technics!
back & forth...foo fighters
“Live! Live the wonderful life that is in you! Let nothing be lost upon you. Be always searching for new sensations. Be afraid of nothing.”
DAN EAGLEMAN
Trevor Rabin has received numerous awards including a Grammy, numerous Film and TV Awards, a Lifetime Achievement Award (Los Angeles Music Awards), a Career Achievement Award (Temecula International Film Festival), and Gold Medal for Excellence in Film Music Award (Park City Film Festival).
Henry En Marelize Townsend
Add some sheet music that has been torn on the edges.
Mr. Big: "Carrie, I bought you a big screen TV for our anniversary. I was thinking we could stay in and watch a timeless black and white movie. I picked up some food from the new Japanese place on Madison."
(1) A work of literature is incarnational—it embodies meaning. The customary literary terminology for talking about this is to say that the writer of literature shows rather than tells.
The Lord said there is a family here that has become used to frequent tragedies, the Lord asked me to tell you from now on you will become use to frequent joy.
I do see you in bright light
We have come along way since 1968. Starring hottie and ex-girl of Mick Jagger-Marianne Faithfull, this movie got an X rating (but is on Youtube, shows you how scandalous it is). For a second I was convinced that feminism is actually about women being free to pursue the alpha, like this chick does for an hour and a half straight, but then I came back to reality with all that “equality” and “equal rights” mumbo jumbo.
who loved everyone
~Carl Jung
Measure the oats into a large bowl. Drop in the butter. Pour the boiling water over top. Let stand for 5 minutes. Stir in the milk, golden syrup (honey), ground cinnamon, and salt. Combine well and then pour into the prepared baking dish. Cover tightly with foil and then place into the heated oven.
But that will soon change. The networks and distributors putting TV online are facing some tough economics...
By the way, a couple of corrections on Mr. Frazier. He has not served eight years as a councilman, he has completed 3 years on the council and currently in his fourth year. He is not currently the mayor, he served in that capacity last year.
Once a year in February, the SAS gathers in a secret location to exchange tips on how to storm bastions, rescue colleagues and generally improve chances of world domination. The location is so secret that, although this year it was held near Peterborough, it was referred to in code as "Coventry."
Eighteen months later, for some reason which is not yet clear, Goldstone decides to admit that his report was without foundation, totally wrong and was set up to be biased against Israel from the start.
It’s nearly midnight, and I’ve watched Agnieszka die 103 times since I woke.
Simultaneously, heavyweight Web marketers and interactive ad players have been scrambling to distinguish their services from the bad guys, as well as to counteract growing calls for government controls on digital marketing.
Part of the world-renowned Banyan Tree Hotels and Resorts, Banyan Tree Ungasan, Bali provides all the luxury features and spa facilities that sophisticated travellers have come to expect from Banyan Tree. Villa owners are given the opportunity not only to have a permanent holiday haven in one of the world’s most desired locations, but also to join an exclusive club and benefit financially from their investment, both through capital gains and through resort accommodation income.
The trouble is, I became a parent before I fully became an adult. In fact I am still waiting on the ‘becoming an adult’ part…hence why, despite having been a mum for two and a half years, I am still putting off those important decisions. Parenthood has dragged me into an adult world where, however much I pretend otherwise, I don’t fully belong.
My good friend at Stitch Of Love came up with a new pattern for crocheted "hair scrunchies" that is simply darling! Lovestitch is great at taking a pattern, reworking and rewriting it for the yarns she has available to her in Vietnam. (Which is a lot less than we have, believe me!)
I'll be sharing a few photos of our raised beds and a short DIY here soon.
Today’s cards are for the Operation Write Home* Stars and Stamps blog challenge Midweek Throw Down – Father’s Day. LOL I was just looking at the submissions for the challenge and realize I am going overboard. Please forgive me for posting so many, I just want to make sure I get all of my cards made in time for the Muscle Card challenge and Sandy opened the door with this Father’s Day challenge!
First of all, Ahmet has the crossbow, as suggested. He has a clear sight on the dragon. He does not need to make a save vs. fear. Though he does have the crossbow, the dragon is watching him and the others and initiative will still have to be rolled before the party can attack. (when Ahmet stands up behind the sacks to fire, the dragon may attack first.
-Camaal
It wasn't a few thousand today, but a few hundred of us bought tickets for the Chorley part of the ground but were allowed into the United section by kindly stewards, it really took me back to my youth.
marked her out as an original. Over the next few years,
Taken: 03/02/2011
7. Stress
Following the generally positive reviews that have sprung up all over the 'tinterwebs, it all comes down to the overnight viewing figures... Which appear to be different, depending on where you look.
Hollinghurst’s Line of Beauty
Shoulders = Tropic of Cancer
Then you kissed my lips, my neck and my body as your hands travelled over me
“Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.” — Mark Twain
We share fairy tales and pagan legends, Celtic stories, songs and poems in good old tradition of the Wilds.
expires
My only complaint with the milk is that it doesn't have much calcium. I prefer my plant milks fortified with at least 30 percent of the RDA for calcium. This milk has 10 percent of the RDA for calcium. But it does have five grams of protein per serving, and that's a plus. So if you see the new So Delicious almond milk products at a health food store near you, buy them. I promise it'll be worth your while.
VIDEO
that is so powerful
On day four, which was a short run, I only ran 3.7km in a half hour. Not a bad distance, mind you, but I felt like crap at the end. On my way back home I was extremely thirsty, and when I got home my head was pounding and I felt dizzy. Oh and my knee was killing me. "Lesson learned!", I wrote in my journal...ha!
“Pshhh, naw. We can go to Lindy’s house if you guys want.”
I read because because I like some poems and stories, I didn't want the poem explained because it pissed me off, I wanted to know if I needed to tell him he wasn't safe there. Thanks for taking it down
Now, after Fifa president Sepp Blatter criticised the local organising committee for not doing enough to fill stadiums on Monday, officials are desperate to get fans to games — with at least one official speculating that free tickets might be handed out.
finally settled.
When the race was over, unlike in Nascar where they usher you out, they let the patrons walk all the way around the circuit. After celebrating on the track where we were photo-bombed by various crazy Australian guys, we took one last look at the circuit and headed home after a day full of sun, laughs, and excitement.
First came George. Then came Ed.
This kind of countryside...
Thanks for stopping by, and for playing along with our sketch challenge. We hope that you will tell your friends about our challenge. Have a wonderfully creative week!
14) There is a growing incidence of archaeological looting in the U.S. led by meth addicts. According to a recent study, "since meth labs are often found in isolated areas, just like archaeological sites, geographical coincidence may explain the complaints. Meth addicts are known for repetitive behavior and may find digging at sites soothing." This would make an interesting premise for a film: desperate meth heads excavating unmarked burial mounds in the middle of the night, loading up their trucks under the moon.
But I guess with even a mild Winter in Portland (which basically means that it didn't rain too much, and the temperature never got too cold), we still have day after day of overcast weather, and the sun only makes a peak a handful of days month after month. So then, when we're finally ready for Spring to begin, what do we get instead of sunshine, the fucking dark rainy skies. And I'm tired of it. I want Spring.
But we must always remember that it is only through Christ that any of this can be accomplished. And that no matter what we do, we will always be in His debt and at His mercy. Indeed, certain works are required of us in this life, but our salvation itself is not dependent upon them. The things we do are merely signs of our acceptance of His Grace. We should all be mindful that our service does not distract us from our reliance on Christ, the way housework distracted me from my love for my family.
Have you checked out Pinterest yet?
As 2011 draws to a close, I wanted to spend some time reflecting back on the year. This is my first year in this new life of stay-at-home-mommyhood and my first year where I've had the luxury of posting here on Honey + Fitz (pretty much) every day. I've loved sharing my little corner of the world with you and am humbled by what this creative outlet has become for me.
Third mistake, I totally forgot that anything labeled "A Tribute To..." SUCKS. I have albums that are tributes to bands, I've seen movies that were tributes to..whatever, and they always SUCK. "A Tribute To..." means nothing more than "We are not imaginative to come up with our own stuff, so we are going to rehash something someone ELSE did and pretend like we are honoring them, when all we really doing are using that name to draw you suckers in so that we can cash in on the other, more famous thing".
Encourage one another,
All the recent Marvel movies tie together in this one, but if you missed one or two—I skipped Thor and the second Hulk, and missed the final twenty minutes of Captain America when the power went out Thursday night—there are enough unobtrusive background lines to make it work. But if you’ve seen ‘em, the layers are remarkable.
Of course in Northern Ireland they also give details of pension arrangements for its Members of the Legislative Assembly (MLAs). Anyone care to guess what someone in the private sector would pay in the Republic to get a pension package similar to a TD’s? And in the North, they also show you what each MLA is costing you.
Go back to the metaphor of your body being a spoiled child and your mind being a parent. What's one of the oldest scams in the book when a spoiled kid wants something and won't shut up? Trick 'em.
First stop was in Saint Paul Cathedral in San Pablo, Laguna.
I wouldn’t say I loved Thundercats as a kid; although it was more competently produced and animated than He-Man, I always found the backstory for the show needlessly weird. The whole thing where Lion-O started the series as a kid but was accidently aged into an adult body creeped me out as a kid. Still, I cannot deny the theme song or the catchphrases- Thundercats HO!
It's probably a year or more away, which means one more summer and one more depressing winter, but hopefully someday, before my boys are grown, we will leave grayville.
Meanwhile Pua who is DAP publicity chief said Hishamuddin’s comment that based on Razali’s report there was some bais to Utusan’s report was a ‘very serious claim.’
Chirkov, 52, was commander of the Baltic Fleet before his appointment. Vysotsky, 57, had occupied the top military post for almost five years.
By Marie Harbon
So those were some of the tips I gleaned from many sources. Unfortunately I didn't take note of where because, at the time, I had no intentions of posting my results. But once I SAW the great results, I realized I had to share them with you so that you wouldn't be disappointed with the Impressabilities, like I was, and let them collect dust.
Even with a thin limbal ring, these lenses surprisingly had a very noticeable enlargement!
It's a pity that James Watt chose to mark the event by saying BD were
In another bowl, mash up the bananas, then add the sugar. Add the oil, almond extract, and milk/vinegar mixture. Mix with a fork or an electric mixer set on low.
The Rocco revival style of art emerged in the 18th century as artists put aside their desires for equally balanced decorations and, instead, focused on more fluid and colorful patterns of decoration. The artisans employed by Carl Schumann porcelain focused on creating lines of dinnerware with lots of brightly colored fruit, flowers and nuts These decorations were offset by the milky white, almost translucence of the high quality porcelain that the factory used.
Again on the town?"
Your burden I could not have borne.
above the heron
*hadeih…
We'll dance to the Zigzag music till we're crazy!
As well as whistling
I wear a lot of hats, including hosting the top-rated morning radio show in Denver, as well as overseeing a non-profit education foundation (more on that later). But I also visit schools and help young people to discover their own creative spark. It was a natural for me to create a story specifically for those students. As for how it started: Sitting in my office in my basement with a legal pad and pen. I still have the original notes that I scribbled that day.
Tatman has requested a "Tat to the World Record". Here's the info:
So today I'm watching my nephew for a few hours, making food, and cleaning. Pretty much my days are filled with cleaning and cooking. But that's fine- I love it here. It's breezy and lovely today, and it's making me happy!
Why the first thing I do when I get to London is go to Green Park. Why Green Park will always be my favorite place on earth--the place where I mastered a great art, the place where I could be alone and happy for the first time, the place where I grew up in an instant and yet was still just a child, the place that changed me forever.
218And wings of seraphs shed divine perfumes,
Somebody told me this week that if you have your fifth birthday on the fifth of the month, it is considered your "golden birthday." This morning Jon showed up with some surprise donuts to kick off the golden boy's day and he was pretty excited that to see that a sugar buzz was in his immediate future.
I've lived in worse houses. This one's all right aside from the bedroom, bathroom, closet, parking and scary basement. But if we didn't have our wife Leslie on the other side of the duplex, I may have hung myself in our tiny closet by now.
The best of luck and blessings to all my wonderful “online” and “real world” friends!
Keep it royal queenies!
"thank you"
No shiny loo?
Without you there’s no light…
I’ve managed a trip to Manchester and back, attended a wedding, forgot that I had booked holiday and on Wednesday I’m going to Paris! Wohoo. For two days.
Last month, a senior police officer at the same station and second-in-command of its crime prevention unit was arrested for alleged corruption.
The blazer could pass as Zara easily! The fit is tailored and the shoulder structure is super flattering, I often find that Primark’s attempt at structured shoulders is either to floppy or to OTT, but this time they’ve got it just right!
I'm not even that old, and yet I'm thinking this way.
So I get this thing, not having a clue what to do or how to install it, and rather than bring it in to work and let my friendly neighborhood technogeeks assist me, I wanted to do it all myself.
I took a deep breath and pushed the shard of glass into the opening. It fit perfectly in place with a responsive click.
It`s a countdown for our quilt show hope you can make it check out the sideline on dates and times and please copy the flyer to add to your own blog if you are in the surrounding area of Whitby Ontario Canada
Dozens of studies have been published in the years since. Arguments continue, but many doctors accept the idea that heavier girls often develop earlier. And subsequent studies have also found that black and Hispanic girls mature earlier than whites, even when weight is taken into account. No one knows why. Though breasts may be sprouting earlier, the average age of first menstruation, between 12 and 13, has not really changed.
‘When any patient presents with fatigue, we always consider depression as primary diagnosis, especially when there’s previous history.’
Jan Juc Coast Action group is embarking on a fox control program in an effort to protect the local environment from the predatory pests.
My novel, House of Zeor, was NOT “the” genre-changer for Science Fiction. Most historians credit Marion Zimmer Bradley’s little story (mind blanking on the title, but it had Cloud in it) in a mid-1950′s magazine with that pivot point.
In a large mixing bowl, stir together shortening, powdered sugar, vanilla and salt. Slowly add in water until consistency is thick, smooth, and spreadable.
Another said poaching for meat in national parks and reserves had also become a norm, given that "it is so easy to bribe the officials so that we can go in and get some food".
"Your proposal is going to destroy up to 850 jobs in the UK and it will actually transfer them to other EU countries - most unfair - and I'm talking about proposals to cease quotas for sugar beet production by 2015, because this won't be matched by a relaxed quota or the cane sugar refiners, represented in my country by Tate & Lyle. That firm has been a strong player in the UK sugar market all my life; and long before we joined the European Union. It needs more tariff free raw material. It's got to have that to keep its refinery supplied. At the moment it's slowing down; its closing at weekends, its losing its critical mass and it means the costs of refining are becoming uncompetitive and the factory is going to close and you, actually, are the one person in the world who can keep it open. The beneficiaries of your proposal will be the sugar beet industries in France and Germany - not in Britain - because in Britain, we obeyed EU laws and we closed factories three years ago, and those factories cannot be rebuilt by 2015. Tate & Lyle have asked you to visit them, to come to that factory in London and see for yourself how efficient they are, but as yet, as I understand, you haven't answered their invitation. I have written to you on this subject and I haven't had a reply as yet. It would appear you are completely indifferent to the situation, which I think is scandalous because the UK is one of the few countries in the EU which is a net contributor, those contributions come from taxpayers. Employees of Tate & Lyle are taxpayers have peen pumping money into the EU and this is how they're being repaid.
Level 30: Mastery: +70%, Weapon ATT: +30, Minimum Critical Damage: +15%.
And these are the truths of our Queen. These are the ways that we must keep in balance. For as she is Queen of All, so we adore her in all. As she is a queen of the earth, so I am a caretaker to the earth. As she is mistress of the waters, so it is the waters that flood my spirit and bring me joy. As she is a queen of the flame, so it is that fire that consumes the every beat of my heart.
You own a book that has been signed by the author. Do you allow yourself to read it or do you keep it on a shelf somewhere not to be touched by human hands?
And...I have submitted a proposal for SXSW 2011. Yes, THE interactive social media conference event! Panel title: "OMG! Ur Prof is tweeting Science!" a dual panel to discuss how social media can be used to reach and engage broader and diverse audiences in science. Voting for panels begin Monday, August 9th and continues until August 21st. I'll keep you all posted on details.
I looked at him and just shrugged.
Just finished roaming through the Hill Country. With all the wineries, it's very easy to forget to eat any food and just keep sampling wine and enjoying the view. If you weigh 206 lbs, it's no big deal to spend all day drinking wine and whatnot. If you weight are a much smaller woman like my wife, you're going to eventually clock out and pass out in the hotel at 6PM, as she is right now. Poor woman.
Yes, sometimes eat at desk while working, or eat meals in from of TV
No lacing
Both women were allowed to bond out of jail on their own recognizance, Mincks said.
Understand this folks, bring it down to your heart. How we treat others, even the least, the one you think so little of, in God’s eyes is how we treat HIM. I feel so sad for those who have despitefully used us, who have had so little good to say regarding me and schemed and gossiped, for they must answer to God. So I pray daily for them, that they may realize what they have done and repent before God, and thus be made whole. They are confident in their religiosity, their self-righteousness, yet are blind to what Jesus thinks regarding it, ignoring the truth they know for it is not convenient for them. Such is the way of self-deceit.
The four-month-old kitten, which will almost earless for the rest of its life and has a twitch from the concussion, is on the mend at SAVE, said Mr. Johnson.
Once again, I’m very excited about this movie. I think The Dark Knight was one of the best films ever made, and I’m hoping The Dark Knight Rises does it justice as a sequel. It comes out July 20th.
Lean pork meat or chicken meat, 5 slices
Well if that was not enough I just got the word yesterday that I have been selected to teach at the 2012 Firehouse EXPO in Baltimore Maryland! While excited I thought I was going to be unable to do it. You see I promised the wife and kids I would take them to Myrtle Beach starting that Wednesday during my 5 day break. Well originally Firehouse had me teaching on Friday, so I thought I was going to have to turn them down, because bottom line my family deserves the break. I am constantly doing fire service stuff. Last year I saw 4 out of about 12 baseball games my oldest son played in, this year because of FDIC I am missing his first game, and have only gotten to 2 practices just because of my regular work schedule. It is only going to get worse as my oldest son is going to play football in the fall, and wrestle in the winter, while my youngest is going to play soccer in the fall as well. I miss a lot and I was not going to take their vacation with Dad away from them.
1972 STIGMA (also writer)
St. Joseph’s vocation was to become the guardian of the Holy Family. However, his vocation – and ours as well – was also an invitation to divine intimacy for without this habitual union of our minds and hearts with the Divine Mind and Heart, we would just direct the bark of our vocation to shipwreck and with it, according to St. Alphonsus Liguori (also regarded as the Doctor of Christian vocation), our eternal salvation. While St. Joseph was devoting himself to the work required by his position as foster father, he fulfilled his mission not only with complete exterior dedication but also with a heart filled with Jesus.
And everyone who posts photos on the forum or in their blogs are fodder for inspiration
I cannot stress enough that its the simple things in life…
The only authors still pursuing legacy deals are:
but writing these things down as things i must do? i feel like i would be setting myself up for failure, and what for? unless these things are deep, burning desires in your heart, why does it matter to write them down? and how can one have a deep burning desire for so many things?
In addition to the quantitative aspects of retirement, we also urge investors to answer two questions when they plan for retirement
WATANAKUNAKORN C, ELLIS G, GEMMEL D. Attitude of healthcare personnel regarding influenza immunization. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 1993; 14: 17-20.
The installation has been completed with Together for Short Lives, the same charity in partnership with The X Factor, organised by members of the Audio Visual industry.
But the traditional PR firm structure almost guarantees unhappiness.
c) Modern technology and design offer possibilities for transcending Japan's structural weakness, but only if they are mobilized systematically, almost militaristically, searching for solutions in every direction: on the land, on the sea, in the air...Architecture thus becomes the literal geopolitical extension of the state, constructing new territory—such as floating forests and artificial islands—over which to govern. It's a kind of proactive gerrymandering, we might say: not redesigning the district map, but constructing new districts. In any case, I recommend the book.
pen has long been bleeded,
Hello everyone, I am EXO-K’s KkamJong, Kai!
I don’t go for them myself, but if you have a thing for cupcakes, I would advise thinking through how you are going to transport those beautiful cupcakes from the sale, back to your home without it looking like a plastic bag of puke with icing smeared all on the inside. Be clever, invest in a cupcake holder box. I wouldn’t judge you for it… others might however.
That swore a joy beyond all joy
Nearly two years ago, when I first saw some beautiful silver core lampwork beads, I had the idea that I would like to try and replicate them in beadwork. It's a very simple idea, but for some reason it has taken me this long to find the right method and the best stitches to 'build' these. I use the word 'build' because beading (especially sculptural beadwork) can be a bit like that sometimes - you know you want to build a house, but what bricks to use? I tried many different stitches and have a big bag full of beaded beads of various shapes, sizes and colours that just weren't quite right. Some were the wrong shape or size and some wouldn't hold their shape enough and were just a little bit too 'squishy', but finally, I think I am happy with the end result and here are my Core Beaded Beads.
Ferguson has built many great sides in his 20 years at Old Trafford and although the current crop have a youthful nucleus, the backbone is reinforced by two of the most experienced professionals in England. With Rio Ferdinand creaking into his mid-thirties it’s little wonder Ferguson attempted something different to kick off the 2011/12 campaign.
Ingo Geirdal – Lead Guitar
I loved the fact that my dad rarely left the dance floor during the entire reception!! And how our band had everyone circle around us and sing to us "Lean On Me" for the last song of the evening!
Magic Bites occurs in a post apocalyptic Atlanta. The buildings are in ruin since the fluxes of magic eat away civilization leaving in behind it buildings made of stones and steel. The supernatural rule in this apocalyptic world. Their world oscillates between magic and technology. When magic is up, mages cast their spells, while technology fails and the magic disappears as fast as it came, leaving all kinds of problems behind. Kate Daniels is a mercenary who takes care of these magical problems.
In most cases that free offer will be some sort of report. When you create your title you want to make them eager to get their hands on that report.
My poor little baby Jacob didn't put sunblock on his face when he went on the Canoe trip on Tuesday. 8 HOURS on the water. Not good! Captain America sent him with sunblock (45) and a bucket hat. Both of which would have worked. But no. The child didn't put any on. And the leaders didn't check to see if he had. The water reflected and BAKED my childs face. It looks even worse in real life.
Uniforms: The uniforms of their parent units were in a state of flux, and when Napoleon reviewed the 3rd Provisional regiment in Paris in December, 1813, "he was displeased with their appearance", and ordered a new uniform of "light infantry style" with a green jacket and pants, white metal buttons, white vest, and crimson facings. The tailors of the Guard were given the task of fabricating the new uniforms! Details of the other regiments dress are less certain, but is seems likely they were also green. Primary sources record green uniforms with *yellow* facings as well. (This information form Dempsey's book, previously reviewed). There is very useful information and plates at the Histofig site as well. It is very likely that the 1st and 3rd regiments at least received eagles and flags, most likely in the 1812 pattern.
Does Brooklyn go to school too, this year?
Well March has been a good month, we've had some beautiful weather in the U.K. which I've made the most of, I've been to the city twice, I went to the Art Gallery to see DaVinci's drawings and today I'm going to see a show at the Old Joint Stock Theatre. Also had a great day at the Hobby Craft show at the N.E.C. with Maria and Binda, buying some gorgeous cashmere and merino yarn and more papercrafting stash, which I really didn't need !!!!
How about this guy?
The first step is hardest of all."
Airplane, Tractor, and Truck on bookshelf: all from Hobby Lobby
“No have money,” Vacuum Man says.
Since the middle of March 2012, 355 Brannan Street (a wearhouse space Gap rents,) has been decorated with 149 colorful short sleeve t-shirts. These tees are attached to the charcoal grey industrial building in 4 rows of 25 tees across followed by 7 rows of 7 tees down to form the letter “T.”
You can see how some of these guys might need it, the way powerful Japanese men go to Caucasian dommes to experience humiliation at their boots and whips. These spies go out on dangerous missions, they’re acting like he-men with their killing and torturing, but when they return to Britain, they need some reversal of roles. This is where a good domme clone of Emma Watson or Hilary Clinton come in. Kerry, too.
If you got your teaching qualifications anywhere else but in the UK, you will need to have these qualifications compared by NARIC.
Quin - Pick up
Look, the Best Picture award is supposed to go to a film that is important. I liked Avatar. But it wasn't important. Films can be important for a range of reasons, some "random" examples are films that celebrate some otherwise unknowns heroes (Schindler's List, uhhh Hurt Locker?), films that are new ideas, that could potentially inspire a new genre (Titanic, uhhh Inglourious Basterds?), films that successfully translate the suffering of an individual(s) and their hope in the face of adversity (Slumdog Millionaire, uhhh Precious?) or films that come together where everything works, great direction, great acting, great script (American Beauty, uhhh Up in the Air?).
Since that time, JayMan has reviewed nearly every one of the 47 dishes on the Taiwanese Noodle House's menu. (He doesn't favor eggplant, so he is missing a couple of dishes on that account). His popular blog also reports on staff changes, decor, some of the regular customers and other news from the restaurant.
Him: No.
The biggest push comes from the Union Food and Civil Supplies Ministry which is expected to earmark Rs 4,000 crore to assist states in digitising ration cards to help eliminate fake cards and check diversion of grain. Arunachal Pradesh, Chandigarh, Chhattisgarh, Haryana, Odisha and Puducherry are among the states that have opted for smart card designed by NIC.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart for supporting my soapy adventures.
One of the easiest and most effective way to reconnect with yourself is to spend some time observing your surroundings. We all are part of the nature, yet for most of us nature has become a sort of alien subject. In our concrete home, we seldom or never care to look at the sky. To look at the rain drops, to experience the cool breeze, to walk on the grass, to observe the greenery, to touch a tender flower- all these tiny tasks can result in an instant connection with the nature. However, how many of us try to connect with nature this way.
@KayLoire
It is all part of her experiment to see ‘just how difficult it would be to transform dead animal skin into haute couture.’
Apotheca was the next port of call, with the popular venue which has graced many previous trails offering us a double helping. Our main offering was the Scotland based Auchentoshan 12yr as a dram, and an Auchentoshan Three Wood Sour to enjoy. After visiting three homes of whiskey, Ireland showcased itself next in the form of Jameson’s at our fourth venue, Noho. Nestled in the corner of the sizeable venue, bowls of cheese and caramel popcorn were being eaten like their was no tomorrow, whilst sipping on drams of Jameson’s and its cocktail equivalent Basil Smash which had a dash of Tabasco to wake the senses.
Entry fee includes the wood blocks, promotion, hanging, all exhibition expenses plus a link to your website. For international submission, please submit early to allow shipping time. Depending on your location, the wooden blocks may take two weeks or more to arrive.
3. Lonesome Road (Oberg, Christiansen, La Grand) 4:41
“I’ll String Along With You.”
that much water onto the land.
Assessment of Conceptual Understanding
Nearly a dozen alleged victims have testified, while internal church memos and Lynn’s 2002 grand jury testimony have been read aloud. And jurors will soon hear from a former altar boy who says he was raped by two priests and his fifth-grade teacher….
WAYNE ROONEY (Manchester United) : The Englishman unselfishly works for the team and his passion can never be questioned. He steps up to the plate when the chips are down and could still win the Golden Boot Award as he trails Robin van Persie by only two goals. His 26 goals and assists are an important reason why Manchester United are still in the frame for the Premier League title.
We (very briefly) visited my grandma, then visited my grandpa's grave since today is the 8th anniversary of his death. Not a cheerful anniversary. I love the Jewish custom of leaving a small stone on the headstone. It feels more personal being able to leave something more lasting than flowers at a grave...
Then when I turned twenty, I went through a resurgence of faith. I read and carried the Bible with me all day long. I studied and highlighted and thought constantly of God. I was a prophet in my own mind and spoke my thoughts at anytime. Then around 24 another situation came up and I was back to that time again.
For those that are twilight.
I am not sure if you have noticed or not, but I MAY have mentioned one or two (gazillion) times that I need to lose some weight. It is a cycle with me. I get all excited about my exercise and diet plan, do it once or twice, and then fall back into my sugar-inhaling, cheeseburger-loving, lazy-assing ways. This cycle has been fairly continuous since the day I hit 30 and my 20 year old ass simply ceased to exist. And buying tummy-controlling jeans this weekend is a sure fire sign that this cycle is about to repeat itself once again.
If you’d prefer to show more skin than the venue allows, talk to the bridal salon where you bought your dress about cover-up options for the ceremony -- options that can be easily removed for formal photos and the reception.
Agua De Beber 02:31
I suppose the clean minded. The righteous. The pure of heart, still think of moist sugary sweetness when they hear the term muffin top. But I'll confess. a cynical, wise cracker like myself thinks of cellulite and too small clothes when i hear muffin top.
The other Nubars are Petunia Sparkle, Gold Leaf, Iris Dust and Moon Shadow.
(5) Include lots of napkins on the table!
“Our culture made a virtue of living only as extroverts. We discouraged the inner journey, the quest for a center. So we lost our center and have to find it again.” —Anaïs Nin
And realize how to make what I want
Chiang says he wants to make sure the state won’t have to default because that could further damage the state’s credit rating.
Or maybe you've seen my Dandini, darling?
TIME: Starts 12:00pm SHARP. Ends at 3pm. Please be on time.
Luke 9:62 (NIV): “Jesus replied, “No one who puts a hand to the plow and looks back is fit for service in the kingdom of God.”
We recently learned that that appointed (non-elected) members of the Bi-State Bridges Authority voted on and approved a financial plan that includes tolls on existing bridges and infrastructure. The authority members don’t have experience in financing public works projects and made a lot of assumptions in putting together this financing plan, including public acceptance of tolls.
he is a liar, Aefulanus... because he has no teeth!
After an abortion, many women cope through repression and denial. Oftentimes, this "works" for 5, 10, even 20 years, but having children or facing infertility can bring suppressed feelings to light. Before she realizes her pain, suppressed shame and guilt can express themselves in many ways including low self-esteem, insomnia, nightmares, and flashbacks. It is common to turn to alcohol or drugs to numb the ache.
This past weekend I was given (thanks, Bernie!) my third copy of Matthew Kelly's book Rediscovering Catholicism (the other two copies I handed off before I could really get into reading them). I'm only a few chapters into it, but I've already hit quotable material. This excerpt, for example:
Skirts: 1
12And they heard a great voice from heaven saying unto them, Come up hither. And they ascended up to heaven in a cloud; and their enemies beheld them.
It's gonna be epic. Check it out. There are also courses available for a younger crowd.
Yes, I am still using my Avène Gel démaquillant douceur with my Clarisonic. In spite of the fact I like my new Vichy 3 in 1 cleanser I find it difficult to break with old friends.
Ever since I left, I usually go back there at least 2 or 3 times a year but it never seems to be enough.
She also leaves a cat, Mikey.
Late Night Shows
And again, I loved Graham Stuart's reply:
TIME magazine wrote an article called “How Not to Raise a Bully: The Early Roots of Empathy” that I wanted to share here. The article discusses techniques parents can use to help teach empathy to children at an early age. This is a subject I have talked about many times on this website and one I believe we can all take away some learning from.
The need to revitalize NASA’s flight research is urgent, the NRC report’s authors believe. “We need it yesterday, not 10 years from now,” Harris says. “The committee firmly believes flight research is a vital tool to advance aerospace systems, interacting with ground-test analysis and numerical simulation from basic research through to full maturity.”
- Allan Holdsworth - guitar (1, 2, 6, 9)
Designer cupcakes: the perfect way to treat your taste buds to "couture" ;)
There is no shame in calling for help, as long as you use your voice.
This reads like it has come straight out of a Taiwanese manual for an electric toaster or a politician’s manifesto.
What can be said about a game that is considered one of the best indie games in recent years? Not much.
6. Hypnobabies classes are still going really well. In addition to the self-hypnosis tracks we have to practice with at home, I have to listen to a 'joyful pregnancy' affirmations CD everyday, and that has been incredibly helpful. It's basically just 30 minutes of positive thoughts about pregnancy and childbirth that you can repeat in your head. I usually listen to it when I'm taking a bath and it's been great to have that time each day to relax and think only positive thoughts. "Pregnancy is natural, beautiful, and safe"..."My baby is growing and developing perfectly"..."I am confident in my body and my ability to give my baby everything he or she needs"...Slowly but surely, I am really starting to believe these things and it feels really good.
And - I hope - occasionally I'll have a reader or two.
The first set I created for "C", she had made when she was younger. It was larger and on poster board but she wanted a mimic of this creation she had made for/about her grandfather & their farm.
it was bad, one of the worst episodes she has had.
.....he really wanted to talk….and did (even if it's just a few words)
That made me wonder about something else though, there are a pair of geese in each of the three ponds here, but only one goose is nesting. Is it that the other geese are slower to nest, or what’s the deal with them? They appear to be mated pairs the way they act, and maybe the pair in the front pond is getting ready to nest, we’ll have to see. I wouldn’t have thought that there would be several weeks differences in the nesting times for the geese, but maybe there is.
In respect of features, it is a simple app which does simply what it says on the tin. You can listen to music (and choose whether to pause it or lower volume for the voice cues), works whilst the phone is locked (good for battery life), lets you choose which cues you want and can be used by multiple runners. And that about it….
Fear Street series by R.L.Stine
Speaking of the ocean, the waters are dominated by a group of villains called the smokers, lead by a dictator called ‘The Deacon’ a man who believes that everything should be run on oil, that humanities problems are solved through war and devastation.; he believes in ruling over the masses as if they were cattle. His modus operandi is lies and manipulation. All he cares about is finding the mythical dry land, so he can exploit it! He tells the people he receives visions so great, that when he sees them he cries, which is all bullcrap of course. So we get a great villain with The Deacon, as played by the always amusing Dennis Hopper. On this one Hopper is in crazy mode, being evil even to little girls! This is something that’s kind of amusing about this movie, the little girl in the film called Enola (Alone backwards), has a map tattooed to her back, and she’s kind of like the prophesized child or whatever, but everyone treats her like crap! Especially The Deacon who tells her things like “He’ll see what’s left of you in a goddamn jar!” and “How about a cigarette? Nothing like a good smoke when you miss your mom, it’s never too late to start” So we get an amusing villain, one that represents the worst in government. And yeah, this is a film that hits on dictatorships and the dirty nature of politics. The Deacon is a leader who puts on a show, as if he was the peoples savior, but deep down inside all he cares about is using the people to achieve his twisted purposes. He sees dry land as something to be exploited to the max, so at the end of the day, Waterworld is a very environmentalist picture. The villains on this film sail around on an oil tanker called ‘The Exxon Valdez’, an allusion to the Exxon Valdez environmental catastrophe. It seemed to me that the filmmakers behind Waterworld see these oil hungry companies as villains; enemies to the environment who should sink to the darkest levels of hell. The villains in the picture represent a society (much like ours) that’s completely reliant on the black blood of the earth. So Waterworld can be added to this batch of films that begs the powers that be to find and develop a new, cleaner form of energy; one that doesn’t place so much stress on our planet.
It’s funny how “40 acres and a mule” got downgraded to food stamps, Section 8 housing and conservative white (and black) disdain. Where have we gone to in this country when feeding your family — even if with candy bars, sodas and oily potato chips – is an irresponsible and unpatriotic pursuit?
QUOTATIONS from Louis Armstrong:
Luke 10:19 I have given you authority to trample on snakes and scorpions and to overcome all the power of the enemy; nothing will harm you.
By Chris Borreca
Sometimes, someday, they err on the wrong side of a policeman, and end up doing the right thing.
FIRST COURSE Cinnamon Poached Black Grouper, Tomato-Serrano Salsa 'Austin Sunrise' Z Blanco, Paula's Texas Orange, Fresh OJ, House-Made Grenadine
Small time crook Paul Morgan is a bad influence on his brother, Brian. When Paul crosses one thug too many, the cider fuelled duo flee Belfast for Warrenpoint, the sleepy seaside resort of their childhood memories. For Brian a new life in The Point means going straight and falling in love with Rachel while Paul graduates to carjacking by unusual means and ‘borrowing’ firearms from his new boss. Brian can’t help being dragged into his brother’s bungling schemes but Rachel can be violently persuasive herself . . . and she isn’t the only one who wants to see an end to Paul’s criminal career.
is something you can begin today. Model
Them: Ok, can I take that with X and Y medicine?
And threw open the curtains.
First of all Richard Bandler is just a genius; he has a way of talking and drawing you in and changing how you feel about yourself without you even knowing about it! After only a few hours I was sat over lunch wondering why on earth I had had such a bad week and struggling to remember what it was I had been worried about a few days before!
And the balls are bouncing their way, using the baseball formula to determine luck the Reds should only be at .483 and they're at an even 500 outplaying themselves right now.
The new sales potential of eliminating these five major emotional selling weaknesses is 160%. In other words, a salesperson who has been selling $2,000,000 per year who performs an exorcism of these demons will now be selling $3,200,000 of your stuff in the same period. Convince me that’s not pocket change.
I know he likes me, b/c he has hinted many times to dinner or going out in very subtle ways. He is a nice guy and I won’t lie its very convenient to be able to have someone that is in close proximity to come and do things around my apartment that I cannot do. so what I have done to keep from being put in an awkward situation is I pay him something everytime he does something for me , although he demands that I do not give him anything for what he does for me and he will often try to hand me the money back. But I feel if I don’t offer him payment for his services eventually if and when that hammer drops, I can feel comfortable in saying I am not interested in him in that way and that I did not use him or lead him on or have him do all these things for me without me reciprocating in some way knowing he likes me.
Stitched 1 over 1 on 32 ct. Antique White
*Items purchased are NOT refundable!unless it is our fault
“For reasons to be recorded later, the prime minister is found guilty of contempt for wilfully flouting the direction of the Supreme Court,” said Justice Nasir-ul-Mulk.
Stickles, Martha Stewart glitter and white signo pen used for egg decorating
Temperature : 54 C/ 129 F (Normal)
On the term "original application," the CAFC found that the term as used in the statute did not have an "established meaning in patent law." Citing numerous ambiguities in the PTO's documentation and the legislative history, the court could not find anything in the legislative history that makes Congress’s intended meaning of "original application" clear.
There are also other cans available for purchase such as Elm City Lager and Sea Hag IPA. We bought a six pack of the Sea Hag and have been digging it, only drinking the can for special occasions. For example: it’s Monday. Or, for another example: it’s Tuesday.
Entangle you and me
I am dedicating this post to Mr. Trayvon Martin, who was killed in cold blood as he ran from his animalistic race-obsessed attacker, George Zimmerman, in Sanford FL. He had a can of iced tea and some Skittles in his hand and was running screaming the word HELP from his killer when the rental cop shot him down cold for no reason whatsoever.
I am a sucker for love stories and romantic books. I hate admitting it but its true. I believe in true love and soul mates and all that fairy-tale-happily-ever-after-laugh-till-you-die stuff they show in movies and write about in books.
Looks like nine haikus about a dead elephant are more popular than a 1,100 word essay on a three-hour Scandinavian epic. I’m SHOCKED.
Because I know I can only remorse.
Buy the book. You won't regret it.
In Paris on December 21, 1950, Deanna Durbin, shortly after turning 29 years old, married Charles David, the producer-director of both French and American pictures who had guided her through Lady on a Train (1945). Durbin and David raised two children: Jessica (from her second marriage to Felix Jackson) and Peter (from her union with David).
Projection pulls us away from the now. Living in projection, we are sensitive only to the ceaseless press of a Fear-Self: “I must do this”; “I must do that”; “I must find things wrong”; “I must locate potential dangers.” The now, where everything actually happens, is overlooked. We know ourselves and our world only through projection.
having drunk a tonic of the wilderness !
Seeing as this song isn’t ‘positive’ it got me thinking of what my class might think of me. At the moment I don’t think they all like me very much (except my friends) because I tend to speak my mind. I like to say my opinions on things and stand by them.
It gets better. I freak out and call the sheriff's department (as Fallbrook is not a city and so the County Sheriff's Department do the policing). I begin explaining my situation an the dispatcher tell me to stop being ridiculous. She states that they don't serve the military and so what did I want her to do. Ummm... I want you to verify if you've received other complaints. I want you to tell me if you know this to be bogus. I want you to reassure me that I'm not going to go to the grocery store, and return to find that someone is in my closet waiting to rape and kill me because there is no male adult in the house right now.
Friday 09 March: Open day including presentations on the Koeberg nuclear emergency plan, the viability of renewable energy in South Africa, and panel discussions.
I'm sorry that the lyrics are hard to read in this video, but you can just ignore them and listen to the song. :)
heartily, like a man?
4) What a game! I watched the Lehigh v. Duke game on my computer, and it was a classic. Too bad I picked Duke to win.
MISSION: Kuiper Belt Exploration and Prospect Analysis
by her sweet brother
Used Spellbinder's "Twisted Metal Tags & Accents", Labels 16, and Beaded Squares.
Where do I start??? I guess I should start with the re-airing of last week’s episode, where Shane’s death was met by a standing ovation in the dragon household. That however was the last time tonight that Rick’s actions would receive a positive outcome. MANY WTF moments in the season finale. The pimp hand made many appearances and I swore like a sailor. Let me explain…
10:00 – Revenge (ABC): A newly discovered photo of David gives Emily new clues. Meanwhile, Grayson Global undergoes an investigation by the SEC; and the press get hostile in anticipation of Daniel’s expected release.
4. If your boss decided that he would cut funding to every department except his son’s, then rewarded his son for having the ability to make strong presentations, would you find this fair? Or would you be pissed off?
I believe that God places us in situations where we can best do His work. With me being somewhat introverted, I've never been one to witness my beliefs outloud too much. My silent prayers may be the only prayers some of these people receive and I believe this is one of the reasons I am here right now in my life.
11/2 cups milk
The other thing that I hear people say is this… “I can’t have that” or “Weight Watchers doesn’t allow that.” REALLY?
I have been sensing a rise in feminine power lately. I have been dancing with this energy as it surges to see how it is playing out in my life, in the lives of others and how it may express itself through my work later this year. I certainly felt myself shift into alignment with it over my 40th birthday weekend a few days ago and many of you tell me you felt the same. There is a sense of having had enough of playing small or burning out following old out-dated masculine energy (not the same as men themselves) and of needing to explore feminine energy and womanhood (two distinct and different yet interconnected things) in relation to a new form of power emerging in every area of life.
He'd taken some fairly loud criticism during the game for getting caught offside, which he seemed to have taken personally. Sam Hewitt stood there trying to detach himself from events of the previous thirty seconds. After the lord mayor's show of the derby games with Hedge-End we had a pretty underwhelming attendance of what I estimated at two: the injured Kev Willsher and Martyn Barnett's girlfriend. So, Sam can count himself lucky that nobody was present to capture the moment on camera and stick it on YouTube. Not all footballers are as lucky as Sam. Remember Wayne Hatswell? He got himself into a real mess here. Match of the Day pundit and former Arsenal full-back, Lee Dixon, didn't cover himself in glory here.
River, stay ‘way from the door.
Failing that, is there any acceptable way to put people in your own guild on ignore?
For those interested:
The winner of this challenge will win a $10 gift certificate from Digi Doodle Shop where you’ll be spoilt for choice, as there are so many great images to choose from. We will also have 2 runners up who will get a badge to wear on their blogs.
3 Tbsp. butter or margarine
Ingredients For Topping
I don’t know why I made this blog post. I’m not looking for praise. Nothing along that lines. I wanted to acknowledge it, that’s all.
The venom spreading through your soul, holding on to you with a tenacious grip whispering “I’m never letting go” I can see it in your eyes, I can hear it in your voice, your morality has slipped away and your soul has been replaced by coal.
That is my list of 10. Fortunately you can also click on my awards tags and categories and see some of my other lists, too. Why? Because you will of course love the 10 I listed above. You will also love my other recommendations. Why? Every blog I read is just fabulous. So thanks to everyone who works on their blogs and creates another beautiful world. Isn’t it heartwarming to know that somewhere in the world we are each sharing our hearts? Thanks for reading today, and thanks for so much more.
These games below are free, however they can only to be used for classroom and personal use. They may not be published on any websites or other electronic media, or distributed in newsletters, bulletins, or any other form or sold for profit. All graphics/images/clipart etc. used on these games are not my own and are from various internet sources.
With the purchase of SOE Software, meanwhile, SCYTL has increased its involvement in the U.S. elections process. SOE Software boasts a strong U.S. presence, providing results in over 900 jurisdictions.
First of all, I love the implications of discreetness that come out of this. But I also wonder, for the prospective romance writers out there, do you think something like this might affect or influence the kind of novel you write? Will it change at all how you approach your story?
1. Cut strips of cardstock out line them in black pen, and glue them to the base cardstock. Adhere pictures to the top.
These did not turn out to be the crusty sort of rolls one might get at certain chain steakhouses, but they are a wonderful example of the sweet soft dinner rolls you might well get at a restaurant of similar caliber. The recipe itself calls for caramel color powder to create the dark color, but since I had none and had no intention of acquiring any, I opted for a few teaspoons of cocoa powder instead. It seemed to do the trick, as you see.
This giveaway is INTERNATIONAL (YAY! I hear you all cheer). I will choose the winner on August 26 which, incidentally is my birthday! I am changing the end date to September 1st because I have a simultaneous giveaway on Goodreads and there is a small chance one person could win both books. I LOVE my birthday. Because it is near the end of August I spend the ENTIRE month counting it down.
soldiers’ joys,
In the U.S., the justice system has become a machine for enforcing laws. It’s not about defending people from force or fraud, but about imposing the will of the rulers upon the people. Separation of justice and state would end the ability of any government to ride roughshod over the people it allegedly serves.
I often hope that maybe the seizures will go away;
I'm not going to just randomly pick 'favourites' when I don't have any for the month... I have used the exact same products over and over again on my eyes from the January list... so for the first time, there will be no favourites under this section for the month of February.
“The night your father called on Master von Baren, they were alone in the great hall, and a terrible argument raged between them. Your father left, quite angry, muttering about talking to the King. Shortly after, Master von Baren summoned me to make ready his fastest horse. Said he had some pressing matter to tend to, wouldn’t say what, though.”
My lazy behind also needs to try and get ready for the MS Mud Run that is just around the corner. I am trying to convince myself that yes, I might get hurt, but I probably wont die...so it should all be ok.
Prentice has been given until June 15 to pay the fine or face two weeks in prison.
On this tenth anniversary of 9/11, I have been reflecting.
This combination sounds a bit off-the-beaten track but then, it isn't bad after all. Did pair well with white rice. If your taste buds are game for trying out new food, then try this!
Who would deny his blame.
The Second Decade (11-20) by @UcheAnne
Curly haired girls around the world, rejoiced. One of US got the guy! And it was Tom Cruise! Before he went whackadoo! Love that movie.
HF – HFF, Inc.
Let me get this straight: a Mask sequel without Jim Carrey - the main reason the first Mask was successful to begin with. Okay, so I'm sure you have an actor with a face as rubbery and expressive as his... Jamie Kennedy. Okay, okayokayokay, you at least have a story that follows the original comic as closely... Loki (Alan Cumming) wants the mask back Kennedy wears it and gets his wife pregnant, their baby walks, talks acts all cartoony, and the dog tries to kill the baby. You know what, New Line, you're all idiots.
I had a eggs benedict type dish made with smoked haddock, spinach, a perfect runny free range egg and a big blob of rich hollandaise sauce. This sauce looked like it had suffered a bit from waiting too long under a heat lamp but actually the flavour was not affected. I opted for the salad accompaniment. Eggs Benedict is my favourite breakfast and I found this smoked haddock version as equally as pleasing for a lunch.
(at least then).
I do hope this was helpful, as always thanks for reading!
let us remember that You are the true reason for Christmas.
In addition, companies said they struggle to manage the different mobile devices, platforms and operating systems. Half of the companies said defining the return on investment for mobile investments and ensuring data security have been issues of concern. LIMRA has five recommendations for developing a mobile strategy:
Both beers smelled and tasted pretty good having only been fermented since Monday - both had pretty good attenuation. The lager went to 1.012 and the ale to 1.015. We got just under two cases for each, and they're now safely conditioning in a store room until two weeks from today, when we'll crack them open. Keep your fingers crossed.
6/9 San Francisco, CA - Bottom of the Hill
The Girl Who Played With Fire, the second installment in Stieg Larsson’s Millenium trilogy, ditches Niels Arden Oplev, the director of the first installment in the Swedish series, for Daniel Alfredson and while the story is a marked improvement over the drab procedural of the original, Alfredson also trades in some cinematic import for a more TV movie feel. While the story takes up more personal stakes and allows the viewer to enter the head space of Lisbeth Salander, the film’s central heroine, there’s also a lot more needless fat to the story and the kind of sheen that’s more evident on network television. All of the gritty details are left to the story while the film takes a cleaner shine that betrays its gritty details.
and ragged in your idle hands.
Justin Lin’s first film (together with Quentin Lee) shows all the hallmarks of an overly ambitious couple of film school grads on their first project, along with the newborn legacy of another Quentin – Tarantino’s Pulp Fiction has its fingerprints all over Fangs. The film follows several young Asian-American Angelinos as their paths cross during their explorations of – what else – identity and sexuality. Phil thinks he might be turning into a werewolf, or is it merely the side effects of too much testosterone and bad luck with the ladies? Katherine confides in her shrink about her failing marriage and the weird waitress who seems to be stalking her. The waitress, Trinh, makes friends with a lonely young gay man (John Cho, in his first film) and talks endlessly of her love for Katherine.
I think Motherhood is very similar. I learn something new EVERY day!! This comes in all sorts of ways... Sometimes its as easy as Jackson opening his mouth or doing something, perhaps this new bit of knowledge comes from another mom sharing wisdom, or some times its as easy as a bit of self reflecting.
On the High School side many of the nation's elite have yet to run. We are still waiting to see debut's from Lukas Verzbicas and Jim Rosa. It is very likely Joe Rosa is out for the entire season and we are still a bit in the dark on the status of Chelsey Sveinsson. We have seen strong starts from Craig Lutz(TX), Jack Driggs (IL), Ammar Moussa (CA), Elias Gedyon (CA) and Futsum Zeinasellassie (IN). I have been a bit surprised as I thought Zach Wills (OH) would be right there with them but he has faced 2 defeats against top level competition. As of right now, if most rankings were based on races already run (and not waiting for Verzbicas or Rosa) Futsum should be a strong US#1 right now. He has been extremely impressive and narrowly missed Chris Derrick's course record at the Culver Invitational.
I mean yeah, it’s an online blog.
The bounty we have in the pumpkin patch doesn't extend to the melon patch. After having their feet too wet in the spring, all but one watermelon plant survived. And on that one plant, two out of three melons have rotted. We've got lots of hopes pinned on one melon.
As long as a fetus is physically dependent on another human being, you cannot force a human being to give birth or not to give birth. A moral government cannot force abortions (as in China) or make them illegal. Reproductive rights are human rights. For a male-dominated government or organization to take away the rights of its female citizens is a crime.
Don’t hurt yourself’
Meanwhile, two French newspapers this morning are running with stories suggesting that a majority of French citizens think DSK has been the vicitim of a set-up…..but their chosen culprit is Nicolas Sarkozy. The Slog’s New York source concludes:
Such a moment came to me last year when I passed my college algebra I know it is a easy subject but for it is a difficult one because in my first attempt i failed my college algebra. It was really the happiest moment. It appeared that I have won the whole world. Though I had fared well in the examination, yet I was not hopeful of getting a first class. In fact, I was anxious for the result as some of the papers were not up to my expectation. As it was to lay the foundation of my career, it all the more added to my tension. Hence the moment I learn about the result, I was relieved of all my tension. I was satisfied that I can give a proper direction to my career as per my wishes. I first of all thanked God for His kindness. He fulfilled my desires. I was pleased because all my friends have also ranked good marks.
2. I love Peter Pan. It was my favorite movie growing up, and I STILL have dreams that I can fly and go to Neverland. I currently own a video of the stage production of Peter Pan (with Mary Martin cast as Peter Pan), the Disney edition, Finding Neverland, Hook, and the Peter Pan movie that came out in 2003.
Some of them smile, but most of them frown.
The four-and-twenty met at St Mary's Church each Easter and appointed the various parish officers - churchwardens, overseers of the poor, overseers of the highways, and four parish constables. By 1658 the power of the four-and- twenty was so great within the town that it was necessary to obtain an Order in Council from Oliver Cromwell himself to have them removed from office when they disagreed with the Puritan minister at St Mary's, Thomas Weld.
Embutido is a Filipino style of meatloaf. This filipino food dish is one of the favorite filipino dish that my hubby loves to eat. He even consumes the whole wrap of embutido in a single setting. My kids love also the embutido especially with the portion of hard-cooked eggs and sausages.
Speaking to the “International Conference on Islamic Awakening and the Youths,” Ibrahim said that the Egyptian military, so as not to lose its clout, would never allow the Brotherhood to write the constitution or even form a constituent assembly to write the constitution.
We will be taking her back I am sure!
that category and to them I say thank you for stopping
Some of which we follow-through.
Begin by adding three tablespoon of oil to a large skillet. Heat on medium to high heat then add in your chicken thighs. Cook for about 6 minutes per side, or until it is fully cooked. Remove and set them on a plate. Add in the onions, garlic, black beans, serrano chilies, green chilis, corn, cumin, and salt and pepper, and mix well. Add a bit of water, and cook on medium to low heat until the onions are tender, and the corn and beans are heated through.
Mum doesn't have a computer, so I am not spoiling the surprise for her by showing you early! I wanted to share with you a great gift to give that "hard to buy for" person in your life, made especially with them in mind.
“It’s more than likely that the gas exploded and blew it’s own fire out,” said Arik, “but it is equally likely that there is a gas build up now, and so any spark can touch it off again!”
Despite that, the three extremely smart and extremely patient men managed to say some interesting things about steampunk as a genre, ethos and lifestyle choice. Mieville’s definition was two words: Fantastical Victoriana. Gibson’s is a little longer: Technologically driven alternative history.
I did manage, in between the shaking, sweating and cursing, to take a few photos of Landmark Tower and a small amusement park for kids on the water.
Their boutique enterprise is flourishing as more singles become disenchanted with online dating services. They also serve a particular niche market: Busy, well-educated professional men and women who have little time to socialize.
- All the normal panic and stress that you would expect with the culmination of a collection, although surprisingly I did feel more organized this time round as I was more familiar with the VFS team and their set-up.
“Who’s there?” she repeated. As she waited for an answer, human shape separated from the rock.
BF: Yes. And it was taken on board a ship which went into international waters. According to two witnesses, senator Jay Rockefeller showed up and tried to break into the meeting – and he was physically ejected.
Considering the average age of the world’s population is increasing and the numbers of yearly strokes, I am a little surprised this story is not receiving much attention. Neuroscientists discover key protein responsible for controlling nerve cell protection
(I don't like people to see me cry. If they saw me cry, I'd have to explain WHY I was crying and truly, no one would understand what I just said. To them making a movie is just making a movie. They have no idea that it meant I'd be over here until 6pm last night - back at 9:30 after the movie rendered and back here at 6 am this morning. In fact, I'm typing this right now as I babysit the rendering process. )
Finally, it is a way of letting your dark side show, and let’s face it, we all have one. It keeps things interesting and sometimes, it’s the reveal of those depths that drive the deeper connections. That – and it probably drives better music collections, too.
And since it's Thursday I'll leave you with a thought...
Wake by Amanda Hocking
After we finished blowing up the inner tubes and getting all our snow gear, we (finally) headed off to the mountains. It had snowed a crap-ton up there and it was cold, really really cold. Like 15 degrees (F not C -- which are both bogus units of measure by the way, but that is neither here nor there).
Thanks for riding with me. Still have many places to go on this journey!
RADNET readers please note that while hundreds of locations involved in weapons production are now the subject of the U.S. DOE Environmental Management Program involving remediation of radioactive contamination, the DOE only lists 4 sites as containing high-level wastes. In reference to the missing military high-level wastes mentioned in this section of RADNET, what percentage of the sites listed in this publication undergoing DOE cleanup efforts contain small additional amounts of missing high-level wastes?
Chilli paste, 3 tablespoons
The horrors reality holds
Israel wanted Obama to give Iran a red line not to cross. I would argue he did. “I made a commitment to the American people, and said that we would use all elements of American power to pressure Iran and prevent it from acquiring a nuclear weapon.” That isn’t what Netanyahu wants to hear. As Noah Pollak incisively tweeted — yes, yes, snicker to yourselves, but he’s right — the Israelis want Iran not to be able to produce a nuclear weapon. Obama did not liquidate the disagreement.
These two things that can be measured have a shape on the Cartesian graph. Each frequency is a coordinate on the graph, multiple frequencies = multiple graph coordinates = a pattern to match.
The gameplay mechanics seem solid but pretty standard for a third person shooter. Certainly not a bad thing, but what this game is trying to elevate is the story line. Now I know I’ve highlighted this aspect before in another shooter that will remain nameless (*cough*Homefront*cough*), but what I played in the demo was pretty compelling. Plus, the environment and setting you’re pushing through is really unique. Instead of stomping through nameless Middle Eastern locations or war-torn neighborhoods, you’re actually navigating through a sandstorm destroyed Dubai. Yager has done a great job bringing this once extravagant city to life and then destroying it with sand. You’ll be rappelling down the sides of massive buildings, fighting it out in a fallen plane, and even moving through collapsed buildings.
5. Trying to publish keeps you honest. It keeps you writing, it keeps you rereading your work to understand why it wasn't accepted, it keeps you humble, it keeps you hungry. I think writers who don't attempt to publish their work can very easily become complacent and many cease to improve.
The seeds you sowed
However, following the picture’s publication on anti-racist online blog “Hope Not Hate” Wirral’s BNP spokesman dismissed Mr Killen’s actions as “pranks” and insisted that he has since matured.
On the other hand, Emma and Tessa opted for a more traditional Easter celebration. They got to spend several hours stuffing themselves on the lawn; treasure hunting and savoring the never-before-grazed Spring delicacies...
I’ve always taken the view that social networking is a great way to raise one’s profile, because it is free. Some books have huge marketing budgets to help them into bookshop windows or onto supermarket shelves, or Waterstone’s 3 for 2 table. Mine does not. So if there’s anything I can do to help, I do it.
Gentlemen, although we are like ignorant children in the knowledge of the Transcendence, still His Divine Grace, my Gurudeva, has kindled a small fire within us to dissipate the invincible darkness of empirical knowledge. We are now so much on the safe side that no amount of philosophical argument by the empiric schools of thought can deviate us an inch from the position of our eternal dependence on the lotus feet of His Divine Grace. Furthermore, we are prepared to challenge the most erudite scholars of the Māyāvāda school and prove that the Personality of Godhead and His transcendental sports in Goloka alone constitute the sublime information of the Vedas. There are explicit indications of this in the Chāndogya Upaniṣad (8.13.1):
So far, this is reminding me of a combination of the Duke "rape" and the Atlanta Olympics Security Guard "bomber" cases.
Release the beliefs that hold you back, and you will see what you really are – an innocent kitten who is blameless and who just wants to grow up to her full potential.
What!? Is this not somewhat disturbing? To the best of my knowledge (and I am not going to perform a Google Search on this), nipples should not be square in shape, nor have lines in order for them to be easily snapped off at regular intervals. Odd. Sadly, this is not the most disturbing food-breast reference in the book. On page 29, Dolores' father sees fit to call her budding breasts "walnuts" and tweak them whilst swimming. Disgusting. And, as with any "coming of age" type book, we are presented with numerous descriptions of masturbation and romance novels.
Linking, bookmarking, blogging, referring, clicking, friending, connecting, subscribing, submitting inquiry forms and buying are all engagement measures at various points in the customer relationship.[2]
Backup and recovery
I'm still working on my hourly intake of caffeine and am a little behind this morning. In just about everything...
I pray thee
Backpack: Fjallraven (ModCloth)
Now I fail to see how Ms Bardot, who also received a two month suspended prison sentence, can be charged with inciting racial hatred. She was attacking the Cult of the Dead Paedophile over the way millions of sheep are slaughtered in France every year at the Moslem celebration of Aid el-Kebir. And the last I heard, the cancer of Islam was a pretend religion, not a race.
Ask yourself often, How may I perform this particular deed
Whereas in the first book Truth could only confront Jonathan with people who were alive at the time Truth can now raise the bar and put Jonathan through a whole other level of embarrassment and misery including meeting his battleaxe of a mother and being forced to attend a conference made up of versions of him from all the other alternate realities. All to a good end of course.
So let's have a drink to 100 blog posts:).
Volunteers for the SinC booth are needed during all of these times.
You have never heard anybody insist on open borders?
Originally published Nov. 24, 2006.
Mr Blair was first elected as a member of parliament for Sedgefield in 1983, when he was 30. He, apparently, told Michael Foot he was a Marxist and when he stood for his first election he said he wanted Britain to leave the EEC, wanted unilateral disarmament and so on, and so on - there are so many things Mr Blair has said, and later changed his mind - it's something we all do.
Toast kept trying to talk to me, I did not want to talk to him, finally, I told him to go read my post and leave me alone. After reading it, he started telling me that he thought Jen would come over here and talk to me, if he were to call her and tell her that I needed her. My thought was no she wouldnt, she has kids, no matter how much she loves me, her kids will always come 1st (which is how it should be, but at the time, in all of my irrationality, that did not matter to me, I felt abandoned, and unloved because she was not here for me).
This week it's
Jackie is out of rehab early. I was wondering if this meant a relapse, but not yet. She had a small opportunity to get more drugs. She decided to grass up the supplier instead, the big grass. She now has feelings again, I’m sure this will lead to more potential relapse situations. We’re currently getting less Akalitus who had been getting some forced situations last year which didn’t fit much with the rest of the story. Fitch also wasn’t in it much, but was funny when he was (his “spriiing breeeaaakk” moment was great). That guy needs a decent story again. I’m also liking the new guy Dr Cruz. So far the season is back on form.
Thank you for your time, understanding and prayers, if you're so inclined.
About the same time, people saw bulldozers at work on the neighbour's property...on the unregistered bit. They were laying access roads and levelling out a building plot.
Nope. Carolyn Petit, an experienced GameSpot enthusiast in both reading and editing, said that despite some grotesque character designs, the game had tedious combat, terrible boss battles, a generally underdeveloped world, a distractedly unstable camera, and a number of tech problems of minor level. She gave the game 4 merits overall: Brutal (the good), Shallow, Bad Camera, and Derivative (the bad). Petit wrapped up her review with a 3/10 score, a “bad” on the scale. After this cold review, Bloodforge found no luck at IGN, either. Steven Hopper, a level-four editor, praised the game’s visuals and graphics, but criticism got the better of him for numerous reasons: an awful camera, a shallow story, derivative gameplay, and bringing nothing unique and/or innovative to the table to yak up. Hopper said that the game was a bad competitor against series like God of War or Darksiders, and considering the Arcade’s other chockful of prime experiences, it was hard to recommend Bloodforge to anyone, anywhere, anywho. He gave the game a 4/10 score, another “bad” on the meter. Joystiq handed out yet another 3/5-star score, saying that it would be more difficult to confront as a full-priced standalone, and that its action would be tiresome lasting any longer than its campaign, clocking in at a rough five hours’ worth. Attempt to play this game as thoughtfully as Microsoft developed it, you’ll come out disappointed. Attempt to play it whilst accepting it as a button-masher, and you’ll come out guiltily pleased. So overall, Bloodforge might offer a small portion, but all-around, it looks like you should skip this opportunity.
Personally, I find it useful to keep in mind that no one is perfect and that every individual has issues to deal with. Another suggestion is to think of a time when you may have caused harm to someone else. Learning to accept people’s shortcomings and understanding that the majority of people in the world are innately good can help as well.
Going forwards this rule change is likely to be retained; further reducing the special qualifying set ups that the FIA have spent the last ten years restricting. It seems now there is very little the teams can do to alter the car between a qualifying and race set up.
A couple of years ago I came across a film called 'Pulgasari'. There is a Wikipedia article on it here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pulgasari, but in a nutshell it's a Japanese-style monster movie made in North Korea in 1985, using a kidnapped South Korean film-director. As Kaiju movies go it's actually pretty good; certainly better than some of the Godzilla movies of the 1970s (not that being better than them is that difficult). We ran it by our South Korean exchange student last year, and he enjoyed it - it was certainly good enough to while away part of a slow Sunday afternoon.
Ava Mae has enjoyed her after-school soccer program at Timothy for the last few weeks. They have asked her, and one of her best friends, to play soccer this fall on a team. So, it is soccer camp for Ava Mae in June. Ava Mae has wanted to play soccer with her best friend for a very long time - so this is a dream come true for her. She also wants to do ballet camp... we will have to see if that can get worked into our schedule.
It had to work.
I recall crouching by the bed staring at her beautiful face
Crows are very social and live in a tight-nit family. A bunch of crows is called a “murder of crows,” which is stupid. I was a bit shocked to hear that they are very susceptible to the West Nile Virus and the disease has wiped out about 45% of the American crows since 1999. That is a lot. But, why doesn’t anyone seem to be alarmed?
In April, state and federal officials filed lawsuits in Federal District Court accusing Guide Corporation of multiple violations of the Federal Clean Water Act. Eight days later, the City of Anderson filed suit and, on June 14, a group of citizens with property along the White River filed a class action lawsuit.
Calisto has no doubt Kate is the reincarnation of his lost love, but the Fraternidad Del Fuego Santo has a new watcher with dark ambitions of his own. As old enemies reemerge and a new threat arises, the betrayal that enslaved Calisto to the night might destroy the only woman he’s ever loved again.
“And?”
Paired with Terlato Family Vineyards Pinot Grigio, Russian River Valley, 2010
Re-Animator is a comedic romp through sex and gore that keeps going until the very end credits. Just about every body part and character is splattered on a wall, and each time it gets funnier and funnier.
One thing that I learned from ma is to let go. She never held us captive, emotionally or physically. She also gave us power to discern.
His arrogance in ridiculing your screen name is quite telling indeed. The ironic thing is the method by which he did it: he employed anti-anti-semitism and said TANSTAAFL sounds like a “Neo-Nazi moniker.” Classic. Shut off all rational debate by accusing the other side of being a Nazi before you even get to writing. Thus, he behaved in the exact same illogical manner that he ascribes to his liberal enemies. Auster says anti-semites see the world through a one-issue lens. He does the same thing: through the lens of anti-anti-semitism.
4. Okay, so there was this one scene...
Clearly my thoughts are not fully developed here. These are only intuitions or general directions for thinking the ethical. However, two things come to mind in connection to these thoughts. First, in relation to Marxism, I think we need something like an “eco-Marxism”. Marx speaks of humans as the only being whose species-being consists in giving form to matter. As a consequence, the world, for Marx, functions according to the similar/dissimilar schema, insofar as all of the world becomes a sort of tapestry that takes on form according the activity of human labor. Not only, I think, is this a highly inaccurate view of species other than the human, but it leads to a sort of political view where the sole question is one of human emancipation through unleashing the forces of production. Here “nature” gets the short end of the stick as it is merely a reserve of matter (in the Aristotlean sense of that which passively receives form) laying in wait for human formation. Eco-Marxism would not only raise the question of the emancipation of nonhuman objects, but would also take into account the bi-laterality of human-nonhuman-object relations such that humans don’t merely give form to nonhuman-object relations. Rather than a unilateral relation between human labor and nonhuman objects functioning as passive matters for humans to imbue with form, a flat ethics and politics would also be attentive to the manner in which nonhuman objects also give form to humans and social relations. As such, it would reject the thesis that human arrangements are merely a matter of social (i.e., human) relations.
and a smile was smiled at the thought it was sent
Childcare will be available at Bethel from 9:30-11:45 am. In order to use our childcare, you must have filled out a childcare registration form for your children. Contact Tina Allamong at hbic1981@yahoo.com to be sure. Babies are welcome to join you.
5 Robot Okashi 4:52
360In sad similitude of griefs to mine,
Other: ribbon and brad pack and pearls
We met our group and, armed with torches and dousing ourselves with insect repellent, off we went into the night.
Phase 2 -Power KB Snatches 50 reps in 5 minutes
We look forward to visiting you all again to see your entries using this week's colours.
Jean Rae Baxter was there as a guest author, reading snippets from her stories and book, and I was interested enough to pick up a copy of her first short story collection, “A Twist of Malice”, and read one of the stories in full on the bus home. She was great answering questions, and had good points to make, although I’m not sure I’m with her 100% about not ever drawing from characters in literature/film/television when devising characters from your own writing.
As mentioned yesterday, this is the last Follow Friday blog hop until March 2nd. After that, Follow Friday will happen the first Friday of every month. I want to make sure everyone has time to check out the other blogs as 100+ of you have linked up each week!
I know that is what the cowardly communists would prefer.
I have to start with a trip to Wal Mart that I made while using WIC checks a few months ago. Now if you have used WIC, you know how specific the items are on each check. So, I brought up my usual WIC items - you know, the ones I buy EVERY SINGLE TIME. Yeah, well the cashier was uncertain if the items were the correct ones, so she made 2 separate trips to the customer service counter, leaving me hanging with child in cart for about 5 minutes EACH time. Not to mention, that when I was told I had to get a different brand peanut butter two different times (even though I had bought the same peanut butter a zillion times before), I had to truck across the football sized store to get a new jar.
3) In a pan, pour the milk, cream and add the egg yolks and sugar. Slice the vanilla pod length ways and remove the seeds with the tip of the knife and add to the mixture. Whisk them together before adding the pan to a medium low heat for 3mins, whisking constantly. Drain the sultanas and pour the drained dessert wine into the milky mixture and leave to cool down.
Let me just start by saying that Key West, Florida is a big HELL different than our recent locale of Destin (which more than ever now holds a place of scorn in my heart). Had we only seen Destin and then left Florida, I don’t think either I or Handsome Husband would ever return. Howsomever, we trekked our way down here to Key West, and we’re thrilled with this place! We have happy smiles on our faces, well, all the time!
Card Review: 8.0 The first few score designs all had really nice backs. The front of this card leaves a lot to be desired. I don't like photos taken on rainy days, and the green border doesn't mesh with the blue uniforms.
11 Have you ever discarded food, only to retrieve and eat it later?
T1. Christian Cavaliere (S), Chris Malisse (S) 38; 2. Mike Estrada (S) 40; T3. Ray Grossman (S) Dan Rudolf (S) 45; 4. James McQuade (Bc) 47; 5. Chris Sbarra (Bc) 48; 6. Bill Flamholtz (Bc) 54; T7. Tom Zehner (Bc), Mark Murphy (Bc) 57.
What part of our lives doesn’t social media touch? As the saying goes, your mileage may vary.
Off-field/on-field
Launched back in 2003, and landing on January 25th 2004, Opportunity had an operational expectation of 90 sols (a sol being a Martial day, which is a bit over 24 hours and 39 minutes). That’s 92.2 Earth days. Today marks day 2922. In that time it’s covered 34.4 km.
*Unless there’s something really interesting worth sharing
“Let us discuss,” — Vladimir started, — “what is required to be mastered, for a person sufficiently developed in the intellectual and ethical aspects, in order to attain the fullness of the Perfection?
It’s also a game that everybody can play…courts are not expensive to book, and you can get racquets for pretty cheap if need be…and you don’t need any other special equipment. If you’ve never played, give it a go.
Nicholson is one of many players thriving in Mike London’s defensive scheme that is ranked 28th in the nation for points allowed per game(20.1). Led by junior LB Steve Greer, who has 94 tackles on the season, the Cavs have used speed and athletisim to mess with the opposing QB especially in the red zone. Another bright spot for UVA has been the play of QB Mike Rocco and RB Perry Jones who have each provided sparks when their team needs them most. Look for Jones to have a tough day going against a Hokies defense that has allowed and average of 3
Spring marches across the fields and lawns and through the woods, marching to its own beat. Dandelions spring up, birds flock to the budding branches, and flowers sprout color across the landscapes. As I journey from here to there, I look for these steps in the seasons. Below are just a few photographs of the flowers that I’ve enjoyed recently.
TOMORROW: social commerce is expected to grow (forecasted $30 billion in 2015). The role of social media will continue to grow in the world of online shopping and beyond. From online to offline: the social aspects of the web will improve shopping experience in-store.
There are those who will tell you that human existence is about obtaining happiness. These people will argue that catching a fish makes a fisherman happy, making music, makes a musician happy and even goths are most happy when in a state of supposed despondency. There is truth in that, the Pursuit of Happiness is enshrined as an inalienable right of man in the US Declaration of Independence, and Hedonism can be traced back over 4000 years to Ancient Egypt with the lines, “Follow your desire as long as you shall live/ fulfill your needs upon earth, after the command of your heart/ behold, it is not given for man to take his property with him/ behold, there is not one who departs who comes back again.”
So he got ready for bed.
Finals, please release me
7/2) The normal physics solution for this week...will be oral...but right now it's too loud to make the video...so I'm going to post it in the morning, so check back in the morning for the video. :)
Pulling me close,
The tracing paper shrinks from the chemicals and heat, so we have to make adjustments.
JULY Min Temp 12.6 low High temp 35.9 rainfall 61.2mm over 4 days
Mr 6 actually ran this year rather than chatting to his mates the whole way! Not sure where he finished, but he stumbled in with a smile on his face somewhere in the first 15 runners.
Literature is a filled with stories of unfulfilled potential and it must be very easy to overstate the case with so little to go on; how many actors have been hailed as potential masters of the craft on the back of a few okay films, good looks and a pharmacological mistake? This isn't a perfect collection, some of the stories are definitely better than others, but the best of them really are utterly brilliant and the collection as a whole has a sense of something so genuine, something rooted in the West Virginian landscape that shapes them, that they deserve to be protected with some kind of official stamp, something like the PDO (Protected Designation of Origin) that lets you know that your Prosciutto is the real deal.
Finally, Ma'ariv published a first-person perspective of the week's campaign and an overview of the Democratic candidates' performance thus far, by Tal Shneider, with the title "Obama's Momentum." She describes walking through the University of Maryland to the sports stadium for an Obama rally. At the stadium which is "packed from the first row right out the exits," she describes a crowd cheering, chanting Sen. Obama's name
I would also like to explain that this neglect was not a result of a lack of appreciation for you, dear reader, nor was it a result of a lack of enthusiasm for the subject matter. To connect so quickly with savvy, talented, and funny fellow bloggers while sharing my true passion is an awesome experience, one that I hope continues.
The 13 to Life series is the only series I read now that has anything to do with werewolves. It’s just so good! I haven’t read the fourth book yet but I will soon. The first two books are visiting my aunt at the moment.
1 c. whole wheat flour + 1/2 c. all purpose (we used 1/2 c. of red fife, spelt, and all purpose)
Mary Georges, Manchester (18 Blodget Street) – I believe that this is the Pastor Mary Georges.
In fact, a great deal of new music will be performed in town this week. Pianist Peter Serkin will play contemporary composers plus Big Beethoven at the Wisconsin Union Theater; NEW MUSE will hold a one-day FREE festival on Saturday with many works by new composers. And even the UW Wind Ensemble and Madrigal Singers will feature the work of local composers John Stevens and Jerry Hui.
The winner will be chosen at random from a magical hat. ;) This giveaway will end on Friday, February 3rd. Please leave a way for me to contact you, in case you are the winner! This giveaway is open to my International friends, too. Thank you in advance for entering!
My inspiration is Mrs. Grace Adkins who started our learning lab. She is over 80 and has been here for almost the 40 years of Westwood. She rides her bike an hour a day. She is amazingly productive, sharp minded, and is probably the only other person here who has read the World is Flat. She came to me before she even knew we were in the book and asked if I'd read it!
The furnace broke. This was completely unforeseen and meant that it was 38 degrees in the house tonight when hubby got home. He called me at work asking for the number for our oil place- which I gave to him without even trying to figure out what was wrong. He called them, they came, they fixed it and the house is starting to warm up (at last glance the thermostat said 49...thank goodness for lots of extra comforters, warm slippers and sweaters. All that's left is to deal with the bill when it comes in. A new furnace is at the top of the list of home improvements once the weather is nice enough that we don't need the heat on every day.
4. The Swirlies - Sleepytime
Frendsa danced in a frenzy
With Emanuel, K.A.: “Sea-Air Transfer in Tropical Cyclones,” Proceedings of the International Union of Geodesy and Geophysics, Sapora, Japan, July 1, 2003.
And yet somehow along the way, this is not enough, for some of us. We feel guilty if the kids have McDonalds or Hungry Jacks and feel the need to quickly say how the day before they had home made organic yogurt with fresh made granola followed by apples and strawberries picked from the garden.
While there has been no concrete evidence, Al-Qaeda is also believed to have infiltrated northern Nigeria, taking advantage of the large Muslim population there, as well as their disaffection with the Nigerian central government. While we are all familiar with the underwear bomber, Umar Farouk Al Mutallab, and his attempt to bring down an airliner over Detroit on Christmas Eve in 2008, Al-Qaeda-influenced ideology has been growing in Nigeria for over a decade. A former Nigerian Police Chief, Mike Okiro, was among the first to publicly raise alarms over Al-Qaeda’s activities in the country when he claimed that Al-Qaeda planned to launch an attack using time bombs on Nigerian soil. While the Nigerian state security services (SSS) over the past few years made dozens of arrests of suspected Al-Qaeda linked militants in the country though no one was convicted. However, the threat of Al-Qaeda is more evident in its influence towards groups that share a similar ideology. Boko Haram, the most notorious of these groups shares a similar ideology with Al-Qaeda, and has killed hundreds of people in the north over the past few years. Therefore, even if Bin Laden was not directly involved in Nigeria, his influence, and his ideology gained traction in some quarters.
Electromagnetic radio waves from an RFID tag give up data to an electronic reader. The data can include registration, insurance and emissions information, along with make, model and color of the vehicle.
His big thick masculine hand gently clutched her delicate diminutive hand escorting her to an awaiting suite on the 30th floor.
But, unfortunately, my mom caught the same thing we had. She started feeling a little rough on Sunday and now she's where we were last Wednesday. I feel awful that she caught it. We've been careful with washing hands and everything, but if the boys are carrying it and you're around them--you will catch it, apparently. Poor Mamaw. :(
Winery: Barefoot Cellars
Never in my wildest dreams did I think that this would become a canning blog, but I guess for the month of October, it has. I have always dabbled with a few jars of salsa from the garden tomatoes and made many attempts at pickles that just didn't quite do it for me, but I have never considered myself the kind of cook that straps on an apron and sets in to fill the pantry for winter.
That was the treatment meted-out to people on Death Row.
Female circumcision in children, referred to as female genital mutilation in U.S. legal statutes, is a felony-level child abuse crime. Mayo Clinic strongly opposes the procedure and it has never been performed at any Mayo Clinic facility. Thank goodness he's been banished, and he should also have his medical license and credentials revoked, which is just what this petition calls for too.
The papers are from a paper block from the Action and I only added a ribbon and big flower, because there was already so much going on on the card in my opinion...
While at the gallery, please look for Silent No Longer which took an Honorable Mention in "Earth" the special themed show running concurrently at the Art League Gallery this month. I am particularly pleased that this painting received an award in this show because it seems especially appropriate. The painting is of a brook flowing through the salt marsh at the Rachel Carson National Wildlife Refuge in Wells, Maine and its title is a tribute to Ms. Carson and her book "Silent Spring." Due to her research and writing on the harmful effects of DDT on wildlife and the subsequent legislation banning its use, our springs are NOT silent. Can you imagine the birds filling the early morning air with their twittering and trills as they greet the rising sun?
We loaded everything and everyone into the car and headed to our good friend Tanya's house for some expert palates. Jesse set up the deep fryer outside (it's never allowed in the house) and worked away at double-frying them.
Put it on a medium heat and cook for at least 10 minutes, stir with the wooden spoon.Let it come to a nice " rolling boil" as they call it.You will recognise what they mean by it when you see it.The boiling masse will boil and boil and rise slightly.That is why you need a big pan by the way.
Not really! For me, the thing that ends up coming in last place is free time alone. Now and again, Alex will go out to meet a friend, while I'll stay home, have a glass of wine and read magazines; or I'll sneak out at night while he's home and get a pedicure, but overall free time by myself is pretty rare. That's ok for me, though. I'm kind of a pack animal anyway.
1/2 c. Parmesan cheese, grated
It appears that another season is done with no wins against his major competition. And with yet another trio of major championships on tap for 2011, 2012 & 2013, the window on Powell’s career is rapidly closing. In 2005, there were those that took it for granted that he would have triple gold at this point – not the two bronzes and 5th that he picked up. There is no doubt that he is fast. But he and his people are going to have to get him tougher and more resilient if there is any hope that he will make his way to the top of the podium. Bolt and Gay are still young, and there are youngsters like Walter Dix and Yohan Blake that are going through that process of taking their lumps as we speak – and getting tougher and hungry. The road ahead is not getting any easier.
And much to my amazement, IT WORKED!!! This bodice fits me like a glove, and the only thing that I'm going to have to change is to add an inch or two to the length of the torso, but since I am quite tall by Victorian standards, this is something that I always have to do when working from period patterns. I haven't decided yet if I'm going to cut tabs into the bottom of the bodice like my inspiration pic or just leave it plain like this, but I am thrilled to finally have a good bodice pattern to work with so I can start cutting out my real fabric.
Lord, create in us clean hearts.
can of black beans, drained and rinsed
I felt all hot and sweaty.
So yesterday was a little surreal, after spending most of the afternoon on a downer fulled sewing spree, it was games night with the neighbors. Normally this involves poker, occasionally someone comes up with a pretty random idea – this time it was a card game called “Magic, the gathering.” 4/6 of us were boys who had played pokemon card games before and had some idea of what they were doing, me and the other lovely lady in the room were completely lost! After loosing spectacularly 2 games in a row to James, and still none the wiser at how to actually play, I came to the conclusion that as a random mix up once in a blue moon, it is ok, but for the rest of the years Friday nights, I’d rather play poker! I called it a night about 10.30 while James seemed to be enjoying it a lot more than me and came in at 3am! So I can see him popping next door to play it a lot more than me!
I'd take my eyes off my watch, and watch with my eyes.
'Tis a gift to be simple, 'tis a gift to be free,
I don't usually wear lipstick because I tend to lick it all off rather quickly but these photos make me think I should wear it more often.
Before her mother died, Cate promised to protect her sisters. But with only six months left to choose between marriage and the Sisterhood, she might not be able to keep her word . . . especially after she finds her mother’s diary, uncovering a secret that could spell her family’s destruction. Desperate to find alternatives to their fate, Cate starts scouring banned books and questioning rebellious new friends, all while juggling tea parties, shocking marriage proposals, and a forbidden romance with the completely unsuitable Finn Belastra.
Wild Bill Hickok’s name has been linked to Calamity Jane, but his wife’s name was Agnes Thatcher Lake.
I have just started compiling my wish list (because my mom said I HAD to and regardless of how old I am, if momma speaks, you listen. If she demands a wish list, you make one!)
Just a quick reminder, if you are entering a card for someone who is 16 and under, please use their name and put their age in brackets after.
The second challenge over at "A Blog Named Hero has been set and this time its "Window Cards". I have had a lot of fun making this card as it has used a few different techniques.
“But I will say the fight isn't over by a long shot, and I think the Independent's readers need to understand that this isn't the end of the line at all. They still have to get their temporary aquifer designation permit reviewed with the New Mexico Environment Department. We're going to challenge that as far as we can take it,” Jantz said.
The amount of training required to become a court reporter varies, based on what you choose to specialize in, although you should typically expect to study for between one and two years. Licensing requirements for the position vary by state, although most states require applicants to pass some form of a test; some states also stipulate that court reporters are qualified as notary publics as well. In some states, you will also have to pass a test to obtain the certified court reporter designation after your name. Voluntary certification is offered by several associations, including the US Court Reporters Association. Court reporter schools include the following options:
Many years ago, when I was a young Sergeant in the SA Police stationed at head office Wachthuis in Pretoria, the man in charge of our department, a wise grey Colonel nearing pension-age, asked me for a lift home. I felt most honoured to oblige, but also nervous as my old faithful rusty Ford did not have the appearance of a reliable vehicle.
Picking up the trod down into Mearly Clough, I had a strong descent into the stream bed and was soon plodding up the steep slope to the Scout Cairn on the other side. The next time check I had in my head was at the stone stile on the Big End and I resolved not to look at my watch until I got there. I therefore concentrated on running the fast section from the cairn, past the ‘bus shelter’ and along the good path beyond the cross wall as strongly as possible without checking progress on the watch. Good self-discipline eh?
Volume 16, released earlier this month, starts in Tokyo, where a foreigner called Judy is planning to get married to a Japanese lad. His family, and especially his grandfather, is opposed. Basically, the whole volume traces an arc towards her final acceptance by his family. But the clever bit is that the story echoes the relationship between Rita and Masataka Taketsuru, the founder of the Nikka whisky (of which more here). Taketsuru's marriage to Rita, a Scottish woman, was at first not welcomed by his family (or her's) but they lived out their lives together in Japan. The story of Rita and Masataka is introduced near the end of the manga and resonates with the modern couple's experience.
Douglas Adams
BLEND until combined and add remaining egg
I have recently began using my discover card to help with purchases needed for my online business since it takes a few days to get paid. I love that I can use it at Sam’s Club and other places I shop to increase my profits! Only thing I would suggest because I’m using it a lot more than before, is the ability to make payments daily (immediate availability would be even better)! I love my Discover Cashback Card, especially because their Customer Service is amazing as well! This was my first credit card and by far MY FAVORITE!!!
“Yes. It falls far to the south in the ‘Night Point’.”
While finally after two years of using my friends and hot spots to get online, I have internet at my house. I have been working on getting the connection to work for the since Thursday morning. I have learned that AT&T's customer service sucks. It is one of those times you get the feeling that you know more then the person who is suppose be helping you. I am glad that my mentor used to work work the phone company and knows how to get things working and who to call when he does not know.
I've been really into shrimp lately, especially the recipe I found for "Zippy Summer Shrimp" on AllRecipes.com which is presented below as part of a take-off on cole slaw. This is similar to those slaws with ramen noodles except without the ramen. Perfect for a hot summer night!
When it comes to lugwork, there is no shortage of details to get obsessed about, and the topic can provide hours of impassioned discussion to those who feel strongly about one design over another. Crazy? Maybe so, but also beautiful... like the seat cluster on my Royal H. frame that will (hopefully very soon now) emerge as a fully built bicycle.
Lots of ingredients for these!
Suzanne
How appropriate is it, that the last photo, of the doggie, has a DOG HAIR on it? Those pugs, they sure shed a lot ;-)
Table 1 shows the Gini coefficients for the total sample sizes and for the top 100 grossing films in each country. It is clear that the distribution of grosses in each country is very unequal, with the vast majority of the gross accumulated by a small number of films. The UK is more unequal than the continental countries. The highest grossing film in the UK in 2011 – Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows (Part Two) – grossed $117.23 million, accounting for 6.4% of the total accumulated gross. However, this was not the most dominant film in any of these countries: in France the highest grossing film was Intouchables, grossing $116.13 million and accounting for 9.5% of the total accumulated gross. Nonetheless, the overall distribution of the other four countries are less unequal, indicating that the UK box office tends to have fewer mid-range films. For example, it appears from the Lorenz curves in Figures 1 through 5 below that the comparatively high value of G for the UK is the result of the larger number of very, very low grossing films in the UK that are not present in the other countries and the very rapid shift to very high grossing films at the top end of the distribution. This is not present in Germany (Figure 2) or Italy (Figure 3), for example, which show much smoother transitions from the lowest to the highest grossing films.
* Link to the person that tagged you.
grits/cornmeal/polenta
We’ve been touring Flora Slosson Wuellner’s Prayer and Our Bodies last week and this week, looking for insights to encourage our pursuit of holistic body theology. Just as body theology is about not only our own bodies but also what we do with them in the world, so Wuellner’s book encourages prayer not only with our own bodies but also with our community body. She writes, “The nurture, inclusiveness, and sensitivity which we try to bring to our own bodies is precisely the same nurture, inclusiveness, and sensitivity we are asked to bring to our community body.”
Alas, napping is a weekend luxury. This weekend, my plans changed at the last minute, and I found myself with a little extra time on my hands. What to do, I wondered. So I decided to take a nap.
Promoted by Graham Jones on behalf of Adrian Owens, both of 72c New Court Way, Ormskirk, L39 2YT.
It was a bit of pain spraying this outside because it was pretty windy but I just couldn't waste a weekend day on the wind so I did it anyway. I ended up have to vacuum the pieces out a couple times and picking some grass out of wet paint but since it's the inside only it won't really matter.
“Art has no intrinsic meaning. This is its power, its mystery, and hence, its attraction. Art is free. It stimulates the viewer to insert their own meaning, their own value.”
The French General fabrics are so beautiful. I came up with this pattern because I only had a small pile of fat quarters of these divine fabrics, plus yardage of the two red ones that I used for the middle stripe...
Be MOP focuses on the lead up to the next World of Warcraft expansion with my own reflections about the last dying moments of the Catalysm’s Twilight Hour as we look into the Mist of the new day. Updates Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays
BJ's Pizza, Grill & Brewery Backdraft
-Your life has completely gone upside down, hasn’t it? Since The Sneaker editorial staff and Dengeki Bunko editorial staff work separately, we were shocked when we heard about your circumstances. With great pains, for this occasion, the Sneaker Bunko and Dengeki Bunko have collaborated to make a simultaneous release of your works on June 10, 2003.
Dogs and humans seem to be most susceptible, but cats and horses may also become infected. Since it depends upon exposure to the fungus, it is found only where the fungus grows. Cases are most often reported in the valleys of the major US rivers, the Mississippi, Missouri, and Ohio. It has also been documented in Ontario, Quebec and Manitoba.
~Wind and cold weather suck. Especially when it's supposed to be warm so that I can kick the kids outside to play.
Every weekday at 10:00 AM on W
This is a picture of Daddy. Daddy told Wade no more video games because he was losing it that Abby was watching TV on the Wii TV. The next time we saw Wade, he brought this picture to Peter... it was a picture of him.... with a cross through him.
Solano County parole sweep nets 22 arrests
Any QVC fan is familiar with the home shopping network’s Affinity Diamond spokesman, Michael O’Connor. He’s a celebrity stylist who appears on QVC to talk about its in-house diamond line.
This list is only in release date order not by my rating, but they are the best sci-fi films in the naughties. Please leave any comments or suggestions for movies I may have missed or your opinion of my list choices.
He sees he seems he’s shaking/
I was also interested to see that in the year to March 2010, the company booked GBP 14m of impairments, but the previous year booked nil. Given that the Northern Ireland market residential peaked in 2007 and is now down 44% from peak, I might have expected earlier provisioning. There is, additionally, GBP 25m booked for revaluations in 2010 compared to GBP 18m in 2009.
Dryers usually use the most energy of any household appliance. Line drying my clothes will reduce energy costs and CO2 emissions. Line drying does require a tiny bit of planning (rain or shine?), but I don’t think it will be too difficult. With any luck we will see a few sunny days during the term.
Rating 32
When you leave your car locked up the temperature rises significantly so you can image how hot that plastic bottle gets and how easily chemicals can be released from the plastic into the water. Probably not something we usually think about but now with more information coming out about what those plastic bottles are made from it is time to be informed and change our habits.
I hate it when people don’t understand that just because I am a lawyer, it doesn’t mean that I know everything there is to know about the law. I practice in immigration, so I don’t know that much about anything else. Sure, I took the bar and I know the basics, but after a few years those memories get foggy. I couldn’t tell you the first thing about filing a lawsuit against someone who wronged you. My dad called me the other day
“I’m from Philadelphia, you know.”
I was fortunate enough to chance upon it again.
I wish there was a way that I could tell the patient drivers of Honolulu, thank you. I was so ready for traffic to be horrendous and I do find myself interpreting it that way…sometimes. But if we live in a society that demands using things that can create tension such as cars, then thankfully there are people who use methods to demonstrate tolerance and create safer driving environments.
I really hate Duane Reade pharmacy.
During this intense project, I had many high moments – While launching my project website (drupal). I wanted to have some workflow and automation in that and I was not able to fix that. I had sleepless nights on that. And finally one day around 5 in morning I got that one. What a delight it was! Also, while working on POC, making videos, re-sizing them, encoding them with all possible encoders, fixing their length, quality, etc. etc. But nothing was working out. And when finally I found a workaround. Wow! Again a high moment! So, I had some such experiences, wherein I have put in lot of efforts, lost sleeps over them and finally got them through. I cherish all of such wow moments. I enjoyed every intense moment I encountered during the project. The complete experience was very enriching.
With all the main actors going on to bigger projects, this film was one of the few great films of the 1980′s that did not get a sequel. What a shame. It was truly an entertaining movie and easily one of the best Westerns of the last 25 years or so.
While I don’t feel that Dark Shadows is a Planet of the Apes (2001)-sized creative debacle, it’s probably a close call. This is one wildly uneven, incredibly incoherent movie. Those who will feel most abused by Burton’s Dark Shadows re-imagination are likely the long-term fans of the afternoon soap opera, which ran on TV from
I’m working on a Top Secret Photo Mission that I will only be able to reveal to you and it’s intended recipient(s) upon it’s successful completion. That being said, I saw a few potentially worthy subjects yesterday after Isaac and I walked over to get Chinese food (he’d had a craving) but it’s not easy taking photos when your hands are full of chow mien and egg flower soup.
But it’s too late to say
To put it simply, the characters in The Hobbit don't care about the same things that the characters in The Lord of the Rings do. They don't want to save the world; they're not interested in vanquishing evil. They just want to get paid. The whole novel is driven by money, and the desire to gain or regain it. The quest driving the novel could easily be reconfigured as one for revenge, or to reclaim a lost birthright, but the dwarfs themselves leave no doubt that what they're after is the legendary treasure of Thror--as Bilbo himself points out late in the novel, to defeat Smaug would take a hero, whereas the dwarfs have brought with them a burglar. The villain of the piece is a dragon, which many myths and fairy tales link with avarice and possessiveness--to sleep on a pile of gold is the ultimate expression of greed for its own sake--and Smaug, whose reaction to the theft of a single item from his enormous hoard is "the sort of rage that is only seen when rich folk that have more than they can enjoy suddenly lose something that they have long had but have never before used or wanted," epitomizes these qualities. The good guys, meanwhile, are banking on making bank--it's never stated out loud, to Tolkien's good fortune, but reading between the lines it's easy to guess that Gandalf is helping the dwarfs in expectation that he will be compensated, and even Bilbo, the most adventurous and least greedy character in the novel (who is also the richest, at its outset), holds on to the note promising him a fourteenth share of the treasure throughout his travails. There is, on both their parts, a sort of businesslike attitude, like the one attributed to the dwarfs in the quote that opens this post--a sense that, though they would probably still go above and beyond the call of duty even if no money was at stake, seeing as it is at stake, they expect to be paid.
Though this is, as I mentioned, the umpteenth time I’ve gone down this path, it is not without reason that I bring up my renewed interest in health here, on a blog ostensibly about books. After finishing The Fault in Our Stars over the weekend, which focuses primarily on the lives of two teenagers with cancer, I came into Monday feeling particularly shitty about my inability to take care of my perfectly functional 26-year-old body.
Sometimes after a long day of wandering and singing and climbing trees and playing, we would lie down in a cool green thicket under a lacy curtain of wisteria, and Rabbit would fold his arms around me prayerfully. I would rest my head in his warm hair and he would say, “I love you too much to ever use you.” He was one of the dearest men I have ever known, and I regret losing track of him when he moved away to the west coast.
She then introduced each of the members of the adventure group to her son. They all greeted him politely. Bantum offered Praymar a chicken as a form of welcome, but Praymar put the chicken down with a “thank you” and it began clucking and pecking at the ground looking for seeds. Lanna served the lad a bowl of “wolf meat” soup which he devoured with loud sops, thinking that the wolf meat tasted remarkably like chicken, but didn’t mention it.
As the error messages suggest, Microsoft Excel fails to save the file if MSO9.DLL file is damaged or corrupted.
Dr Lindy Edwards is a political scientist at the University of New South Wales and author of the forthcoming book The Passion of Politics: the role of Ideology and Political Theory in Australia.
and we use it as part of our writing assignments for class.
What was great about this class was that it looked at what we do for leisure and how the activity of gaming impacts life. Like it or not what we do at work is not the only thing that matters. Play is important.
- I had rushed from home, hadn’t said too many endearing byes,
There are several different types of exercise that you can do. An ideal exercise program combines four types of exercise:
And while I’m disappointed
Anyway, this week's updation is of my Cool People Link Here links. I have dropped some that exist no more, and added a few new ones.
If I chose only to cluck my tongue and shake my head sadly, I am complicit. If I chose to turn away from such unpleasantness, I am complicit. If I shy away from controversial discussions about this slaughter, I am complicit.
Everyone was doing yard work ,#2 son was mowing and weed eating, #1 son and g-son came by to pull up some ivy we have growing everywhere up here to get started on a bank at his house. Hubbie offered to cook a pot of spaghetti for everyone's supper so we all had a nice visit after all the hard work. #2 son got a haircut while he was here and searched the computer for new house for sale listings.
The NEW eduClaytion has been up and running for a week now, but I am realizing that past subscribers no longer see updates. You can resubscribe by going to the new eduClaytion and clicking on the Subscribe link.
Why do you live? How does it help and inspire you through life?
Two months to go.
It's Wednesday! That means it's time to head over to the Sisterhood of the Shrinking Jeans and post our stats for the week. I was amazed and thrilled when I got on the scale this morning. I am down .1 pounds. You are probably laughing now thinking I have lost it if I am happy about a loss of .1 pounds, but I am pretty darn happy.
Homemade pizza, using up leftovers from the party last weekend, with a spinach, cucumber, and tomato salad on the side. (P.S. LOVE "Goddess" dressing. The only bottled dressing I buy. Anyone have a good recipe for a homemade version?)
I’ve put all those worlds in inverted commas because I don’t believe in any of them.
This is the kind of book that makes you cancel your dinner plans so you can perch uncomfortably on whatever seat is available while you race through the words to try and make sense of it all. Highly recommended.
We left Venice mid-morning and took a train to Florence. The train ride took a little over 2 hours and it was a pleasant ride through the country. Our hotel was very close to the train station, so after we checked in, we relaxed for a little bit before heading out. About our hotel: It was wonderful! There was a downstairs area with a couch and a porch and a loft area with the bed and bathroom. So nice compared to our postage stamp sized room in Venice.
Her husband smiled, plunging two thick fingers into her already wet hole. She arched in pleasure, reaching for the nearest cock. Paul Styles volunteered, groaning as her hand encircled his engorged shaft. Her pulse accelerated.
Imagine us: in the back corner of the Lucky Brand store. Kissing.
Our greatest enemy is not overseas, but it is the corrupted government we now have. Those who can buy influence and politicians are calling the shots in this country, controlling what happens, to the detriment of the American people. This must stop. No other candidate has the fortitude and character to do this but Ron Paul.
Dear Yarra Trams,
"My name is Tom, and I learned that you should talk to a horse as you are approaching it."
Most of my open-wheel affection was because when I was a kid, it was the dominant form of racing in America. It’s hard to imagine this now, but at one point all the biggest names were in open wheel and dabbled in stock car racing (both Foyt and Andretti won the Daytona 500 in part-time rides). The idea of a star like Danica Patrick or Sam Hornish before her or Tony Stewart before him leaving IndyCar for NASCAR was ridiculous beyond words. The other reason was the cars. Open-wheel cars looked awesome. They looked like cars of the future or rockets. By comparison, NASCAR was driving Pontiacs around – not sexy.
by Anna McQuinn (Author) and Rosalind Beardshaw (Illustrator)
Sozo is a practice from what we can term as New Age, it is found in pagan circles, it is found in those who practice visualization techniques that were so popular in pop psychology of the 90′s.
LJ - 27' 10" - Carl Lewis, Houston - '81
Making a card for Mothersday, oh my, normally I don't do that. I have a very sweet mother and also a very sweet mother in law and because our son Yoëll was a week at home I did not have the time to make two cards this week. So, I decided to make a mothersdaycard for myself in the name of Yoëll. I found it not fair to make a card for my mother and not for my mother in law. I have made something totally different this time. Because I have to learn a lot about stamping(techniques) I have used the Craft Stamper magazine for some inspiration. Especially for the colorcombo's of the inks. I used the gorgeous Cover a Card Stamps from Impression Obsession and the gorgeous stamps from Chocolate Baroque which you can buy by The Posthumus Shop in Amsterdam. The golden swirl I did with a stamp from Tim Holtz. Now I want to invite you to visit the blogs of my fabulous friends with their gorgeous creations. Danielle, Cathylynn, Christina, Nadine, Elle, Kathy.
I was surprised to have been sent there, and that I was simply very
Because you notice the little things around that few
Tonight I am having a most interesting experience. I’m back in Primrose Hill – one of London’s fashionable areas (a bit expensive too)- where I used to live before moving closer to the countryside. I’m having a cappucino in a lovely Russian tea room called Trojka.
It's the 50th anniversary of Johnson's No More Tears trademark formula! That means that in some families, three generations of mothers have used Johnson's No More Tears products on their children. 50 years! That's a long time. This is what was going on 50 years ago...
All in all it was an amazing trip, albeit too short! Rather than ramble on, I’ll let the photos speak for me.
"Well, if it isn't Will Riker!"
But is that doing us, as a faith-based community, a disservice? Is our self-imposed isolation stifling our spirituality, rather than allowing it to flourish in the real world?
Many things bring me pleasure. Warm summer rain, for example. Chocolate. Cool autumn rain. Sleep. Refreshing spring rain. The dark of night. Walking in the rain. A good book. Rain. But honestly, when I hear the word "pleasure" none of those things comes to mind. Not at first. The first thing I think about is lust, desire, lovemaking. The Big O.
Now a little deeper…
how about another joke?
Is that the kind of world we live in now?
I had already been there in 2009 - but I wasn't interested in gyaru fashion at all.. so.. well.
a ring of fire
Yes, it’s Tommy this an’ Tommy that, an’ anything you please;
6. In the dark, I then lower the plate into the silver bath. With the large ones, it’s a tray, so I gently agitate back and forth for four minutes. (Kristin is still sitting over there, trying to hold still. There is where it gets nerve racking and slightly embarrassing).
Does this remind you of anything?
How could you reach the pearl by only looking at the sea? If you seek the pearl, be a diver: the diver needs several qualities: he must trust his rope and his life to the Friend's hand, he must stop breathing, and he must jump. ~Rumi
Some virus attacks will drain the battery and disable the wifi capability to force the phone onto 2/3/4G. Per the norm, never download anything not tested and checked by others and only from known verified sources. If you like risk, make sure you have a solid virus protection app installed and keep it updated.
Age is just a number.
In general, once the whining subsides, we have great fun in the snow.
Here's the good – my family members that live there are all safe. They are all in southern Japan and besides some rattled nerves appear to be fine. The bad, as you can imagine, is that any good news is being tempered by the fact that they have friends and associates who haven't been located, the numbers of human casualties constantly being updated on the news, and the graphic images showing the horror of the devastation. My cousin Hiroshi, who like a few of my other cousins commutes into Tokyo for business, has been giving me regular updates via Facebook and email but you can sense the uneasiness in his words, especially when he talks about the uncertainty of the situation with the nuclear reactors. I'm seriously concerned and afraid for all of them.
-participate in a triathlon
3 tsp curry powder
And most recently, requests made by the DHS for the procurement of 450 million rounds of hollow-point ammunition only fuels speculation of an upcoming tragic event expected on American soil.
The essay is about Laura’s husband’s confusion in their marriage at that time and his desire to get out of it. When he told Laura he didn’t love her anymore, her reaction was, “I don’t buy it.”
Also, I want to share that we are being blessed with lovely gifts of assistance in our Life is Good fund - we're not there yet but are remaining hopeful our fund will grow up for us to attend this year before it's time to go or stay - if you can not or do not feel called to share of your financial gifts please spend a moment and visualize us there, at the conference, surrounded by dear friends and making new ones - connecting and growing and learning please - thanks loves!
seed
37. Hackney Colliery Band - Africa (4:12)
I have worked with loads of charities as a volunteer, as a member of staff and as a trustee.
Kashmir is located between the India and Pakistan Kashmir sapphires are expensive and very rare. There is a border problem between two countries at the moment. The mining operations are not done regularly. Because of that reason Kashmir sapphires are rare. The most famous sapphires in the world are from Kashmir.
However, as I found when I took the Sunshine Award, there is a bit of work involved, and perhaps that is why people decline. Maybe the “pass it on” part reminds people of poisoned chain-letters; “if you don’t pass this on you will DIE” kind of thing. And there are rules, and not everyone wants to be pressurised into following rules. So I was delighted to discover Alex Autin, a recent nominee of the Versatile Blogger Award, who very wittily adapted the rules.
The main conference hotel will be the YMCA International House, where we have a preferential rate for a Superior Single/Twin of SGD 169.49 nett per night, in a block of rooms being held until 7 May. The YMCA has the advantage of being located directly across the street from the conference location, and its comfortable, renovated rooms include free wi-fi and daily breakfast. Another advantage is that for those on a tighter budget, the YMCA also has dormitory-style accommodation available, for SGD 40++ per night. Please make your reservations promptly should you wish to stay at the main conference hotel. For those wishing to reserve a Superior Single/Twin, please use the reservation form, which should be mailed back to the specified YMCA email address (not to us). For those wishing to reserve a space in the YMCA dormitory, please use the online reservation form at the website; the on-line menu refers to this option as the “Students Room’s Bed.”
On my way to Atlanta, I plunk into Delta seat 32B—because who doesn't love being wedged between two total strangers? 32C, on the aisle, immediately hides under her hoodie and eases into a classic leave-me-alone slump, which I totally expect since girls just getting over teenitis are really still full of "Ew, old people!" attitude. When 32A shows up, he makes me get up so he can squeeze his skinny ass into his coveted window seat—the seat I should have if I hadn't screwed up my online seat selection. Why the airline didn't immediately call me afterward and say, Dude, you SURE you want to sit between total strangers? is frankly beyond my comprehension. Why does no one question my sanity? No wonder the airlines are losing money.
There are lots and lots of Christians in the world, but almost none of them are comfortable talking about the resurrection with non-Christians, in a way that doesn’t use crazy Christianese language and doesn’t assume that the Bible is inerrant. But I think that this situation is wrong for three reasons.
I want all our joys, dreams and laughter to be..
just read this online at the nyt. every once and awhile, thomas friedman surprises me. check out his editorial "making america stupid"
of a book acting as a gobo to block of window light from a portion of the set
“Look! Here I am! Behold, I AM the Lamb of God who takes away the sins of the world!”
Hope you like the new look. Please, tell me - do you like the new look? I am in the middle of re-discovering the joys of social sharing (media) so all good. I might even get back to blogging soon, who knows? :)
The crisis induced by the axing of Mbeki is an occasion to review liberal democracy and the Constitution -- that uneasy, syncretistic mixture of a hollow Westminster system and Soviet-like party dominance. It is time to explore and formulate a system that will vest power in people and not invest in the empty shells or Trojan horses that parties have become in Africa, including this country. A federal system, with constituency-based representation, would be appropriate for this diverse and complex land and it would free us from a cabal that is bent on retaining power for its own benefit, at the expense of the state and society.
OBAMA (breathless): Mr. President – sir – it is the greatest honor of my life to meet you. And I’m not bullshitting the way I was with FDR!
Caryl calls the Libyan civil war “a proximate cause for the success of the Tuareg rebellion.” As to the question of whether not just the general crisis in Libya, but also the Western intervention against Qadhafi specifically, is responsible for events in Mali, Caryl’s answer is more qualified. Caryl quotes Tom Malinowski of Human Rights Watch, who argues that Western powers may have been able to do more to prevent the flow of weapons out of Libya. Caryl ends with the exhortation, “Even in situations where there is ample justification for using force against dictators or war criminals, policymakers would be well-advised to take a good look at the possible negative side effects of their actions.”
In part 2 I will go into more detail about this
We men – lie sometimes.
On a different note, I am going to miss my students so much. The photos above are from the "photobooth" I set up for my going-away party on my last day. Let me tell you - it was a blast! The students thought it was the greatest thing ever. I bought a bunch of props from the dollar store, and set up my camera on a tripod. I loved this idea even more after I saw all the pictures. It was the perfect way for me to remember each of my students and their unique personalities. I had a truly amazing class this year. In some ways, I feel like they taught me far more than I taught them. And I won't ever, ever forget them.
A LBD, a nice white tee or blouse, a black blazer, a pair of dark jeans, and a statement bag.
Even if you can't find these exact colors, the philosophy can still apply. For a restrained makeup look, I recommend putting the $$ into excellent powder (for sensitive skins, T. LeClerc cannot be beat), 1-2 your-blush-but-better blushes, 2 neutral eyeshadows, and 2 kickass lippies. Chanel might be expensive (although given how long they've been used with perfect results, it's one of my "cheaper" cosmetic purchases), but thankfully good brushes can be found even at Walmart these days with the Ecotools line. Between Ecotools and Bobbi Brown, I haven't bought brushes in years.
I've been in Flexible, but only when it was very important to stand firm.
But i wont bother you with those dramas as I am sure you are here to find out what the new challenge is over at Tickled Pink Stamps Challenge.
Are you curious as to what I said, by the way? High on my list of things I look for in a great cookbook is a clean layout and a clearly legible font. I don't want to have to squint to read my recipe. And frankly, if a cookbook isn't user friendly in regard to being physically easy to read, I won't use it.
Villeroy & Boch – Broggi – De Cecco – Marrone – Consorzio di Tutela Olio Dop Riviera Ligure – Acqua Valverde – Agostinetto – Kettmeir – Consorzio Tutela Vini Montello e Colli Asolani – Lamole di Lamole – Dab – Galbani – Torrefazione Caffè Silvia – Gourmet Services – Risolì – Koppert Cress – Hp
We had a group meeting this afternoon and I sat there pretty darn anxious. First time doing big group meetings like that out of the hospital. Sometimes even the group meetings in the hospital got my nerves up! Sitting there in a room with a large amount of people, about 50, staff and patients. Today, we went around in a circle and said whether we were at work today or not. I was. Not sure what the point of that is. I guess it’s so that the workplace don’t have to get involved in communicating with the rehabilitation program staff and just hear it from the horses mouth, as they say. It’s not like they even ask though why the person wasn’t at work if they say they weren’t. So I could just not go and say ‘I wasn’t’ and that it’s it!? I’m too good a girl to do that anyway, as much as it sucks that I have to get up now at 6.50-7am, 30 minutes earlier than I had to get up in the hospital.
and remember the deadly
(update: i just bought pants from j.crew in that same shade of tangerine.)
More images of Maryport, this time of Fleming Square. Maryport was not developed until the end of the eighteenth century, when it became a major port for the export of coal and then iron ore. Fleming Square is a lovely open space surrounded by impressive Georgian houses.
My husband was all good to go, bag by the door, shoes on early this morning. To his work...I got a cup of coffee I just brewed and had put it down on the countertop so I could say goodbye to him when I saw him down on the floor, with his head way low, close to the ground and trying to spot "something..."
Willows, CA: a one horse town if ever I've seen one. And I have. Par for the course I'll dine on Mexican food as they are generally the only people who can cook when you're in the middle of nowhere California. Sacramento seems far away and exotic. San Francisco doesn't actually exist here. It's like saying you ride a unicorn. It occurs to me my name might not be very popular here. It also occurs to me I'm armed to the teeth. Hear on the radio: "Why do people think freedom of religion means we have to accept these other religions? We can't! We're Catholic!" Note to self: never get out of the boat. Absolutely goddamn right.
One on the horizon, after backing Blackwater Gulch with 20 of my hard-earned pounds. Resurrected because a few years back Gharak and I bought a bunch of cowboys and Legends of the Old West. Gharak built some terrain and I got some erm...half-built. We played a few games and set it aside. Once BG is released in the autumn I'll paint some cowboys and finish my terrain.
How when I finally had her as my own I looked at her and for the first time in my life I finally understood the way the God sees me and was so grateful for my redemption--I was. I am.
In his website Southern Heritage 411, he exhaustively documents the historically valid reasons that the War between the States was fought – and the preservation of slavery was not prominent among them. He explains that 50,000 blacks fought on the Confederate side for the same reasons that Japanese-Americans fought for America in the Pacific Theater in World War II ** – first to defend their homes and families from outside aggression, and secondly, to prove to the world that they could fight with as much integrity and valor as anyone else.
OK, so much for all that alliteration in the title! But I had to get focused on "B"s because Catered Crop is half way through its "Letter B" challenge, and I want to enter this card. "Bear and Butterfly Buddies" seemed perfect. Here's my card and then I have to tell you about the the gal who drew the digi and how you can get it as a freebie!
2 performed
8. Reef the Lost Cauze - exclusive
do you still
Why you should care about home business insurance
There’s a moment for everything. And there’s the moment you meet Harry Cox.
I will update the post with final pics with and without cupcakes, I just wanted this to get posted before the big game!
1. Low as ISO as you can, HDR always works better with a low ISO, I try to stick to ISO200 or lower.
My floor does look incredibly clean now, but I can’t make any promises on how soon this feat will be repeated. I’ve been living in this house for nearly nine years now, so I’m thinking…2021?
They opted to visit that famed tinsel town--
In the end, Shadow Crossing is a dense and rewarding read and elegant affirmation of our own personal glimpses of the ineffable, yet essential, in life. I can think of no better way to end this review, than with the last poem of the collection, and it’s lovely, final comment on existence:
Before long she heard the sound of a shattering bottle echo down the hallway. “You drank my wine! I will teach you manners!”
No, no, no and yes, yes, yes. My very first novel was called Survival of the Fittest. I started it in 1987 and rewrote it dozens of times over the past 20 years. It in no way resembles the original story. In fact, it's so different, I could finish the last version and the first version and no one would realize they were the same book. That one is kind of like the child who never grows up and moves out.
reproof at wasted opportunities and willful
Fixed annuities are considered a low-risk investment because of the fixed interest rate component of the investment. Fixed annuity investors benefit if interest rates fall, but not if they rise. Variable annuities do not offer a guarantee as with fixed annuities. However, investors in variable annuities have the ability to choose how to allocate their money amongst different mutual funds.
And just when you thought it was safe to got out among our meme (French for "the same") participants Mike and Diva have decided to spread the pain and have added Pam and Katherine to our little band of idiots. Gosh they better stop soon. I'm running out of digits to keep track of all of them.
Letters are mentally composed, but rarely posted.
“The gentleman picture-dealer out to plunder the innocent provincial,” thought Digby. “I’ve a good mind to let him see what he can make of the job. “I’ve nothing on Thursday afternoon except the Industrial Schools Committee, and that should be over by three”; and he rang the bell.
04. Moderato
Focusing on the alleged public safety value of the curfew, Councilmember Riemer — a curfew advocate at the Youth Town Hall event in October — explained his change of heart on the issue:
Please place orders by Friday, February 11th. These are well worth the splurge!
* Serve hot with steaming white rice.
Investigators said Morton held 19-year-old Elizabeth Nichols against her will inside his bedroom, pressing a shotgun to her head and, at one point, a screwdriver against her throat. A report said Morton stood behind Nichols and held the gun to her head as she read.Meanwhile, in Catholic Church news we have this:
we know each other too well
The path started at State, which was covered in my last blog. He then went to NXN MidWest in Terre Haute, IN and came away with both a convincing win and a course record. His time of 14:53.1 beat Chris Derrick's old mark that was set before the addition of the hay bales. Jack Driggs closed strong to beat Zach Wills of Ohio for second. More importantly, Driggs led York to the team title over Columbus North (IN). York is now 7 for 7 in qualifying for NXN, the only team to go each and every year. Quite the legacy.
drop dead diva: i just tweeted this. during the gimpcation i was exposed to commercials for a show called drop dead diva. since it had commercials, i’m guessing it’s on a network of some sort, but i’ll be damned if i could tell you what it is.
1. Simple time constraints. Life is getting in the way. This takes prioritization. For me, that is a re-commitment to getting up before the sun (and more importantly, anyone else in my family) and getting some work done. However, if I haven’t planned out what to write the night before — decided what scene to work on, which events to write, 4:30 a.m. is not the time that’s gonna happen. Which brings me to
"You could have loved me that day and maybe I believed it then, but now I need proof. Do you love me?"
corruption, reverse racism etc)
That world is full of interest and excitement. The makeup and effects are a surprising step back from Carpenter’s then-recent remake, The Thing, but they’re suggestive without being horrific. The use of grainy black and white film stock helps to disguise their roughness.
She is VERY social. Loves to be with company and could party all the time!
She moved in last month.
I got into my Pantry Wine Rack and removed the FOUR bottles of Wine that I had currently stashed away.
Crop -There are two ways to use crop.
The huge yellow fizzy manufactures spend millions on analysing every discreet batch in a multitude of ways to ensure, colour, bitterness, viscosity, pH, etc. remain the same day in day out week in week out & so on, some people may like this 'reliability' (used in the loosest form) but I myself find the subtle variance of craft beers all part of the nature of our intriguing industry it provides an unending challenge to a brewers skill.
i was a master until we went to the sixth grade
I went home last weekend (of course I’m sitting at home while writing this right now too) because my parents went to Florida (without me!) and needed someone to take care of the cats. And while my neighbors could have taken care of the cats, my mom thought my cats would just adore me if I came home to care of them. I think they could have cared less.
Copic Colours -
and wears a hand-painted Dress.
But more than referencing geography, the prophet Isaiah, reminiscent of the final explanation above, invited the Jewish people to listen to what God had to say, and couched the invitation in terms of drinking milk (as well as in terms of water, wine, and bread).
“Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.” Rumi
Merry Christmas All
Students need to see, hear, say, and write the vocabulary words in order to know them, remember them, and use them. Seeing the definitions of science words in the context of the article helps students understand the meaning of the words and adds to the students’ understanding of the concepts. Here are some examples of “in context” definitions in the OCEANS publication: …more
Here's the blurb: Taking on the forces of Mother Nature for some thrill seekers is a simple task. However, when simultaneously engaging the power of Cupid, relationships become complicated. For while the fury of Mother Nature can be embraced to a point where mere survival is questionable, Cupid, on the other hand, never accepts defeat. A reporter and a camera woman, who were ex-lovers, get caught up in a chase to document the world's best kiteboarders. These guys dominate the high winds generated by a hurricane passing by the southern tip of the Florida Keys. While most people flee Key West, this select group of thrill seekers relishes the adventure of a lifetime. When the hurricane takes a dangerous turn and surprises everyone on their way back to Miami, there is nowhere to hide. They can only draw on their inner courage, and each other, which quickly reunites a lost passion in the process.
Halley especially enjoyed seeing the references to her favorite Beatrix Potter book, "The Tale of Two Bad Mice." After it was over she said, "The movie inspired me to paint. That's it, I've made up my mind, I'm going to be an artist." And with that she went to work with her watercolors, even creating a portfolio (as seen in the movie) in which to store her paintings and informing me that her painted clouds were stratus clouds, not cumulonimbus... I struggled to keep a serious, knowing expression.
226Fancy restores what vengeance snatch'd away,
“We are happy to make the methodology available to any other interested party,” she said. “It responds to the demands of media partners seeking more comprehensive and relevant audience analysis.” The new system and its claim of greater accountability already has the backing of James Jennings, joint managing director of WPP media agency Maxus.
The next restock is going to take place tomorrow- Wednesday May 2 at 8pm EST!
I’m not a good person.
We also made mashed potatoes with potatoes cooked on the Traeger, and had Traeger-cooked carrots for our vegetable. And last but not least, I made ham gravy, which I’ve never made before but it turned out pretty good.
Challenge 22: October 21
The following year, Mr. Bo was honored in London by a group called the British Chinese Youth Federation as one of “Ten Outstanding Young Chinese Persons.” He was also an adviser to Oxford Emerging Markets, a firm set up by Oxford undergraduates to explore “investment and career prospects in emerging markets,” according to its website.
In a run-up to the release for Veronica Roth's Insurgent (sequel to Divergent) I sat and thought how MFB could do something different to celebrate the book's release. We've had people come up with some great things but because I like weaponry and grew up handling guns and things, I thought we could do something about weapons that are used in Divergent. And because guns aren't really allowed in the UK I had to cast a wider net.
Tomorrow I want to try to mix in some math with something like "Compare 56 and 95." Should be interesting!
Numeira is an interesting case. For, by the time the catastrophe occurred, the city had been abandoned. Whether this was in response to the first earthquake, or whether Numeira, which may have been an astrological observatory and so might have seen the raining sulfur before it approached the city, is unknown. It’s quite possible that the city was abandoned before any of these events, as it had become economically unfeasible as a community, due to the natural arridness of the region. Whatever the case, they left. Not one person within the environs of “Gommorrah” died as a result of the “fire from heaven”.
The little heart punch was £1,65 from Abakhan. Another bargain.
Did that explain it well enough?
19 June
Spearmint is, of course, used as a flavouring in many food dishes, teas and drinks. I had a nibble of it today, it’s positively yummy. I’m very much looking forward to making some home made mojitos with my spearmint leaves.
It will have a place in my dollhouse shop, that I started a while ago........
This weekend I think I may have uped my domestic Goddess status just a a smidge!!!! I made a pound cake from scratch!!!!! OHHHH YEAH!!!!!! So I'm going to get a little braggy for just a minute!!!!! Anyone who has ever mad a pound cake knows that there is a ton of work involved, mix, add, stir, mix add, stir and it has to be in order! I was sooo nervous. I just knew that it was going to be disastrous!!!! But Guess what!!! It wasn't, it turned out great, It looked like pound cake and tasted like pound cake!! I cant tell you how proud of myself I was!!! GO ME, GO ME!!!!! So I think that I just upped my domestic Goddess status to 27% !!! HEHE!!! Now I'm thinking that I'm entitled to a brand new Green kitchen Aid mixer, don't you!??? Can you tell my husband Please!!!!! I just know that If had one of those bad boys sitting on my counter, I would be whipping up cakes like crazy!!!
Unshaven, with a pocket full of currants 210
Going to sleep tonight with a humble and thankful heart. He is so very faithful.
After all the base coloring was done, I carefully drew in the scales with the brush tip of my YR12 and YR14 markers. Then, I held it at arms length and decided which areas needed darkening. I went back with my deep oranges and hints of gray to add shadows.
The country music icon will perform live on HSN a special one-hour primetime show at 9 p.m. as part of HSN’s first-ever 24-hour Americana Event featuring unique American-themed experiences, brands and products.
7 From the CST Statement of Accounts, for year ending 31st December 2007
Streaming Video – You can use less expensive source encoders and do transcoding in the cloud on pay-as-you-go service.
Finally, I found one done by the same guy that used a car antenna motor, a lamp timer, and a couple transformers. Simple and straightforward, and made a cool electric motor noise when it operated. It wasn’t the kind of status I could get by installing the Cheyenne Mountain blast doors, or the Star Trek elevators with their ”swish-swish,” but pretty cool nonetheless.
So there you have Page 17 to Page 24 of our 52 page Disney Trip Family Scrap Book.
God does not save us so that we might have the liberty to go our own way. Rather He has saved us to walk in newness of life. We see this in Romans 6:4. “Therefore we are buried with him by baptism into death: that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also should walk in newness of life.” Yes, there is now light at the end of the tunnel for there is coming a day when all believers will be absent from the body and present with the Lord. The question is, “How do we then live as we look for that blessed hope”? In Titus 2:11-12 the grace of God teaches us that by “denying ungodliness and worldly lusts, we should live soberly, righteously, and godly in this present world.”
Leading that defensive play was Essence Carson, who also finished the night with 19 points from the field, had to make the start today due to a bone bruise in the right knee of Nicole Powell. The move proved to be a positive one for New York, as Essence brings an aggressive game on the defensive end of the court.
They purchased it at United Carpet (www.unitedcarpet.com,) but it can be found in most flooring stores.
As you know there are elections to Runnymede Borough Council tomorrow 3rd May 2012. If you have the right to vote please don’t waste it: Instead exercise your franchise and help choose who will act on your behalf in the provision of local services.
"We call ourselves a civic developer because jobs have always been important," Ratner said. "Whether it be 15,000 jobs at MetroTech, or 2500 jobs across the street, working in our two shopping centers--14 shopping centers built in these boroughs, where we have over 5000 other jobs, jobs are what it's about.... I really have been looking forward to this day, honestly, for eight years."
There is no rush to the vast majority of genealogical research. Take your time. Make certain you really do have the same person in place A that you think you have in place B. Ask yourself if that family connection is logical and does that "far-fetched" tale really make sense. You can also reduce the chance of this sort of mistake by using online trees as clues, not grabbing the first match that appears "close," and giving yourself some "soak time" between making a conclusion and using it to begin more research.
YOU can make the difference by putting all of the customer’s fears aside and making sure you give them the most professional presentation they will ever see!
These photos were taken on day 1 in Marrakech the other week. I have gotten many compliments on this outfit from the locals, perhaps because it is as unshapely and conservative as I could possibly make a daytime outfit? But it was perfect for strolling around the Medina, visiting museums, villas and being mugged by snake charmers. I'm not particularly afraid of them, but when the scales snagged on my hair I have to admit, I had to fight the urge to throw it at some passersby.
We got home around 11pm, and chatted with Paul for about 30 minutes. And yeah, that's why there was not blogging. hehe. So, there ya go. I blogged now. BUT, I got my new/used iPad yesterday! It came from eBay! I was pretty excited! I charged it up, and it was all good! I played on it this morning, and it's all good!!!! Woohoo! New toy :)
Translated By Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
My husband knows I’m a sucker for flowers. And just before Easter, he surprised me with two potted tulips; 3 bunches of tulips; and a bunch of bright, easter egg-colored daisies. My mother also brought over a gorgeous purple calla lily on Easter. So Spring is blooming everywhere in my home!!!
I hope I am able to taste Caractère Rouge on a future trip to Belgium!
At the Beach or on a Boat,
Good marketing
School Jackets
8. Dream On…Can’t let them get away, life is too short not to live your dreams.
The station is home to several pieces of artwork, some of which were loathed instantly on installation. Paul Day's 9 foot high, bronze sculpture of an embracing couple was criticised endlessly, famously by Antony Gormley. It is not the most subtle of art pieces, and sadly it just does not do justice to this beautiful old space, which has otherwise effected its rebirth with great style. Less offensive is the bronze of Sir John Betjeman, who stands marvelling at the station's staggering roof. Suspended high above the station's trains, in anticipation of next year's sporting festival, currently dangles an enormous set of Olympic rings. (At least they're better than the awful logo.)
We may think that we can insulate our lives from pain and failure, and all of the other things we hide from (even success). The truth is God knows where we are all along. There is no hiding from His loving presence.
Chiffonade of fresh basil, 1/4 cup (measured after cutting)
Not public ones, that is, for emergency use.
Hubs & I aren't trying to have another baby and we have had only 1 time where another baby really couldve happened but theres always always a small chance so each month it's like...
Dolores Cannon – The Mayan Calendar, 2012 and 5D Earth
Vicki B. Trinkets
1/4 tsp. turmeric
This coffee service was started by Dion Knill. On duty today were Christelle, Tolia, Chris and Donavin. They are also involved with the Global shop which sells products made in Thailand.
The resurrection of Lazarus provided supernatural confirmation that Jesus is indeed the Resurrection and the Life, or the One who raises and gives life to the death both spiritually and physically. In fact, this is precisely what Jesus told the crowds on another occasion:
Theme: Leftovers
At first, I was thinking of just recycling last year's resolutions - you know, being all green (and lazy) about it and stuff. Plus, I rather liked that list. And it's still pretty relevant. Besides, don't most people just make the same resolutions over and over again, anyway?
As for the hair, I achieved this look with the help of a few hair combs to lift and push the top section into some height (no backcombing), and setting the rest in my famous pin curls for an hour or so. It turned out that I even had a matching hair flower in my stash, so a blue rose with requisite skull motive, topped the whole lot off. There is nothing better than being able to treasure hunt your own closet and still surprise yourself at the possibilities that lie within.
The SRS is a 65-item questionaire most often filled out by parents or teachers, whose ratings classify children according to "severity of autistic symptomology." Higher scores, above an established threshold, indicate greater autism "severity," and are therefore considered worse.
School is over for her, but softball is still a full time job right now. If only they could lose a few games....
It’s an ambitious project. What is at stake for Yale is an opportunity to do something really important in the world of global higher education.’
You can imagine how excited this guy was at being surrounded by a group of free-thinking families who are bucking the system and giving their children the opportunity to live the very reality he speaks of in his book: "We can help them to live with a kind of 'deep intelligence', intimately and dynamically connected with the world. What a world it will be, when we do! What a world it will be, when we take the lid off humanity. What tears of joy we will shed!"
Maybe I was just a lousy executive. Uncommon in my purchasing behaviors. I bet these clients paid for this study with no ulterior motive whatever. And if it hadn’t turned out the way they wanted, they would have sent it in to the press anyway.
Just doing this dressing up made Zorro so happy, and I mean SO happy that he talked about it for a week several times a day. I LOVE that I didn't allow the fact that I was makeup free and hadn't showered in 2 days or even being too self conscious in general stop me from dressing up and smiling for a camera. To make my sweet boy that happy thrills me and I didn't miss our on that moment.
The National Honor Society members will meet with Mrs. Koehn on Tuesday, April 10, at 9 am or 1 pm for more information about the actual NHS Ceremony that will be held on Tuesday, April 24, at 7 p m. If you have questions, please ask me.
“My prediction is that the advisors will still play a critical role,” Borislow said. “Those who are working in the best interests of their clients will develop the trust and confidence that will make the advisor front-and-center in the planning process.”
S: Monkeys….just because. Plus there’s that awesome YouTube on how to peel a banana like a monkey.
Analyzing each theme
I appreciate my dishwasher, but use it only once or twice a week; handwashing a few dishes is easier than the rinsing, loading, and the dreaded unloading. And if you've spent time in a French home you know that a dishwasher is a luxury; precious undercounter space is more likely to be used for storage, or a washing machine.
Over lunch is where the conversation got interesting; female colleagues talked about where they liked to buy shoes and shared shoe buying habits whilst we males kept quiet, looking a little embarrassed by it all. One male colleague mentioned quietly that he owned only a single pair of shoes. I believe his argument was that since he can only wear one pair at a time he therefore only needs to own one pair at a time.
You don’t want mush so go easy with the mixing!
Plus any good collection of:
Greece is on the verge of the electricity network collapsing, but the government is to provide €250 million in emergency funding to keep the lights on. You could argue that it was the fault of government policies that caused the situation in the first place. The power utility PPC was used as a property tax collector but ultimately many desperate people choose not to pay and have their electricity cut off instead. Greece also has to pay over the odds to secure fuel for generating power as a result of mistrust of suppliers of Greece paying its bills.
He left me there on the island with the dead bodies of a reptoid and the an alternate Obama.
Yeah, I’m sorry. I don’t keep track of the years, and what does it matter anyway? it’s only a number. The interview continued …
The Green Mums initiative will develop a weekly collection of food from producers in the Surf Coast region which will then be sorted, packed and delivered to designated community pick up points by rostered cooperative members.
Then we used blue tape to mark where the studs were and where we wanted to the tv. The blue dots eyes) are where we'll drill into the studs (we used our stud finder to find them) to get our tv in the outline we taped up.
From bottom left and clockwise we have: Topshop wedge sneakers (that are a very affordable version of the Ash ones, which in turn are a very affordable version of the Isabel Marant ones), a souvenir t-shirt from my Bath excursion (I just liked the colour combination), a striped H&M sweater, a simple H&M black top, and yet another H&M top from the current Conscious collection, that I plan to wear in the summer with some shorts for evenings out.
I am a star fallen from the
Probably pink as it's my favourite colour and looks nice with my blue eyes.
One minor stumble. One little slip and this was the thanks … Wei’s anger rose in his throat. He wanted to scream. He wanted to kick and throw things. His eyes gleamed as he squinted at the map on the far side of his office – formerly the office of Valdosta’s mayor.
About a 9 months ago I was at church, like any normal Sunday. The pastor was doing announcements and such and all of a sudden I hear him say that we (the people in the pews) need to come with him and convince gay people to become straight otherwise they will burn in Hell. The pastor said it is our duty as Christians to help rid the world of evil “And we can start with the gays”. What the pastor was saying really bugged me. He was supposed to be this god-loving servant and he was standing up in church condemning the LGTB population.
A: Lash Extensions are an amazing beauty secret! Lashes open up the look of your eyes, brighten your overall facial appearance, and can make you look years younger when designed and applied properly. Mostly it is a great way to look awake and glamorous all the time without having to fuss with daily makeup application.
It’s easily arguable that the most important demographic to see this film are 13-17 year olds. How many hundreds of bullied kids could benefit from just the thought that they’re not alone in the world, or that people care about them?
(L-R) Me, Shikina, Kaze and Allison.
The clinic said Wednesday that a locked trash bin on its property was broken into last week but that there were no improperly discarded records and that patients need not worry.
Allow the dough to rest for 15 minutes while you preheat the oven to 180C.
About 30 seconds into the song she started swaying back and forth to the music, moving mainly her shoulders. Then a few more seconds later she was using her entire upper body to dance. By one minute into the song she was on her feet and moving.
♥ As soon as you take the pan out of the oven, start putting the m&m's on top of the hershey kisses. The chocolate will be pretty melted so you have to be careful or you will make a mess.
Exchange students and others going abroad to a new country will often try to find the “Dos and Don’ts” — a list of rules to avoid social missteps. Sometimes this can be helpful, especially when the rules are both subtle and unexpected. It’s comforting to have some answers, but a few explicit rules are as inadequate in guiding your social skills in the new culture as the bilingual dictionary you may carry is in guiding your conversations. Much of the knowledge needed to understand and participate in another culture is like what you observe in through your peripheral vision. If you wear blinders to go from Point A to Point B, you only get to Point B. Intercultural learning is seldom about Point B and the narrow path to get there. But if you knew when you were 5 that smoking was forbidden, and no one told you so, you probably still have some of the skill needed to learn a new culture’s unspoken rules.
The bottom line is that I haven't been able to write a word for those five weeks, due to the pain. This is probably the longest in fifteen years of writing that I've been away from a manuscript that I've been working on. With deadlines in effect, this is far more of an issue now than ever in the past. Fortunately, I've gotten far enough ahead of schedule to still have plenty of time to complete Book 3 in the Ethan Warner series before Jan 31st 2012, but it's still a hell of a set-back and it's been driving me up the wall ( along with said pain and resulting lack of sleep ).
Total Carbohydrates Minus Fiber without nuts: 20.73.
They just pass us by
In Iraq, on 1-2 June 1941, in the Farhoud pogrom in Bagdad, 180 people were killed and 600 injured. In 1948, a wave of official anti-Jewish persecutions, including arrests and considerable fines, took place. Shafik Adass, a Jewish millionaire who was accused of selling surplus military stockpiles to Israel, was executed in September 1948. During 1949, Zionist-movement members were persecuted. Persecution also took place in Kurdistan in June 1950, when Jews were obliged to give up their possessions and houses. A synagogue was attacked in Baghdad on 14 June 1950; three people were killed and twenty injured.
The higher lumens offer better light; no toxins make them more desirable in all environments; their recyclability is all moving toward sustainability. Oh, the reduced (diminished) maintenance expenses related with replacements go away.
he Robotics Team continued practicing for upcoming competitions that day but older son could not help due to him being at the other Robotics Team community service project.
Just paddle fast …
1. prepare salmon and onion by rubbing with olive oil, sprinkle with s&p; place on broiling pan
The ability to stand up from a chair is a key skill to maintain independence and mobility. As you get older you lose strength in the hip and knee extensors which are the muscles that help straighten our legs. In this blog I am first going to discuss how to get out of a chair safely before going on to describe some exercises to strengthen the legs.
First up is some giveaway winners! Winners, you ask? Wait, wasn't there only one giveaway recently? Officially, yes, but the Joy scissor fob I posted about was a hidden giveaway post. Surprise! Everyone that commented on that post was secretly entered to win the fob. The lucky winner this time is Meari of Meari's Musings. Congratulations, Meari!
We tried it two ways. Usually my favorite way to eat pie is warmed with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, which in this case meant lots of melty caramel. But there’s almost too much caramel in this pie to be heated up like that. Once it leaves the microwave and gets weighed down by the ice cream, you literally have just seconds before it’s apple stew. Thankfully my quick fingers allowed me to snap these photos before it collapsed.
Fibula A small lie
As I mentioned in the previous post, this is the end of our winter DT term. This team has worked so hard to bring your wonderful projects to inspire your creativity. if you get a moment, please pop by their blogs to tell them how much you appreciate all they have done. :)
Anyway though, if invaders come from outer space with all of their tech intact, and the first thing they do is take away the mode of technology we’ve based our civilization upon, it’s easy to see how they just take over without even breaking a sweat.
5) This freedom of planting will help to prevent robbing, stealing and murdering.
Stoics believed in fate by virtue of the fact that all things follow basic laws of cause and effect, so all the events that led up to this moment, from the formation of the universe to the moment you were born to the moment you purchased the device you are reading this, to the moment you read it, were all the result of Universal Reason, or as we might think of it, the laws of nature.
Isolated incidents my arse. This is becoming daily occurences.
As Elaine mentioned on Tuesday, three of us are heading up to LDStorymakers this weekend. In that spirit, I wanted to offer a few tips on having a good conference experience--and even branching out of your shell a little. (I should add that these tips are as much reminders for me as advice for anyone else!)
9.) Spirited Away (Japan, 2001)
The size of the brain allows more cognitive thought so gives the ability for self awareness. Does this then mean that the soul is dependent on brain size? This certainly is not what religion would have us believe.
The primary goal of preventing disorder, as opposed to “illicit” singing, was achieved.
Well I was right about my last post. Thursday night or early Friday morning Evan tossed his cookies just the once leaving mom a fun surprise to find in the morning. At least this time he did it over the side of his bed so he did not sleep in it all night like he did once. I can't get him to come and tell us when he barfs in the middle of the night, he just rolls over and goes back to sleep.
Overall winner of the Red House Children’s Book Award 2009Winner of the Red House Book Award
Although everyone had to pay to get past the gate to see the WWII planes, the P-51 Mustang was in a class all of its own. Roped off like a fighting celebrity, the P-51 Mustang was the escort to these big bombers. Today only staring at the glory of the P-51 was allowed because no one was esteemed enough to touch it while standing on Moffett Field’s runway.
If you look at President Obama’s speech the other night, what did he lead with? He lead with manufacturing. He led with manufacturing why? Because the base of his party, the ones that are always the ones — not the base — the swing vote in his party, the ones that Ronald Reagan was able to get — we call them Reagan Democrats up in Pennsylvania. Those are the blue-collar working people of America who know that this president has left them behind. He has a plan for them, and it’s more dependency, not work, not opportunity.
I learned at the event that the florist store was actually their very first outlet, so I must have been one of their early customers! They are now featured in Nordstrom department stores, so have clearly come a long way. I also learned that the company is called Tea because Tea is something that is universal across cultures. One of the unique things about the collection is that each season they pick a country, visit it and use the culture as inspiration for the prints and styles of the clothes. This fall's collection was inspired by Mexico.
Well, I have always wanted a farmhouse sink, and thanks to Ikea Domsjo's simple style, functional deep bowl, and crazy affordable price, that is actualy a reality now in our new kitchen. It seems to have the looks, and I know it definitely has the price. The single bowl sink (perfect for our small kitchen) is just $185.99. I have also heard from Meg that she used it and loved it and would recommend it. Then I saw it in featured in House Beautiful, and with that on top of the personal recommendation, I was sold.
I've had this 1950/60's picnic hamper for a while but have finally got around to cleaning it up and sorting it out to take to the vintage fair tomorrow.
- Noise Annoys
"Speaking one's mind.
(Have had a bit too many hits lately from people entering Woven Hand in search engines. Especially The Threshing Floor. Finding Fall On Me.)
Ultimately, A is an album full of dread about what has already happened and what may come. He puts on a straight face and conjures a narcotic and dazed aura around each song, but dig beneath the surface and there are countless ghosts that haunt every track. A puts on a brave face, but the fractures reveal themselves with time and make it one of those albums that you listen to when you want to enshroud yourself in defense of your own woes.
These people were all employed at agencies. They were mostly working in account service and media departments. They were a very bright, young, engaged, and attentive group.
More than three quarters (77 percent) of Brits prefer to buy CDs, DVDs and games online, says KPMG.
1/2 cup applesauce
So, this week I started. I'm driving about 90 miles one way to the flight school everyday and back. Which is a royal pain in the ass, but I've driven longer for flight training before. It works out to an extra 45 dollars a day in gas, but if I can find a hotel down there for that, I'll just commute once for the week from now on.
I tend to empathize with Dog and advocate to my husband on his behalf, much like I do with the kids:
Alex St. James was a younger son and would not inherit. He is fine with that. With more than enough woman and money he was content but now he has a mission. A missing key which he must find for his grandmother. He must breach the home of his families sworn enemy.
Highlights in January included brewing Port Street Beer House's 1st Birthday Anniversary Saison, with Jonny, Will & JP (Port Street) Toby from (Red Willow) Jay from (Quantum) the Magic Rock guys & Mark Tranter's (Dark Star) superb Saison yeast strain made for a great day.
Buy In %: 0.00%
And she herself gets older.
He was sick one more time early the next morning and once again, made it outside.
Heartiest Congratulations to you Priya .... Keep us drooling with your yummy recipes.
He grabbed the .22-caliber pistol he kept next to his bed and went to investigate. He found two young brothers who had been secretly invited to party with an 18-year-old relative he had raised like a daughter and her younger friend. The young people were paired up in separate bedrooms. There was marijuana and sex.
I finally forced myself to follow through with the DNA collection – the idea suddenly scared me and I found myself repeatedly putting it off. “What in the hell was I doing?”, I thought. “What are you waiting for?”, I told myself. “The answers you seek are just a few weeks away – let’s get this done!” I finally mustered up enough courage and carefully followed the instructions. I scraped the insides of both cheeks in my mouth – making sure that the lab got a TON of DNA skin cells on both of the swabs. I let them carefully air dry for 3 hours as instructed, sealed them into the lab packet, filled out the ID information, placed it all in the special envelope, and placed a shitload of stamps on the envelope so that there’d be no way that they’d be returned due to lack of sufficient postage. I completely obsessed over the entire process. My packet was at the post office and mailed within 3 days of receiving it. Now, I would wait.
One good method to work your way to linguistic talent is to develop a friendly relationship with books. I’ll talk about this next time. Books are friendly things: they nurture you in the arts of using language, demanding no more gifts from you than an ability to flick pages – and, best of all, they do all this without sticking labels
However, today, I also wanted to focus on Spring and the "rebirth" of the season; not only in the beautiful flowers and trees that are popping out, but in the wildlife. I love listening to the geese honking on our lake and the birds chirping in the woods behind us. Then, there's the deer with her fawns frolicking through our yard. The apron I made for this month's give-away represents all of that...Nature in full bloom.
This multitouch-capable MIDI controller app communicates with your Apple Mac your Windows-based PC, and even standalone hardware synths, via Wi-Fi. So you can control all of your music applications with just a few finger gestures without having to sit at your desk, and the best part? No annoying cable.
A significant difference between contemporary art and traditional art is the split between form and meaning. This Cartesian duality is the split between mind and body, subject and form. The split is in all the various forms and styles and substance and meaning, of the respective art forms. In architecture contemporary buildings look like objects they are not which is why they are given comic nicknames - The Gerkhin, The Cheese Grater, or Liverpool's Catholic Cathedral, The Mersey Funnel. The form is not related to function - the interior of a modern cathedral could be anywhere.
I woke up yesterday in a pretty gloomy mood. Went to get my blood drawn and kept having these thoughts that I had just been there a week ago with such a radiant smile and glowing heart because we were actually pregnant! Now, I was going back to check how my beta was progressing down…Or apparently up
After the client I headed home to type up my client notes and have lunch, then get everyone Batmanned up for the aforementioned party.
Freq. Flyer Crackhead pt: Whatever, doctor, this is BULLSHIT. I know you do cocaine, too, I CAN TELL, just by lookin' at you!
Mare51089: dude
Personal:
The first phase of the counterrevolution was the legalization and regulation of those accomplishments of the revolution that appeared irreversible. A decree of October 7 by the Communist minister of agriculture, Vicente Uribe, legalized certain expropriations -- namely, of lands belonging
Just to give you some of the highlights, there were a few standout beer and cheese combinations that seemed entirely made for one another. For instance, the 2007 Brooklyn Monster barleywine with the Thomas Hoe Stilton was out of this world, with contrasting flavors that somehow seemed to meet in the middle, and the carbonation handling the transition from earthy and barnyardy to sweet and malty. Also, the Saison Dupont and Stilton matched quite well, and it even handled the Blue de Basque deftly.
raised beds (9)
Here’s a fun little quiz to test your lay/lie understanding: Select one answer from the choices provided after each sentence.
But every year, around the middle of November, Christmas related thoughts start infiltrating my brain.
Bargaining: I can change! I know I haven’t been the person that I was when we first started. I know I have been posting less, commenting sporadically, but it’s not my fault! I’m going to work every day trying to make people’s lives better. There is only so much of this man to go round! But come back, just come back! I’ll do anything if I could just see your chirpy little avatar sitting where it belongs, nestled like a tiny dormouse amongst my amazing followers.
The ground is flat; I'll grow more wide;
–Heather Jagman
A crunching sound heralded another problem; the door had begun to smash bits of concrete off the lip of the ledge where they stuck up. The ledge itself was completely blocked by the door, and they needed to be on the other side of it. Rissad was lost in his pain, grunting as he poked at his chest.
Obadiah blinked and tried to remember if he’d ever seen anyone else in the cafe, apart from who he could see now. He tried to remember if he’d ever seen either of the men move or speak or how he came to work for Mr Shamus O’Neewl on his farm. His memory was not obliging, instead of pictures and sounds and smells and other such things, it offered fog and fatigue. Obadiah shivered with something that wasn’t cold and narrowed his eyes. On the bar stool where he usually sat and took his dinner was another large spider. Obadiah looked quickly to Mrs Maple to check whether she’d spotted it but Mrs Maple didn’t show that she did. He approached the stool carefully, looking back at Mrs Shamus O’Neewl and Revd Bilkin neither of whom looked up from what they were doing or showed any signs they were aware of either Obadiah or anything else in the world. The spider moved slowly, lazily until it had turned around on the seat and was facing Obadiah. It seemed to have several eyes all of which appeared to be appraising Obadiah gravely.
It can be said that New Labours "ethical foreign policy" expired in the House of Lords in the early hours of a dark and windy night in 2005 at around 2am, any idea that "we are all in it together" expired in broad daylight live on television something between 12.30pm and 13:30pm today. In many ways the Conservative dominated Con Dem Government’s decision to scrap the 50p tax rate for high-earners should not been much of surprise, they have in many ways simply reverted to type.
3:25-5:50: Down time, including a very early dinner.
109.
I purchased my first MobyWrap when my first baby was just a few weeks old and used it all the time. Your baby is held close and snuggled up to you due to the one-way stretchy fabric. My baby loved it and would be so happy in it for so long. My husband enjoyed wearing our son in our MobyWrap too. I'm looking forward to using the MobyWrap again with our new baby (he's a week old!). :-)
Random Facts About this Blog.
Woman is not only able to understand the sacrifice: she knows how to sacrifice themselves.
All in all this event was excellent. My only complaint? Get more trash cans. Half the time I was looking for somewhere to throw my trash away.
Mr Snow (to Hal): “We’ve come to rescue you as you knew we would. Why haven’t I told you to join me? Because I have you already, heart and mind.”
At the end of the days when I was to work with teachers and do model lessons at school, I was physically and emotionally exhausted. The learners wanted to do what I was showing them (usually a constructivist activity) and the teachers were frustrated (more likely feeling threatened) because I was doing something so different they themselves wanted to join in as the learners did but were embarrassed because clearly I could not possibly be teaching…..the learners and myself were not ‘copying notes’ and we were having too much fun!
Lucy now only insists on her root beer in goblets. Who is this girl?
I really enjoyed the visit and there were lots of interesting questions.
Now, I’m not saying this for your benefit, because most of you probably already know this. I’m simply stating that fact so I can remind my brain to stop making me act like I’m seventy! And eleven. At the same time.
You're So Vain - Anna Waronker (Carly Simon)
Because one can never have too much liver in their diet - for my 'main' I got the Grilled Liver market sherry gastrique, potato puree ($14) our server had let me know that this was going to be a pork liver.
“What is that sound you hear? Ah yes, it is the Spirit of the Fringe being throttled by Big Business. Not a nice sound.”
There are rules which I may or may not abide by, but I’ll get to that in a moment. First, I must thank the person who nominated me for this dare I say awesome award. I know awesome is the most over used adjective in the English language and as such it is an appropriate adjective to describe the Glitter E. Aynus award. However, since I granted H.E. Ellis the very first Most Awesomely Awesomesauciest Awesome Award of Awesomeness that I recently created, I think that served as preemptive thanks.
I'm so tired of cleaning up....washing...folding...cooking...shopping...planning....vaccuming...sorting...
#8 1956 Charley Rosemond EP Ysleta 880 Yards 1:55.5
06. Hemmorhoid Blues
So in terms of Equal Money – if you don’t “Get-It” Then good – That means you are “getting it” because based on the level of the current brainwashing of this world, it is likely that anyone that claims to know exactly what Equal Money Is, Bull-shitting – Which is how to tell the Deceivers apart from the ones who are actually interested in a Solution for this World – Deceivers will claim Equal Money won’t work as if they “Know” How Equal Money is going to work. Those that are really interested will go do the research within realizing that they are not yet Grasping what this Equal Money System is all about.
the fallibility of the statement of naivity can be proven only by connecting that thesis to the simultaneously expressed strong emotional outburst, that emotional outburst is the signal of the lie about the naivity of the starting point, while that emotional outburst is actually needed to change in that very moment of expression the position where one resides repeatedly to that of its novelty, the emotional outburst works as a hammer or knife to end & beginn a position in the same move
No, nothing.
*Note: The dwarf stone thrower is more akin a ballista than a catapult, therefore it has Archery rather than Rock Lobber.
Are people, at least the post-moderns, in some sort of trance? Have they really ceased noticing things like that? I shake my head at that obliviousness on the part of many White people. I truly wonder if there is some kind of subliminal messaging added to much of the mass media’s offerings to create this curious mindset.
“Ya know what I’m sayin’… ya know what I’m sayin’?”
The pacing of Immortal Death is great. Every time I turned a page, the tension increased. Demetrius has always blamed the Malachite family for Rosaline’s death, but as the story progressed, it became clear that this wasn’t the case. Demetrius doesn’t know who his enemies really are. I flew through the pages and little by little the past was brought to light. I was able to fit some of the pieces of the puzzle together before Demetrius, but I must admit that I was completely shocked and horrified at how deep and far reaching the betrayal and its consequences actually went.
It was interesting and curious and not the least bit scary...probably not the least bit true either....BUT...
It’s a social catastrophe that has been unfolding in the wake of the smoking ban. It’s a comprehensive fragmentation of society, as long-standing friendships break up, and communities dissolve.
You can sum it all up with the chorus from one of my newest songs Looters which uses that infamous quote from Thatcher which becomes more apposite every day: “There’s no such thing as society, so steal and cheat and loot/Just one thing to remember: Make sure you wear a suit!”
Christmas break is almost over and hasn't been without incident........
Spread of Spinach and Anchovies
Ummm I hadn't heard that rumor. Joe went on Test Track with the kids while I stayed with sleeping Brooklyn. None of them died.
Hubz and I took an extra long Labor Day weekend to get some things done around the homestead. When I returned to work this morning, my co-worker asked me what I did on my 5-day weekend. I couldn't remember all the details, what we did each day, where we went, but I did recall that I put a lot of stuff in jars. Such as...
Dear Heavenly Father, thank You that though we find ourselves facing fear, we can trust in You. You alone are greater than anything that may try to come against us. Continue to teach us to trust in You in all things and at all times. May our faith fight off fear as we choose to trust. Please continue to heal Jack and provide peace to his family. Amen.
By Richard A. McCormack The federal government needs to initiate a comprehensive trade case against China in order to save hundreds of thousands — or perhaps as many as 1.5 million — jobs in the US automobile industry, according unions and trade …
And speaking of being a fan, I feel the need to slip into a bit of a fawny, gushy, crushy state. Cameron Esposito. She’s just super deluxe. Love her. I was so pleased that she did a set last night. If you ever have a chance to see her, jump on it like a beast. She kills me. And she’s fucking adorably hot with that trendy side-mullet and all. (Here’s her website.)
70% efficiency
This is just what the MIT researchers did when they used mice to study how the healthy microbial bacteria in yogurt fight off age-related weight gain.
I’ve just become absolutely sick and tired of Iran pushing us around, taunting the rest of the world, and threatening Israel and the USA. This has got to stop.
When I got married, it was in large part for his family. They were a cross between The Walton’s and The Cleavers. The first time I met the parents, his Dad pulled out the school yearbooks to see what I looked like then, but mostly to show me what his long-haired hippy son looked like back in the day. His Mom served us “Snicker Snacks” – nuts and pretzels and such. And my date rolled on the floor with his young niece and nephew who, swear to God, looked just like the two rosy-cheeked Campbell Soup Kids.
What I’m looking forward to: I’m thinking about having a 3-d/4-d ultra-sound in January just to take a peek in on him again. I know I won’t be getting another one at my OB’s office, and there’s no way I can wait to see him until April. I did a 3-d u/s with Anna, but she didn’t cooperate the first time, so we had to go back. The best time, according to the calendar on the website I went to, is mid-January for me.
I don’t need to be forgiven for loving you so much
Location: House in Batangas, cemented area near the mango trees and the duyan (hammock)
Have you ever had a vision for a project—seen it every time you close your eyes, every time you glance at a junk pile or unfinished corner of the house? On the one hand, the vision is incredibly motivating. You can see your handiwork in all its glory, feel its texture, envision its usefulness. On the other hand, the vision is tormenting. The unfinished product taunts you, haunts you with the specter of its awesomeness until you get off your bum and get to work. There’s no easy way around it.
The following recipes are from 73 bloggers in the Secret Recipe Club that join together each month to support the blogging community and are not necessarily gluten free, vegetarian, prodcuts. when looking at those recipes, use your descression and better yet make substitutions. Most recipes can be altered .
What I'm saying is that Lucasfilm probably wouldn't just set up a studio in a regular glass-and-concrete two-story office building. No, the company would probably want to build a structure that is singular in design, so get ready Design Review Commission. Maybe for something out of the ordinary but also potentially beautiful. The company's Skywalker Ranch features buildings in a variety of styles: Victorian (above), Art Deco, Crafstman and Frank Lloyd Wright "prairie" style. The proposed 269,701-square-foot Grady Ranch studio was to be a mission-style building, and Lucas was the "principal designer," according to the Grady Ranch website.
I don't care much for Crocker. I think he is vulnerable and I wouldn't shed a tear, if he lost. I don't know why he got into a death match with Chirigotis over the Centerville DCPC, but I do agree that it was a very dumb idea to turn over responsibility for town zoning to the CCC. Who in their right mind would do this?
1 Tbs. brown sugar or Agave nectar
But when I look ahead up the white road
The reviews are from Amazon.
But still that doesn’t get what I heard this morning. I was caught by verses 17 and 18 of John 10…
First off, we’ll talk about yesterday. Yesterday was our first day in Tikal, it was really fun. Once we got to our hotel, they said that we have a pool and a restaurant at our hotel. First we put our bags in our room, and we went to eat. The cool thing about the restaurant is it’s just like if you’re eating at a fancy restaurant, with the utensils you have to work inward with, like the outside fork for your salad. They give you soup before your lunch even if you don’t order it. We had hamburgers for lunch.
Abandoned hopes
Well this is a little more of what a like to photograph.
The police identified him as Jason Russell, aged 33. After concluding that he was harmless, they sent him to a hospital for treatment. I’m glad to say that his wife has remained loyal and steadfast throughout the ordeal:
Does this mean that the Cosmos is coming full circle?
Add garlic and tomatoes and continue to sautee
from the seedlet to the rose's bloom.
Colin slapped his notebook shut and jumped up. If Doc was going to let him write as work, he was going to be Mr. Alacrity when he was needed. “Ready!” he said, snapping on his helmet. In two minutes he was piloting his Chinese scooter down the street, three pizzas bungeed to the rear cargo rack.
Ian Anderson- flute and vocals
Thanks everyone for leaving comments and sharing chicken wisdom!
I still have a few pieces of the silk velvet available if anyone else fancies a bit to play with.
I printed out a picture of the ship for reference. I didn't intend to add much detail but needed an idea of the general shapes.
(Comment. It would appear that Chinamaringa was a very old man and that Chidziva in handing over the chieftainship to his older brother was being courteous to him but retained the rent power in his own hands. )
On Sunday, we will wear white. The game is at 3:00 (arrive by 2:30) in West Virginia and it will take approximately 1 hour 20 minutes to get there. I’ll send directions tonight. If there is interest, we can coordinate a caravan. (We can talk on Saturday).
Actually I inked this up two years ago and when I was home in NZ on holiday and cut the frame with Spellbinders (my Cuttlebug lives in NZ) to bring back with me to Greece to play with and then I never got around to colouring her in! How awful to leave her there like that alone and uncoloured! Actually I have a few of her sisters that also need to be inked up!
I’ll give you a couple of examples.
Gregory: they are in my imagination
Here’s the bowl (a gorgeous Elsa Peretti Tiffany Bowl! Nicest piece of crystal I own. Thought it would be fun to use here)
As the first casualty staggered lost around Leeds, the party continued to go from strength to strength. A combination of unlimited time, unlimited booze and being surrounded by all your friends at once provided the perfect excuse to forget all about deadlines, exams and placements. An excuse, which my friend proved, was as good as any. As you probably know once a party gets into the swing of things all basic house rules tend to be forgotten: smoking is allowed in the kitchen – in fact we are so accommodating you don’t even have to be near a window. Sofas aren’t there to sit on, don’t be silly – they’re there to stand on! Oh and who really needs a smoke alarm in the living room? It’s yours for the taking… (Please, please sense the sarcasm). However, many people, including my friend “Ginny” (not her real name, but a title which seems entirely appropriate due to the bottle of Gordon’s she was hugging tight all night) did have the courtesy to lean out of the door when the inevitable happened. And that alcohol-fuelled mess, thankfully, we can leave for nature to wash away.
As every one of us sometimes learns,
There’s an elegance in two points of view that tangle, overlap, and eventually converge. When it’s done correctly, you jump from train to train with a building sense that the two will soon collide. You wait with baited breath at every near miss. When the two finally come together, it feels organic, natural, and often explosive.
We LOVE how this bathroom turned out! I can't wait to do the master bath. But my husband has asked that I finish the kitchen before I move onto another room.
while our beloved visitors were in town the weekend before last, we took a day trip to napa.
Kay: Newt Gingrich changes his positions
Last month, a Greek prosecutor filed felony charges against a prominent banker over a financial scandal that led to the EU/IMF-funded nationalization of small lender Proton Bank (PRBr.AT).
* Pemandu, which stands for Performance, Management and Delivery Unit, was set up last year under the Najib administration as one of the pillars in his Government Transformation Plan… is a massive drain on resources. In a span of two months the government spent RM20 million just to pay 50 consultants,.
Something that has always intrigued me about brilliant people is that often their quotes can transcend time and remain applicable to society no matter what the era. Like many people, I’m a fan of Bukowski and the quote above is a perfect illustration of transcending time.
The democracy icon’s failure to fulfill an election campaign promise to undertake agrarian reform as the centerpiece of a social justice program to alleviate poverty and remove one of the major causes of unrest led to a demonstration outside Malacañang in January 1987—11 months into her presidency. Thirteen protesters were killed by government troops.
I suppose it could be said this is my favourite band. Maybe. I can never make my mind up about things like that.
-baseball slide sending Sheamus to the outside.
… There are simpler, more competitive ways to ensure that the Rose Bowl and others would release the two top teams to the BCS. By doing this, the DOJ would make quality teams available to a playoff and prevent the BCS from locking up all potential rival champions. This would allow an entrepreneur such as Mark Cuban, a network such as ESPN, or the NCAA itself to develop a playoff in competition with the BCS.
Five minutes later I emerged, fully dressed, and headed towards the kitchen to pour a second cup of coffee. I was surprised to find the door to the guest bedroom ajar, their bags gone, and the key hanging on a hook by the front door. I had never heard them leave.
As a Mother, all we want for our children is for them to be happy.
First, get yourself a beer. I bought a 6-pack of Asahis just for this occasion and drinking Asian beer while preparing these sandwiches made it even more fun.
The consumer price index (CPI) checks the price difference of a market basket of goods over time. So a CPI of 5.2% suggests, in a very simplified way, that most of what you buy will cost 5.2% more.
I understand perfectly well that we have case law on the subject and that all the individuals mentioned above must live somewhere. It is an issue of humanity. But I also know that because most people function on the principle of not-in-my-backyard, property values will plummet wherever this new government “corporation” places one of its 30-year-deed-restricted houses. This will lead to lower property values, more foreclosures, and outright flight.
I didn't really talk to Dr. Barnette about letting her go to church, gymnastics, ect. He is usually pretty leniant if he thinks their counts are pretty good. Nursery has been a little bit scary but I usually go in and be the germ monitor. Luckily it is a sernior nursery. She is LOVING cheer, gymnastics and being social. I think it really makes all the difference. She is getting her muscle back and coordination. I think it is the best thing for her. Oh and that cute little bum.
The state Senate passed a bill last week that would ban Ohio residents from buying lions, tigers, bears,elephants, wolves, alligators, crocodiles, and certain kinds of monkeys as pets, unless they follow strict guidelines.
I live in a house with teen girls, so for the last few years I’ve been inundated with Taylor Swift. Swift has a rather clever tune entitled “Our Song”, where she describes what comprises the soundtrack of her romance. Their soundtrack isn’t a particular song, but it’s the slamming screen door when they run out for a date, or the way he laughs, or the whispered phone calls late at night. These things encapsulate their relationship.
The Master output routing is the output you hear at the Master track (outputs 3/4 in this case). The Pre-Listen output is reflected on an additional pair of outputs from your audio interface. In the figure above, we are pre-listening on channels 1/2.
The disadvantage then is that you bear the risk, however we do not seek to profiteer from this, and so the charge is based on the loss incurred by us.
It almost did. A little over an hour and a half of sipping wine, enjoying the company of Mister Dickens and his characters and feeling all snug and nineteenth century.
The best thing about the B-36 was that it was relentless. Even when it wasn’t flying it was still killing people. Apparently slapping on those ancilliary jet engines cost so much fucking money the USAF couldn’t afford to build hangers large enough to house the things, so they just stored them outside. This was a problem for their aircrews considering most of them were stationed in Alaska, ready to fly over the Bering Straight in case shit got real and annihilate whatever the fuck passes for a strategically valuable target in Siberia.
HUGE congratulations :) Please email me your address at nadiac78@hotmail.com as soon as you can and I will post the goodies to you :)
I actually went to three museums Sunday along with the market, but made smaller posts so I could use more pictures!
Snakes On a Plane
Question: In 2010 (last year data is available) social spending in Greece was cut by 1.8bn Euros.
was the highlight of my night.
If you read the list below, you will notice that most attempt to take advantage of PHP. Others try Wordpress, perl, graphic images, logfiles, javascript, etc.
My birthday was whilst I was away and of course that called for me to make a meringue :-) The children made me some lovely handmade gifts, Mr Sweetpea got me a diamond ring which was lovely (nothing too huge but perfect for my dainty fingers) and my sis got me a 'Keep calm and have a cupcake' sign and a lovely box to hold buttons or threads in. The lovely Bearsfootprints made me a wonderful Bee keyring, she machine embroidered it herself - it is adorable (I will post a piccy next time). I was also given some money from everyone else to spend at some point - my Mother-in-Law joked that I may have spent it by my next birthday :-) I think after years of saving and paying our mortgage I am not really sure how to spend properly any more.
There’s not. I have things that I love. My drawing pencils and kneaded erasers. My soldering iron. My glass grinder. Everything else that I’m in love with are people and they know who they are. I have been careless with them, too, but life and loss have made them treasure beyond value. What is that saying? “You never know the value of a moment until it becomes a memory.” I’ve spent lots of moments without a thought that they are a limited resource. I try not to do that.
Inspired by his bravado, we stuffed the envelope into his shirt and told him to leave it lying on the carpet. I hoisted him up to the window to set him on his way and he clambered into the bungalow with extraordinary agility. Like an experienced cat burglar, Darrell the Squirrel was in and out of there in a few minutes – with mission very much accomplished. I helped him out of the ventilator and into the arms of his anxious mother.
This brings us to Saturday night. I went to the jimjilbang (sauna and hot tub house) with a couple friends and met an interesting fellow, a former Marine, who was sort of hiding from the Western world here. He had a handful of years left of his career and was looking to find a home in Asia, either in Japan or Korea.
I’d love to hear your super-sleuthy analysis … as always!
It's been a while since I've driven a GM vehicle, as I drove a Pontiac years ago. We also have a Sunfire currently, although Mr.Smith would love to have a GM truck. I still dream of getting him that vehicle one of these days. Perhaps with this contest? ;)
“To listen to Rey is to abandon all hope of ever viewing the world in the same
Tommy gets the solo star bullet and it came up on top. His cartoon is kind of lame. In "Ball Four", a book Tommy has disavowed but is presented quite well in, it is explained that he showed up in Seattle's spring training camp fresh from his military tour in the Air Force. The service thought so highly of him that they invited him back offering him the position of staff sergeant if he re-upped. Tommy's response was "You can make me a general and I'm not coming back."
I. Security Depends on Us Passing Paper to Each Other
Getting Around:
He tried desperately hard to explain that though he was ‘mocking’ Mr Chen at that time, he was hoping Mr Chen would explain how the government can improve on the Budget.
Another observation involves temperature. As one decreases temperature, there is a tendency for liquids to form solids. One observing that tendency could reverse the logic and test if adding heat could make a solid form a liquid. In each of these cases, the observation would be accurate, testable and sound. Therefore, inverses of some logical observations can also be true.
I wish those were the ONLY four things that have gone on the past few months....but if you have followed me in the past you only know better! I will be following up with a post about some products I am loving right now, and if you have any questions about Unveiled or my Market America products, email me! I would love to talk to you!
CASH IN THE ATTIC: John Lumic hosts the show where couples go into their attic and look for valuables to sell for profit at auction; what they don't know is that a Cyberman conversion squad got into the attic first.
None of that is necessarily a criticism of the book. We all have to focus somewhere, and Gauntlett does touch on these issues a bit in his final chapter ‘Web 2.0 – not all rosy?’ Still, I was surprised not to see more on the sociologies of work, expertise and technology and finished the book wanting to hear more about anti-social aspects of DIY culture. I also suspect Gauntlett would get an intellectual kick out of the various aesthetics of steampunk maker culture (old post I wrote on an exhibition of such work).
Dec 5th – wishes y'all could see what I'm seeing right now. Praying that the body of Christ would stand for those who cannot stand for themselves like we were CREATED to do! This isn't optional, people!
Sorry for the weird work bathroom shots with lights that make me look like a member of the walking dead, but I’m headed out right after work to my buddies skateboard zine release party thing? I don’t know. But I paired this outfit with flat, brown ankle boots that lace up. So lowkey. So comfortable. I told you, I’m obsessed.
Chorizo Brats with Grilled Avocado, topped with pico de gallo--photos and recipe to follow! We had this over the weekend poolside and it was out-of-this-world good. I can't wait to make it again and share the recipe with you!
She's doing well. Mostly a happy, content baby. People comment on her pleasant disposition. But of course that isn't always the case. She cries, and fusses, gets frustrated and angry. Sleep still is hard on me. We've put a futon mattress on the floor of her room - an attempt to slowly transition her out of our bed, while allowing me (or my dh someday) to still sleep with her. It's only been a few nights. And some of those nights I've brought her back to my bed because it's so much more comfortable, and if she's not going to sleep well, I might as well at least be comfortable in between the wakings!
His most important contribution, however, was his philosophical work. He was known as a tireless and ardent defender of rational epistemology against all forms of empiricism. His philosophy is built upon the view that all human knowledge is dependent upon God’s revelation. With rigorous logic he argued that the Scripture should be taken as the starting point for every kind of knowledge and that all things should be deduced from the propositions contained in the bible. He applied a logical process to the bible similar to what is used in mathematical fields such as geometry where biblical propositions are accepted (axioms) and then all other truths are logically deduced from them. He was unwavering in his application of these methods and had the courage to follow the logic to its ends even if led to rather unpopular positions and he did not shy away from defending his views against those who disagreed with him. He was a devastatingly effective debater who would start with the assumptions of his opponent and then argue logically from them to absurd conclusions that they could not accept. Once he exposed contradictions within their system he would argue for the acceptance of his dogmatic Christian view.
sounds delicious... right??
Ironically enough, I made it through 2 sentences of this post before getting a call from Emma that she needed to come home from school again today. ~sigh~ 1.5 hours she lasted before she felt too sick to stay. Well, at least we tried. She collected her work for the day and we’ll add it to the stack.
Earlier today Eric Fehrnstrom, a senior adviser to Mitt Romney, said on CNN “Well, I think you hit a reset button for the fall campaign...Everything changes. It’s almost like an Etch A Sketch. You can kind of shake it up and restart all over again.”
What could be better than strolling through the farmers' market and picking out some beautifully local gown veggies? I'll tell you! Getting vegetables out of your (or your friend's) garden. While our garden is still trying to grow up and mature, some of my friends' gardens are producing crazy amounts of gorgeous vegetables.
And the moral of this tale? ...That following years of hard work and numerous knock-backs, success starts happening when...
June and July were the calm before the storm. August – a month when surprise ‘spates’ arrive and inundate fields of ripening grain, sweeping all before them into overflowing ditches, burns and rivers – brought two downpours. Central riverine communities sandbagged doors, secured and taped windows. And still it came. September there were three more floods; this time the river Don burst its banks in several places: in Kintore a farmer died in his tractor, caught out and drowned, unable to extract himself from floodwaters.
Unlike the solar eclipse, a lunar eclipse can be watched with the naked eyes and it is also perfectly safe to venture out in the light of the eclipsed moon! This was the second for this year.
That said, lets get to food. In a skillet, heat the oil. Add the mustard and chili flakes till they sizzle. Add all the other ingredients. Cook for 3-4 mins till the tomatoes break a bit, the onion and mushroom softens.
What few people are admitting is that Germany is really the odd one out in the Eurozone rather than Greece. Its economy is not like any other of the Eurozone economies.
Here's a peek at the inside . . .
Welcome to the weekly countdown to Lavender Graduation 2012! This year’s theme is FIERCE! This year’s keynote speaker: Provost Ana Mari Cauce! Not to be missed….
The drive goes through the valley and then up 4,000 feet and then back down again. There is only one way to get from my house to hers and so if there is a accident on the road, traffic can back up for hours and hours. The weather can also change abruptly and the winds are usually high.
IPTV – Sky on track to launch Now TV in H1: UK media company BSkyB has confirmed that its new online TV service ‘… bit.ly/JQjxdl
I am a little lost on why the Patriots signed Gaffney, they have signed a number of other WR’s in the off-season already. The Patriots signed, Anthony Gonzalez, Brandon Lloyd, Donté Stallworth and now Jabar Ganney. This list does not even include the current WR’s they have on the roster. I am unsure how they plan on using all of these WR’s, but maybe they don’t really even care to do that. I am thinking the Patriots wanted to signed all of these WR’s so no other team in the AFC can land them and have a deep threat vs them since the Patriots had a lot of issues stopping the passing game last season.
Then looking round, with a raised voice, K.H. said, ‘Of all the gin joints in all the towns, in all the world, she walks into mine.’
