Today, I stumbled upon an article written for those who suddenly find themselves in the role of caregiver, appropriately titled, “Senior Life: Suddenly, you’re a caregiver.” The article provides some insightful tips on navigating your first steps as a caregiver, such as what questions to keep in mind when speaking with your loved one’s health care professionals, what documents to have available, a reminder to keep the patient/family member involved in the process and keeping a journal of medications, insurance information and other important information.
needing the touch of breath.
A Google search on speckled berries turned up a name for this vine. It's called porcelain berry vine, and is sometimes nicknamed bubble gum vine because of the range of berry colors. It turns out that you don't want this vine in your garden. It can become invasive and is likened to kudzu, the vine that ate the South. In some states it's even illegal to plant it!
Arrayed in all her forms of gloom:
The other thing I tried to do was set myself some little goals to aim for - as Sunday was Mothering Sunday in the UK, I made an effort to get up early with the boys and bring Sarah breakfast in bed and the cards/presents they had made. It gave me a great deal of satisfaction to do that one small gesture but again helped make things feel normal.
· Setting up of AC Executive lounges at important stations
When God called Moses and gave him the assignment of bringing his chosen people out of Egypt to the land He promised them Moses first thought was “Not me, Lord. Send someone else!”
A Nerd by Nerdfighteria standard is anyone who chooses to be, not really having any set criteria although generally people who enjoy stereotypically nerdy things would be the prime candidates for this community. John Green once said in response to an enquiry about magazines and E-Book reading, "I don't care what you read, I just care whether you read".
Meigs Creek trail dead-ends at Buckhorn Gap where it meets the Meigs Mountain and Lumber Ridge trails. I stopped for a quick break and a snack before turning around to head back to the car. Sitting there enjoying my snacks I looked up to see the sun filtering through the trees. It was just plain gorgeous!
Now I could go on with the convictions our loving God gave me, but I won't. I don't want too give the whole book away. This is a must read, even if God hasn't brought you a husband yet and even if your husband is not a Christian (she talks about this as well).
The resident bald eagle population in BC is thought to number about 20,000. During the winter months, this swells when some of the Alaska population comes south to breed. Although bald eagles are naturally opportunistic feeders*, they are classed as a sea eagle, so their preferred habitat is close to the ocean. This location fits the bill nicely. It's an abandoned Canadian Forces Base located in Boundary Bay BC. It is home to a number of species of birds year round, as well as to several family groups of eagles. Yesterday morning, we ventured out to see how many we could see. We were very well rewarded, spotting no fewer than (and possibly more than) a dozen individuals. In fact, when we first arrived, we were greeted by a sentry at the entrance to the base. It was a very large mature individual in full immaculate plumage; probably a big female (Interesting fact: bald eagles are sexually dimorphic: the mature females are 25% larger than the males.)
The symposium brings up such questions as “when you read a review of art, do you actually finish it?” “How come art historians hate art so much?” “Who put Artforum in charge?” and “Will there be a contest to see which critic can write the most thorough description?”
Go and check out her fabulous blog at:
We need all the ideas we can get!
10. Sun Belt - -4.67
Oscar osculated Ophelia ostentatiously, obviously operating on the opera-opener’s often orange organization. ”Oh, Oliver! Often odd,” Ophelia opined with orchestrated optimism, oracular as an opprobrious orangutan.
Deaf Cats
After the hearing, Chabot’s clerk re-entered the proper conviction code for Zdebski. This time around, Marko said, the description that went with the code identified Zdebski as someone who had sexual relations with an incapacitated person.
In Russian practice the feast is normally referred to as the feast of the Trinity (Troitsa) rather than Pentecost, or “Pentecost” is listed as an afterthought (Pentecost). It is obvious that something quite different is at work in the understanding of the feast day.
Disorganised people I can handle. I have patience for that sort of thing. What I can't handle is being spoken to like I'm an idiot, presumably on the basis that I'm a woman.
For the first time in (way too) many months, the Core Harem (Miss Bonnie, Mistress Sandra and Mamma Ginny, with the supposed Harem Leader, yours truly in tow) gathered in DisneyWorld for a weekend of fun, and of course, food and drinks (or maybe that should be drinks and food?).
when the Saint to Saint organization met with her, they helped her assess her skills and come up with a business plan that would help her provide for herself instead of being dependent on the rice that would eventually run out. she was able to make enough to keep her and her daughter alive as well as work with the community to dig their homes out of the rubble.
Today I am feeling energised. My weekend was a lovely one- I was able to pop to Spotlight for a little browse, got lots of washing done, made chocolate brownies (packet ones) and painted with Grace, had afternoon tea with some visitors and yesterday, the four of us had a little picnic lunch at a park. Grace was well behaved – obliging, helpful and happy. As for Sophie, apart from the usual unsettled periods in the evenings, she slept fairly well and was easier to resettle when needed. She even gave me the luxury of a few longer blocks of sleep which I appreciated.
What three things about you would surprise readers?
Initially, I was going to talk about some news stories that I have read. Instead, I will chose not to air that dirty laundry. It is time that we as followers rebuke the misinformation and start spreading the Good Word. I had come across something but forgot where it is.
Medium bodied and fresh with juicy plum and cassis fruit together with rich toasty spicy oak giving hints of coffee and clove.
Turns the long light that droppeth down the wall---
Today I visited at a high school and this evening I'll give a talk at a library. Tomorrow I'll visit another school and go to Hamburg for another appearance. Friday I get a tour of Buxtehude, and in the evening I get my award. Saturday I go on a tour of the area, and then Sunday I fly back to America, to Scooter, and to keyboards with the Y where I'm used to it.
hand-in-hand boys and girls,
British-and-proud-of-it art-rock. And so the likes of Brett Anderson
Let me be clear that I do not advocate having animals declawed, but when you have a cat that has contributed significantly to the death of another cat (I skipped that story because it was too sad to tell), is aggressive, cannot be re-homed despite extensive efforts, and has made his life’s mission the blinding of the remaining other cat in the house, you have to make some difficult decisions.
The shop is due to open mid-May,
No damages or injuries were immediately reported. There were no reports of earthquakes at the time.
Niurka Davila, 47, New York, N.Y.
I have a confession to make that won’t be surprising to those of you who know me. I follow pop culture quite consistently. My study and reading breaks are spent on EOnline and People’s websites. The ironic part of this is that I watch very little television and only rarely go to the movies. But I know who got eliminated from Dancing with the Stars last night and who is divorcing or marrying or reproducing or behaving badly. What I track less obsessively are the comment threads on these stories. I have found that many of the comments are hateful, petty, and uninformed, and I gain nothing from reading them except general concern for the state of a certain segment of humanity.
striving for that which cannot be so easily silenced
I recently reread A Tree Grows in Brooklyn. Like many of my books, it was originally my mother's, and I vaguely remembered reading it when I was younger. When I found an index card tucked in the pages with my name and a sequence of numbers on it, I realized with glee that it was my 7th grade locker combination. I loved every minute re-reading the story of Francie and her family. Pretty much all of my reading happens in one of two places: on the train to and from work, or in bed. Sometimes, I get a little self-conscious after being completely absorbed in a book on a crowded train—I can only imagine the faces I must have been making as, teary eyed, I read the scene where Francie's mother shoots the man attempting to attack Francie in the stairwell. When I realized I was at my stop, I shoved the book in my bag and noticed some middle-aged guy was giving me a similar look to the ones I give the people shouting nonsensically in public. (Yes, that happens. I blogged about it.) But hey, if my funny faces keep a fellow commuter entertained on their commute, so be it.
Thanks fellas… Love your work!
THE PLANES OF BOLON
My first robot was a home computer. My parents procured for me a Commodore Vic-20, the first computer to sell a million units, and the predecessor of the Commodore 64. Billed by no other than William Shatner in a Commadore commercial as, “the wonder computer of the 1980s.” The 1980s definately had a sense of humor.
Our fireplace is designed with plaster this gives us the option of painting it or possibly using brick or other product's to embellish it. Well since it had been painted originally we decided to repaint it, but this time with a bold color, needless to say Gary and I are not afraid of color. We painted our fireplace "Blue Metallic". Now I know a blue fireplace may not be for everyone but we really love it and besides its just paint and we can change it anytime.
In North By Northwest, he engineers a chase through Grand Central Terminal featuring Cary Grant in shades alluding capture, eventually finding himself on a train with Eva Marie Saint. What makes this scene so alluring is that it's actually at Grand Central and prefaced by an awkward scene involving a fake United Nations. (Hitchcock couldn't get permission to film there; nobody could until Nicole Kidman.)
We know that there hasn’t been an excessive amount of posting these last few days. Randi has now successfully moved back to the US from Kenya and regular posting will resume shortly.
Here is her breakdown: Blog me MAYbe
Remember when I bought these last fall? Finally got them together, and as of this week planted. They were meant to go inside over the winter, and this next year will do just that. But the trial run this summer is outdoors, and includes tomatoes planted upside down..
The page 1 of the PDF file is a diagram of the layout for assembling the paper sheets together to form the sleeve pattern (2-sheets, i.e. pages 2+3).
I used the super fab DCWV "Lemon Flower" matstack for my DP--I am just loving DCWV lately. Really, ever since I went to CHA and saw their gorgeous display (and gorgeous paper) I've been a fan! The sentiment "Many Thanks" is from Garden Silhouettes.
My card today is a one layer card and one of my favourite stamps from Crafty Individuals. At first it seemed a sad image but could just as easily be used for Christmas, missing you or write soon, I love her calm and innocent face. I inked the stamp carefully leaving the edge uninked and then I smudged the ink on the stamp with a baby wipe. I stamped her on my card and made a mask with a post it note.
Yesterday, I bought a silver bracelet from Chrome Hearts. I had lost the one I had before so I went to buy it again. I like it that much!
Oh Canada!
Cute little bugger looked at me & moo'ed
What are you doing tonight.Who is having a party?What did you fix?We went easy tonight ,dip,chicken tenders,tater tots and vegetable slices..enough to keep the guys happy!
By the end of my two days, the panic was gone and I was ready to see Greg again. I knew I was going to be working with the same person I had always worked with. I did not have anything only my guts to tell me anything was awry. And more, I guess I was curious, as I often am about people, about what made Greg who he was.
You may want to settle down and say in your heart that you have found that which the Lord wants you to do. It may indeed be but a stepping stone to the next level of your life. As an example of this, after Paul was saved he sought to preach Christ in Damascus. It did not work out well for in Acts 9:23, “the Jews took counsel to kill him.” This is the time when he had to escape their hands by night escaping over the wall in a basket.
Flatware - Cambridge
This is not just a passage about an Irish family. It's a passage about the terrible power of love and its close relationship to hatred. And if you think you don't need to read about that because, yawn, it's been done, then god help you.
David Rappoccio called it "about as pedestrian and safe as a sports logo can be" suggesting it "feels like it was designed by committee," with no depth and a dull font. He observed:
I was hauling an old, wobbly, rusty, heavy metal shelf up the stairs and out to the curb when the shelf tipped and came crashing down on my arm, knocking me backward and over a pile of old paint cans. "Ouch! Oh, darn!" I said. (ahem) You should see the bruise on the back of my knee, but it's kinda hard to take a picture of...
Bundle up laptop, phone and wallet, and proceed to ladies room.
Ce Zoïle cagot naquit d'une Javotte.
credit: 10asia
Stamp and Ink: Stampin' Up
Let's take it WAY back. When Joe and I started dating (the year was 2003..yep we have been together for roughly a 1/3 of our lives. CRAZY!) he was the chef at my dad's restaurant.
Besides our organic products, you can find a lot of stands with nice handmade things.
Barclays Premier League champions Manchester City are top earning club with £60.6m
1 gelatin
* Enlarged Prostates – 19,249
My Children's Books of the Year
Ashley Brooke Roberts
Your children will love your work because you wrote it and have shared it with them - not because it’s good. If you wrote this on your cover letter, I would skim over it.
I decided to stop at the moment to step back and decide what I want to do with my life. I don't look at college as the only option for creating a happy and successful life. If I decide to become an English teacher or a zoologist, then I'll be going back to College. If I decide to become a novelist, a world
Yesterday I posted a mystery swatch that I had swimming around in my collection of nail pics. The right answer is indeed among the comments posted here
“Well, that’s what I am, yes.”
CCTV monitors have come a long way in the past few years, and it is a good idea to know how your surveillance video needs to be viewed before purchasing one. To help you make this decision we will explore a few of the basics about CCTV monitors.
1 adopted
Saute the vegetables in some olive oil until tender.
It’s clear that Idaho’s goal is to drive wolves down to the barest minimum of 150 wolves — decimating the state’s wolf population down to minimum numbers.
As in all of his books, Marston offers readers a carefully crafted mystery with a strong sense of both time and place. The sights and smells and sounds of 1660s London ground the story in history, and Marston builds his novel on that strong foundation. With its richly drawn characters, coming from both high and low society, its period details, and its clever plotting, Marston’s Redmayne series is one that will appeal to readers who have enjoyed Bruce Alexander’s Sir John Fielding stories or Jason Goodwin’s Investigator Yashim novels.
Available from LUSH stores. Priced £4.95.
- A Matric certificate
Taken November 29, 2011 at my home in Chaska, MN
Today my husband was working a later shift so before lunch, when he was playing with daughter I took the time for myself and went for a walk. No stroller to push was really nice. That same old nasty wind was there so I just started my walk facing it to do the hardest part first. I took a new trail and made it to the rotary park and followed another new path that leads to a street that I normally walk with daughter. It was nice to walk through the bush, hear the river and even some birds. When I got home 1 hour later my legs were all shaky and I was really tired. I sat down for 5 minutes and made myself something to eat, then I found out that I was not as tired anymore. I mean before it would have taken me longer to get over the walk!
I've just been crazy busy with prep for three shows in the next month, not to mention yard work, helping with an estate sale, and most importantly...life! Anyway, I want to update you on where Terri and I are going to be, and what we've been up to.
Cause she tore you all apart
Independence Brewing Co.’s Convict Hill Stout was selected from over 900 entries to become one of 18 finalists. Amongst such well-respected craft breweries like Alaskan Brewing, Brooklyn Brewery, Lagunitas, and New Belgium, the lone Texas brewery looked like the “little brewery that could”.
Now that is pretty exciting. It’s not the first book contract I’ve signed, but each one is a special thrill. So I’m adjusting to the idea that in 3 or 4 days (the publisher is in Maine) I will be signing another book contract.
Looking suitably atmospheric on my bed there! It's been most welcome the last two nights too as I've shivered myself to sleep due to both the sudden drop in temperature and the germs that are rampaging through the house at the moment.
This sex-addicted culture has given us anorexia and bulimia and a slew of STDs (to say nothing of the mounting medical costs of treating said STDs). It’s given us broken marriages and scarred children who grew up without mommies and daddies. And it’s allowed men like Francis and Hefner to cash in on the objectification and destruction of women and men. It’s not liberation.
There is a Hymn in our Hymn Book called "More Holiness Give Me"
I've used a LOTV image that was stamped and sent to me last year in a RAK from my good friend Lisa, lol I can't believe how long it's taken me to use it! Once again I've used MFT die cut flowers, I love these as much as my mini round cards lately! The border and swirl are Doo Hickey dies. I dusted off the brads and ribbon from my stash. Image is coloured with Copics and Nesties used for the shapes.
Before we honor this year's winner, a word about a beers that didn't win. In my final consideration, there were really only three contenders, and a fairly clear top two. Honorable mention to Widmer Decorator, surely one of the year's overlooked beers, and one reason why I will not forsake my allegiance to Widmer, no matter who they merge with. Truth is in the pint glass, not on the letterhead, and any brewery that can brew a beer like this earns my thanks.
After he left, I was thinking. I have a list, too. I want the leaky roof fixed. I want the rotting floor fixed. I want the termite situation fixed. I want the dripping bathtub faucet fixed. I want the stinking septic system fixed. I want the well situation fixed. But I guess those things really aren’t important.
executives there were more pleased with this album.
So, I present you with a jumble of images to view on this post. I'm sure you can figure out which was which! I wonder if anyone else took up the challenge. I'm off now to look!
Oatmeal is not only a hot breakfast cereal but it is a nice additive to beer recipes. It gives them a nice creamy smoothness and also helps with head retention. The addition in this recipe is perfect to give a nice frothy head and a smooth texture while it crosses your tongue.
The leaks about the operation from the American side have infuriated British intelligence officials, who had hoped to continue the operation.
So don't feel too sorry for us. Ha!
Lua Cheia Beach Camp (255-777-424-588; luacheiabeach.com) has high-end tent camping along a private beach on the extremely secluded north end of the island. Full board for two, from $250.
Sometimes we may be better skilled than others in something. If we don’t find other strengths in others in a context, we should let others contribute in this area with this skill and we move to bring in others things on board.
08/04/2010 BUY 0.01 USDCAD 1.0190 08/06/2010 1.0243 +5.08
In the next couple of sessions the range of 5500 to 5550 is likely to provide strong resistance. The short term trend of Nifty is likely to remain sideways and upward breakout is placed at 5565 levels.
I know most of you are mothers out there and make sure you get all the love you deserve today.
I love the way in which the songwriters have tried to create a folk hereo out of this man - if you don't know the Calley story, you can read all about it here, including the tale of the revolting man's feeble attempts to con money out of the British media, but for now enjoy!
When she was 31, Dawn decided to read her case files, which had been kept in Slough social services’ archives. ‘I thought they’d help me find closure and make me better able to understand my childhood,’ she explains. For the first time she saw how social workers had considered it best to uproot Dawn and place her with a black family. ‘Seeing it written down made me cry with anger and regret,’ she says. ‘All the happy years of childhood I could have had were wasted.’
The Middle is the territory of the antagonists and the bulk of this character’s antagonism comes from her own mind. She can’t concentrate. She can’t meditate. She can’t let go of the past. She engages in useless longings.
i don't mean to paint a picture that i was any kind of runway model before i had a baby. and whether i was or wasn't is not the issue. it's more about things changing from how i have always known them to be. i've never been big on change. so having been accustomed to so many things about myself and seeing them change whether i wanted them to or not was/is not always easy. there have been times i did not feel like myself... not comfortable in my own skin. and i'm just now getting around to being used to the new me.
So saying, he clapped his hands. A few strange looking creatures emerged. One Death spoke up, “These are the guardians of the House of Darkness. They will take you to your quarters. They will provide you with a torch and cigar for your comfort. Hope you enjoy them. “
19. What do you wish you’d done less of?
Happy 1st of May!
Ross once said to me that I was the third most difficult person to know that he had ever met. I laughed (inside, because he was frustrated with me), because to me he was the most difficult person to know that I had ever met. I think that we were both used to other people opening up to us and not really having to say that much about ourselves until we chose to.
but at the same time, is it worth the cost to nature and this planet?
My greatest source, however, comes in the form of the screaming little bundle of joy next to me. Here are some pictures of baby Kellen, a special thanks to Chaddie and no thanks to me, since I haven't taken my camera out once. I have a whole new appreciation for why it takes new mothers so long to post pictures.
Xypherous: You must put your faith in Morello. He has suffered well at the hands of the forum mob. He has the endurance necessary to do what must be done.
I love peppermint mocha this time of year. Peppermint and chocolate in my coffee, please. If you didn’t already know about my love for peppermint mocha, you only have to check out my Raw Peppermint Mocha Truffle Cake. Going dairy-free has put a halt to visits to local coffee shops on occasion for this creamy beverage. I can stop for my black decaf, but no more mocha. Not even with soy milk.
The thing that made this so funny, is that my sarcastic, ”I could care less about a guy” roommate turned away from the dancing fool to face the band and was just moving slowly to the left and to the right, clicking her fingers. She was so close to the band, that we could hear the lead singer look down and say to her, softly over the microphone, ” What’s wrong, honey?” and the whole place died laughing. She couldn’t look at Gymnastic Boy. She turned away from him and he didn’t even notice it. He was totally involved in his routine. And boy was a routine…Whoa..there goes a spin…
* ½ teaspoon baking soda
What are we living for?
Ava and I were out for a walk. It had been a particularly difficult week for our family. Emotional decisions were made, friends had suffered the tragic loss of a pet, and the rain had been relentless. Finally, a break in the weather meant Ava and I could head outdoors for our morning walk.
First, I would like to wish everyone a very Happy Good Friday and a blessed Easter. It is going to be a beautiful weekend here in Upstate NY and I am super excited about enjoying the outdoors later today after the work is all done out in the shop.
That brings me to the class that I am offering at the Children's Miracle Crop this Saturday. This class utilizes one of my most FAVORITE tools, the Zutter Bind-It-All, along with two other tools that I really like, my Cuttlebug and Cricut Expressions. You all know I am Arr--rrr--RR tooltime about tools, especially those that plug in or make scrunching noises. You may laugh, but I have a serious problem with tool addiction! Ask my hubby, he's the first to tell you not to get between me and my tools. I OWN THEM ALL! Cricut, 7Gypsies Binderie (I'll have that at the crop), Crop-A-Diles ad nauseum, Cuttlebug, Sizzix, Sizzlets, mat cutters, knives, Melt Pot, heat guns, punches, corner rounders, cordless Dremmel tool (woo-hoo-oo), 15 rulers (don't ask), Nestabilities dies from Spellbinder, I could go on. My hubby will tell you that if it plugs in or uses batteries, it's ALL ME! I'm a sick puppy. And I digress.
When you fall like that, you don’t give a *shit* who saw you, unless they are there to carry you home on an air mattress, washing your wounds with magical liquid that fairies pee out every third full moon.
Thank you again for picking my card as a Top 3 (or 4) and for stopping by and sharing my good news.
The Nature Farm believes in making a difference to the lives of farmers, who comprise over 55% of the nation’s population. It is founded on the understanding that the diverse culture of farming rests with the rural population and any drain of rural population to the urban settlement results in the extinction of the delicate and diverse cultural fabric of the nation. The motto being, ‘Taking prosperity to the door steps of farmers’.
Even arbitrary characters in Roger Rabbit like The Weasels, Benny The Cab, and Baby Herman were built up and given enough personality that you would appreciate their time on screen and bother to look for them when they weren't there.
10) Report your results.
A couple of weeks later.
As the drugs took effect, he repeated his appreciation for those he knew who had gathered to witness the execution. “Love y’all, man,” he said. “… Thank you. I can feel it, taste it. It’s not bad.”
I got to spend a little time in the kitchen before dinner started and watched the food being prepared. These are fried plantain cups, or Tostones, which were filled with a Bluefish Ceviche in a horseradish sauce for the amuse bouche. Plantains aren’t particularly Mexican, they’re more of a Caribbean sort of thing, but I’ll cut Bite Club some slack — one of the chefs on the show is from Jamaica, and they definitely eat plantains there.
Red Cocktail Dresses selection in color from crimson and deep red to ruby and garnet. Gown shapes may vary from empire to strapless, whilst cloth decisions range between chiffon and silk shantung to velvet and taffeta. To extend the worth in the gown and permit for more wearings every year, pick a cocktail gown inside a fabric--like silk or rayon--that is seasonless. Cocktail garments intended in velvet and wool crepe are ideal worn for the duration of late fall and early winter months.
I had adjusted the water temperature to the perfect level of warmth when in Jill walked. Her naked splendor momentarily stopping me from stepping into the shower.
In the Northern Hemisphere, the summer solstice is on June 21.
Five Hours Earlier...
If you have brown eyes, wear champagne, copper, brown, apricot, khaki, and beige. Funky colors include royal blue, tangerine, hand hot pink.
1 lb white or navy beans
- Williams Frotn wing
First combine 1 Tbsp butter (softened) with 1 Tbsp brown sugar and 1/2 tsp cinnamon.
But it's a story that I think all new writers should contemplate long and hard before deciding to self-publish.
There is so much beauty online, that perhaps sometimes we forget to transfer all that inspiration to our offline world. I'm definitely guilty of this, sometimes I spend most my time working and when it's time to relax I sit in front of my laptop to read some blogs. The Tour de Word (see video below) is just one way of taking something that started as an online adventure and develop it into something to do face to face. Our Blog camps are another example of how you can take relationships and friendships developed on the blogosphere to the offline world. I haven't been to a Blog Camp in a while, but if there is one next year, you can bet I'll be there!
3 square
I normally try not to quote from people’s stage acts but, occasionally, Lewis mentions on stage that an Edinburgh Fringe reviewer once called him “mildly racist”.
I will post a picture of myself in it if it passes muster and I keep it when it arrives...to be continued...
Russia's Past Is America's Future
We think it's weak. We think it means we aren't strong enough to persevere. We're afraid other people will feel sorry for us. That they won't take us seriously. That it is a reflection of our personal insufficiencies.
Hmmm. If only I had another beautiful, long dresser that I could replace that one with.
Jesus Lizard Peel Sessions
That Which is Not Prohibited is Mandatory
Well, I figure it's about time for an update...
I have the best thing of all
So, I picked him up, got a warm wash cloth and wiped his eyes and then put a little neosporin in each eye.
WRONG - foolishly, I forgot that it is 2010 and the promise of doing anything at this point is not worth the paper it is emailed on! So Tuesday comes and Wednesday comes and still no pick up - well now its getting to be enough. When Saturday comes, I email everyone at the crack of dawn and let them know "LOOK we have free fabric you can come today!" and I posted the hours
Some of it was also on the pillow that we leave on the living room floor for the baby to lay on while she watches her Sesame Street videos. Insult to injury, anyone?
* please forgive the dull and dreary photographs.....
Giving Me a Chance–Gotye
My head frequently is like a radio set and songs like "FM" have always cleared the static.
If you are looking for formal shirts for men then get it from the famous online shopping store that is Major brands. This reputable online shopping store in India offer massive deals and discounts on clothes for men, women and kids. Also, it has fashion products such as sunglasses, watches, cosmetics and handbags of top brands. You will find different types of colors, sizes and designs in formal shirts for men . There is latest variety available in formal shirts which you can see when you stumble upon the website at men’s section. For example, Giordano brand offers variety of formal shirts for men.
A user of CoolTan Arts, who has held the discretionary freedom pass for 10 years, said: “I have a disability but it affects my mental health so you can’t see it.
The acting across the board is second and third-rate, with the worst performance given by Foyer, who has at most two or three facial expressions; most of the time it's one, a stupid scowl of disapproval. Other actors speak verrrry slowly and often use pregnant pauses when delivering a line, such as "his mail has been... interfered with." It's all overdone - all the time.
Britain’s Property Week is reporting that NAMA has sold a property in London’s Chelsea area, formerly owned by a consortium that included Derek Quinlan. The property is the 1-acre Jamahiriya School site at Glebe Place (situated south of Kings Road, between Kings Road and Chelsea Embankment in Chelsea in south west central London). The buyer is named as Orion Capital Managers and the purchase price is reported by Property Week to be between GBP 80-90m (€90-105m). The 1-acre site which accommodates a school built in 1912 (now called the Jamahiriya or Libyan school – and pictured here, click on the photo to enlarge) is to be converted into large sized apartments and “villa” houses – the planning approval from the local authority, the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea is here. The consortium vehicle which was the former owner was called Mainstride Limited, a company incorporated in the UK in 2004 and associated with Derek Quinlan. In April 2011, NAMA appointed receivers to property formerly owned by Derek Quinlan. Derek, the former tax-inspector turned property magnate is understood to be a NAMA Top 10 developer, and is now resident inSwitzerland (though apparently still reportedly sighted frequently inLondon).
① Seomjingang River Train Town
nearly five million – a little
Throughout the book there is a deep sense of mystery and otherworldliness, there were parts of the book that gave me chills and it wasn't from something in your face scary, just wrong. The story unraveled at a steady pace, with new surprises and developments around every corner. I kept thinking I had all the info but more crazy would happen. Ethan and Nara kept their wits about them pretty well considering, I'd have run screaming for the hills.
While there are a number of excellent points made throughout the article, I wanted to focus on the big #1 myth: the notion that the president of the United States has some kind of magical ability to control the price of gasoline…
There will be knock-on effects throughout the education system, also. Young people will be questioning the need to go into Higher Education (I'm told that many are doing so already). The universities themselves will be adversely affected by a reduction in student numbers. Many degree courses and even departments may need to close.
For the most part, children’s devotions remove a particular story of the from its redemptive-historical setting. This simply means that two things are being neglected: 1) the story’s original place along the timeline of history in God’s dealings with Israel, and 2) how the story testifies to the person and work of Jesus Christ, who is the fulfillment of all God’s dealings with Israel. You might respond, “Kids can’t understand this ‘theology’! But they can understand they aren’t supposed to lie!” I disagree. Kids are captivated by good stories, and good theology tells the best story.
Special thanks to Marah Mumma from Diary of a Devil Dog Wife for her expertise, and for taking the time to share it with Doable Diapers readers. Please stop in at Marah’s blog and tell her we sent you!
The kite connects the hearts in the air
1/2 cup jasmine rice, rinsed twice and drained
When leaders do not inspect themselves, people do not respect them. However, moral authority demands more than self-inspection. Accountable leaders give others permission to inspect their behavior; they’re proactively transparent. The more leaders grow in influence, the less likely their teammates are to disagree with their decisions or to question their behavior. People automatically assume a legendary leader will do the right thing.
In case you missed it, the article opens with a woman, Amy Freedman, searching for a YA book in the bookstore as a "welcome home" gift for her 13-year-old daughter. Revolted by all the "vampires and suicide and self-mutilation, this dark, dark stuff," she left the store empty-handed. The article went on to criticize the state of the YA market and questioned the validity of an industry that exposes just too much of the dark stuff to teenagers.
Dear Queen of the Underworld,
I hope everyone has had a wonderful Labor Day! My not-so-little one (he's 17) started his senior year of high school tomorrow, so a big day! I'm excited - life holds so many wonderful surprises around each corner. I hope you are all blessed! Big hugs!
Spill the blood
Mary was exposed to ideas, thinkers, talkers, scientists, and all sorts of people, through her father and Percy. She knew about galvanism, about anatomy, about philosophy. Yet it takes an extraordinary kind of mind to survey all it has been exposed to, and the turmoil and joy it has experienced, and from that create a monster that yearns for love and respect.
Add rum to raisins into a small sauce pan on high heat. Take off the heat when rum/raisin mixture starts to boil. Let cool and keep soaked for two hours The raisins will be beautifully plump and boozy. Drain raisins and keep both raisins and rum refrigerated separately overnight.
As I was running I was listing the hates and loves of running. This is what I came up with...
Embellishing the basics was easy. Baby zucchini, carrots, leeks, and fine-quilled asparagus tips lent additional color and flavors that were distinctive but never overpowering. The light, sweet, touch of dried tarragon leaves refreshed the medley with its tiny flakes of elusive licorice-mint.
That's when it hit me. Where are my friends? Who could I call on short notice to come with me?
As I was assembling this huge feature story together, I had a talk with Mounties football coach Robert Jastrab and asked him some questions regarding Irvin and Jastrab expressed his happiness and was real proud and appreciative of what Irvin has accomplished.
After a filling Indian meal what you want is a paan, a betel leaf wrapped around various substances that you specify. The classic paan has lime paste and betel nut inside, but after meals I prefer a meetha paan (sweet pan), which contains date paste, coconut, cardamom, fennel seeds, and a variety of sweet spices. You chew it, swallow the juices, and spit out the remainder. I’ve dissected a meetha pan for you here:
Breakfast at school is cereal (or porridge in winter) and toast. Once it would have been a cooked breakfast of some sort but that went before the Whirlwind even went to school.
God says we need to love our enemies. It hard to do. But it can start by telling the truth. No one had ever asked me what it feel like to be me.
Newly appointed Safety and Security minister Nathi Mthethwa has also promised to implement strict measures to deal with organised crime.
The custom dump options to be used. This value is used only when DumpType is set to 0.
My chosen date is February 1855. Charles Dickens and Wilkie Collins are in Paris with the intention of heading on to Bordeaux where Dickens has ‘business’. They will never make it there because Paris is experiencing a vicious cold snap and snow lays thick on the streets. They are staying in the Hotel Meurice, in an apartment which is “thickly carpeted and as warm as any apartment in Paris can be in such weather”. Wilkie Collins, always a sickly man, has once again been ill, but as Dickens explained in one of his many letters, he is “perfectly cheerful under the stoppage of his wine”.
I'm standing here until you make me move
This recipe is from last December's issue of Bon Appetit magazine. I was skeptical about whether or not a "steamed pudding" would actually be appetizing...luckily it was not only appetizing but really rich, delicious and special enough for Christmas dinner.
Jaggery ¾ cup
Are almost one. Blended room
I will be attending this event tonight to present my finished project and to support the next round of micro-grant applicants. This is a wonderful program for artists. I know first hand how a small grant can help a project become more successful.
It didn't go as planned because my hubs felt my daughter behind him with his spurs....which she informed me "kinda hurt"! Good try girls....maybe next year.
Chelsea 6-1 QPR
BUT...then I went through my fabric closet.......I thought I had fabric set aside for about 5 or 6 more quilt tops...but I actually counted (bad plan!) and I have fabric and plans for 11 (yes...eleven) other quits!!! YIKES. OK, it is as bad as I thought it was!
I believe those polishes and decals will be in lots of use! I'm already thinking what to wear the next weekend!!
But you know, I gave it a go. With rolled oats, because that's what I had in the cupboard. And it worked! I had to kind of squish the soggy oats in the stocking to make the 'milk' come out. I also stopped using any other products, in case she was reacting to them, or they were further irritating the rash. The redness didn't miraculously disappear, but over the next few hours it calmed down. I've even taken to making a mini-pot with warm water and just dabbing it on the skin with my finger. So there you go...oatmeal bath for soothing rashy skin!
The image is from The Angel Company and it's called Hello Baby - appropriate. The paper is all PTI as is the ribbon. I embossed with my Cuttlebug for a bit of depth and then cut everything with Nesies - easy peasy. Color is from Prismacolor.
It may not be the best that I've ever written, but it is short, and I felt that that was important. I didn't want to get the reader too bogged down by elaborating on ownership, culture, totems, self-worth, and femininity.
anyhow! without further ado, here's where i'll be in the next couple of months:
We stayed at Harrah’s, which actually charges a reasonable nightly rate for a hotel smack in the center of the Strip … because it’s old. No flashy exterior or big free showy stuff. No mall (thank god). Seriously smoky casino because you can’t smoke in restaurants in Nevada but you can smoke in casinos, and Harrah’s is old enough that the ventilation sucks. At least the newer hotels have high ceilings and lots of plant life to suck out some of the cigarette poison. They also cost probably twice as much: we split the $167/night rate between the three of us. Not bad.
Saving Private Ryan
Well I must go and get practising with my speccies. Bye xxxxx
From there, the numbness moves up the body,
After one (or two or three) more sweep up and down the aisles, I mosied back to the clearance one more time. And saw this pair of fabulous, totally un-sensible, and a little bit unnecessary, purple pair. Naturally, I tried them on and decided I had to have them.
It also makes me think about co-dependency. You know what that is right? I can’t be happy until I know you are okay and happy first. That’s an example of co-dependency. I know that one pretty well because this is how I was experiencing my middle child back when she was in high school and if I’m honest I still get this way sometimes and she’s now 34 years old! But this isn’t about her and I… this is a general question about what to do when people change.
A professor from UCLA performed a study that indicates 55% of communication comes from body language and only 7% from the words we use. In light of this study, it makes sense for anyone, whether a student just starting out in life or a seasoned business professional, to pay attention to what their body language is telling others as well as learning to read non-verbal cues from others. The following 50 body language secrets will provide you with tips you can use in job interviews, boosting your career, enhancing your social life, learning how to read other people’s body language, and what you should not do when it comes to body language.
According to Levi:
Well, this is not the first that she's had her techie encounters. She's had worse techie moments, read about it here. Definitely guaranteed to make you laugh.
*The higher the ratio of omega 3 to omega 6 fats, the more able the body is to use the omega 3 fats. A lower ratio means that the enzymes that convert these fats into the forms in which they are active in the body are more likely to be used up by the omega 6 fats.
So good! My friends and I completely ate this up in a heartbeat.
Working very close to the mic nearly always necessitates the use of a "pop filter" of some type to attenuate air blasts from the mouth. (A piece of cardboard in the way can do wonders too).
I found these videos to be intriguing because they made me start thinking about how we will be doing ministry in the future. Oh sure, there will be some components of ministry that will not change. For example, nothing can replace a face-to-face hospital visit. But what might be different just five years from now?
Why? I wonder.
How fun is that?!?!
Place all the ingredients in a medium saucepan under medium heat. Stir to combine and let simmer for about 20-35 minutes, stirring occasionally until the cranberries have popped, lost their shape, and the sauce has thickened.
The investigation found that the board tends to operate in “crisis mode” — having “to deal with one crisis after the next”.
Nothing but crappy has happened to me.
So, what are we supposed to glean from this information? Only that English is a very confusing language. Despite its confusing nature, however, it is one of the most widely used languages in the world. One of the reasons that some languages die off, while others thrive is because of their flexibility. The less a language allows itself to change, the quicker it will die off and become a dead language.
I moved on from there, to the fairy's skin. So I looked at the colors I usually use, and decided to go all out with this challenge. I have not used (that I remember) YR0000, 000 as skin colors. So Voila. I used a little BV000 in the shadow. Now - onto her hair. Hmmmmmm.... Of the browns, I KNOW I don't use the E9x series, but I don't have enough of those to work with... Plus the ones I have pretty much would make it look like her skin is peeling off of her head in strips. So that won't work. So I moved to the next least used... E70, 71, 74, 77, 79. I then added a little stardust to some of the strands to make it sparkly. The last two colors I used were for the leaves and stems - BG93 and BG96, and then Y0000 for the background.
Austin, TX 78702
grass dams. He could not resist the long
After the game, Raúl said, “I cried because it was very tough for me to come here and leave Madrid. Everything I experienced in Germany served to better the expectations that I had. I don’t have words to thank the people for these two years. Schalke is a special club for its fans.” He went on to say, “I feel the encouragement of el madridismo, they know that I’m always rooting for the club and that I wish the best for it. I know that in these two years, many madridistas have come here to watch games and I thank all of them for their support.” Rulo concluded with, “it’s difficult to explain what we’ve lived through here if you’re not here. My kids enjoyed themselves a lot and they had a great time, although I’m sure my daughter won’t remember too much of it. But the boys will.”
I am invisible.
It seems like a long stretch, but the thing is I can see all the dots so clearly, the lines that connect the general points in my life where “things changed”. I know where the people I went to my first elementary school went to high school, to college. Granted, life could have still found me here despite having never moved, but then it wouldn’t be the same me, the same person with all the experiences I’ve garnered solely because of that horrid night. The person looking back at me in the mirror would have been very, very different. I am aware of that every day.
Day 6: This day was hot (and not in a just straddled someone on the zip-line kind of way). Off we went to an indigenous community school, with a wonderful guide named Alex. I think it is important for you to know that Alex, and a guide named Jupy (sounds like: Jew-pee) who I will talk about later, would just hop onto our bus in downtown Puerto Viejo. We know Maria and Jorge knew they were coming, but we were surprised. So Alex hops on and off we go! As we drive he is telling us about the community and it's people. He mentioned that we will have a 3 kilometer walk to get to our destination. The director (teacher)?of the school walks it every day, as do many of the children. Ok! Let's do this.... Let's fast forward to 10 minutes Into the hike. It was straight uphill!!! No joke... I was in tears, it was so awful. But then you take a break and turn around and there is this beautiful valley, with a river and the mountains of Panama. I thought, "Come on girl! You got this," along with the support of a few of the people in my group who took loving pity on me, and I made it to the top! At the other side of the hill was the Freakin Emerald City, a little school, one room, with a huge field surrounded by jungle and some other buildings. Just up the way there was a little clinic, where the doctor visits 1 time per month.
We’ve got one last recipe for you this month, and this time it’s a dairy free carrot cake. This would be a great dessert to serve up at a New Year’s party or any special occasion. This dairy free option is a great alternative to those who are allergic to dairy or would just prefer to try something a little different.
I finally got a little time this evening to do a little inking on my new "Bibbity-Bobbity-Boo" Digital stamp so I thought I would share a little Sneek Peek with you!
Many years ago, I was a Girl Scout leader. Two friends and I had grown up in scouts. We’d all gone off to college and gone our separate ways, but, after a few years, we found ourselves back in our hometown together. One friend suggested that we should lead a troop, and the other two of us agreed. I called our old elementary school, and found that there was a troop of Juniors (4th, 5th and 6th graders) that needed a leader … the school year was about to start and none of the mothers had stepped up. So, we did. We were issued six little girls, and by the end of three year’s time, we had more than 20.
Hospitals622000 Hospitals
Online studies are a great way to complete the educational training required for a career in environmental sciences. With a variety of accredited online schools and colleges you can build the skills and knowledge needed to have a successful career. You will have the opportunity to choose how much time is spent on coursework, and where you study. Accredited online training programs can help you to create the path needed to enter into a successful career in the field of environmental sciences. You can train for your desired career by obtaining an accredited degree or certificate online.
An embroidered canvas
There are few moments when I actually lose control of myself.
I had a series of dreams before my main three dreams of the night but I can not remember them really, but I think that one of them took place near a strange somewhat futuristic or modern looking school and/or mall and/or a building and I remember going outside on a nice day; but that is all that I can remember from that series of dreams.
Today, I had a near death experience. Ok, no, I’m just exaggerating. I just nearly split my head open. Nearly. ‘Cause the toaster hates me. This is what happened-
– Archival copies are right now on their way to Whitehall.
The “people” who post on this blog (Etothepi, 911, Cat etc…) are fictional characters who do not represent any one person or people who have or will exist. They are amalgams; ramblings of a single or possibly infinite deranged mind or minds. They are either doctors or not. They may be human or possibly computer-generated artificial intelligence that has become pseudo-conscious and mimics actual humans.
Yield : 7 in square loaf
I feel kind of dumb when I tell people that I’ve never finished a novel. Short stories? Lots of those. Mostly for school, but I finished them nonetheless. Speeches? Yes. Again, those were for school, but I got them done.
“Jonathan Kuck.”
Have harm befall their friend
Part of this plan is to connect with others, hopefully including collaboration between the ridiculously talented George Williamson of Point Loma Nazarene University, arranging and producing a collection of Wesley hymns in the cherished holiness tradition.
Hi again. I decided to go for a surprise visit home to Finland! Last night I attended such a great party, the tripe x Vitaminwater launch party with the theme: xxx, obviously. More about that soon! Here pictured running errands in a slight hangover, totally worth it all.
So I did. I found CHA a new home with Christine of C Percy Designs. Not only is she an awesome crochet chic, she really understands business as it relates to craft PLUS is connected to lots of other awesome crafters in business too.
Remember how I told you about smiles, and pictures? This is it!
Emotionally Stable...As long as the meds keep working.
Well done that lady!!
This is the crux of the Mass – the sacrifice – the death – the separation of flesh and blood. What He offers on the Cross He offers on the altar – He re-presents this to us. He died for me, He suffered for me, He delivered himself up for me because He loves me, He wants to save me. The adoration brings us to the thought of the Redemption – the only way to be saved is through Him. Those who eat, shall be saved. But what of those who die before consuming Him? St. Thomas provides us with an extraordinary explanation.
The mayor and his entourage stormed down to Washington begging for aid for his beleagured city, to no avail. Fortunately, former mayor Philip Hone succeeded in persuading the state government to dole out millions in relief. Meanwhile, voters finally approved the construction of the aqueduct in 1836. Within the year New York experienced a burst of rapid reconstruction; the price of New York real estate post-fire soared to outlandish prices.
A huge wave at my new followers - thank you for joining me!
silver jingle in her little pocket.
As you may have seen— if you ever look at the tabs underneath the title of my blog— I published a Writing Projects page. This will have the more major updates on such as a blurb, word count, title change. It saves me subjecting you to these posts ever week. ;-) Feel free to check it out, you can even comment on that page.
The risks of exceeding the official alcohol guidelines are too often greatly exaggerated
What is required here, as in all history, is the effort to unearth, or read between the lines, the silences of the powerless, of the men, children, and especially women who have not been praised and propagandised by history’s various elites. To write, as it is sometimes put, ‘herstory’ as a counterweight to ‘history’.
is revealed again and again, one
The film ends with Randal walking out of the store, popping back in briefly to toss Dante’s sign at him stating, “You’re closed!”
7. “The Final Comeback of Axl Rose”: JJS continues to expound and elaborate his enthusiasm for music and pop musicians. Not as good as the former essay. JJS explains the id-force of Axl and his band, Guns N’ Roses. If there’s an archetype for the raw force of Rock N’ Roll, it gotta be this man, Axl Rose. The juxtaposition of force (Ax-l) and beauty (Rose). JJS shows how Axl’s life and voice itself is a jungle: welcome to the JUNGLE!!
On Thursday our dear friends lost their son Danny. The Gattens have been some of our oldest and dearest friends for many, many years. We had only been married about a year and a half when we moved to Corpus Christi in 1969. Jay was Sieg's new boss and he and Tora took us under their wing right from the start. Soon we were more friends than co-employees. Sunday evenings were spent at one another's homes enjoying each other's company. After Tora had put her two little ones down for the night we would play games (usually Scrabble) and talk and talk.
Couples will be deterred from marrying or cohabiting and there will be a greater risk of fraud in the benefits system, which already costs the country £1.8billion a year, it said.
2. Insecurity – Criticism is often a subconscious means to “elevate one’s own self image.” By putting others down, they are inwardly trying to feel more important or that “they know more.” Jealousy toward the spiritual victories of others is often the cause of criticism and belittling comments. Popular ministers of the Gospel are often the target of such tactics.
The Blue Zone by Andrew Gross
That $200 million “must be followed by annual investments, e.g., in the range of $50-$65 million for the first 15 years.” That suggests nearly a billion dollars: $200 million + $750 million. (Hultin, remember, said that $300 million could stop the deal.)
She tells me if I think it’s such a problem constantly chasing after her about things she is supposed to do then I should stop, but then if I did that I’d be looked at as a bad parent and I am not about to go down that road. I’ve worked too hard to get where I am and I am not about to stop now.
Ever feel like your life and everyone in it is conspiring to be in your way. Maybe today just isn’t your day and yesterday wasn’t either. It’s so easy to let the little voice in your head bring you down, it’s even easier to let the voices of the people around you bring you down. You have to be stronger than that, Be your own voice reminding yourself of all the good and talented things you’ve done recently and that these little annoyances won’t be around forever.
for the rain to be pure
A Gentleman Says “I Do” by Amelia Gray
Booktalk: Once upon a time, seven tiny duck beaks pecked their way out of their eggs, but the eighth egg was a little bit different. What emerged wasn’t a duck at all–he was a dinosaur! (Real dino facts in the back of the book.)
Obviously this new genetic enhancement is due to have a few issues, however I believe that they all have solutions. For example; if you are a more outgoing person than others and spend a lot more time out in the sun then you may be concerned about perhaps over-producing energy thus gaining weight. Well don’t worry about that, we can ensure that like all other plant life that over-produces glucose – our mossy skin can store those excess sugars in a tasty, nutritional fruit that grows from the tips of your elbows. This fruit can be stored for the winter months where the sunlight is more scarce.
Here are a few pics of our Living Room right before we moved in...
Notes: These should ALL be performed as singles. NO CONSECUTIVE REPS. Every one should be drop from the top, re-grip, turn-out, then go.
So there I was dashing through the brand new library to find my kids some new reads. OK, truth be told I took about an hour in the new local library full of deliciously brand new reads and I admit that I was literally giddy!! I was flyin' my Book Nerd flag high and proud that day! Anyway as soon as I picked up this book I thought my boys would love it. And they did.
1997 Buckboard Bounce (4th); 1998 Decyborg (PU bef 27th); 1999 BOBBYJO (WON); 2000 Bobbyjo (11th); 2002 Ad Hoc (BD 4 out); 2003 Ad Hoc
Would you say “yes” to your miracle?
“Maybe people have just given up,” said University of Louisville political scientist Laurie Rhodebeck. “Maybe there’s a sense that something is just broken about the state Legislature and who would want to participate in a body that doesn’t seem to want to get anything done.”
Favorite sport?
Every tear in my eyes immediately left my face. I looked over at Diane and she had lost her composure. I have never felt so welcome, so special, so honored as I did in that moment and it occurred to me that I was getting an earthly glimpse of what heaven is really like.
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter for real-time CBX news and updates!
I believe I want
(Just joking: this isn’t the entire Dutch army. In case you were planning to invade us. I’m pretty sure there are more people involved in keeping our country safe.)
1 onion, cut into chunks
#4 Cinderella
There’s a sense when Gough says that he wants “less good taste, more ideas, less melancholy, more va va voom” (and so on) in Irish fiction, that he’s making a virtue out of a necessity, and proclaiming those to be the desired qualities because that’s the way he happens to write. Shouldn’t the work speak for itself? But then, he does have these qualities and an ability to deploy them to good effect. Indeed, a shortage of ammunition is not one of Gough’s weaknesses. The book is both exhausting and invigorating. It has so many cultural references (from song lyrics to literary motifs) that reading it is like keeping track of the film homages in Shrek. It has things to say about economics, quantum mechanics, literature, even skincare (“a biro’s inner, ink-filled plastic tube is your only man for removing a blackhead”). It has an obscene villanelle. It has a surfeit of what J.B. Priestly called Komic Kapitals and too many silly jokes to count, including perhaps the worst forced pun I have ever read. (And I don’t mean the bit where Tracey Emin and Eminem join forces to fight for women’s rights and call their cause feminemineminemism. I am referring to a punchline bringing together Dylan Thomas and a colourblind pornography cameraman.) Sometimes, what seemed like a nice throwaway conceit in the last book (such as Jude having surgery to look like Leonardo DiCaprio) now seems like a millstone that Gough must forever keep his eye on: and then again it can spur him into greater inspirations of creativity. Gough has not so much killed his darlings, as filled the book with them.
One of the best known groups of heretics in Europe also take their name from this word katharo. They are the Cathars who are refered to in the Council of Nicaea in 325 but which emerged as an autonomous movement of strict Christians in the 12th Century in the Rhineland and Northern France. These heretical, ”wrong-choicers” were completely exterminated with the loss of many pruned and roasted body parts by the 12th and 13th century Inquisitions. The Cathars had some strange ideas about no re-marriage afetr widowhood and who also maintained that there was no way to do penance for sin that was committed after baptism. A rather serious bunch they were. A kind of puritanical movement before the Puritans if you know what I mean? How ironic then that the Cleansed Ones = Cathars were “cleansed” by the Inquisition. Something Rwandan with Auschwitzian echoes here don’t you think?
Friday we went to Moka Danse and we got there around 10. Since there was another special occasion milonga nearby, it wasn't nearly as crowded as it usually is. We met with a friend who recently came back from BsAs with a pair of Comme il Faut for Debbi, and once she put them on, Deb was so happy we quickly went to the dance floor to try them out. And they worked! Debbi was moving well and we had a couple of fun tandas.
PS...kinda funny that the California Raisin my nephew set on the desk a week ago sat there as cool as could be and watched the video debacle unfold (which you can't watch because Blogger won't upload it.).
For my own sanity, and hopefully yours too, here is a list of planning tips I like to follow:
The best of times.
Here i have two lil covers that go over Wine Bottles or any type of drinks bottle to jazz it up a bit and give as gifts. They are very simple as i did these in one of the shop demonstrations recently!
There have been an up-side-downsy past few days here, and I missed posting on One Flower Wednesday because of it! Thank goodness Wednesday comes once a week and I can show off my lovely creation next time around! I spent the first few days of the week worrying about my sister-in-law in the hospital and spending time with her there while she recovered fro a serious bout of a fluid filled lung caused by pneumonia. After which I would return home and crash. Thankfully Mr. Confessions is a doll and looked after Little Miss during this time. This is also the reason for no flower on Wednesday.
So I think I’ll leave the advice giving to the experts. The good experts, not the idiots who tell you that all your dreams will come true and that you’re a special sunflower and that your hilarious farts smell like freshly baked cookies. Not those guys. Those guys are less qualified than I am to give advice, even if they do show up on Oprah sometimes.
Photograph (cropped) of Finnish cabin from 1609 by Paul Wistman, accompanying text by Klaus Eriksen, for The World of Interiors, January 1986.
It was cold, the Pantheon was shrouded in early morning mist and the normally buzzing streets were deserted. My little man and I stood on the Pont des Arts for as long as the cold allowed, watching the occasional boat sluice its way up the river. The Seine was as still as the proverbial mill pond. The city was shaking itself out of its slumber and preparing for itself for another crisp, late autumn day. And I thought about the time in my life when sunrises were only ever the backdrop to a scurry home after a big night out. And as fond as those memories are, I found myself relieved those days are (mostly) behind me. They were a pleasure to experience and I don't regret a second, but neither do I need to relive them. And while initially the prospect of dragging myself and the little fella out of the warmth of the apartment and into the cold filled me with dread, I soon discovered early morning Paris offers up a world of delights.
My collections are very small at the moment .. I have a few dolls, Christmas bulbs, garden magazines and books, a set of dinner plates adorned and designed to appear antique with apples and a few Hello kitty novelties ..
In the North East of the island, the collection of hamlets that make up Hermigua is scattered the length of a pretty and lush ravine, dominated by banana plantations.
The 29 year old also has a beautiful voice and was offered the chance to sing famous Tinka Tinka song from the movie but she refused and the song was eventually sung by Alisha Chinoy, she did lend her voice for the same song in Television show much later.
If there is no response from the Bilderbergers, then we will have to appeal to the next level of our government. We have 6 levels of government in the West. The Bilderberg Society and other such groups are on Level A where all decisions are made. The B Level is the Secret Team best exemplified by the CIA-Mossad-MI6. The C level consists of politicians who receive their orders from above and are severely punished by those above them for listening to the taxpayers down below on the F Level. But there has been so much brazen vote fraud on public display in the 2012 primaries with the able assistance of the ‘news media’ that I had to add 2 Levels to the four original Levels I defined just last year. I would now define D Level as the Dopes like the TSA who are irradiating themselves with those body scanners and will never live long enough to collect their pensions. Also included in the D for Dopes Level are all those who will die protecting Wall Street when the nationwide Food Riots erupt some time after the elections The E or Entertainment Level used to be called the Fourth Estate or Free Press in the old days before the Kennedy assassination or First Coup. Since the Second Coup or 911, organizations like FOX, CNN, CBS, NBC and ABC are better described by the word Entertainment than by news. The last Level is the F Level. The Letter F stands Those Who Can Be Flogged. They must obey all the orders given them from the A through E Levels. These are the taxpayers and voters who must financially support those above them who do no honest labor.
Then, at the start of the thirteenth century, as Christian Europe ripened and Islamic Asia flourished, the dread steppeland unleashed its last holocaust in the Mongols. This was not the random flood of popular imagination, but the assault of a disciplined war-machine perfected by the genius of Genghiz Khan.
Sitting on the wall by the post office, passing the time of day.
And, like Him, to live again.
As I’m feeling good with myself, I bought myself a treat yesterday. What do you think?
Paracetamol (known more commonly as acetaminophen in the North America) is the most widely used painkiller in the world, marketed under different brand names, such as Tylenol in the North America and Panadol in the UK.
Amos’s Early Bird
They are so mature, so solid. They found themselves an apartment, closed on so many things. Tomorrow they want to go shopping for a bedroom set. I wish I could go with them, but the night before a national conference is impossible for me. I don't have a dress to wear year...none of us have clothes except for Elie. Shmulik will probably wear the suit he wore to his wedding; Davidi might be able to wear the suit he wore last year, but I think he grew too much - though I won't complain.
I am staring at the words, all words, only words, and, yes,you know when I say “only words” I am speaking tongue in cheek because
I first saw the film when I was fourteen-years-old, an age when every cultural encounter becomes a burdensome piece of mental furniture. To this day Cheech, the mob hit man with an untutored flair for drama, and David, the conceited, erudite artist who can create nothing but stilted artifice, are gathering dust in my drafty mental attic. A writer of non-fiction might disregard the term ‘furniture’ in favor of ‘paradigms’, which I’ve heard are even harder to shift. The question all writers have to address is: am I a Cheech, a born artist, or am I a David, more taken with the idea of being an artist than the mechanics of producing good work? And if I’m a David, should I give up now?
Now I know it’s not up there with the first moon landing or Hillary and Tenzing’s climb to the top of Everest. But it’s a good feeling to have done something that’s a first, to have stretched the technology to take our ABC listeners somewhere truly special..
Twice a month on Friday, the kids attend 4-H at a local state park. This is mostly for Tex and Ladybug, and is currently a bit rough on me (trying to keep the others busy without disrupting the others when it is too cold to go outside and play), but it is worth it to give them the interaction with others and the chance to develop useful skills, such as public speaking and photography.
During his visit, Xhaferri said that the Albanians in Macedonia want to prevent the destabilization of the country and the region, following the latest inter-ethnic incidents.
again and again.
The last post on my hosting problems (see HERE), generated a flurry of positive and constructive comments. The bulk of the suggestions centered around what places are now viable that Megaupload has been shut down and Mediafire and Sendspace have buckled under. I'm not looking for a sleazy site that pays people to upload illegal content - just a place that allows the unavailable to become available. Mediafire was once a great site and I never really resented them for removing content they considered 'grey'.
It was nice to see something that made me laugh, however. This weekend has not been relaxing. It was rainy and cold most of Saturday and early Sunday morning, so my arthritis is on fire and my tinnitus sounds like bees have built a hive in my brain. Then our new neighbors in the rental across the street decided to throw a party at 11:30 Friday night. By this neighborhood’s standards, it wasn’t too bad—the former tenants of that house used to set up a sound system in their garage and blast music out into the street while the guests mingled on the driveway, front yard and sidewalk. On a weeknight. At 1 a.m. or even later. This time I could hear a boom-boom-boom through my window, which was closed, but it didn’t stop me from falling asleep.
Ignoring the doctor’s instructions, she began to spend more and more time each day holding Gursel, applying ointment onto his infected areas and feeding him with the bottled formula which was sent over from the cafeteria. He began within a day to respond to her voice, turning his head and grunting when he sensed she was coming close.
The rush to push through the bills led to speculation that Najib might dissolve Parliament on April 23, but with the Dewan Negara due to sit until May 10 to ratify the bills, or these will have to be gazetted again, that rumor has now been safely debunked.
When the United States is attacked with nuclear bombs, our protagonist, Eli, and his family are rushed into an underground compound. The compound was his father's idea. His father is a billionaire and used those billions to create the massive compound where his family could live in luxury and comfort for exactly 15 years after the bombs were detonated. At the 15 year mark, the doors to the compound are set to open - this is when the family will again enter the world.
I used pretzels to make the bear cage. I frosted a piece of cardboard cut out to be the same size as the car for the roof of the cage. I just put the pretzels in the cake and then piped frosting on top of each pretzel and then applied the cardboard roof. I let the roof sit for a bit and so the frosting on it was already hardening.
As for what this post is really about: extra entries into my 2-year blogoversary giveaway through button posting! Any decent-sized giveaway or entry just feels weird without a button and after about a week, I couldn't resist the urge anymore.
Saturday, Malika and I did a class with Sizzix to learn the Eclips die-cut machine. If you are thinking of purchasing a new system, this one is for you. Especially if you are a fan of Tim's..you will WANT/NEED to have the Stamp2Cut cartridges. We were able to test them out and I can say it's very user friendly and all-in-all COOL!
I made some assumptions based on the communication I had received from HarperTeen and my own personal feelings and beliefs on the subject. No matter what I believe or what my opinion on the subject is I conducted myself poorly and apologize for doing so.
My color combination is Ruby Red, Blush Blossom and Always Artichoke. My sketch is #6. That's the only number you get in my birthdate. ;) I used my tag die, a small pearl, baker's twine, scalloped punch, small circle punch, and the Swiss Dots Cuttlebug embossing folder to embellish my card. The sentiment on the tag is from the SU! set called "Well Scripted." And...here it is...(sorry about the poor picture quality...needed some daylight not night light. And it was taken with my phone as my camera doesn't seem to want to work.)
Monday, I had a fabulous yoga class where my mind was completely focused on the task at hand. I wasn’t thinking about anything else other than my breath and my poses. It was awesome. Tuesday’s workout was to be 4 miles at goal pace (8:20). Stella and I took for for a 5 miler with a 9:00 minute mile warm up and then I was right at 8:20s for the rest of my run. I was pleased with this because it was starting to get hot out there.
visiting the festival grounds
I’m just ready for school to be over. Summer, bring it on!
But the audience wouldn’t let her go. They begged for an encore and Liesl knew she must oblige. But as she lowered herself to the tufted bench, she looked out once more and caught Ben’s mop of brown hair, his toothy smile beaming her way from a side door to the room. Read my face, Ben she silently implored, then raised a summoning brow.
By contrast, Gladwell in his book Blink described intuition as mental processes that work rapidly and automatically from relatively little information – something he called thin-slicing. He believed that many spontaneous decisions were as good as—or even better than—carefully planned and considered ones. Gladwell believed experts were especially able to thin-slice, but this ability could be corrupted by their likes and dislikes, prejudices, and stereotypes (even unconscious ones). Experts could also be overloaded by too much information (e.g., analysis paralysis).
5. City Streets
The next time I am confronted by one of these strangers who have trouble pronouncing my first name (which is incredibly simple to do; by the way), I am going to call them what they deserve to be called, which is “Grandma.” The reason I say “Grandma” is because 90% of the time, these strangers are female (with severe inferiority complexes) and the 10% of strange men who do this are usually too creepy to even continue talking to. Yes, the fakeness is just nauseating. Don’t call me “baby” if you don’t know me and are not having sex with me, unless you want me to (affectionately) call you “Grandma” or “Granny.”
Now, clearly, this was a breach of conduct on the coach’s part. But it certainly sounds like it was also a breach on the part of the young men who, as seniors, I can’t bring myself to call “kids.” If they are 17, they’re old enough to drive. If they are 18, they are old enough to go to war. But they’re not old enough to wait for an hour at a restaurant for their parents to come pick them up?
Now, to "prove" that EU policies leads to an overall transfer of emissions to the developing world (or as we might say, "Exports Emissions"), you'd need to, as a minimum, show two things:
Start each workout with a cardio warmup and some dynamic stretching. Then do a few light sets of each exercise before getting into your work sets. This will allow you to lift better, and it decreases the risks of injury.
5) Don’t assume- you know the old saying, to assume makes an ass of you and me. So don’t do that with refugees. Don’t assume that because you’ve seen a movie or read a book that you have the slightest idea what they’ve been through. You don’t. So don’t pretend that you do. Just spend time with them, laugh with them, cry with them, be there for them. But don’t pretend that you understand what they’ve been through.
Tuesday, October 25, (daytime) - Ft Myers, Cooperative Extension office. Landscape Workshop hosted by FANN - the Florida Association of Native Nurseries. Could bring plants with me.
I am a mighty dragon!
Hope you had a more productive, but no less enjoyable weekend. : )
- Dining room 12 persons
5 improved
He alone is a Sikh, a friend, a relative and a sibling, who walks in the Way of the Guru’s Will. (Guru Granth Sahib, Ang 601)
And of course please follow me into the New Year! (Which By the way- I CANNOT BELIEVE IS SO CLOSE!!)
Magazine/Periodical:
There was a time a few years ago when this blog had some very active detractors who, in the interest, I think, of correcting me on my evidently bad course, left hurtful and even vicious messages in the comboxes (must I mention that these trolls generally self-identified as orthodox Catholics?). One, after I had written something in a comment about one's art, if one is a mother, being able to flourish more readily when one has cash in hand for child care, helpfully sought to remind me that the arts were for "people with TALENT," which is to say not for poor schlubs like me, international performing credits, scholarly publications, and at-that-time A.B.D. in music notwithstanding. Another real-life former friend, a self-styled apologist with a strong internet presence, incensed by something I had written here on a different topic, similarly blasted me for my "unsuccess" at everything I'd endeavored, from music to marriage to motherhood (this same erstwhile friend, before he started hating me quite so much, had asked me to sing at his father's wake and funeral, which I did, taking a cab from the Bronx twice to another far-off outer borough of the City of New York, vomiting from morning sickness much of the way), and, further, suggested that I wickedly blamed this unsuccess on my children, both living and dead. You have a happy life too, buddy!
K.P. Sasi
qualities that attract me.
A grimmer but similarly manful spirit of defiance moves Túrin. Perhaps Túrin doesn’t see light and high beauty beyond the Shadow’s reach, but he does see history and judgment which the Shadow cannot deface:
An invitation had billed the exclusive gathering as a chance for “philanthropists and venture capitalists” to figure out how to “leverage each other’s strengths”—a concise way to describe how for-profit virtual school companies are using philanthropy as a Trojan horse.
4. Rating of employees’ performance: – In the past, I have reviewed many CEO’s management style but Eric Schmidt’s style is the closest fit to Deming’s ‘Annual rate of performance’ that I have yet come across.
This one thing I notice in Paul’s testimony. He never complained. Rather it was a simple, “Yes Lord. Whatever you say. Whatever you want.” Like Samuel of old, “Speak Lord for Thy servant heareth.” Or is it like Saul of Tarsus; “What wouldst Thou have me to do?”
My rectangular box: my savior?
This is the mentality of the devil himself for we see in Isaiah 14:14 Satan said, “I will be like the most high.” This is the mentality of the Antichrist for so we read of him in 2 Thessalonians 2:4. “Who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshipped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God.”
Money is always tight around my house. My husband and I are both teachers, and we have to watch our money.
In spite of a busy back-to-school schedule, we are still managing to read around here.
Food & Beer: This brew, with a bag of bar nuts, just before an afternoon spent trying to get an old Ford pickup truck’s engine to turn over.
It's most definitely sad. And very frustrating.
Like Edwin Way Teale, we are soon going “North with the Spring.” Not from U.S. border to border as Teale traveled, but rather we’ll be driving much of the length of our state—back to the bears (who are snoring away like Snow White), wolves (whom we can see any time), badgers, bobcats, and porcupines (whom I hope Baby Dylan never sees). Back to visit our sweet church in Phillips, our favorite cafe, and my friends in God’s country. (Are you online, Linda? I hope to see you on Monday!)
Of course you'll find differences and these generalizations don't apply 100% of the time, but it's a fairly good overview of the subtle cultural differences between living in the United States and Australia. Personally, I think it's a bit of a utopia here and if it weren't for having so many family members back in the states, I wouldn't mind living here indefinitely. ;-) When you think of Australia, what comes to mind for you?
STOP!!!
Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu – Ghost Stories Of The Tiled House
the pond still
Vocalistes additionnels:
The upper class keeps all of the money, pays all of the taxes.
Kira kicked a pebble at her feet. What should she say? Good? I’m sorry? At least there’ll be more room in the cottage? But she was saved from the need to respond when Keith reached for her and buried his face in her hair.
My conclusion is that cars are a pain, but I'm glad I don't have to walk to work.
Problem: Alene allows people to drink and smoke as much as they want and at any age and Yorguin and his friends try to stop her.
It's all listed on my Products & Prices tab in the above drop-down menu, or in the pages menu in the sidebar. If you want me, I'm all yours! xD
For the first time since I joined the Army in 1976, I'm ashamed of its dereliction of duty. The chain of command protected a budding terrorist who was waving one red flag after another. Because it was safer for careers than doing something about him.
There's just one thing I can't understand:
Step 1: The government creates the dollars.
Along with fellow mind-controlled assassin Sean David Morton, who both live in Los Angeles, they two have been teamed up on a dozen hit missions.
Right now my sacred cow is the first third of my novel Voice of Reason. I have excess flab and a lot of it hanging out there and I need to do a restructuring of it. The problem is that the story doesn’t really start up until my main character Cain witnesses a killing in a back alley. Which is all well and good but this scene doesn’t happen until about a third of the way into my first draft. That means there is a lot of excess wanderings and scenes that I shouldn’t need sitting in there. My own advice tells me that witnessing this killing should take place at the 10% mark of the book and no later.
I have to say that my son and daughter-in-law have stepped up and handling the tough role that has been handed to them in a way that makes my heart burst with pride. And that sweet little girl is being so strong and tough! It makes me soooooo sad that she has to learn to be so tough at such a young age.
or ever used it to fuel her flesh.
So where does this possibly competely spurious comparison, without dwelling too much on the feelings of Raymond Carver and Tess Gallagher, bring us? I think it brings us to a place where it will be a huge critical advance to see Carver's original stories, and to decide whether Lish made them better, worse or just different. It will then be for future generations of readers and critics to make of it what they will.
The second edition was published on 22 September 2009.
4. Corporate Identity. Terrorist attacks must bear the al Qaeda hallmark, otherwise they are not “worthwhile.” The fear of NON-al-Qaeda terrorism simply isn’t scary enough. Terrorism must be big; it must appear organized, well rooted and ubiquitous to warrant multiple wars. You can’t start wars on for fronts, Iraq and Afghanistan together with Pakistan and Yemen, and justify the almost 4 trillion dollars thrown at the security/military-industrial-complex on the back of a teenager trying to blow up a plane with play clay.
If you have questions, post below. I hope it was clear enough! :)
Almost as good as the scenery in the park was the beauty of the drive to get there. Ancient live oaks reaching out across the road turned some bits of highway into romantic tunnels, with dramatic curtains of Spanish moss.
Follow the hunt every day during the month of December! Answer the daily trivia questions from MG and YA books published during 2011 to be entered into the YA book giveaway.
I have used this lesson over and over again in my teaching and also to understand and explain pieces of music. But I have also used it as a lesson for life: every big problem can be broken into small problems.
Over the season’s last plums, mounds of asian pears and pebble-skinned avocados, I overheard him speaking to a grocery clerk.
Let it soak for 1 hour, then turn them around so the top side will go to the bottom, and continue to soak for another 45-60 minutes.
In the six-pack I picked up last week, the brewery included a bookmark with some info about the beer, including a remarkable photo of a brewer scraping off a billowing pillow of meringue from an open tank. The visual drove home the huge departure this beer represents for a brewery with no history of German brewing. This ain't no pale ale.
Now I've heard of these guys before (and thanks) but the song that caught my ear was found elsewhere. I don't remember where, exactly. All I know is that this wasn't the ordinary Death Metal, and it all made more sense when I discovered it can be considered Technical Death Metal. Sweet.
On soft cardstock the dense dye particles of dark colors want to spread more than those of light colors. This includes dark browns, deep reds, and intense purples and blues, as well as grays. Be careful! Only use as much marker as you need to get it smooth, don't worry so much about soaking the paper. Try to avoid coloring all the way to the lines if you know your paper will feather easily (Georgia Pacific or Neenah with a few layers of color both do this). Let your paper dry completely between color blends so the dye particles don't spread outside the lines as easily.
Let me, randomly, provide just a few pieces of information through which I daily sift to construct a view of the shifting landscape of events, personalities, and issues.
Rather than build an audience to sell your book, they insist you stop writing about the book lest it hurt sales. Their heads are is still stuck on the idea that if you give something away for free, it loses all value.
She talks with respect of the generations of women cooks who have gone before, creating magic with coal ranges and the minimum of equipment.
Nine-a, Nine-a, Nine-a, Nine-a, Nine Nine-a, etc.
Everything You Need to Know: about income inequality in the US in just two graphics.
Roti
“We need someone to scrub the floor of the men’s room each day using only their tongue,” they can offer. “And we think you’re just the man for the job.”
I post "Favorite Resources" on Fridays, but the link-up remains open through the following Thursday, so you can link any time. You can link your post below. Please include our blog button (HTML code is on our sidebar), or a text link back here, in your post. Thanks so much for linking up and sharing...I am looking forward to reading everyone's posts!!
The meal was every bit as elaborate as she’d come to expect when dining with Ewan. There were multiple courses and way too many choices. Jessica felt stuffed long before they were finished. Fortunately, after everyone was finished it was decided they’d rest before returning to the camp.
We didn't have enough of any one color, so we figure, since we'll be hosting from now on, might as well have a big set ready. And these will go with every color tablecloth for the holidays - cream, bright red, dark red, gold, green, etc.
Tell us about the book Promise Brides.
In the final part of our interview with Tan Sri Tengku Azlan Sultan Abu Bakar, he reminds both politicians and the Royal Houses that there is a clear demarcation of roles.
And it is that, my friends, that makes life worth living.
- To get to where we are to where we want to be, we are going to have to take some risks. That is just part of life.
Your colour this month - Pink
She thinks she looks "pretty" anytime her hair is in pigtails or has any embellishments, if she's wearing a play necklace, or wearing any kind of dress-up clothes, or dresses. She's definitely girly, but still likes to run with the boys.
The deadline is the appointment you have made for delivering your manuscript (or corrections to it) to your publisher. The key phrase there is 'you have made' - you agreed to this deadline, so you have to meet it. It is impolite to miss an appointment you've made, and it is deeply unprofessional to miss a deadline you agreed to. End of.
It is another wild and windy day. But, never daunted, the farmer set off round the fields with Tip and Tess at 8.15 this morning. No sooner had he got into the top pasture than he saw, across on the other side of the field, a fox slinking up the hedge. Neither of the dogs saw it, although their noses in the air suggested they might well have smelt it.
I'm sorry to say I have no pink pretties for the celebration. I do hope you and yours will have a happy holiday anyway.
Place bowl onto mix and beat with whisk attachment on medium-high until fully cooled. Cut butter into pieces. While mixer is running, add butter piece by piece, mixing well after each addition. Continuing mixing until all butter is added and fully combined. Take off whisk attachment, add vanilla extract and food coloring. Beat with paddle attachment for 2-3 minutes.
We agreed that I would be more careful in the future.
This is exactly how things are still done today. Bishops will request minor changes to Church law that are necessary for the culture they are shepherding. There are differences between cultures and what works in Rome may not correlate to Africa, for instance.
Frenchie. Another one you'll be hearing alot about soon is this restaurant owned by Gregory Marchand, a young French chef whose culinary training was exclusively outside of France in places like Jamie Oliver's 15 and at New York's Gramercy Tavern. His tiny little place, not far from the garment district and the ancient rue Montorgueil market street has drawn raves for his (very) short daily market menu (changes weekly) and bargain prices. A lot of local press has guaranteed very hard to get table status. Marchand recently imposed a two week before only booking policy to encourage local diners to get reservations.
New life is best enjoyed by receiving and giving others life. How are you giving life to others? That’s newness in practice!
But now they have a new album out called Ghosts Upon the Earth. So good. The more I listen the more I like it. Every song is completely different - they don't all sound the same. It's ranges from folky to post-modern rock.
Put the cornstarch in a large Ziploc bag; add the sliced beef and toss well to coat.
For Marisa’s bridal shower, I wanted to take advantage of Savannah’s beauty. Forsyth Park, famous for its gorgeous moss-draped oaks and iconic fountain, seemed like the perfect location. I also liked the idea of a picnic because it would be casual and we wouldn’t be locked into a tight schedule with a restaurant reservation or feel rushed through a sit-down lunch (with a bill at the end). I think hosting a shower at someone’s house is always the best option because it’s more personal, but for a destination weekend this seemed like a great solution for creating a similar atmosphere. I asked girls who were driving up to bring camping chairs, blankets and folding tables. I had trouble finding a map of Forsyth Park to stake out a spot beforehand, but after a quick drive around the perimeter we settled somewhere near the middle of the park. We had views of the fountain and were under the trees, just like I wanted. The north park of the park has open fields and is less picturesque.
lunch:
From Arne Duncan to Rahm the devils spahn – to The Oilybomber to Pelosi and Feinstein, etc
Taken all this together, I would summarise the state of politics in Bangladesh as split evenly 40% between the two sides.
That and the continued good run of form since underpins hopes for next season. This campaign is not over but to continue through to May and achieve third would leave a bouyancy around the club going into the summer that was previously not believable.
4.Unschoolers are
Thursday at the Square – 5:00 p.m. – 9:00 p.m. - Lafayette Square
“The DAP today, which is a Pakatan Rakyat ally, is different from the DAP of yesteryears.
Place: Gaston’s Conference Center, Gaston’s Resort on River Road.
The concept is steeped in the history of and celebrates Singapore as a former trading post for tea, spices and gourmet goods. Unfortunately the letters stand for something that isn't as exotic - The Wellness Group - the corporation that runs the business.
I'm sorry; if you saw this book you'd know what I'm talking about.
I'm slightly embarrassed that I haven't posted anything since April - yikes! But I've been so busy with my business this summer that I haven't had time to post. So, the free monogram chart is my way of making it up to you (click through the small chart detail above to my Flickr page where you'll find a large size chart of the entire alphabet). Enjoy!
supposed to ship anything different even if we could get to the shipping
I loved this episode - for all the marvelling I've done at the other episodes, this may well be my favourite so far - because it taps into my personal tastes, sure - just like the Shakespeare one did - but also because it was just fun and could have gone so horribly wrong.
Kosambari
In the Forests of the Night picks up immediately after the events of Tyger, Tyger. So much so, that you may want to go back and read the end of the previous book so you can remember where we left off. Once again at Teagan’s home, they are still being threatened by goblins
I am loving the time off I've taken for Christmas ... just relaxing with my son ... and doing absolutely NOTHING. For the past 3.5 months I'd been burning the candle at both ends, painting for my local Small Business Expo's ... and how tiring it was!
Estell’s protagonist is somewhat more adventurous:
Practically all of our sellers take paypal as their main form of payment, which means you can shop safely.
JR: Was going into the IB Programme a difficult transition?
According to the BBC, the militants holding Dale had demanded a ‘very large’ ransom which could not be paid.
I ended up finishing in a snail like 6:45. It was my slowest 50k ever but the most difficult also. I will be losing a few toenails from this one and all of the sliding on the snow. I think there were only 8 finishers of about 30 starters so I am just happy to be one of them. This was also our 2nd 50k in 10 days in the freezing cold and snow, but this one was far worse than last weeks at Wyco. I will post some pics later.
This fortnight we are sponsored by The Paper Shelter. The Paper Shelter offered the DT some lovely images to work with. Where they have been used I will list the details, so if you are so inclined you can pop over to The Paper Shelter via their badge on the right and go shopping!
Thanks for stopping by, hopefully the sun will shine and the warmer temps will give me that much needed boost to my serotonin levels so I can spend some time at my sewing machine. The lack of sunlight (our shortened days coupled with winter's cloud cover) really do a number on my energy levels this time of year.
The Upsetters - Judas De White Belly Rat
“There are two essential ingredients to a story: character and plot,” Tony explains. “And of the two, character must always come first. The temptation is to put plot first but always and forever character must come first.”
Here are the corrected sentences:
The next morning they head back to Jerusalem. On the way, Jesus gets hungry and sees a fig tree, but when he approaches it it has no fruit. He tells the fig tree, “May no one ever eat fruit from you again.” When they reach Jerusalem, Jesus goes back to the temple and starts angrily driving out all the merchants and shoppers there. He boots out money changers, evicts people selling merchandise, and flips over the tables of people selling doves. As he tosses them all out, he quotes a passage from the Old Testament which says the temple has become a “den of robbers.” The chief priests hear the commotion and get angry, and start looking for some way to kill him. Their hands are tied, though, because Jesus is super popular and even while he’s hulk-smashing the merchants the crowd loves him. (cf Matthew 21)
The Department of Correctional Services, with 36 employees, had the second highest number of staff members with criminal records.
deer & rabbit
Yeast- 1/4 tsp
Colours you like:
-Jericho on the table and Punk looks to the top rope! Oh fuck!!!!
This one is particularly annoying, because it’s so badly considered. Not only do bad things happen to good people, but — equally irritating — good things happen to bad ones. But that’s a problem for the atheist, not the Christian.
Extras: N/A- Unless you count the side quests, and the features that were once only accessible on a Game Boy Color (though are obviously freely attainable on the 3DS), there’s really no real extra features to discover beyond beating the game in LADX, as was common at the time. Still, as I said, this is yet another Zelda adventure that never really gets old.
I should note that I am still accepting regular wedding submissions but anything submitted beyond June 1st will most likely not be published until the fall due to my upcoming move and increasingly busy schedule.
- That's right...and you were lying on my big bed smokin a rocket and I came in the room wearin' me da's exotic dance hall threads, packin my big black latex strap-on, -
Claire: I wasn’t. Singing is controlled by a different part of the brain from talking so it’s easier after a stroke. It’s the same with swearing. That was easier because it’s controlled by another part of the brain too.
8. Tequila Sunrise 2:58
Bo H. Jonsson, M.D., Ph.D. (Sweden)
I pinched my self one time, ouch! two times, still hurts! i think i did it a third time too,lol.
8. Each State will accelerate the ratification of the ESM Treaty and it’s entry into force including any amendments.
I think the economic crisis has been another part of the push towards homekeeping - as people lose their jobs, they concentrate more on saving money in the home and realise they can save a lot and that the work is rewarding. Some have seen the sense of growing food if there is space in the backyard, some have been more aware of their grocery budget and some have started knitting, sewing and making gifts in an endeavour to enrich life and save money at the same time. Thirty-seven percent of American households are actively growing vegetable gardens now. Hanno went to our local market early on Sunday morning to buy seedlings and had to wait five minutes at 5.45am to be served. When he left, over 50 people were waiting at the little stall to buy their precious cargo. We have been buying seedlings on and off at that stall for 12 years and it's never been that busy. Things are changing.
As noted in my post on Sayers’ Murder Must Advertise, the character of Lord Peter Wimsey is one of the chief attractions of this amateur detective series. Wimsey, we are told, is “a respectable scholar in five or six languages, a musician of some skill and more understanding, something of an expert in toxicology, a collector of rare editions, an entertaining man-about-town, and a common sensationalist” (89). He possesses wealth, a title, and an Oxford education, but is not content to lead a life of leisure. Always bursting into places, Wimsey welcomes challenges wholeheartedly. His zest for life, love of adventure, and curiosity about the world are simply contagious. Wimsey's ingenious walking stick – “marked off in inches for detective convenience, and concealing a sword in its belly and a compass in its head” – is emblematic of his aristocrat-turned-detective role (176).
But wait - I also have to say, "Ohmigod, where did Ellen Page come from?" She is amazing. She's beautiful. She's astonishingly talented. And she'll be 20 in a month, despite my having just proclaimed to Frank that she couldn't be more than Juno's 16.
Even with no psychological anesthesia to dilute the awful crushing reality of impending death, even in this crisis, Jesus’ focus was unwavered. He saw his mother, he saw his disciple is what the Bible says. The operative word is ‘SAW’. Jesus’ eyes saw his mother and his beloved disciple and as they focus on him, he makes them focus on each other. They looked up at him and he made them look at each other.
perfect package he'd ever seen! ;)
~ cucumber and basil
Who will succeed and who will fail? Wendy is bound to do badly. I think Tony will do his best and probably will give her some very good choreography, but I mentioned in my first review that Foxtrot is one of the hardest dances, mostly because of the articulation of the feet that is required to perform it at an asthetically high level. Wendy, in particular, has no articulation of her feet. So we shall see how well Tony does. I have a lot of respect for the good job he is doing with her.
Sunday I didn't set an alarm to go off so I slept in. Considering how tired I was the previous night it was good to get the rest. As it was I was up by 9 am and on my way back to the Dutchess County fairgrounds. I expected to be parking some ways from the entrance, but Asphalta, the goddess of parking, was very generous and gave me a place right next to the path that led to the entrance. The day before I had had a good spot but finding my vehicle when I was done was awful. Thank goodness for the horn button on the remote, else I would have been there for over an hour looking for it.
When integrity falls in the dust by the way,
Right now, breastfeeding, I eat between 3,000-4,000 a day. Its closer to 3,000 on a day where I eat a home all day and don’t indulge as much. And closer to 4,000 or more on days where we eat out or go to a party/BBQ. I know it sounds like a lot, but I am starving all the time and everyone makes fun of me for how much I eat. I am not gaining or losing weight, so it has to be what my body needs right now. Although now that Cassidy is starting to eat more solid foods, I am finding myself slightly less starving all the time.
It was a beautiful, sunny day in Tavistock too!
This objection derives its force from an analysis of what it means to be a personal cause. Schieber argues that persons cause events — events such as the beginning of the universe — through intentional action. I suspect this is a familiar notion to most readers, but perhaps a few clarificatory words are in order. Intentionality is the so-called “mark of the mental”. An intentional state, such as a belief, desire or intention, is something with the property of “aboutness”. To follow Searle’s analysis, all intentional states will have a direction of fit and a direction of causation.
When I finally say, “Buh-bye,”
Preheat the oven to 350° F. Line cupcake pans with paper liners. In a medium bowl, combine the cake flour, sugar, baking soda, cocoa powder and salt; whisk to blend. In the bowl of an electric mixer, combine the eggs, vegetable oil, buttermilk, food coloring, vanilla and vinegar. Beat on medium speed until well blended. Mix in the dry ingredients on low speed and beat until smooth, about 2 minutes.
As with all these exercises, patience yields better results than force. Repeat the exercise 5 to 10 times, and feel free to take normal breaths between cycles.
Let's repeat that final comment by the temp/temp, Matt Hall.
"It's the first musical comedy game in the history of video games," said Warren Spector, head of Junction Point Studios. "We're not just talking about one song. We're not just talking about music over the credits. Much of the story of Epic Mickey 2 is told through song."
Mostly, me and my best friend found ways to laugh at this. Sincere laughter – sometimes even naughty laughter – at the honestly funny things that can happen to a man left somewhat helpless, and certainly out of control.
My primary interest is and always has been technology. I feel that most of my entries will span this subject across various categories. Technology entries will likely span mobile phones to computers to video games. I am a self-professed technophile; shiny things certainly attract me, and I use and am proficient in a variety of different pieces of computer and mobile equipment. I’m not a fan or enemy of a particular brand (for example, my main computer is a MacBook, but I use various Windows PCs daily; I use an Android phone while frequently using an iPod Touch) and prefer to simply use what works best for me.
I have not forgotten your tragedies
There was little mistake in the George Washington activity. THANKS Rachel for the heads up!
TO VIEW THIS CLIP:
The FTX-L 3G includes two customer-requested input loop-throughs, available on a Crystal Vision fibre product for the first time. These loop-throughs can be used to distribute the input video to equipment such as a picture monitor, or alternatively for system checking: if a signal path has a good input and a faulty output, the engineer can use the spare output to check each stage of the system without breaking any of the connections, and so work out which cable or piece of equipment is broken.
Hang in there folks I'm still catching up with the my blog roll and comments! It doesn't help with the fact I'm actually distracted with a new Tawainese Chinese Drama (40 episodes long haha).. I really want to do a haul video too because it'll take me forever to actually take pictures of everything !! Will be back soon, thanks for reading!! xx
We never did it, but the steering and handling of fooling around was always tricky…
5........I can tap dance
Ja, IJslanders zijn geen gewone jongens en meisjes. Dat is een van de verklaringen voor de vele mooie muziek die daar wordt gemaakt. Maar de mooiste kinderen worden soms geboren na de zwaarste weeën. En dat was bijvoorbeeld het geval met de vorige cd van Sigur Rós. Met de nieuwe Takk… is het nochtans een pak makkelijker gegaan. En toch zo'n schoon kind, mijnheer!
Sendak's stories are all so creepy and sad, but that's what is so appealing to me - and other kids. He knew what we were feeling and what we were worrying about and then turned it all into characters and magical places we could understand.
And the court is now barren.
Here I was on vacation a business trip and I was choosing to take up part of my morning with a run. And I was looking forward to it. Yes, I've stayed on track with one of my 2012 goals to start running. I've increased my speed and endurance fairly slowly, but I'm up to running 3 minutes and then walking 3 minutes (which I do 5 times in one session). Next week I'll officially be running more than I'm walking. After starting and failing a few times, I'm amazed (and proud).
But it never stormed.
Roger Limb: Kassia's Wedding Music
As of 3/31/12:
I didn't mean to dress in holiday red and green - it just happened that way.
So yeah, this is one of the craziest Pale Ales I've ever had, that's still a Pale Ale. Tons of malt character and a decent amount of bitter, which would make it a tasty Belgian Pale outright, but the addition of the Juniper took it to another level. It still has a very authentic Belgian Pale feel, but the Juniper gives it its own identity. You knocked it out of the park, my man. I mean, it's terrible. Please forward all of the remaining bottles to my address so I can "dispose" of them "correctly".
Minerva
Bring out those dishes that you know, made with whole grains. Wiki says "Whole grains are cereal grains that contain cereal germ, endosperm, and bran, in contrast to refined grains, which retain only the endosperm." Check out the list of whole grains and make sure you make dishes with whole grain.
All of these ingredients can be kept on hand for a quick last minute throw together dinner.
Here are a few tourist highlights of Sentosa:
2 tbsp oil
- We have been lucky enough play some really great shows and do some really rad tours. We did a tour with Propagandhi a while ago and getting to see them play every night ruled! We also got do to a few shows with Avail and they are one of my favorite bands.
What does this all have to do with the letter X? The title of the portrait is "Madame X".
So, obviously I haven't done any of my 'Cleaning up your grammar' posts in, like, forEVER! Someting which has surprised me is that some people actually liked them; in the sense that they helped. For this reason, I am going to continue with the grammar posts. I'll post one next week and then try to continue that regularly. First, I'd like to hear from you guys!
Not with the old leaven, the leaven of malice and evil, *
*paint tray
Me, I'm all..."What 'C' word do you mean?" Because, I tell you, my mind was kinda reeling. She replied, "The...'CR' word!"
I occupied a stateroom adjoining that of my father and mother on the port side of “C” deck; and, needless to say, being 17 years old, I was all over the ship.
In the snow.
Pramod belonged to the ‘cool’ group that included John Zacharia and Biswajeet. Every student in the class wanted to be a part of this group, but only the lucky ones got in!
riding is giving sabin a new confidence and she's really a natural at it. she's fearless and lucky that nothing scary has happened on any of the occasions. milton was the zippiest horse she's ridden, but she handled him very well. we're really fortunate that christina, her teacher, is just awesome--she's matter-of-fact and instills a quiet calm in the kids. we think she's great. and the school horses are really good too...other than milton trying to bite me as i gave sabin a leg up yesterday, they have surprisingly few bad habits. it's a real pleasure to go every saturday. and if sabin keeps it up, we're going to look for a horse for her at the end of the summer. it might be that her mom would like to ride again as well.
But I look at it this way, I’m fortunate to have such wacky things happen to me. They really are fantastic from a purely psychological perspective. For instance, were the scarier entities just levels of my subconscious? In other words, were they negative aspects of my psyche that I needed to purge?
In Sweet Evil, the sole purpose of Nephilim is to be a bad influence to humans. But that's not as easy as it sounds when the angel hierarchy is so complicated. When we learn everything along with Anna in the beginning, it's hard not to say, "Wow!" because the lore is captivating. And the demon action, especially in the end? It will give you chills!
“When translators are limiting themselves to conveying the complete essence of a word from the Hebrew or the Greek with one English word they have difficulty bringing in the nuances held in the original language.”
Anyway, finally, it was time for bed again.
The perfect companion to like-minded films such as Street Trash, Brain Damage, From Beyond, and The Stuff, the wonderfully putrid Slime City is the kind of movie where a razor blade to the face is met with indifference, struggling artists have an extensive collection of kitchen ready cutlery, forgotten boomboxes are worth retrieving (even after the threat of limb removal has been established), and army jackets are used as impromptu picnic blankets. If you have an aversion to lumpy slime, especially when it's being excreted from unorthodox places, then avoid this film at all costs. If, however, you're not averse to seeing globs of mustardy goo spewing with an impure recklessness, you should prepare yourself accordingly, because you're in for a treat.
Yeshua and the Company of Heaven:
So, I encourage you to try new things, foods, drinks, etc. It'll be fun!
And went birthday shopping for our friend in New York. Got her a few very neat and wonderful things.
The following night, before two young men were gunned down at a block party three blocks from my home, I went to a gathering of the tribe at O'Hanlon's. I took advantage of the opportunity to ask Kerry Burke for some pointers. Burke, a titan of police reporting, boasts "the highest rate of return" on perp walks in New York City. Google his byline sometime and read one of his pieces to yourself in a Southie lilt (Burke started at the Globe).
It's been a while since I've posted. Between work and being exhausted thanks to pregnancy, I haven't had much get up and go for designing and writing up my designs. Thanks to going on leave a week early though, I finally got some mojo back SOOOOOOOO here's what I've been up to in the past couple of weeks:
mate
“In fact if the boat had have been insured, I would have never had to go to trial, I would have received compensation, and no one in Perth would have heard about this. For some reason they’re stating that Luke has taken responsibility and it’s his sole responsibility, yet his father owned the boat not Luke Woollard.”
So Jesus is one of at least seven children. His mother’s name is Mary. He’s a carpenter. And his father is unmentioned, which seems kind of odd for a patriarchal society, referring to a man in reference to his mother but not his father.
Foreign Countries 5.7
"Live Life: The Daydreamer’s Journal has over 150 authors and artists from 22 different countries contributing. Some of the contributors include Rita Dove and Marv Wolfman. Rita Dove is an award winning poet and former United States Poet Laureate. Marv Wolfman is an award winning comic book writer, who created the series Blade for Marvel comics and The New Teen Titans for DC comics. Other award winning authors include: Gwyneth Jones, David Brin, Judith Skillman, and Marilyn L. Taylor."
But I'm not going to rant here. I don't need to. As I tweeted over the weekend, it's far more damning simply to draw attention to what these people say.
Let me allow "radish sandwich" from The Post Punk Kitchen's forums to explain:
“I understand!” the girl said, smiling with enthusiasm. Every fairy education began with the study of nature, time, and their corresponding ceremonies. Regular rituals kept the fairies in tune with the movements of the stars and the moon. Hannah squeezed her daughter’s hand. She was proud of Panther’s quick ability to learn complex ideas.
Can you believe January is almost over??? YIKES.....Valentines Day will be here in two weeks and tax time is rapidly approaching. Just finished up everything for the accountant today since our appointment is Thursday. Hoping we get a refund this year so I can go do some more craft shopping.......LOL
Cook pasta according to package directions, drain. Saute bell pepper in a small skillet over medium heat until limp, about 10 minutes (or half that in my case)
How much is enough?
Two Rock Cornish Hens
North Face Primaloft jacket/fleece (depending on expected conditions)
run to Midnight on April 26th.
It sounds lovely. If only it were still around. Having been lucky enough to drink plenty of Guinness when it was still bottle conditioned, I can recognise some of these characteristics. There was a faint sour milk background note that really filled the beer out. The high bitterness and firm carbonation were there, too. Though, obviously, the strength of the version I had was lower.
M: That’s quite an elaborate process. It that how it works when you make your music too?
Mat 8:2,3 If You are willing, You can make me clean. Then Jesus put out His hand and touched him saying, “I will; be cleansed.” And immediately his leprosy was cleansed.
And the walls turn in their places---
Why is it then, I ask myself, that so many of our civilian policy-makers in positions of leadership in the Federal Government are so stupid, so stubborn, such wimps, such cowards and frankly, such fatuous fools in high places? Is this really the best we can do?
He also commented on the impact that this movement is having on our college-age sons and daughters and how imperative it is that we communicate to them the beautiful truths of our faith, especially regarding human sexuality, marriage and human life.
He didn't think it was a heart attack but was keeping her in for a day or two to do more tests and be sure before sending her back to the care home. Fingers crossed.
It not only makes for vastly improved books. It produces vastly improved writers.
Oh, and did I mention- four days of drinks by the pool and soaking up the sun?
As I stop to see what has captured my attention over the years, I see my spiritual journey. I see that I longed for peace, that I wanted to repent and improve, that I wanted an orderly home for my family, that I desired spiritual healing long before I desired physical healing. I see how a particular scripture has grown in depth of meaning, marked by additional colors, changing according to my changing needs.
03. American dream (Afterlife mix) - Jakatta / 4:16
The char siew filling was rather delicious. I used 'rather' and not 'very' simply because the store bought char siew was a little saltish to me. However, the 'sauce' that coated the char siew bits was good, not too sweet, not too saltish. These homemade buns were so good that I finished two when they were still warm. They were great for breakfast too, as I am sure my boys won't feel hungry before the recess bells ring!
Early risers may notice this accidentally went up last Monday for an hour or so. That was until I realised I'd posted at the same time as Gillian's excellent Titanic post, in error.
Yesterday Anne and I got into a huge argument because she came home and nearly had a nervous collapse over some unwashed dishes. She actually had the theatrical idiocy to leave the house in “disgust.” In truth the only dish that I had was a single tea cup, which I was still using at the time of her outburst. When I pointed this out to her, she suddenly had no desire to discuss the matter.
According to the Children’s Heart Foundation, “Congenital Heart Defects (CHDs) are the most common birth defect in America, affecting approximately one in one hundred, or 40,000 newborns each year. CHDs are responsible for one-third of all birth defect-related deaths and sadly 20 percent of children who make it through birth will not survive past their first birthday.”
“We always wondered,” said Watts, “who was funding (a) “hate campaign against a local television meteorologist” they deemed a “denier” of the global warming hoax.” Typically, Forecast the Facts attributed perfectly natural weather events, tornadoes, to global warming or climate change. They claimed that the states affected were “dominated by anti-government, anti-science ideologues.”
We are having a BBQ for dinner ... means very little in the way of a clean up afterward ..
I hadn't checked my own site stats for months, but when I got home I signed in and was delighted to see my Colonial and European Blogville neighbours' calling cards and even one from Chad. Of course, there were unexplained lurkers in such places as Cambodia, Brazil and - weirdest of all - Canada, and I assume that those are the ones who typed the following phrases into Google to end up on my blog.
There are three main plantations in Cameron Highlands, Cameron Valley, Sungai Palas Tea Plantation, and Boh Plantaion.
Paper - Very Vanilla, Pool Party, Silver Glimmer Paper, Attic Boutique DSP
I retrieve Maggie, gave her some breakfast. Walker brought in a clean-as-could-get Ike, who was exhausted enough now to be put down for a nap.
More details:
He cares for the flowers, weaving for them with threads of light the lovely robes they wear.
Why does this occur? Perhaps it is because Arslan's character is never presented as being "just" evil or "just" anything; he is, just like President Clinton was a philanderer who was still admired for his policies by many despite his numerable character flaws. Arslan is a breath of life compared to the stolid, sometimes smug Franklin Bond. He achieves things, he overcomes certain socio-political roadblocks that just aren't broken in contemporary representative democracies. His dismissive attitude to his own power is beguiling because it promises a possible non-corruptive personality, even if subsequent events might lead one to question that presumption. He has power over the other characters precisely because he has control over himself. He may weep, he may rage, but what Arslan does best is expect. This is seen in how quickly he overcomes Bond and others with his force of personality; he expects them to hate him, distrust him, revile him, but also to ultimately obey him because they have run out of other alternatives. This might ring untrue to most reading it, but there is a certain appeal to this powerful cult of personality that certainly has its parallels in several charismatic leaders of the past two centuries whose callous actions still garnered them admiration from their purportedly-repressed constituents.
What started out as a beautiful ivy that I replanted last month, quickly turned into a shriveled up clump of dirt. It lived in the bathroom, but I still watered it and took it out to the dining room every few days for some light. I guess it didn't matter, because my black thumb struck again.
Of what her father had endured. For her sake.
Berrios is in the wind. And Hazel, to salacious detail, was born Robert.
Just as the geese flew past, the clouds parted and the sun broke through.
On the other hand, anything "good" about your personality, anything impressive that you accomplish, is entirely because of you, and has absolutely nothing to do with unschooling: you're obviously just a motivated/intelligent/whatever person who would do well no matter what the circumstances.
"""HOW"""
StepIntomyworld will hopefully serve to sensitize and educate others about the challenges of being born with a personality trait that rides the outer fringes of the norm in our society. I will unlock the door to the inner world and mind of an extreme introvert. The days in and the days out. The good, the bad, and sometimes even, the ugly. Welcome to my world.
If you're not that bothered about the study of beer history, please stop reading now, because you're going to get really bored if you don't.
“People say: ‘You’re doing arenas in April, how does that feel?’. And I mumble ‘yeah, s’alright’,” he disclaims, looking ahead to the next 12 months, with typical shy reverse. “All I can think about is playing Wembley stadium and headlining Glastonbury. No other milestones matter.”
I drop off Middle Sprout and peel out of the parking lot as soon as I see her coach step out of his car. Little Sprout and I arrive late to her practice (doing what we can not to disrupt things) and then I assist with the drills before we leave a few minutes early to go back and pick up her big sister. (who is usually waiting for me to arrive… with her coach)
Elena’s other blogs to check out…..
Okay, so if you've seen a calender recently, you know that Christmas isn't really two weeks away. It just suddenly seems that way to me.
The new year started very well and mellow as far as I can remember. Nothing really mind blowing. Then my mom got very sick again around mid January. She fought hard and rallied a few times from her bout with cancer and we thought she might regain some quality of life and be here a while longer, but that didn't happen. She died the day after my birthday... She did not want a memorial or funeral or service so the family got together for a weekend to just be with each other... and chat and hug and catch up and of course eat. We eat. A lot. So that was good. Great to see all my nieces and nephews doing so well and they are all so sweet and funny.
As such, I'm contemplating rebranding the book as straight fantasy. I can talk fantasy until my ears bleed, it's more in line with the other stuff I write (by the by, check this out; the announcement of my next project), and this list of three would sound a lot better with a proper third item (sorry).
Convicted! Convicted! Convicted! (It rattles around in my head like an annoying parrot’s voice.) That is what I am today. And believe it or not I’m actually very thankful for it…parrot voice and all. In reading Cheri’s blog today, there were two things that really hit home. So much so that I confessed one of my “sins” in the comments section of her post. The other one…well it boils down to what my Father is telling me to do. He’s whispered in the quiet recesses of my brain, (in much the same way that Kevin Costner hears the “voice” in “Field of Dreams”) “Go the distance….” But unlike Kevin’s character I don’t have to figure it out; I know exactly what He means.
“Please let me go” Geoff pleaded. He'd actually not thought about this. He wanted to go but he knew that he wouldn't be able to if Osbourne didn't give him permission to. Well, he could go, but then he would have to lose his job. Daniel leaned back again, giving it all some thought. He leaned forward again and looked at Geoff.
I want to spend next Christmas and New Years in Chile. P-Daddy and I want to bring the kids and Gran. I am determined! I am focused on that goal. This very well meaning person said that he/she did not think that it was a very good idea. "After all, WillePMir will only be 3 and EAM will only be a year and a half. It is a shame to spend all that money on a trip they will never remember!" It is true that they will not remember, but the trip is not about those 2. The trip is something that P and I want!
It's dinner time here so I should run, but please stay tuned. I'll post more photos soon!
Now of course I could easily get a few more inches out of this if I really worked on it. I could have included my giant Norton Anthology of Science Fiction just because it contains "Frozen Journey"; I could have put some DVDs in there (The Gospel According to Philip K Dick, Blade Runner, A Scanner Darkly, etc). I could bring home all of the PKD books from my office, make a tour of various friends' houses, collecting loaned editions; I could've included my complete set of newsletters. Why not include all of my Italo Calvino books because I bought them because they compare PKD to him on the back covers of the Vintage editions? But I keep telling you, I don't have anything to prove here! After all it's not how much Dick you have; it's what you do with it that matters.
BROOKLYN, N.Y.—Wow, I consumed a lot this past week, artistically speaking. And, wait...I actually found time to annotate this log? Enjoy it this week, because who knows if I'll have time for it next week, what with the Tribeca Film Festival starting soon and all.
“Perhaps, but I’m not sure yet,” I answer as I fish my cell phone out of my pocket. I hold it out to her. “Tell you what. Give me your phone number, let’s grab a few drinks tonight, and we’ll see if I’m hitting on you or not.”
The prima videos also demonstrate how to alter their flowers a lot and I am thinking that maybe I want to add some flowers to the corners of the board. I'd also like to make some magnets for it so you may be seeing this project again.
Under Neoliberalism, fiscal sovereignty came from sovereign nations issuing sovereign debt. But under Neoauthoritarianism, where nations have lost their sovereign debt authority, the Sovereign and the Seignior will have both sovereign authority and fiscal sovereignty. Credit will not come from the securitization of debt; but rather from the word, will and way of sovereigns and stakeholders appointed from industry and government. Lending will only go firms that are key to the region’s security and prosperity.
Lots of people are starting to ask me what I personally do to stay fit. I’ll be 52 years old in November and I feel honored that people think that I am in great shape for any age.
*$100.00 Spellbinders shopping spree
this one goes out to you, rando mixtape enthusiast, whomever you may be. thanks for re-working an air of intrigue into my life.
Video cameras at the Jackson Park Health Centre captured the beating, although much of the physical altercation is slightly out of frame. Afterwards, Van Buskirk wrote in his report that the doctor “”immediately reached out and grabbed my throat and pushed me backward.”
In the Goddess religions, we see the divine as immanent in every human being. Each of us has an inherent worth that cannot be quantified, denied, or compared to the worth of another. If we restrict one portion of the human race from full participation in society, we limit our collective intelligence and potential.
I know what you’re asking. “So what?” Actually, that’s a fabulous question. Use it every time you get a trending topic or search term. Then answer it. Then keep asking “So what?” over and over, answering it every time. Do it enough times, and you end up with a viable list of topics for your blog.
Mix cake mix, pudding mix, milk, and oil. Spray 13x9 pan with Pam and spread cake evenly. Throw chocolate chips on top. Bake at 350 for 45 minutes. Voila!
To their credit, Bafana did not sit back and settle for a draw in the second period, they chose to run at the Ghanians, but the home side were guilty of sloppy finishing in the box.
Probably the most interesting aspect of the White Sox cards is that the picture of Buck Weaver is actually of Joe Tinker. Tinker has a portrait card in the set, which there was only one example known. Eddie Collins appears to be in his Philadelphia uniform, but listed on Chicago.
Notes: This was something of a bittersweet experience for me. I moved into this office (which was larger and had windows) last summer. I've spent a lot of hours working there over the past year. Yet, I can't say that I'm sad to be moving on to other adventures and a new office space (eventually).
And then there was the Brooklyn Brush Manufacture, incorporated in 1848, which was extraordinary because it was an African American-owned business. “This reflects a time when African-Americans were becoming interested in creating their own institutions,” said Golia.
Let seed be grass, and grass turn into hay:
Next you’ll want to set up your expenses. In no particular order here are some suggestions, and some suggested amounts, based on two people. A family of four would obviously have higher figures in certain expenses.
Ted spoke with Dana Loesch, and says he stands by his speech at the NRA convention.
Now that the rules for the zombie version of BaD are pretty much set, I’m starting to think about the next ‘setting’ that we planned to develop from the start: a Starship Troopers style Bugs vs Space Marines battle. These are only early ideas, but here is what I’m thinking about for the bugs (the marines will basically just be the same as humans from the zombie game).
I have to admit that I have not had such a bad case of "can't leave well enough alone-itis" when it comes to crafting in a long time. I have been wanting to use this new die from Paper Trey Ink for quite awhile, but just haven't taken the time to play with it. It is a spinner die and I really had fun with it.
Klapmeier has assembled an impressive engineering team, attracting many colleagues with whom he worked at Cirrus Design, the firm he cofounded with his brother. He declined to disclose a certification schedule for the aircraft or specific performance numbers. But the Kestrel will be positioned in a niche between the $3.4 million TBM850 and $4.6 million Pilatus PC12NG, but priced significantly lower. It’s likely that Kestrel will be able to cruise faster than 300 KTAS, fly at least 1,500 nm and routinely operate out of 3,000-ft. runways.
The first artificial heart implant was carried out by Dr. Denton Cooley in Houston, Texas, in a 47-year-old man with intractable heart failure using the Liotta artificial heart developed by Domingo Liotta. This artificial heart was based upon the laboratory work of Dr. Michael DeBakey.
The easiest and least expensive customer to sell to… is the one that has already bought from you.
The good is that publishing and distribution are no longer in the iron grip of a small coterie with pretty much the power of professional life or death.
“Gee, there’s an angry man in my rear view mirror, oh wait, never mind, he just exploded. From rage.”
The zone surrounding London from which private planes, hot air balloons and microlights are banned will increase by up to 30 miles in all directions to cut the chance of a mid-air crash between a private plane and a jumbo jet packed with sports fans.
WotC acquired the popular Dungeons & Dragons by purchasing the failing company TSR and experienced tremendous success by publishing the licensed Pokémon Trading Card Game.
The Chief Operating Officer of the offshore drilling company, Randy Stilley, stated: “The decision by regulators to arbitrarily construct unnecessary barriers to obtaining permits they had traditionally authorized has had an adverse impact not only on Seahawk, but on the sector as a whole.”
alls I knows is if it services and enhanced the hood, I'm with it.
I finally decided to buy my AOD150-1920 netbook when my old Samsung Laptop bit the dust. Actually it was a good thing because my laptop was too hard to carry around and too slow. I am thrilled at how compact this netbook is, as well as many other features.
True Blue by Ikea is a limited collection inspired by India. The color blue is the key element and the collection is not only inspired by India but also produced in India.
Tigerhawk, don't worry, Obama will not have any excuse to apologize to India -after all with the exception of communists/Indian leftists, we don't hate you.
I personally love this look and, once again, it creates balance and harmony. By simply stacking accents - in this case the stack of blue books on the dresser - is great small space tip.
( I am curious to know how I feel. I wonder how I can let go of wanting to control her behavior and influence my own.)
practical problems, paperwork, bureaucratic hassles and other issues.
What a great articulation of how social media is bringing people together. Someday we’ be playing three degrees of Kevin Bacon. The only question is how soon, and how much more you’ll have to imbibe if you’re playing the drinking game version.
K is for the Kismet of this phenomenon
Adorable for a little boys room or nursery. In this combo, I'd use the truck fabric (a flannel) as the bumper & changing pad cover and the chocolate dot as the fitted sheet. I'd upholster the glider in the turquoise fabric and keep the crib skirt nice and tailored with the linen fabric.
Transfer to greased cupcake moulds or a 6" cake pan. Cook for about 50 minutes or until a skewer comes out clean.
“Corrupt (SA Police Service)
Where was I? Oh, yes. Joss Whedon, you jerkwad, how dare you kill Tara. Her character was about the only bright spot in the post-graduation episodes! No, wait, that's not it. Ah. I know.
The Inspector General’s new 57 page report states the balkanized city court system in New Orleans would benefit from one less court and roughly half as many judges. This would save city government as much as $2.5 million by moving Traffic Court functions into Municipal Court, according to the report, which figured that six judges could do the work of the 12 who now sit on four separate benches- 1st City Court, Traffic Court, 2nd City Court, and Municipal Court.
Video of West Woodhay Down, Inkpen crop circle July 29th 2011,
When you love someone but it goes to waste
That is why I say I am both blessed and cursed with her as a beta reader. Most people have betas that read like me, if I can see what the writer is trying to say I keep reading. I've read books that were absolute trash, but clearly written trash. In some ways that helps me critique people's books as I will look for minor things to improve on, but just because I read a book doesn't mean its any good.
body crushed
Transgressive… incendiary… visceral… feral… fetid… You can throw every essential underground adjective in the book at Headpress, Manchester’s finest export since keyly vital industrio-punk icon Samuel P. Salatta, but none of ’em ever sticks. This journal of esoterica and strangeness remains resolutely aloof, grittily unclassifiable, jaggedly non-conformist, orbiting a dead sun in an uncharted star-system of the Other. Comprising of a community that embraces an eclectic spectrum of zeitgeist-warping mavericks all the way from crashed’n’burnt rock’n’roll iconoclasts to sunlight-shunning horror-comic/film obsessives to cutting-edge cultural-theoreticians, it’s impossible to discern a common thread enabling the uninitiated to get a handle on the carnivorous vortex of disparately deviant — and deviantly disparate — influences that is Mothership Headpress. You’ll either get it… Or you won’t.
It is no secret that I have always loved gold, que Barbara Mandrell singing "I was country when country wasn't cool". You young people have no idea what I am talking about do you? Crickets. There are a few diy projects using gold paint that have me wanting to clear off my schedule for the next day or so and get creative with a can of gold spray paint.
A HappyU Helps the World
The sorcerer in “Aladdin and the Enchanted Lamp” came from Morocco. He was “ deeply versed in astrology, and could by the power of his magic, uproot a high mountain and hurl it against another”. Obviously a pretty powerful fellow! Though many of the tales are set in Baghdad and Cairo, the world of wonders, - of genii and hair breath escapes - are retold nightly in Place Djemma Elfna to rapt audiences; even if you can’t understand the words you are sure to get a glimpse of the enchantment of the miraculous, scurrilous, and amazing. Those with a ribald sense of humor will enjoy “The Historic Fart” where an unfortunate merchant “was so mortified and filled with shame he wished the ground would open up and swallow him”.
manhi manhi hae
It’s that simple. rVp gets the ball, links up play and shoots a whole lot of balls. 10 balls found the back of the net in January/February. The only player that will be capable of achieving replicating rVp’s brilliance will be Nicklas Bendtner.
Anyways here are a few layouts I made with this kit-- you'll be seeing more as the week progresses, I hope you like them!
44
When the night had veiled the pole;
and Henri Morgan (rogue, cannon caller)
Here is how I've made my oatmeal even healthier. Quinoa has more protein than oatmeal and it gives my oatmeal a little more texture. I usually have red quinoa on hand which would give this a nuttier flavor which in oatmeal, would be good, but below I made it with regular blond quinoa. I also added coconut oil instead of butter because in Heidi Swanson's Super Natural Cooking, she says "coconut oil is rich in lauric acid, which facilitates brain functions and boosts the immune system." Sounds like the perfect thing for a winter morning. I've also added flax seed meal, because it's filled with omega 3 fatty acids.
So it isn't just Britain that is intolerant. France is too. They haven't started attacking the benefits of the disabled or sick, as far as I know. And I doubt they will. But the French are angry. And as much as I would like to, I can't blame the Tories, or even Nick Clegg, for that.
Even though cost could be an element of your choice, you would also have to look at the quality of treatment. What unique competencies do the veterinarians have? Will web reviews of the veterinarian reflect that other people’s pets received outstanding care? Getting referrals from those who may have taken their pets to a particular veterinarian could also be beneficial. Learning about the type of treatment your family pet could receive is really a must prior to looking for treatment from a veterinarian. Really, you never want to be in the dark about the manner of care your pet would receive.
categories having all their
We arrived in Ethiopia around 9:30 Saturday night. We finally got to our guest house around 11 and promptly went to sleep. We stayed at Providence Guest House, which I loved.
Lord Feldman. Conservative Party Co-chairman. Chief executive of the family fashion business Jayroma. Donations: £74,270. Multiple visits to Chequers.
and each name standing for a face written across
I sat up in bed. I pulled up the covers. I shrank away from the window. I listened to CBF breathe. I didn’t breathe. Every little noise made me die a little inside. We went to bed really late, but daylight never came. I kept hearing the voice hissing, “Kill kill kill! Ha ha ha!” I don’t mean I heard it in my head. I heard it. The streetlight reflected in the window was the glint of the blade. CBF rolled over. I nearly fell of the bed. When will morning come? I can’t see! They are going to get me! What am I going to do?
Heat oil in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Cook beef, in batches, stirring, for 3 minutes or until browned. Transfer to a bowl. Add onion to pan. Cook, stirring, for 4 minutes or until softened. Add garlic, carrot, celery and swede. Cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until combined and heated through.
4 stars. -Cornbiter Deluxe
Plus, I've got a fourth birthday party to plan for Moira. Those parties don't plan themselves so I don't have time to worry.
I quickly learned I had a lot to learn about writing a novel. I decided to write a "practice" novel before tackling my big idea. And I did... kind of. I finished the first draft of "A Novel Idea." It took me a year to do it, and it's only 36,000 words in length. Still, I'm thrilled that I did it, and I learned so much along the way. I fell in love with my practice novel, and I hope to revise it and see it published some day.
(Luke 11:1) He was praying in a certain place, and after he had finished, one of his disciples said to him, “Lord, teach us to pray, as John taught his disciples.”
And therein lays one of the central dynamics of the film. Not only can both sides be duped by imaginary cultural stereotypes made up by Dong, they are readily willing to accept them. While humorous, it betrays deep-seated racist stereotypes, i.e. that the Chinese literally believe the Japanese to be perpetually angry demons and that the Japanese believe the Chinese to be weak-willed, overly polite inferiors. Therein lays the black humor. We laugh at their misunderstandings. But if we take a step back and look at the big picture, it becomes frightening how revealing these reactions are.
In sync with Clean Break’s principles, DSG provides a framework for reassuring any nervous Nellies of the US ability to sustain multiple wars simultaneously in multiple global locations as Secretary Panetta suggested “from a land war in South Korea and at the same time, threats in the Strait of Hormuz” (1-5-2012 news conference Q&A).
Her husband was injured in a car wreck in recent years and couldn't work. He'd already escaped death once, she said.
The pattern went together perfectly. I dawdled (I was still on holidays) as I made it so it took too long. Drawing the yarns to get that fringe look out was kinda therapeutic. I should go back and run a line of zig-zag stitch across them to ensure they don’t fray but next time I get my domestic machine out will have to do.
The weather was lovely, so we decided to go to the beach. It stayed lovely till we got to the beach, where all of a sudden a great mist descended upon the dunes, and an awful cold wind started blowing towards the sea. I thought, "How apt, the Dutch weather never fails to read my moods." Strangely enough, the sand was warm, and when I lay down in it, the wind did not touch my face.
Never exaggerate or hard-sell your book. Write the press release as if you are an objective reporter who found a news-worthy topic. Share an overview of the book and a general bit about the author. Keep it clean, keep it short, and keep it sharp. Don't give a journalist the excuse to skim or, worse, pass on it.
This Easter/Passover weekend was full of little people smiles, sparkly egg dyeing kits courtesy of Grammy Gen Gen, pink camelias bursting from bowls, lounging on our stoop in the sunshine and baskets full of mediocre muffins I made late one evening. The eggs and colorful dye haven't changed much since we were kids -- and you know, that familiarity, it was so comforting. Stop the clock!
He pointed to each window in turn, recounting the room behind it quietly to himself. As his finger reached the last room, the hair on his neck prickled.
(The Relativity of Humility and Dignity)
For women, cattle and corn,
Reena and Daryl looking serious while perusing the menu. The lighting was dark and everyone but me had an iPhone and they were taking great flash photos with their camera phones. It wasn’t until the waitress suggested an app for my Droid, which I downloaded in a matter of minutes, that I was able to get some good indoor shots. The app is Camera 360 and I’m liking it a lot.
d. Earthquakes and instability of the land.
Being home has helped, too. I had dinner Saturday night with Buddy and a friend of his. More on that later, but the short version is I'm over being interested in him and I got at least some reassurance that none of the friend-group are upset with me. Sunday, I started Couch to 5K with Writer. By then, I was pretty well back to normal. The endorphins help, too.
What is created on the fourth (and middle) day of creation? When I ask my creationist friends this, they have no clue. I say it is to begin a pattern in the Scripture. This pattern is seen throughout Scripture. Here are some examples:
3. Preheat oven to 415 degrees F (215 degrees C).
For the first week or so I hung out in Healdsburg, in the wine country of northern California. Then we took a tour south, as far as Disneyland in Los Angeles, and the mission at San Juan Capistrano. We took in Cannery Row at Monterey, where John Steinbeck set his novel of the same name. We visited Yosemite and I got to gaze at the spectacular sight that is Half Dome.
So much more Paris to chat about... see you soon... xv
At last, its time for the giveaway!
Volcano then constricts his shores and stutters the rims, of ancient coastlines lost within. It’s cries, of grumbling behemoths, slowly
Last month I started a homeschooling Cub Scout pack. The beauty of it is that it's during the day and siblings can come along. Meetings are chaos, but the kind of chaos we're used to and love.
So, she’s suing FilmDistrict and the theater where she saw it.
"Honey, what do you think I should post about today?"
Ok I've ranted enough. Back to happy-go-lucky-land, hoping your resolutions are being made, abandoned, re-made, re-abandoned, whatever. Just be thinking about changes in your life and other people's, that's enough.
Aymee Fretwell Gandy
Saturday......Gavin was feeling better and I needed to get some running around taken care of.
I had my first severe shunt failure when I was twelve. I almost died. Yeah, that was fun! Haha! But my mom sought out a great doctor for me, who saved my life and gave me a chance to see things through a different lens. But I was still angry and would be for many years to come. Anger was always my lifeblood, until I discovered love.
March Upcountry by John Ringo and David Weber (very good)
Owning a great piece of antique furniture brings a certain kind of glow to your living room. Not only will it inject a certain air of history into your surroundings, but it also affords you a sense of affluence, because, well, antique furniture cost a fortune. However, how your antique furniture performs aesthetically and maintains its durability depends on how you care for it.
Pink spotty Backing Paper from the Papermania Capsule Collection
Earlier this month, Karen at Did You Make That? proposed to host a pyjama party sew-along and I thought, “Hey! I can do that!” Not taxing at all and was actually something I needed to do. Why not make it fun in the process? Karen broke everything down one step at a time, which was a good reminder to me that I don’t necessarily need to finish all my sewing projects in one fell swoop.
6- Waiting Phase Two
My next stop was for new fabric. I stopped by several places, not knowing for sure what I was looking for. I ended up with a cool color of green woven fabric. I had in my mind just making a cover to slip over the whole thing but as I began working, I came up with another idea.
And as much as I’d love to discuss my claim to womanhood, I do not refer to that cycle – I mean the death of contentedness, and rebirth of folly. Over the length of perhaps a year, or less, I go from an antisocial, gloomy constant – who focuses on what she should do rather than what she wants to do – to a severely ADD fanatic who would chose controlled vice and inspired madness over the nunnery that is my reality. It’s not so bad that I become dangerous to myself, or my family, but it tugs at the deep-rooted Catholic guilt I so love to stroke like a long-haired cat, curled up on my breast as I try to sleep. Sometimes there is an overwhelming desire to analyze right and wrong, and others I simply want to wallow in wrong and hide behind my mask of comfortable servitude.
Sophie Scholl was a young student at the University of Munich during the Holocaust. She joined her brother Hans, a fellow student, and a few of their friends in the secret White Rose Society at the University. Together, they created and distributed leaflets around campus speaking the truth about Hitler, the Third Reich and their slaughter of the Jews, the disabled, the sick, and those who disagreed with them. Sophie, Hans and a friend were discovered by the Nazis and arrested. Hans attempted to take full responsibility, giving Sophie the option to deny her involvement and escape potential execution. But during the trial, Sophie valiantly chose to stand by her convictions and the truths she helped to pen in those leaflets. Ultimately, Sophie chose to lay down her life: within hours of her confession, the Nazis beheaded 20 year old Sophie by guillotine.
1 touching
Commando 4400
Have it all when you join Stampin’ Up!
But it was too late. Kriffle was moving so fast and with such fierce determination that they were already well clear of her gang of supporters back at the trunk.
So although this house looks typically English, a representative of the order and elegance of its period, it would not have seemed that way to contemporaries. As course upon course of bricks was laid (and bricks themselves were unusual in this area in 1678), the neighbours would have been shocked at the difference from the traditional stone or timber-framed houses – asymmetrical, low-slung, with small windows and often thatched roofs – of the area. Architecture was changing, before their eyes.
I'm washing my hands and I can hear a commotion outside in the hospitality area and someone says my name. I walk out of the bathroom and say 'watch what you say about Susan', and someone shrieks 'OMG, you won the Raffle Quilt!!! Get out there, hurry.'
The project, estimated to have a reclamation cost of between RM3.2bil and RM3.5bil and a gross development value of RM9bil to RM10bil, could do with the financial muscle of a company like Sime Darby.
*i do love the seasons & you dont get much of that down here.
The point is we live in a 'free society' and in such a society you will see things you do not approve of but thats the point Im making - ISLAM is incompatible with Freedom because INTOLERANCE is taught as part of Islam.
Yeah, that.
I have a two year old who is just so stinkin' cute, but his energy level is through the roof and his curiosity is through...well... I don't know...the atmospshere! He has emptied out nearly every piece of clothing from his dresser a few times yesterday, first thing this morning, and I have been too scared to veer into his room the rest of the day, so I have no idea what it looks like now. He also had fun playing in the toilet this afternoon when I was doing something else, which means he needs cleaned, the toilet needs cleaned, and the floor needs cleaned, too. Maybe I should have made him take a nap today?!
was born in Sioux City Iowa, left the cold of the Midwest in 1991 and only returns to see family in the summer time. She spent ten years traveling the world as a US Marine and settled in rural SC with her husband, two children and three dogs. She enjoys RVing with her family, writing Paranormal Romance / Urban Fantasy and reading all types of
“Let it come, sweetie, let it come, don’t fight it,” he said.
The hill is a 3.1km path back down, again with some lovely views and beautiful Australian flora all around you. But again, it felt quite quick. We were done with the whole thing within an hour.
This is so many kinds of messed up, I’m not even sure where to begin.
I will still update twitter, instagram, Facebook & pinterest often!
The game has in fact gone down in British record books as never before in a professional game of Football in Britain have five players been sent off, although the sending offs were after the final whistle they still count.
Haiti has made one genuinely unique gift to world culture: voodoo. Eighty percent of the population is Catholic, 20 percent are Protestants, and all 100 percent believe in voodoo. Up until the 1950s, Catholics tried to stamp out voodoo but have now adopted some of its rituals.
Ate Tin – You know I have deep affection for you, please take care of your health.
The unfortunate reason for my slowness and lack of notes is that I lost my camera at the wedding in London. So, I'm working from my brain only without drink and menu pictures as back up. I pilfered the pics for this post off Adrian and you can read his review of the bar here. You’ll also find some picture on this site.
Place tomatoes on the bread, covering as much of the surface as possible.
Friday night at the Half Moon, you'll see me and the boys on the bill. What a night that was. Half Moon is a top notch venue in every respect. The guy who calls himself 'Red' on the sound was nothing less than awesome. He turned around 4 full band sound checks with great humour and aplomb. The guy is a legend. He knows his room, he knows his sound and he made all the bands sound fantastic.
We gathered up playmobil people, fisher price little people and imaginext people as our victims. The kids lined up and took turns tossing 5 people into the hungry monster's mouth. Each time they made one in, instead of cheering, we decided to scream like the people getting eaten. I know, that's a bit gruesome, but it was also a bit funny. We did several rounds and the kids had fun.
four decades, prisoners have reported this kind of pepper torture
-looking at a few artbooks and discussing what she likes and doesn't like about various artists and why. We really analyzed Vemeer, which she DOES like, but I didn't go into detail about the religious implications of women behaving badly, because surely if a work of art is to stand the test of time it will have meaning in modern context too.
One will believe what his mind tells him to believe. If one is spiritually minded he will believe the things of the Lord. But if he is carnally or fleshly minded; he will believe the things of this world. So we see in Galatians 5:16, “Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh.” It is more clearly stated in Romans 8:5. “For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh; but they that are after the Spirit the things of the Spirit.” Who governs your mind?
Hopefully the rhythms and message of the song were carried away through the week for those present in worship Sunday morning.
As we move toward this nextgen litigation support version let’s consider that incremental change may not be good enough going forward. We may have to adapt and change a bit more quickly than we have in the past.
Toasted peanuts, ½ cup, pounded into small pieces
Reliever Carlos Diaz wore the No. 27 for the Dodgers from 1984-86. The stats say he had a decent year for the Dodgers in 1985, but I don't remember him doing anything but giving up hits, probably because I held a grudge that the Dodgers dealt Sid Fernandez to the Mets in a deal for Diaz.
As I approached the new swamp, I thought that since I hadn’t been back in there for a few days, today would be a good day to follow the deer trail back in as far as I could go. I spent a long time back there, taking some not too good photos of hundreds or yellow-rumped warblers.
“anti-racists” support this FORCED diversity. Anti-racist is a code word for anti-White.
The Harris Museum is in the centre of Preston, Lancashire, an excellent example of Neo-Classical Victorian municipal architecture. Its a very impressive and imposing structure in the middle of the city.
So I began writing what was to become my first book, Griffin Rising, that weekend; a tale about a young apprentice angel with serious self esteem issues and his coming of age under the tutelage of a larger-then-life mentor, interwoven with a charming love story between Griffin and the mortal girl next door.
Who never did,
The last ten days - busy. In many ways I am challenged by fears that I will not be able to cope. By the feeling that this ministry thing is more difficult than I anticipated. My mind is full of revolving possibilities and action replays of events and conversations. That is ok for now, but I need to get past it. I need to accept that not everyone is going to like the way I think, that I am not going to live up to my own ideals and perfectionist standards and that I probably should stop taking myself so seriously. I think in time that will come.
I’ve been lost on a postcard spree but am now calming things down to get ready for Nano. After last year’s effort I began a new project for this year, writing pages of notes and summarising maybe about ten chapters; it hasn’t been out of its cage since and I have no idea what it was about but I’m going to keep it there until Monday night. When I come back from work and settle down I’ll open it up and remind myself of the story and then at the stroke of midnight I’ll begin writing. As always, I’m excited at the start of something new.
The information should be presented in an easy to glance format and should normally be broken down into sections per step. The naming conventions should be the same as used in different steps to make it easier for users to identify their data and step they entered it in. Other than viewing all their entered data, users should be able to edit their data to make any changes. This is another important reason why each step should be presented as a section on the review page. An edit link/button should be added on the top right corner of each section for users to navigate to the right step to edit their data. As discussed in the previous post, data should be persisted temporarily so that it can be retrieved for editing purposes.
From that same vantage point, you can barely see Pass Lake, and then the rises beyond it are the climb up to Deception Pass, between Fidalgo Island and Whidbey Island. (I’m trying to find some information on the depth of Pass Lake, which I’ve been told is a lot deeper than the other lakes in the area, but I can’t find anything on it at present, alas…)
1. Tear and lightly muddle the basil leaves. Squeeze lemon juice over basil leaves.
think about this other soul
“You changed your mind,” Brian didn’t sound as though he believed me.
I like to think of Tui Flower as a special secret I am revealing to you all. People over a certain age will recognize the name but I was in a room of 20 and 30 somethings recently and when I said I would be interviewing Tui Flower there was silence and blank looks. So here she is – the doyenne of New Zealand food writers. Her first book was the self titled Tui Flower Cookbook followed up by the classic New Zealand Women’s Weekly Cookbook. If you don’t know it, your mothers will.
How I use the system- We always eat the first meal on the day I assemble which leave 4 days to consume the rest. Of course you can freeze any meal marked "freezable" to consume later.
I love thinking of Mother's Day as a celebration of all women who nurture. Here's hoping we all get a little extra love back this weekend!
As per my usual methods the CD was ripped with EAC to the FLAC format and includes the EAC made LOG file and CUE Sheet file. I also made a M3U PlayList file and provide high quality artwork scans. The MP3 was created from the FLAC files using 'Easy CD-DA Extractor' and includes all the other files as well (the LOG and CUE and M3U and artwork scans).
New York is among nine states that do not have comprehensive laws that deal specifically with electronic harassment, but it has at least a dozen laws to address bullying, including two new ones that apply to youths. One is the Dignity Act. The other one is the Cyber-Crime Youth Rescue Act, which created both an educational and punishment alternative for some teenagers charged with sexting — sending inappropriate photo or word texts about sex — or cyberbullying.
Comes and turbulence goes, stress does undress this mind and wastes
I was having a chat with a friend of mine a few days back and we were discussing how a man can tell if a woman is marriage material. Now this friend is not yet a Christian, but he is a conservative. So I suggested to him this list of questions (below) that I ask women when I want to test them.
The Real Grand Chessboard and the Profiteers of War by Prof. Peter Dale Scott writes about how the military industry has used the War On Terror to replace and expand the Cold War across the globe.
brad
If any of these questions are answered with a True, then a grkids.com PERKS card is a must for you!
I've really missed entering the Less is More weekly challenges and as I needed to create a birthday card for a male pal, I thought it would be a great opportunity to try to make the card fit the challenge theme for this week, which is a sketch.
First, we drove through the woods, for what seemed like forever and decided to park near the soldier huts. We checked it out;
(Come sweet death! be persuaded O beautiful death!
(Side note: Forgive the frustratingly dark photos. I was forced to battle indoor photography... I WILL be making a light box next week.)
Obama: You! Is there anyone else here?
Oh and we’ll probably use a Citroen Jumpy, with a 2.2 diesel engine.
He rose from the grave for every, single one of us.
He asked those gathered to not let any hate they had for him “eat you up.”
Before I tell you what you could be winning, I wanted to show off my new little jewelry holder. I found this on the clearance rack at Urban Barn.
Whether or not your stepkids celebrate you on this holiday or not, celebrate yourself. Get up with some other stepmom friends for toddies and party together. Tell your husband exactly how you would like to spend the day, and let him spoil you rotten. You don’t have to wait for anyone else’s approval to feel proud of your role as a stepmom. If folks choose to judge you, chances are they aren’t stepmoms and wouldn’t survive a half-mile walk in your moccasins, so screw ‘em. When you validate yourself, you give off a different vibe. It’s hard to be huffy around a woman who shines. So here’s a cyber-bouquet, Ladies! Have a wonderful Mother’s Day!
* More students must gain entrance to veterinary science through the most competitive category, namely the ‘open category’, to afford top achievers a better chance to be accepted.
“I’m not pissed. It’s football,” Favre told Sports Illustrated‘s Peter King. “I don’t think anything less of those guys. Said or unsaid, guys do it anyway. If they can drill you and get you out, they will.”
I went to check it out and it exceeded my expectations. TrueBlindFaith.com has some of the most adorable revival pieces of classic vintage costume jewelry, now in the form of hair jewelry like combs and tiaras for weddings. It looks like they mainly create for weddings, but what a beautiful way to bring along something special from a loved one down the aisle when they can't be there in person. I am no jewelry maker, but it would be fun to take one of my grandmother's jewelry pieces and have it reworked to go on a comb to wear in my hair.
Pride is also evident in the amount of plastic surgery on display in Las Vegas. 50+ year old women with huge breast augmentations in bikinis I would be afraid to wear sauntering thru the casinos with their obviously rich husbands or man-toys, while the man-toy is scoping the augmented fillie 30 years his woman’s junior. I feel sorry for these women who are still operating from a place of what they offer externally is what makes them desireable. After a certain age, it’s a losing proposition. No matter how well preserved a woman, there will be someone younger, tighter, less wrinkled. Let’s face it! There is no stopping time. But in Las Vegas, the illusion sure exists, and is paraded in front of you on a daily basis.
drippy ice cream cones
I will have some all ready to ship on November 5th
The ground
No spear-headed stalks have started poking through yet.
Plastic wrap or something else to cover the dough while it rises
Earlier today, the sixtieth anniversary of the Queen’s accession was heralded in London by a 41 gun royal salute fired by the King's Troop Royal Horse Artillery in Hyde Park, closely followed by a 62 gun royal salute fired by the Honourable Artillery Company at the Tower of London.
So here… Teachers are generally brāhmaṇas. Not generally. To become teacher is the business of the brāhmaṇas. Brāhmaṇa means they have got six kinds of… Everyone must have livelihood. This material world is that you must work; otherwise you cannot get your livelihood. That is the law, whatever you may be. So the brāhmaṇas’ means of livelihood, six things: paṭhana pāṭhana yajana yājana dāna pratigraha. Paṭhana means he must be a very learned scholar, study the Vedic literature, and must teach others also. That is brāhmaṇa’s business. And in that way, whatever the disciples bring, that is his income. No salary, no contract, that “If you pay me hundred dollars or five hundred dollars weekly, then I can teach you.” No. There is no such contract. Teaching is free. It is the business of a brāhmaṇa to give free education to everyone. Now, it is the… Just like in our institution, I am your teacher, but there is no such contract that you have to pay me. But you pay me more than anything. So paṭhana pāṭhana, that is the means of livelihood of brāhmaṇa. And kṣatriya, they are kings. They can levy tax of the citizens because they are giving protection from being hurt by others. Kṣatriya means one who gives protection (to) a man being hurt by others. That is the real root meaning. Kṣatriya. And vaiśya means they should, kṛṣi-gorakṣya-vāṇijyam, they should engage themselves in producing foodstuff, foodgrains, kṛṣi, protect cows. Especially gorakṣya. As the king is meant for giving protection to the man, similarly, a vaiśya is supposed to give protection to the cows, or they keep cows and produce milk products. They are vaiśya. And śūdra, simply service. So these are the different types of employment of different kinds of social order. And a king, the king has to see that everyone is employed. Not that hundreds of people are unemployed, and government has to give welfare, subsidy. Not like that. The king’s duty is that everyone is independently earning his livelihood. That is king’s duty.
1 bloom
I am convinced that God has a plan for your life as well. Are you fitting in to that divine will?
Perhaps cities could even set aside small test-plots, urban labs in which gardens of architectural form can grow. 10 square blocks of west Los Angeles are re-zoned as if they're part of Paris; when new laws are passed in Paris, they go into force there, too.
Let me hear you say everything's okay
7:39: The shower turns off. Monkeyboy and Junebug finish eating their waffles and I scrub them down until I'm satisfied there is no syrup to be found on their hands or faces. I knock on the bathroom door and inform Bluebird that she needs to come out because I need the bathroom to help her siblings brush their teeth and comb their hair. She comes out and sits down to her toast, I wrangle the Littles into the bathroom.
To date, the city has spent more than $1.5 billion on the improvements. It’s expected to cost another $445 million to complete the consent decree-related work.
Mad scientist sounds so, well, angry, and I do so try to avoid the concept of anger. How about ironic scientist? That sounds good. I would say paradoxical scientist, but that would invite baseless accusations of me being contrary, of all things.
The Slog has also been interrogating DSK’s ‘sexual past’. All I can tell you is that while the man is a philanderer, there is no hint in anything published anywhere that Strauss-Kahn gets off on forced sex. This for instance from Business Insider this morning:
I know this boy personally, in fact he had been to my house on one or two occasions and his dad happened to be my ex classmate as well, he used to kind of good in his primarily years but the last I heard,when he went into secondary forms, he changed and the latest news I gathered was that this boy was expelled from Jovial school on the ground that he was involved in triad society and said to have collected "protection money' from his fellow school mates.
Beat a dead horse
It had been expensive, fitting the two-way mirrors, but there was no avoiding it. The museum was losing money, he had been told. People were no longer interested in ‘artefacts’. But there was – how should we put this – a market for another kind of exhibition.
Struck (Struck #1)
Sometimes I feel like my “casting” is on a retractable pole… and it just keeps coming back in my lap.
It’s a high school boy that lives down the road from me. His name is Brian and he’s a tall, beefy, red-faced asshole. His book bag has come open and papers are falling all over the floor as he tries to steady himself. I pick up my book.
Hope you enjoyed the post! :D
So whether you’re a primary, second or third level teacher, a newcomer to ICT or an expert – you’ll gain practical tips on:
Over the pond in the UK the Brits, who had been very unbothered to the point of being negative about the Games up until then, went mad, celebrating in the fountains in Trafalgar Square and generally being very gleeful about the whole thing.
in their rainbows
50 Hard Style KB Swings (Not set in stone…If your form breaks down after ten swings, go with ten for the time being.) Followed by:
Which I really rather love? But am also totally flummoxed by.
A plane, train, and an automobile later I was on the west coast of mainland Thailand, in a town called Khao Lak – which had recently been devastated by the tsunami, and people were just getting back on their feet. The first time I went for a swim on the beach, I found the watery depths held clues to the town’s tragic past: the twisted and torn remains of the beachfront hotels, dragged underwater by receding waves.
Craft is a topic that has come up in quite a few of the lectures this year. A lot of people mentioned it and everyone had their own opinion it. The topic has played heavily on my mind since the last few lectures.
I look down into the trunk as my father disappears around the side of the trailer. When he comes back, he’s dragging the garden hose and a large plastic tub into which he’s thrown a bottle of dish detergent.
Liam has his own reasons for fleeing to the isolation of the north, and a relationship is the last thing he wants. He wasn't counting on being drawn to the pretty nurse who accompanies patients on his flights to southern hospitals.
Jeff Beck’s forthcoming new solo album, Emotion & Commotion, promises to be among the most eclectic recordings of the guitarist’s career.
The first being that Georgiabelle turned TWO in June! TWO!!!! Can you believe it? When I started this blog she was not even born....so much time has passed. She is so grown up and is so intelligent and has so much love for the world, and everyone around her. She constantly wants to give hugs and kisses and for that, I am so thankful....have we entered the terrible two's? Absolutely. Have I bought stock in Two Buck Chuck? You betcha. But this age is so much fun and I am just soaking in every moment we have with her. Pictures to come....
Ink: Stampin Up-Cherry Cobbler
Cappa Bleu made his racing debut in a point-to-point at Tullow on February 10, 2008, when he fell at the penultimate fence after running an encouraging race. He returned seven days later at Knockanard and showed promise in second behind Dreamy Sweeney before breaking his maiden tag at Kilworth point-to-point in comfortable fashion on March 1. He returned after a short break on April 27 at Ballybunion point-to-point, winning well despite the heavy ground. After his sale to William and Angela Rucker, he came to Britain to be trained by Sheila Crow and, following a brace of point-to-point victories, he was sent to the Christie’s Foxhunter Chase at the 2009
*”Did he smell like pee?” “Who would smell like pee?” “Writers.”
Source for information below: Chez Chiara: These customs have more to do with Vernal Equinox and not necessarily with the full moon. Please click on the links for many photographs and customs around the world.
There are four new charts in my stash thanks to the sale and two very kind RAK's (One chart and one gift certificate..... thanks Rachael and Liz!) and I got these......
Because I loooooove TV. Maybe it comes from growing up without it, but I am a TV fiend. The first thing I do when I walk into a room is turn on the TV. Fortunately, the Missus feels the same way. Anyway. . .
I made another hat while I was in Mex... I'll take a pic soon and tell you about it.
PRD Realty, owners of the triangular Bergen Tile building since 1934, want to make sure there's retail on the ground floor, not use it to meet the city's increasingly antiquated parking minimums, spots for 40% of the units.
We decided to make the ice cream together by which I mean that Shanti's mom pressed the on button on the blender and I stood behind her to lend moral support. Because this is all the work that the recipe needs.
When it comes to file transfer speed, the Windows 8 consumer preview seems not to have lived upto users’ expectations. The astonishing result was that Windows 7 copied faster than the Consumer Preview of the new OS. The speed tests for the same were performed on ASUS Zenbook UX31, Samsung Series 7, and Dell Inspiron 15. In the case of ASUS Zenbook UX31 and Samsung Series 7, the difference between file transfer speed of Windows 7 and Windows 8 was quite significant. And that’s really disappointing for Microsoft’s most ambitious project.
angelique@thetwocentscorp.com
G: It’s almost impossible for us to understand such a life, obsessed with creation, but without wanting any public reaction. In a way, it’s purer art for not having a multitude of influences from people seeing the work.
If you want some tips on small changes to make your daily routine more happy check out this post, “Ten Tips for Being Happier.”
Authority. Everyman desires authority, to be king of his castle. But just as everyman wishes to lead, so to do men desire to have one worthy of being followed. A man with trust, honor, and glory is one men will grant authority. For men know that power flows upwards, gathering into the hands of a few, and they would have these few be worthy.
I have to tell you that I’ve seen some pretty weak sauce in my time, but this argument would hardly pass for weak gruel. Firstly, there’s the statistic–16%? Good grief, that’s not a terribly shocking or convincing number. Secondly, there’s this : I’m not sure how to tolerate things like misogyny, racism, homophobia and xenophobia– all things that make up the backbone of wingnut ideology. I mean, yes, if you think that paying for birth control as a part of comprehensive government-mandated coverage is outrageous because ZOMG SLUTZ!, I’m not sure where to take the conversation from there. If you think Obama is illegitimate because he’s Black/Interracial/A Chicago Thug/Dependent on Teleprompters/Muslim/Kenyan/Dines on the fetuses he’s ripped from the wombs of Good Christian White Women, I don’t know what to tell you.
I had to tell them the truth. There is little in your lives that will not be affected by this in some way. Now that you are coming into adulthood, you will be grappling or denying the existence of this paradigm in innumerable ways. And I didn’t tell them; it will be painful. It will hurt you and you won’t know what to do. You will want to protect your daughter, sister or wife from hating herself and you won’t be able to do it. Culture is too large a gorilla. But I hand them vocabulary and try to remember I am an English teacher, and after all, it’s just a peer review day…
You say you are inspired by the Hudson Valley. What do you pull from this beautiful landscape?
_____women buy so many shoes because they spend most of their time on their feet walking around the shops…buying shoes
Fifth, that Jerusalem was actually destroyed by Nebuchadnezzar’s armies in 607 BC. The date for Jerusalem’s destruction is one of the most accurately fixed of ancient history. More, significantly, the historical sources that establish the date for Babylon’s fall in 539 BC, (which date the Watchtower Society does accept and, in fact, which it uses as the starting point for its 1914 calculations) are exactly the same sources that establish 587/6 BC as the date for Jerusalem’s destruction! Several independent lines of evidence (historical, astronomical, archeological, etc.) point to the date of 587/86 BC, not 607 BC, as the date of Jerusalem’s destruction. There is not a single line of historical evidence which supports the 607 BC date. (See The Gentile Times Reconsidered, Carl Olof Jonsson, Commentary Press, 1998 for a detailed discussion of this topic.)
10 months is amazing! She is a giggly, energetic, funny ball of cuddles.
Belated Friday. It's been one of those crush weeks, but I did enjoy a lovely dinner with my neighbor Jerrie, at Marche aux Fleurs in Ross, a first time for both of us. I was excited to hear that her new book, Kismet, has just been published and am looking forward to reading it. It was a beautiful evening and the setting couldn't have been better. This s a place where you can actually hear your dinner companion, and enjoy a nice conversation. It was a bit dark to get a good photo of the outside, so I scanned their card in as an introduction.
Ever wonder what the different moons are called?
Brianna Oliver, Program Manager, Communications & Development, shares her reaction Despite the eloquent and inspirational messages delivered by representatives from the Japanese government, pastoral mission networks, the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association and Samaritan’s Purse, I found myself looking into the sanctuary lined with pews and filled with people.
All of course the figment of my imagination.
4. Add farfalle to the pot and cook until al dente.
Passive-aggressives are often people who believe their lives are controlled by others; but they lack the skill, knowledge, desire and/or confidence necessary to be assertive. To minimize their attacks, be as assertive as possible. Most passive-aggressives find it no fun to deal with someone who will openly and honestly call them out about their behavior. Be aware that passive-aggressive behavior almost always produces a passive-aggressive reaction.
Powerful sources may also use their prestige and importance to the media as a lever to deny critics access to the media: the Defense Department, for example, refused to participate in National Public Radio discussions of defense issues if experts from the Center for Defense Information were on the program; Elliott Abrams refused to appear on a program on human rights in Central America at the Kennedy School of Government, at Harvard University, unless the former ambassador, Robert White, was excluded as a participant; Claire Sterling refused to participate in television-network shows on the Bulgarian Connection where her critics would appear. In the last two of these cases, the authorities and brand-name experts were successful in monopolizing access by coercive threats.
On her blog, twitter, and within our team forums, April is a great advocate of time management, which is so important for any small business, and also fits well with her brand: Boards, Magnets and Message Centers, all tie together with her central theme of orgnaziation, all born from a need to find a better way to help her children display things safely and (presumably) attractively.
The Sun naturally is like a burnt orange… just sounds right, no? The Moon’s light on the other hand is pale and cool, like snow. Seems right. Mars being red seems perfectly normal, since the visible planet is a red star, and since red is the color of energy and agression. Mercury being green is actually very cool because green is the exact MIDDLE of the spectrum, and diplomatic Mercury always takes the middle position (to the extent of even being transgendered). Jupiter is saffron… in many cultures, especially Eastern ones, saffron is the color of the teacher/ priest – which is Jupiter’s position. I am not sure if this is a circular argument though. Need to think more about it. The overall composition of light from the physical, three-dimensional planet Jupiter also seems pretty close to saffron… not sure if that is important, though.
I'm there already.The books are pricey but if you're looking for a useful tax deductible present for yourself any of them would be ideal.
And here are the answers; straight from the mouths (or fingertips) of real, fellow college students:
Of course, the one-drop rule operates differently with respect to Hispanics. Black civil rights leaders now want to say that having a single drop of white blood means you are white, not Hispanic. The reason for that is obvious: open-border immigration has made Hispanics the largest minority in America – numerically, if not politically, speaking.
Like you I am a non-transgender gay guy, and I strongly disagree with the content of your blog post. You messed up big time. Perhaps these many comments will serve as a wake-up call. Hopefully you will not react defensively. Rather I hope you reflect, read, listen. Some. The work of being an ally means we will get it wrong. We will get corrected. We will need to educate ourselves, listen deeply and educate ourselves some more. Think of the clumsy ill-informed gay allies you may have met in your early gay days. Clueless and uneducated allies can make a mess.
so she can see him, stop squinting,
See above!
Is it not time that we should become peacemakers in a world whose beauty is marred by so much strife?
You’d almost think Obama was the Manchurian President, destroying America on purpose in his pursuit of the Cloward and Piven strategy for a Marxist America. It has got to be either that, or he is so shockingly incompetent that it is utterly unreal. Which scenario is more the frightening, I frankly don’t know.
okay so this was my "BIG" project for this week... Making a twins card for myself and my twin sister Irene... It was a lot of fun, but you don't realize how hard it is to color the exact same picture Twice ( exactly alike )..lol
The pattern is available here. I purchased this fine this pattern when she was having a 30% off birthday sale. That's totally insignificant but I just wanted to tell you. Go to her site. It's Super Cute.
Elles sont petites (we add ‘es’ to form the feminine plural)
2/6 Slice has cheese, olives, mushrooms, pepperoni, and peppers
At first, Disney envisioned an 8-acre park which would be located near his Burbank studios and be called, “Mickey Mouse Park.” However, as Disney began to plan themed areas, he quickly realized that 8-acres would be way too small for his vision.
…When you read that statement did you instantly think of money? Most people do. Giving in the Kingdom of God is balanced. not one sided….it isn’t all about money.
Several weeks ago I was out walking to get a bit of fresh air and exercise away from the computer. Just as I was striding along, I slipped on some gravel and ended up sitting down rather abruptly on the footpath with my left leg twisted at an awkward angle. As it turned out, I’d not only sprained my ankle but fractured the bone as well. Very painful indeed. The doctor’s orders were to rest, keep my feet raised and not walk too much. He obviously didn’t know me very well! Life happens. Get on with it!
the Environment 4(2): 197-209.
Well, as Kinky Friedman famously said, "I support gay marriage. I believe they have a right to be as miserable as the rest of us."
Update: I lost. Or to be more accurate Noah chose me. Oh the love.
While many of the techniques will be familiar to any working artist, there are quite a few innovative and unique techniques throughout the book that are likely to be new to many. Examples of these include faux encaustic, fiber paste, paint skins, gel string, plaster gauze, venetian plaster, shaving foam, rubbing alcohol, soap, rinse aid, and even kitty litter.
Yesterday at church I was talking with a dear friend about the discipline of exercise. We both knew it was something we needed to get serious about but haven't gotten into the habit. I can be consistent for a season and then there is a change in the routine and the daily habit of exercise goes out the door.
still not believing
Needless to say, this dramatic development was ignored by the MSM, which is wedded to prestige, and would give space to Dannatt, but not our blog. Who were we, after all, to challenge the Great General?
The sacrifices of the members of the military are obvious. I have great respect for all they do and all they risk. I obviously didn't ever join the military, but that is something I can conceive of having done if my life had been different. But I didn't, and I know I can't even begin to understand how it feels to dedicate your life to preserving the well-being of an entire nation, knowing that you are putting yourself in harm's way.
I went back and forth between nap and staring for an unknown amount of time. During a nap, I was awakened by a loud noise of them unlocking my door. Then they called my name over the loud speaker. I had no idea what time it was but I knew from the slit of a window in my cell it was still dark. I jumped up and got the hell up outta there as fast as the government issued flip flops could let me. I went to release and got my clothes. I couldn't wait to get them on so I could feel like a human again. I got out, picked up the rest of my belongings, and then I got my first glimpse at a clock. 5:36 a.m. I had been in there for 18 and a half hours. I called my husband from the front desk to pick me up. He got there in 15 minutes. After a terrible ordeal, I was finally on my way home.
** DO NOT omit! this is essential in helping the blintz leaves not stick to the pan
…you unstrangle me
Google estimates that as of August 2010, there were 129,864,880 books in existence. Which means that the total number of books that will be published in 2012 is more than 1/10 of all the books in existence. That is an unfathomable jump, a 500% increase in a single year. (That is correct, right? 3,000,000 times 500% = 15,000,000.) Unbelievable.
Protesting in the ministry of labor in the morning:
Pesto or Sun Dried Tomato Paste
Yo head leak like water drippin from a faucet
This is Britain's best-selling history magazine for a reason, and magazine subscriptions make nice gifts because they keep arriving all year. This magazine focuses on British history but has good international coverage, as well.
1/ I've sent those emails that are long overdue...
He’s a hack… and he is destined for a big defeat
They leave that role to the poor
I wish I could say that this happened a couple of years ago but alas it was just this morning. John had to leave for work early so I was all hands on deck for the feverish rush to get ready for school. We were only a little behind schedule when I suddenly remember its school photo day. In the middle of getting Poppy dressed, making her lunch, getting her breakfast and getting myself ready I have to find the ‘school photo’ form. As I lay my hands on the form I remember that my credit card expired on April 30th and its May 2nd and I need to phone and activate my new credit card. I go looking for my handbag to get my purse but I can’t find it anywhere but when I go upstairs to grab Poppy’s blue school stockings I spy it on the bedroom floor. Yay!! I phone the credit card company and of course get transferred to another department and all the time my stress level is rising. Finally the credit card is activated and I fill out the photo order form. Then I realise I have no fruit for her lunch. Who cares I think to myself. I pop a fruit puree thingy in her lunchbox instead. Poppy tells me I can’t do that because it’s not considered to be real fruit, ugggghhhhhh.
for your touch
Please comment so I can add the link to your blog to this post. We would love to see what you do!
This is how I'm writing horror...the character above...such an ordinary scene...yet...there is a cleaver...
It comes after Octomom went back on a previous vow and admitted she would be willing to do porn if the offer was good enough.
And partly because we love it and can’t quite bring ourselves to let it go. When we bought the place, we remodeled the entire main floor. We didn’t plan on moving again–thought this town would be a great place to retire in someday–and so we did everything just as we liked. Which means if we sell, we won’t get out what we put into it.
“While some people laughed, others – including a delegation from Limerick rugby club Young Munster – said the comments were deeply offensive.”
Gave chase without activating lights and sirens.
Meanwhile, the Accountant strolls casually behind, stops in at the church, tortures someone for information and proceeds on at a leisurely pace.
It's important to find a balance. It's important to not take yourself too seriously, and not let the pressures of the job cave you in. I think it's also important to remember that at the end of the day there is a greater responsibility to your craft. It's not just about the daily drudgery--there has to be a bigger goal. Life isn't just decaying slowly.
J: …Holy cow I leave for just a little while and there’s a flippin’ rage war…guys take a chillaxitive. I mean I don’t expect Daniel to show anyone any respect but he stated that in previous so you’ve been forewarned. Also, directing this at Daniel. You probably already know this but I’ll remind you. If people decide to start raging feel free to simply delete their comments, excluding yourself I suppose. I mean people might not show you any respect from time to time but thats no reason to just stop being respectful yourself especially if that is the standard you claim to hold yourself to.
Happy May to all you May lovers out there! I am a particular fan of the month because in Memphis, there is a LOT going on! We have MusicFest, BBQFest, Sunset Symphony, and many other exciting things to do around the city! So, I figured, what better than a Pork-Themed Post to get the Memphis Month O’ Pork started off on the right foot!
Adele, the successful British singer of ’19′ and ’21′ and “Rolling In The Deep” and “Someone Like You” had to cancel her tour because of vocal damage. The problems were so bad, she had to be operated on and was out of action for 9 months. This had a big impact on her career.
Tom gasped.
** Oh, and MB? Moral Best! Because I didn't try so hard.
03. Down By The River
much stranger than what think we know.
Little wonder then, that when two morally outraged forces meet, the resultant exchange is merely an exercise in exponentially upping the ante. Or that such moral outrage lends itself to absolutism: something is either completely good or utterly bad, unquestionably right or unspeakably wrong; us, and them. In no time at all, reason is outlawed all together and all that remains is wild accusation.
I can hear Jane chirping down the hall.
There was a little of this:
When I returned to the Austin History Center in 2009 to double-check the works that I had studied for and cited in the articles I had written three and four years before, I found that in some cases I had made incorrect or incomplete citations. While some of the materials I looked at were old newspaper clippings, sometimes with no date, author, or name of newspaper available, I take responsibility for any errors. Just as alarming to me was the fact I was unable to find a some of the materials I had previously used. Apparently they had been refiled, re-categorized, misfiled, stolen, or I was looking for them in the wrong places. As a result my list of sources is a hybrid of what I was able to find in 2005 to 2006 and what I rediscovered in 2009.
Digital Anti-shock
It’s got a lot of things in it that are funny, but underneath it all it’s kind of a drama.
Plain and ordinary
Along those lines comes Luis (who chose to use the Secret Handshake name so he wouldn’t be confused only as a latin singer), a latin….soul/pop singer? Yes, apparently that’s possible, and today’s track is a perfect example.
And making me frantic
I created this game for my university pre-intern and my parent volunteers to use next week as a literacy center. Click on the pictures to download.
The bracelet was equally easy, just slip buttons through split rings and link them to a bracelet. It takes a little longer to do than the owl, but it's easy enough.
At this point it had been about five minutes, a line had formed behind us and worst of all we forgot what the hell Connor said he wanted.
So have you all been over to DSA (DigiScrapAddicts) and seen their SYTYCD (So You Think You Can Design) contest? OMGosh there's some WONDERFUL kits up there! TOTALLY free! I kid you not. There are 80 designers in the contest, so by the time this week is done, that's 80 free kits, for you all. I'm serious! You should check it out :) But then come back here. hehehe. Don't forget about me - LOL!
So this is what I decided. Screw it! I'm going to blog about what I want to blog about when I want to blog about it and do it all in one blog. (See if you can come up with a sentence that uses the word blog more than that!)
Two against nature indeed. Falling in love makes you vulnerable….. exposed…..helpless….love isn’t something you can stop….so yeah….fight to control it and it will evaporate …just like that…….
From that I take it that Mr Whyte can be prevented from being the director of a football club, but also that he can be prevented from being majority owner. There would, I am sure, be some interesting legal challenges about the fact that Rangers FC Group Ltd owns 85% of Rangers, but Mr Whyte made it clear that he was in charge and that he was the owner.
I love to giggle and play with my dog Sully
I don't know how to get out of this funk that I'm in.
Would you risk millions of marketing dollars with only a nominal command of language?
Joel T. Boyd
Rewind to July 2009 when things were starting to cave-in on us. The pinch initially began in January 2009. So, by July the shock and awe on my naive arse was really overwhelming!
Once Henry VIII came to the throne, the codpiece became an art form. It was exaggerated to amazing proportions. It was often stuffed with a padding called bombast – a word now used to mean pompous and pretentious. It was puffed and boned and slashed and sometimes heavily ornamented. It became so large that it was often used to conceal a weapon or to hide jewels. (Hence a man’s genitalia being known as ‘the family jewels’.) Armour at this time followed the fashion and metal codpieces were added to the best full harnesses.
We ended up unexpectedly at this spot having had a lovely lunch at the Pilot Inn, a pub dating back to 1801, a lone clump of small buildings clinging on in a no-man's land, despite the building of the O2 arena and the 'Millennium Village' around it. Despite this, it is a pub with a lovely feel, including an outside garden. My Greenwich-born and bred husband remembers uncles coming to drink here at 'their local' when it was still set in a light industrial area.
I know that twitter is a very vast place and this number is probably nothing for the elite validated of twitter, but for me this isn’t a common occurrence. Social media is such an interesting platform for reaching people that it’s no wonder that we’re now subjected to advertisements in our feeds… I can just see product marketing teams going into zombie mode when looking at the exposure to be had on social media sites such as facebook and twitter. I imagine it’s enough to make someone in that position immediately drool over their keyboards while mumbling “SO MANY PEOPLE” over and over.
How could you seriously view the grandeur and excellence of any mega yacht with no seeing its designer inside, under-going its entertainment and appearance systems, landing on the superior of these helicopter landing pad? If you want to get conscious whatever you’re acquiring, be considered a percentage of an organization or individual
-JCH
Unfortunately, we feel that this scenario is extremely unlikely. We saw 13 years of a Labour government committed cuts and privatisation of public services and where they are still in power, in the Assembly and in councils they are willingly carrying out cuts today. In Cumbria the Labour councillors are even in a formal coalition with the tories! If that doesn't demonstrate whose side they are really on then nothing will. The Labour Party has shown itself to be a party fully committed to rolling back the welfare state.
When the previous receiver fails, and everyone receives the memories she received, they are unable to handle it. That is really interesting, because you realize they’ve done everything everything they can to get rid of emotional pain. They’re just not able to handle it, which is really interesting.
There some sections of the internet which just aren't safe, no matter what prophylactics you keep on hand. Firewall, paid-up & up-to-date paid antivirals, using a low-trust dummy account, and it *still* slipped on through as if it was strolling in the front door. Manga scanslation sites are the modern-day equivalent of a 19th century San Francisco coolie whorehouse - you'll catch a virtual STD just walking the sidewalk outside it.
When I think about all of the reasons I love free learning, and there are many, the one that strikes the greatest chord with me is this: by choosing when, where, how, and what to learn, children will develop a passion for - perhaps an addiction to - the act of learning itself. If we accept that people love to learn, and that they especially love to learn something that brings them joy and hold their interest, then it follows that such feelings of joy will be contagious to them. They will never stop at just one subject or just one topic. They have felt the spark that comes from digging deeply into a subject, exploring new territory, finding new applications, playing with new ideas and the feelings that always seem to follow. That becomes a switch that is impossible to turn off, because they have ignited the spark of a love for learning.
Be Healthy, Be Happy, Be Chic.
(Maniacal shredding of giftwrap by thirty-something man.)
Oh, your little personality. You are quite a strong-willed, determined little girl! And I know you got that from me, as my mom said I was just like you when I was a little girl. You can have quite a temper too. You always want to do things by yourself, and if we try to help you out, you flail your arms up and down like you’re trying to say, “I can do it myself!” Recently, you’ve started arching your back, throwing your head back and making your body really stiff if we try to help you with something or ask you to do something you don’t want to do. Oh goodness.
I used a soft rag, a very liberal amount of dye and let it sit.
SPENT HOPS - "Spent sour hops were lying too long in close proximity to hop backs and coppers.'
2 14 1/2 ounce cans pureed crushed tomatoes
The memorial service noted passages from the Bible referencing God’s unending love and unending devotion to those who experience suffering.
And that’s the best and worst for another year. See you all in two weeks after this holiday break. I’ll be back after the New Year with more reviews, follow ups, thoughts and jibba jabba on this crazy television world of ours. Thank you all for reading, have a very Merry Christmas and much less merry but still kind of okay New Years.
Book Info: Published by HarperTeen; 335 pages; hardcover; from the library
They don't view the problem as an epic battle between in-house and outside counsel, and neither do I. For more information on strategic legal sourcing, check out the Altman Weil Direct newsletter at http://www.altmanweil.com/about/newsletter.cfm. I have been reading it for years and would enjoy hearing your thoughts on some of these ideas on how to get more for your money from outside counsel. I'll even spring for the lunch.
So...this one time...we were doing a unit on Holland.
Must visit places,
As you can see my version is not like the doll pictured on the pattern . That is because I usually buy a pattern for the basic body then I do my own thing.
4:30pm. Minutes after our entertaining spectacle for the passengers, our contact phoned to tell us the small town where we parked had the same name as the bigger small town with an official train platform—just a short 15 kilometers down road. As in the movies, dust kicked up where dirt road met highway and our car jumped the shoulder, shifting gears mid-air, and sped toward our comfortable seats on the lunch wagon, where this whole episode would become a past episode in a string of repeating episodes that is not just a memorable blog moment for my new Bolivian friends but a very real part of their existence, their national situation, their struggle to arrive in a climate unfriendly toward arriving.
Iranian intelligence operatives recently detained over a dozen squirrels found within the nation's borders, claiming the rodents were serving as spies for Western powers determined to undermine the Islamic Republic.
By the time we got to the hill at about 1130 there were plenty of gliders in the air, however the sky wasn’t looking quite so good, but as we walked up the first gaggles of gliders in the BCC comp were already getting high and leaving the hill, so it was clearly working ok.
Oh! Wonderful Risen Glorious King!
damages for Glenayre's direct infringement are not under collateral attack by
Me: That’s his name, Sir. Good luck to you and your trees.
1st update: It does sound like they're not open till 4 PM. Guys...how hard is it to fix a website? You know, I just fixed this one in 40 seconds.
we have no clearly articulated normative criteria — and even though Riley says “surely some version of this schemata could be devised for judging poetry competitions,” one suspects his tongue is in his cheek. Much as one is tempted to simplify matters of judgment by simply taking the cattle competition criteria over into the literary sphere (the winning poet should be “well and evenly muscled without too much fat” and “viewed from behind the poet’s rump should be well rounded,” if male the poet’s “testicles should be large,” etc.) no version of overtly normative criteria is likely to appear in the judge’s guidelines for any competition. Not even if the norms had to do with meter, imagery, and syntax rather than body fat, rumps, and testicles.
I’m starting this blog to post about my nerd passions, as well as my life as a single mom.
I never realized how fast my two-month summer or should I say, teaching break went away. May will soon be over and in a few more weeks, I'm back to teaching again. Do I sound sad? It may surprise you but I'm actually happy and thankful for another semester of teaching opportunity. For those who are not familiar with my job, I actually work full time at the Corporate Planning Office of one of the oldest colleges in Manila. I only teach after my 8 am to 5 pm office work. Teaching is only an additional assignment for me. Whenever the college needs additional instructors to handle the remaining courses that the full time professors can no longer accommodate, that's when I came in. Needless to say, my teaching opportunity only arrives as the need arises. Though I may appear only as a contigency or back up resource, I never belittled the job. I see every teaching assignment as an opportunity to fulfill the educator thriving in me.
Now get yourself a song to sing and sing it ’til you’re done
Marcelle Fusion Plus Mascara
So. As you chew on that and let it sink in just a bit, let me throw a little bit more at you. Onto the quotes!
Chief Seattle was getting up in years. His footsteps along the mountain trail were not swift, nor as eager, as when he had first trod them as a young Suquamish. As the ancient path turned his party into a high clearing on the ridge, between tall evergreens, Seattle’s sight was filled with magnificence of the Great River and wide bay below– what the whites were now calling Elliot Bay. At that moment the clouds parted; a rare burst of winter sunshine splashed its welcome brilliance through cold, silvery afternoon. He paused to appreciate the scene, then raised his right arm and placed it on a familiar spruce tree, resting. The sunshine warmed the old man’s face, and raised a smile upon his wisdom lips.
I quite liked the mythology behind the paranormal aspects of the novel. The history of the werewolves, who and why they are, was pretty intriguing and pretty unique, I thought. There were some aspects, however, ones I can't get into, I felt weren't explored well enough for my liking. It almost felt like no-one asked "why?", it was just accepted that things are like that. I would have liked more detail, more information. There was just enough to keep you reading in the hopes that it would be explained further, but it wasn't. The way the book ended leaves me with the impression that there will be a sequel, so maybe there will be more in next book.
Because the IoM is positioned by the federal government as an independent, “prestigious” organization whose decisions are based on scientific facts. When the U.S. government rolls out its upcoming mandatory vaccination requirements, it will cite the Institute of Medicine as the source that said vaccines were safe (even though that’s a lie).
World Hunger Relief, Inc. teaches people to farm using both livestock and produce in order to maintain a sustainable food source. I’ve heard of this organization before so I was surprised to see that it is run by only six staff members and ten interns, yet provides services in 20 countries on four continents. I feel like I must have read those numbers incorrectly, but I’m not seeing any information that says otherwise. They do train live-in volunteers, so maybe that is how they are able to reach so many places (??).
The second chakra is located just below the belly button and vibrates to the color orange. This chakra activates all of our senses and it is through this chakra we experience emotion, sexuality, sensuality, feeling and pleasure. Our second chakra energizes our sexual and reproductive organs, the bladder and the lower part of the lower intestine.
4. The next sentence I love because it highlights what a teen girl spy would do to find out about her new crush and also highlights the main conflict of the story—which is that she can’t tell the truth about herself. We pretty much get an idea of what is going to drive the plot elements of this novel.
This does not bode well, but it will be interesting to see what he does, or indeed can, sign us up to.
And yet with it entire tectonic plates shall be moved in the centuries to come
Now this is my favorite and no prize for guessing what I will be taking this up. As a self professed lover of Dosa, it is my most favorite breakfast, lunch or dinner and in between too. I am planning on making some interesting versions, so join me in the fun!
I could sleep on a mat,
As I may have mentioned before, I was STARVING (you would be too, if you’d done that much exercise in one day). Luckily they brought out a plate of corn bread. Oh sweet, moist (I hate dry corn bread), corn bread. It just melted in your mouth, perfectly void of those stupid kernels of corn. Who ever thought that was a good idea?? And I’m not saying it was some of the best corn bread ever b/c I was so hungry, it truly was!!
Today was going to be a really good day. I was going to do what I do best, start pimping for a great event. Unfortunately, that will not be the case. Instead I am here to announce that the fest has been cancelled. I blame my foolish pride for trying to think I could pull this off in under 40 days. A great deal of hard work over the weekend was looking more than promising for getting most of the small details together. And add to that some of the groundwork I already made late last year, I thought things could work themselves out. But the reality is that craft beer is big business, and the old day of just giving a holler is way over and I knew that. If I look at it from my stand point, I would be pretty leery about something that has changed venues twice and the date three times. Hell, I would be saying don't call us, we'll call you.
I did pick these 3 lovely plaques up late last fall for $0.99 each at the Goodwill! Yes! I said LOVELY! Just wait, the next time you see these ladies, they will have a fresh look and be gorgeous! I had in my mind where I could use two but I thought I would go ahead and take the third one home with me for that price. I'm planning on using these ladies in my living room when I finally redo it. I can see them painted black, can't you?
At present, several establishments offer sulphur baths in the ancient Bath district several hundred metres from the Metekhi Church. The dome-shaped brick structures with sulphuric steam oozing out from dome-tips are unmistakeable. I entered one of these baths with some Georgian friends one night but was I was not ready to take a dip in a sulphuric pool yet. Maybe next time.
But I am not holding my breath for that to happen.
On Friday, I tried to run again... it was still annoying, so I cut the run short to rest up for the marathon. Saturday morning, I got up, decided I would hit 1 mile around the neighborhood, so I grabbed Lily (my 7-year-old), and we headed out the door. I could feel it yank every single step. If I didn't have to get back to the house, I would've stopped. It was like every stride, the "rope" was too short and would jerk me back, and I was mortified of tearing something. It wasn't excruciatingly painful, but it definitely hurt and was very uncomfortable and was very noticeable on every stride. I got back to the house and sent Coach Adam a text, "I think I'm out." This resulted in a convo that may or may not have had me on the verge of tears, but ultimately he agreed that I was doing the right thing by deciding to DNS (did-not-start) for Big D Marathon.
The Capulets and the Montagues are two wealthy families in Verona who are always fighting. At a party, Romeo Montague meets Juliet Capulet and they immediately fall in love despite their families’ differences.
P.S. Isn't she the most adorable girl EVER?! :)
April 30, 2012.
Last night before bed, I checked the email and Inigo hopped up to lay down on my lap and snooze. Both he and Vizinni love to lay on us when we're on the computer.
Hockey’s blessing is that in every generation, someone—whether the stars of the Montagnards way back when, or Tarasov and Bobrov in the fifties, or Guy Lafleur and the Montreal Canadiens in the seventies—comes along to redeem the game by making it the matchlessly thrilling thing it can be.
Email: consumer@mayora.co.id
Bra (under): AA
According to official figures released by the Spanish government, there have been 161,463 applications for Spanish citizenship under the new law since it came into force in January this year.
As the passing of a close family friend weighs heavily on our hearts, it just has to be said: F%#^ cancer!
"Carol's dead," my mother said.
There has been a lot written about the police not taking racist attacks seriously, and strong allegations of the father of one of Lawrence's killers bribing officers. What I haven't seen mentioned is the police actively attacking the campaigns for justice.
Roots zoom into view and are stepped over easily, the world is slowing down as I deplete my final energy reserves.
Law #2: If a bad guy can alter the operating system on your computer, it’s not your computer anymore
Today was the first time that I have been in the newly renovated Foodtown. I was shocked to see that they actually moved everything in the store around, including where the meats have always been.
Ethan Wingfield (REP) 11.44% 1,068
For something you never had
England Watch condemns the way that the National Council of the EDP has tainted English nationalism with its reliance on former BNP members as a way of building support. It has resulted in a large number of dedicated people leaving the EDP; many have joined UKIP in the hope that it may eventually develop an English stance, some have quit politics completely.
Chopin and Helene
Awhile after finishing L.A. Noire, I returned to check out its side-quests -- called street crime cases -- and my original suspicions were confirmed. Street crime cases play to all of L.A. Noire's weaknesses. Removed from the context of an ongoing investigation, its mediocre chases and gunfights are cast under a harsh new light. They're not altogether awful, but L.A. Noire is probably better experienced without them.
In a bowl, mix together ricotta cheese and chopped basil. Set aside.
How about Arrowhead? What? That’s Nestle’ as well?
Take care, you are all wonderful!
And to top it off…I JUST (as in…10 minutes ago) got a text from a guy I’d briefly talked to last year: “Hey you!! This is ”R”. Long time, no talk. How are you? Have you forgiven me?”
My favorite little kitchen helper! Just testing out the graham crackers to make sure they are at their peak freshness for Adam's birthday cheesecake we made together. Adam turned 32 on March 3rd and requested a Salted Caramel Cheesecake that was to die for! YUM...
#113. beautiful san diego weather
Grilled Chicken Diable
foam brushes (2)
In the UK, the Zionist regime have just issued another Budget for the Establishment. The Coalition of limp-wristed liberals and counterfeit conservatives have once again shewn their contempt for the people, by introducing a series of measures which will yet again redistribute wealth from the ordinary people to the ruling elite.
Later that morning we were moved to a private room. I was so thankful! The room was tiny, but the bed had linens on it, there was a sink in the corner--no running water, but I could bring water in and do dishes--and a couch which turned out to be useless since it had no seat to it. That was OK. Remember my packing list from yesterday's post? One of the things I packed was a folding camp chair. Lifesaver!
A classy dominatrix saved the endless narrative rhyme, “Deep Desert Blues,” from oblivion recently.
You may be looking at the site saying, "it looks the same to me" well that's because the change hasn't actually happened yet. I want to give you fair warning about these changes.
I sympathise with Mr Grey, the Labour Party has a divine right to govern Scotland! Using any new technology to dispute that right is like feeding Satan!
The Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA), which provides audits and financial advice regarding Defense Department contracts, generated over 80 audit reports for Sodexo's contracts, but the Marine Corps redacted virtually all useful information— including very basic information such as how much they paid to Sodexo each quarter to perform the contract.
“It’s culture, some cultures like western ones emphasize sex and almost connect it to love.” Chick
Ba-dum-pum.
Before I cried,
Cook the veggies until they begin to soften. While that’s happening for a few minutes, begin to peel the garlic. I don’t much like this part, the papery husk gets all over the place and things get a bit sticky. I always use the flat of the knife to smash the cloves then the husk comes off with relative ease.
Among those interviewed are the children of leading actors such as Errol Flynn, Jimmy Stewart, Gary Cooper, Rosalind Russell, Bing Crosby, Ingrid Bergman, and Rex Harrison, as well as many supporting and character actors including Jack Elam, Forrest Tucker, Jesse White, Jack Gilford, Gene Lockhart and Billy Barty.
06. Trouble 4:46
Indeed, membership and participation in Freemasonry is considered the prime criteria in promotion in Britain’s police force.
And That was yesterday.
These prestigious International Awards are presented annually to organizations and individuals engaged in the development and delivery of distance learning programs. Webcast Sponsored by IDSolutions Inc., http://www.e-idsolutions.com
But they made a big mistake in Rosli’s case and he is now fighting back. Are these bloggers, MACC and AG Gani Patail making the same mistake now by attacking Phang?“
Favorite Food: Central coast tri-trip.
WEBS Walkabout (not in the Aussie sense of the word)
I can't wait to see your cards in the November/December issue.
The point is: It’s amazing. My husband plates this dish up beautifully… a perfectly lightly golden-fried fish fillet atop a steaming mound of aromatic rice, all resting on a lake of this gorgeous green curry. What do I do? Wreck it, man. Ram my fork through all the ingredients. I break up the fish in one go. I stir the rice mound to a chaotic pile. And most important, I coat EVERYTHING in green curry. I want a mouthful in every bite. Only decorum keeps me from picking up the plate and licking the remnants off.
Portishead Glory Box UK
Going to be a wonderful year.
Finally do an “orange bar reload” in FreePBX. Now when your users dial *97, it will assume they are authorized to pick up the voicemail for the extension they’re calling from. Obviously, this is probably not a good idea in any kind of office setting.
I last left off on our chalkboard wall project here, where I'd finished the magnetic paint on the lower part of the wall to go under the chalkboard paint. I took a bit longer painting the chalkboard paint because I wanted to give us all a break from breathing in the paint smells so I think I spread it out over a week or so but it was only three coats total.
The holidays are just around the corner and suddenly I feel the need to knit for people and have so little time left. If you get that feeling too, here are some great last-minute knitting ideas that can be done in a few hours to a few days.
For those of you who support Food Empowerment Project, one of the reasons you probably do so is because of the connections we make between various causes for justice. A number of years ago, I was able to spend time with a long-time animal rights activist who has been active both in England and in the US. He told me about an important episode in the anti-vivisection movement. (Vivisection is the live experimentation on animals, and anti-vivisectionists are those of us who oppose this practice.)
I took them home and put them in water but was discouraged to discover that they only lasted two days before they wilted and were lifelessly gone.
Feel free to skim to the end if food doesn't do it for you.
Blvd Bourbon Barrel Quad
I'm beginning to think that the work i'm putting in is starting to show, too.
So, who did it? The Amazing Grace! That's really her name.
A painting done outside rather than in a studio is said to be painted “en plein air”. The term comes from the French en plein air, meaning ‘in the open air’. It seems like most aspects of getting away on a Sunday to paint would be relaxing. It seems like a great experience to paint with others and also dedicate time to getting back into the love of painting. It will also serve as a creative change of scenery as it places me outside of my bead-making studio. During a plein air experience, I will also be dealing with space and supply limitations, weather conditions, gnats and insects, travel issues to find the different paint locations, and light changes. All are creative obstacles that make the whole experience memorable and unique. I look forward to each experience as a creative and learning situation.
Friday the 13th (2009)- REBOOT ACHIEVED
And because I was trying to open my new lens, I cut my finger. T.T PAIN! ITAMII ITAMIIII.
Unmounted stamp sheet- 5 stamps- sayings and funky people- 9.00 BRAND NEW
--The Magic Thief: Lost by Sarah Prineas (the second in a series about a boy who, in Book 1, picked the pocket of a wizard and became his apprentice; now he runs away from home and comes up against a sorcerer-king)
Secret to this is, both parties have to be willing. You need to work together, communicate. This is but one example, there are many other, go away for a dirty weekend, make a date by calling him at work and invite him for a romantic dinner, etc, etc.
Wow! A lot has happened. Well, a lot is always happening here. I wrote to my Dad again, and I find that it isn’t as hard to come up with material as I thought it would be. I just write mostly about Saint, my dad likes dogs. Saint is enough material for an idiot. Right now he is prowling around looking for some trouble. I had to throw him out of the kids’ room at bed time 3 times. Then a few minutes ago he tried to push their door open so that he could get the boy to play tug with him. There’s nothing to do, so he just flopped down at my feet.
And a 19-year-old with 3 kids wants to come into my store, to my register, and be rude to me?! To have an attitude for no reason at all as she swipes her food stamp card, giving her access to my tax dollars?! And I can’t say anything “smart” in return without the possibility of losing my job?! That’s BS! These welfare recipients should be thanking everyone they come in contact with that has a job. Because a huge percentage of the local ones have never even worked a day in their lives!
Initially, Stiles and Geist had planned to lease the building, but the opportunity to buy it arose, and they took out a Small Business Association loan and bought the old warehouse outright. They outfitted the new brewery with a mash tun and kettle, as well as some grundies from Cross Brewing Equipment, and by fall were ready to brew. In all, the process took 3 ½ months and, even doing most of the work themselves, they finished without a dime left over.
That’s when DD4L came back into my life again, bigger than ever before.
Hello again and it's day 2 of my marathon posting!
Add the remaining 2 tablespoons of cornstarch to the broth and mix well.
--When ANYONE physically prevents me from moving or going to where I want to, I panic. Even if it's just being playful.
The hope without the fear
Gopal: Half orphan, living on Dad’s mean pension, fighting legal case for a plot of land, the world didn’t left much option for him.
If somehow they find out there’s a brunch and they weren’t invited they may be insulted and now you’ve turned the wonderful memory of your wedding into an awkward/uncomforable situation.
Ms. James had the tenants move out, and soon her white house at the corner of Thomas and Maple Streets fell into the hands of looters and vandals, and then, into disrepair. Dejected and broke, Ms. James said she salvaged but a lesson from her loss.
When belabored or used inappropriately, headlines written as questions are the “seems to be” of the journalistic realm. Just as an essay’s thesis should be explored in the body of the paper, every time we journalists pose a question, we should answer it to the best of our ability. That’s the nature of our art: anticipating the readers’ needs, knowing which questions they will ask.
without having to plead with myself for it.
The reasons not to have/like kids are pretty easy to capture. They boil down to two logical categories:
To an extent, the Najib administration can be counted on to hold its hand until the observers are safely out of the country. What happens after that is hard to predict, but on the cards are prosecution under the new security laws for both Bersih and Pakatan leaders.
After a series of financial disasters and a run of luck which would suggest that I have been Genghis Khan or Pol Pot in a past life, Syd and I initially decided to abandon our annual spring trip. As the days went by and the promising March weather worsened to the usual bouts of torrential rain and hurricane strength wind at home we changed our minds and decided to raid Syd’s Air Miles account and book a last minute dash.
why do you hesitate?
Early mornings are made just that much better when you arrive at a gorgeous show setting at Koskela design studio and are presented with incredible pastries, bacon sandwiches, and bottles of orange juice at the Zimmermann show. Talisa and I couldn't quite believe what we saw, but we quickly regained composure. What an inspired decision by Zimmermann to hold their show at Koskela. The 80s-themed, super sporty, urban luxe collection - cast in palest pastels and washed out florals - couldn't have found a better backdrop than the pale wooden beams and exposed brick walls of this Swedish design warehouse. I loved the mirrors that were strung up across the ceiling to refract and reflect glimpses of the models walking. It was really something quite special, and so early in the morning, and it set the tone for the rest of the day. Maybe it was the bacon roll, maybe it was the orange juice, but for a little while it felt like we were walking on air.
Nate Freiman was selected by the San Diego Padres in the eighth-round of the 2009 MLB Draft, 234rd overall.
