What makes Gorod stand out in the sea of tech death bands is their ability to create superbly intricate, atmospheric music that's both heavy and beautiful. The first song on the album, Birds of Sulphur, features a brief, eerie introduction punctuated by an unnerving, dissonant orchestral layer, then dives straight into insanely fast and brutal riffing. It's a massive aural assault, with the two guitarists often engaging in extended, intertwining lead duels that are just spectacular to hear, while the bass carries the song's heaviness with its thick, warm, independent lines and the drummer puts the beating on his kit. The vocals gave me a bit of a scare at first, since the very first words are delivered in an over-processed, Behemoth-like voice, but thankfully the vocalist settles into a more composed growl interspersed with a few high-pitched shrieks.
After the premiere test screening of “The Indigo Evolution”, the Hopi nation contacted James Twyman, and told him that they were willing to reveal their ancient and guarded secrets about the children of the planet in this movie. The new section containing interviews with Hopi elders about their ancient prophesies and how they relate to the Indigos was added to the documentary. Their message was astounding, and has now become the central theme for the entire film. The Hopi elders shared that it is not too late to reverse the tide of earth cleansing, but only if we come together, and the children have a critical role to play.
Cooperstown might be the PRETTIEST town in the world....maybe the prettiest in New York state, anyway. The whole baseball thing is only part of the town, it is in mountains with a lake a lot of arts....and a lot of money....(there is a second item just below it, Godzilla chewing on a house)
I made these muffins yesterday. They are pretty healthy .... and my kids, all three, gobbled them down and asked for more. So I thought I would share the recipe. I have another healthy muffin recipe that the kids love too, maybe I'll share that one another time.
My favorite part about being a 105.1 DJ is being responsible for breaking records. I love playing new records. I’m known as the ladies DJ because I play a lot of girl friendly music. Another one of my favorite parts about Djing is having friends from 10-15 years ago call me because they hear a DJ Will on the radio and says it sounds like me. It’s a great feeling to reunite.
Cool them in the tins long enough to be able to run a knife around the edges to remove them for further cooling (about 10 minutes). If you can't get them out for fear of breaking them, then make sure they aren't sticking to the pan and remove them when they have cooled completely.
Begin, and cease, and then again begin,
When Obama was asked a similar question (by Entertainment Weekly, not Ari) back on the 2008 campaign trail, he named Batman and Spider-Man because “they have some inner turmoil. They get knocked around a little bit.” That’s Silver Age talk. Barack was born in 1961, the year the Fantastic Four launched themselves to the moon and Marvel Comics into pop culture. His opponent John McCain said Batman too, but because he pursues justice “against insurmountable odds,” a good ole Golden Age rationale. McCain was born in 1936, the same year as Detective Comics.
These secular “worship events” have stumbled upon this reality, and the “worship leaders” use it to their advantage. But because the object of that worship is a false god, we are left unfulfilled, and hungry for the next big thing.
1. Boneless ribeye steak, $4.97/lb. or coldwater lobster tails, $4.97/ea. at H-E-B (through 2/15/11)
An Alternative Agenda:
I will still be drawing for a winner of your choice of Lawn Fawn stamp set tomorrow night at 9:00p.m. EST. So you have until then to comment.
I laid down my stencil and using a sponge, sponged the medium on:I then lifted off the stencil and brushed the pastels on. Now, obviously, I could have just brushed them on without the medium using the stencil, but this way I don't have to set them with anything. The perfect medium can be used with stamps, which I did for the middle heart.
“So you were going to get on a different bus than the woman and her daughter who you were traveling with?”
Melvyn Bragg and guests discuss the Nicene Creed which established the Divinity of Christ.
I giggled. Fart jokes: Not just for kindergarten anymore.
Introduction to MNC
Check in next week for step six of seven as we continue to uncover the truth about you.
Deployment of the British Army
Also, while finding my link, I realized there’s no info for the story on the B&N store. Welp!
My father and sister, on the other hand, love it. My dad’s love for it might come more from teasing my mom about it than from real love, I’m not sure. My sister, though, will turn the music up loud and dance around the house and, if I know her, collapse on the floor dramatically at the culmination. Well, if she doesn’t, she should.
And just because I want to, here are a few close up shots of the quilting.
The President released his new slogan ‘Forward’ in a triumphant seven-minute campaign video.
Happy Mother's Day to all you wonderful women out there! You have a toughest but *BESTEST* job in the whole wide world...
1. Intruder 6:05
This outfit was worn by Lorelei Lee in Gentlemen Prefer Blondes.This was the scene where Lorelei was caught with Piggy as he was demonstrating to her how a python can squeeze a goat to death (Piggy was being the python and Lorelei the goat!).
This column by one of the drafters of the letter sent to the U.S. Department of Justice requesting an antitrust investigation into college football’s Bowl Championship Series makes worthwhile reading, not because I agree with everything in it, but because it does a very clear job of defining the limits of what an antitrust claim against the BCS can accomplish.
Pages that crossed 4000 views each :
He tipped the waiter after only sipping water. There was no time for eating—food that is.
So you may be able to see why people were interested. If Beyoncé did the former then she would go down in history if she did the latter it would just be proof that the media is afraid of the word vaginal… vaginal… vagina*.
Part shandy, part bug-juice, part WT answer to sangria, and always a good time, below is the recipe for summer fun in a big pitcher, ripped directly from Thomas Lin's Facebook note:
Ok, I know I sound like a whiner, but I miss hearing from people, both the long-time followers and the new people who just pop in and out sometimes.
Shut out all the light
Previously in Pray the Gay Away: A searcher for truth found Jesus in the bushes. Gay since he was 10. ”No big deal!”, he said. “No, I wasn’t raised by an abzend fadzer and an oferbearing muther”. In childhood he developed spychic skills and became early a relationship coach to his friends. As a young adult, IBRA RADIO became his darling.
To save you the mess, simply add everything except the chicken to a quart or gallon bag, depending upon how much chicken you actually have. Seal the bag and give it a good mesh or shake.
I haven’t been there for 5-6 years and was beginning to think it was a fictitious place… Or a place reserved for “better” people. What am I talking about?
"Future Plans". The forthcoming MARQUES Class 46 seminar to review and discuss the Study on the Overall Functioning of the European Trade Mark System which the European Commission commissioned from the Max Planck Institute will definitely be packed to the rafters. This event, which is free and carries 2.5 CPD points, takes place on the afternoon of Tuesday 5 April. When the registration list is full, which should happen some time in the next few hours, a reserve list will be opened so that any gaps left by cancellations can be swiftly filled. European trade mark organisation MARQUES has set up an online registration system -- you can check the programme and register here. See you there?
Pushes me back down
If the baker stopped baking bread, presidents and governors will go hungry and will not be able to do their jobs. And society will be the loser.” – Aregbesola
Bohm identifies three basic conditions that are necessary for dialogue:
I’ve never owned any Jimmy Choos or Timberland boots. I didn’t say it.
Stew’d prunes, and pippins, calls.
Gary L. Bright, 36, Union City, N.J.
no way I could choose the
We are heartbroken.
2004- After a very strong 12 month rally off of the March 2003 low the market peaks in March 2004. It then consolidates the 12 months of gains and bottoms 5 months later in August 2004. There was no net progress from the March 2004 high until November, 8 months later. Cyclical bull market remains intact heading into 2005.
Well the good news is we had an excellent vacation in New Orleans.
And a tooth, poking out now, her first, and she is letting us all know. This morning she grabbed her breakfast spoon of weetabix, gave it a sideways glance before discarding it on the deep pile rug with a look of complete disgust. Oh, now how dare we present her with breakfast when she is in this frame of mind.
I could stay in Glasgow and head to the opening of BrewDog's shiny new bar in the city's West End.
You were not the first, but yet you were the worst.
I did a rough out at the meeting and then scanned it in and did the trace in Sketchbook Pro, using the Copic expansion pack.
“Aaah baby… it’s tight.”
It has been suggested that toxic overload contributes to more serious conditions such as auto- immune diseases, inflammatory/rheumatoid arthritis and neurological disorders such as Parkinson’s and Alzheimer’s. The goal of this program is to gently and slowly cleanse your body of toxins that add an extra burden so serious diseases like these can be avoided. This
The truth is that there is this gentleman’s agreement in the tour, that leaders will wait for their opponents if they have a mishap, but the concept is vague, especially here, where the way Andy shifted the bike may have even been the main reason for the derailment. And this was in the heat of the battle.
Silk scarfs,
“We are thrilled to partner with a national-recognized company with such a strong reputation as Infinitive, which is growing and serving enterprise brands, just like Slingshot SEO,” Wilfong added.
So with the main protagonist botched character-wise, is there any hope for the supporting cast? Well, actually, there is… or at least was. Mary Jane Watson, as expected by this point, is hinted at being Parker’s love interest. However, a decent job of throwing viewers for a loop was done when Parker mentions that romance was attempted when the two were younger… and it just turned out awkward. As for best friend Harry, he actually does keep to the Ultimate comics’ character of a popular rich kid that acts as something of a bodyguard to Parker at school. In the case of both characters, though, they’re given a good enough establishment, but by the end of the two-episode premier, they end up coming off just as stale as the show itself.
We hope it’s inspiring & helpful to others who may travel in the region! Please feel free to send to friends & family who are planning SE Asia trips. And I’m always happy to give details or more personal recommendations – leave a comment or message me if you’d like more information.
Psychology is very important though. After two hours and fifteen minutes, we finally arrived. You can’t imagine how happy I am because I think I can’t meet my family anymore after that day. I am super dehydrated and almost die. hehehe. Kidding.
caster sugar 2 oz
“The Protection of Freedoms Act is a major win for the LGBT rights. Gay and bisexual men who were convicted for acts that are now perfectly legal will finally be able to get them deleted from their criminal records. It marks the end of the overhang from a bygone era when being gay was still criminalised. “It shows the determination of the Liberal Democrats and the Coalition Government to do the right thing. The march for equal rights is not over yet but with today’s news and the consultation on how to introduce equal marriage, we’re steadily chipping away at the final hurdles.” No doubt we should read the small print, but Great George Street chose the right evening to ring me asking for a donation.
Serve over fettucine noodles topped with grilled chicken or sauteed shrimp.
I am so glad that it is Friday. I am ready for the weekend.
the world, in various ways; the point is to change it.” It’s a 1845 Marx quote used by Occupy groups around the world. Marx had little patience with the well intentioned but doomed naivety of small groups trying to design a perfect society in the seclusion of a wilderness. If you want to improve society you must start by improving political structures. Occupy is unequivocally not seeking to change the political system from the inside out and this makes it, in the Marxian analysis, a utopist movement misunderstanding Marx’s slogan. Still: it is to better to quote Marx wrongly than to quote rightly from that great unwashed Hegelian harlequin: Slavoj Zizek.
The Japanese people – that includes both public and the private sector – have about 8 trillion dollars worth of assets overseas.
which make Americans embrace solar energy
Don’t reveal your weaknesses or vulnerabilities until you have complete trust in the other
Yesterday marked the beginning of the end of my academic career, at least for now anyway, and I am really excited. Graduation is set for Memorial Day weekend, and believe me, I am counting down the days!!!
CONCENTRATION
7) YOU WASTE ALL YOUR MONEY!!!!!
Seeing what the have done in Dewey Square upsets me as a Bostonian and as a fan of naval history. Dewey Square was planned and commemorated in honor of Admiral of the Navy, George Dewey, USN.
The fact that the air conditions in the major cities of the world today are not healthy. And our body is starting poisoned by this polluted air. Even the food we eat today was sometimes unhealthy. For that we need antioxidants to prevent deterioration of our body health. Much fruit does contain antioxidants, but according to the study of pomegranate was the one who is the best anti-oxidant.
I love Autumn , with it's colours and it's smells, and although there is a threat of snow in the air, the trees are still full of wonderfully coloured leaves.Enjoy it while it lasts and before everything will be white !!
I didn't really like my classmates who were always too noisy and running arround
You think I’m well enough to work for free
I have such a hard time putting my feelings into words these days. In so many ways I can't believe it has been two full years since Addison was born and then died. The experience of losing her has definitely taken its toll on me physically and emotionally. I think I'm finally in a place where life should be feeling more "normal," what with an ever-growing 8-month-old baby cutting teeth, crawling and cruising; and a 5-year-old who often acts like he's 12. I've got my hands full, just like every other normal mom. But I really feel anything but normal.
HAMPTON, NH -- The moving of an old farmhouse this week on a 14-acre property on Towle Farm Road signaled the official start to the construction of a new $16 million Smuttynose Brewery and restaurant.
I love me a good bargain...and I love hunting for those bargains just as much. I am a regular at our area Good Will store--I am sure they know me by name (they don't actually call me by name--but, I'm sure they know it all the same). Okay, so maybe they don't really, but they should. There are a couple of other thrift stores in the area but Good Will is my favorite hands down. I also like The Dollar Store sometimes. I have heard that the salvation Army Store is also pretty awesome but it is a 30 minute drive away and I can tend to be a bit of a homebody--my word. My family is not so nice. They call me The Hermit. Whatever.
If dinosaurs were superheroes, or if superheroes were dinosaurs, then how would they look? One artist has combined the two quite different groups together, to make a new breed of superhero (or dinosaur?). I wonder how these guys would do at fighting crime, saving the distressed, and having normal lives at the same time as being superhero/dinosaur (Supersaur? Dinohero?). This adds a whole new layer to the idea that superheroes are persons detached from society…
Kristi was right. As early spring rolls into town, boots are all the rave in our house! Both of these pairs are from Kristi.
Thus started the circus act of “Mommy and Jack,” as I proudly showed people all the amazing things he could do. He seemed so mature for his age, doing intricate puzzles and mazes, and building things. It wasn’t until later that I realized that while those things came so easily to him, other things didn’t, such as transitioning from one activity to another, handling disappointment, or staying quiet in class.
My Grandfather kept diaries most of his life. This is from his 1900 journal when he was 14 and living in Sycamore, Illinois. I post a month each Monday.
We’ll see you in Nashville!
In those 12 years, Haddock had provided more than 400 pieces of intelligence, but had also been the subject of 500 pieces of intelligence provided by others.
Don’t forget I’m still offering the Summer Smooches Sampler with a $50 merchandise Order for the rest of the month too. You will receive one of these packets of 4x4 DSP just for placing an order at my store only.
Though I act like I don’t really care.
Summary: After the loss of his best friend and his wife, Edward is responsible for their little girl. Unable to get the child to open up, he takes her to a bookstore. Inside, he finds a loving young woman, hurting from past regrets and the owner of a magical book.
All of the sudden a big orange dog with a collar appeared. I thought a heart attack was imminent. Hah! Good thing it was friendly. So for a while the dog would accompany me before dashing off and returning to my side. Then, it suddenly disappeared. I heard the theme of twilight zone playing in my head. That was the moment when I realised I was lost.
Glossy Accent
THE SKETCH ARTISTS
Before starting photographing it's better to set the format in which our pictures will be saved on the flash card, there are different formats and we choose one depending on our needs... READ MORE
Is a camel coat something you would invest serious money in? (or have you already? and if so, where is it from?)
Going Out To Get You ( cut from Trespass to make room for The Knife)
Here are the pictures from yesterday, Baby A is on the bottom, head down. Baby B is on top in the breach position. The doctors assured me that they'll move around quite a bit in the next few months so not to worry about B being breached. Baby A has an anterior placenta which means that it's at the front. I'll probably feel him/her less than Baby B who has a posterior placenta, meaning behind him/her. They are starting to move around a lot, coolest.thing.ever! And yes, this was the appointment where we could find out the genders... But, we chose not to, at least yesterday! :) ! We do have them written down, should we crack! :)
I recently spent my birthday enjoying a day of beauty at a local spa for my Birthday celebration. While I was getting into my comfy robe at the locker, a lady was getting into her locker to prepare to return home. I jokingly told her that I brought a new book to read, but was bummed that I forgot my new Jimmy Crystal reading glasses I had just bought. I made a joke, we laughed...and I left to scuffle off into the waiting room without any specs.
The high stakes and constant motion just kept building throughout the book. I didn't want to stop. The idea was what really intrigued me, but the personality and writing really hooked me. It's written in third person so we can bounce from character to character. I liked that, but I also think it could have benefited from being first person for the emotion. Still, a lot of moments had me gripping my seat in anticipation.
Santa as a latter-day J. Edgar Hoover, all courtesy of a professor's child! Who knew?
There always seems to be something going on in the Perth Cultural Precinct these days.
Nutmeg
"Autumn is the second spring, where every leaf is a flower". Albert Camus
Gambia en Ghana is altwee daar op die Weskus van Afrika, langs Ivoorkus, Sierra Leone, Nigeria, en al wat ‘n hool is. Die twee lande is omtrent 2000km uitmekaar.
“Falling on the night prior to the Veterans Day school holiday, the restaurant could not accommodate, nor provide proper security for the crowd of teens that responded to the promotion – geared to middle and high school students. The NYPD was forced to maintain order, resulting in resources being withdrawn from local streets, a burden to Fort Greene and the 88th Precinct,” said Council Member Letitia James.
Curtis Acosta's letter:
B: … God.
As I composed this card, I thought it would be perfect for Mother's Day. The watercolor print in the jar (Dear Lizzy Neapolitan) was just perfect for this challenge. I love using these jars as specimen jars! I added the gold embossed butterflies (DCWV Coral Couture). I also used coral hued cardstock and embellishments so the card would have a monochromatic feel. I added a bit of sass by adding a metallic gold panel behind the coral damask print and heat embossing the sentiment in metallic gold.
Ouch! That sounds painful! Well, I can certainly understand your concern, but I assure you that it doesn’t hurt a bit. And not only is it surgery and pain-free, it is actually super-easy, really fast, and very beneficial!
Downstairs pick up- Check floor, counters, desks and put everything in its place.
Here is how you play:
A BBC spy has revealed that the TARDIS exterior is now to be filmed at a fixed secret location and will use the old technique of 'Colour Seperation Overlay' to give the illusion of landing at diffent locations, the exterior itself (pictured left) has been built by Mr. Dy Self of Cardiff in a further atempt at trimming the budget.
Off you go, my pretties. It's a great big interweb. Somebody out there is saying something terribly clever right now. Click away or you'll miss it!
John bare witness of him, and cried, saying, This was he of whom I spake, He that cometh after me is preferred before me: for he was before me. And of his fulness have all we received, and grace for grace. For the law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ. No man hath seen God at any time; the only begotten Son, which is in the bosom of the Father, he hath declared him.
Here is the one I made for this year….
Another milestone in my life - my 59th birthday. Ten months ago in the hospital in Newcastle when I was told what I had I wondered whether I would see it. Well I'm still here, still beating the bugger and now have my sights set on reaching 60!
“Among the gods there is none like you, O Lord; no deeds can compare with yours. All the nations you have made will come and worship before you, O Lord; they will bring glory to your name. For you are great and do marvelous deeds; you alone are God.” Psalm 86:8
-Web designers are less knowledgeable in customizing a Blogger blog.
God’s eternal purpose for us is to be in Christ. Part of being in Christ is that we stand blameless before Him – Ephesians 1:4 & Rom 8:1, and because Christ is in us, Christ is our sanctification and purity – 1 Cor 1:30! And because we have pure hearts in Christ – Eze 36:26-29, we shall see God – Jesus Christ!!!!
Warrick whipped his daughter right there in the hall for all to see, and he used the thick leather of his sword belt. Rowena's leaned back in the chair she had been allowed to use and closed her eyes to it, but she could not close out the sound. It was a brutal walloping. Beatrix's screams became hoarse, her pleadings pitiful to listen to. Rowena had to bite her lip to keep from trying to end it sooner than Warrick deemed sufficient. By the time he was through, his daughter was utterly repentant, and utterly cowed.
Actual civil war is less of a threat to whites than the situation we are currently experiencing. This maybe difficult to understand, accept or agree with, but the information above also demonstrates this. Actual conflicts have become much less lethal and deaths during conflict have decreased by some 90%. These are undisciplined poorly trained trigger-happy rebels that cannot effectively handle their weapons. In our case it will be black rebel groups against each other, against the Defense Force and Police, tribes against each other, local blacks against foreign blacks. For us the danger lies with these rebels going mad and shooting and raping everything that moves and getting caught in crossfire. Towards the end, hunting for food will become a major threat, because they'll be desperate and killing for food.
but inside of you right now
So what does doing NOTHING look like? Give your tales of nothing... or if you have no inclination to write about such things, maybe read about the idea here.
Sign the E-Petition & pass it on via email/facebook/twitter to everyone you know. It takes minutes & you really are doing something worthwhile.
1 carted
You see and do His love
Did his non-response speak volumes in terms of his not wanting to be involved, once he realized the book wasn’t just a wistful fantasy of mine. Did his non-response cement his zero interest in the process? With a ‘non-response’ in my head, I began to move my thoughts to progressing my novel without his input. Perhaps he thought I wouldn’t finish it. But I was torn as to whether to seek his buy-in or to progress without his involvement. What if he hated it? Would I have to compromise on actualities to ensure I didn’t evoke any legal liabilities? He was a real person after-all and there are so many things to consider using real people as characters in novel writing.
This morning at 7:30am, our mother passed away after a nearly year long battle with cancer. We want to thank everyone who has been so kind to our mother and family throughout this time. This blog was very important to Mom. She enjoyed reading all of your posts and sharing her life with all you. We are in the process of making arrangements for her memorial service and will post information as we have it.
Evolution has selected for petals most resembling bees over time, because obviously the closer the match, the more likely it is to land on it. Sounds simple so far, but remember, these plants are competing with real bees. So beyond just the shape, colors and texture matching with that of bumblebees, they even emit pheromones that female bumble bees emit to attract mates. Crazy, no?
My plan last week was to delay picking any spinach and wait until it was a bit larger, but yesterday I found that most of it had been eaten (lower left was all that remained). Now what would do a thing like that?
Last October I spent a few cold, wet, and miserable hours in a private cemetery in Doe Hill, VA. Prior investigation had resulted in an EVP of a child’s voice in a corner of the cemetery where several children’s graves were situated. I huddled in that corner for a couple of hours, running audio the whole time, and got nothing. Which was not that disappointing, really – nothing bothers me more than the thought of a child spirit being stuck someplace, especially in a lonely graveyard. That investigation was enjoyable despite the weather, though, because of the history of the place. The tombstones dated back as far the late 1700s, which is very early for that part of Virginia/West Virginia. Living alone on a farm in West Virginia myself, I have to admire anyone who successfully eked out an existence so far from civilization at such an early date. I can barely do it now, with modern conveniences. The people who lived on that farm, and their descendants, must have been remarkable individuals.
My friend E called a few minutes ago. Seems her husband was at their calf barn, located on a busy road, getting ready feed their calves. Three hunters stopped and something happened between them and her husband. We don't know what. The Sheriff didn't say.
16. R2-D2 We Wish You A Merry Christmas - Jon Bon Jovi, C-3PO, R2-D2 & Choir
Talk Title: Is God a moral monster?
I believe the 'what if' question should become the most asked question by fiction writers, whatever genre they write in.We need to make our stories as different as possible if they are to be noticed.
March. 98 parties in 9 days, high profile clients, low profile me, keeping my nose to the grindstone and my poor crippled feet under the faucet in the tub. Hotel living is for the birds, especially when you have to do it in the city you live in but it’s a necessary evil. Life gets in the way of work during this time. My deepest regards to all the family and friends that helped me, the Hubs, and W get through it all.
* Haughty attitude was confronted with problems
one word of caution, though. in and around these trains i have seen huge wads of asbestos, which was used copiously for insulation in older locomotives and in passenger cars. asbestos is extremely harmful, and is best avoided.
Well, some members of Congress may indeed have “the stomach” for this overdue confrontation:
Good morning everyone! It's day one for TE sneak peeks and we have some super cute ideas for the New Year using various calendar products available at the TE store. I've made a page for January using Moka Kristie, which is part of the Moka collection illustrated by Nancy McKinney. TE has lots of Moka images and you would be able to make an entire Moka calendar!
So, apparently Bimong has decided to release a stripper-themed doll fullset entitled 'Passion on the stage'. I have always admired Bimong's work even if I did not particularly like the sculpt itself. There has always been a realistic personality and beauty to all of his dolls. I admire him even more for his handling of the disaster that was Dollfair, sending the orders of dolls to his fans even if the orders were placed through Dollfair. But this is exasperting to my feminist sensibilities. Somehow, instead of evoking a sense of liberated feminine sexuality, this doll speaks more to the fans of lingerie Barbie.
end-of-season get together - Yay Tigers!!
This investigation was part of Operation Predator, a nationwide HSI initiative to protect children from sexual predators, including those who travel overseas for sex with minors, Internet child pornographers, criminal alien sex offenders and child sex traffickers. HSI encourages the public to report suspected child predators and any suspicious activity through its toll-free hotline at 1-866-DHS-2ICE or by completing its online tip form. Both are staffed around the clock by investigators.
“Dan Savage is a bully,” said Phillip Naman, the father of two children who attended the journalism conference sponsored by the National Scholastic Press Association and the Journalism Education Association. “When you are attacking somebody for their character, for their beliefs — that’s abuse. Dan Savage was abusing the children in a bullying fashion.”
That was certainly my first though but I soon realized the bed option was not really possible due to work commitment so it was time to face a new issue, what’s the perfect footwear in a day like today?
In addition to being "back" to blogging, I am back to running! Yep, yep, yep! After over 6 months, or was it 7 months, of refraining from running and exercising in hopes that my hip would heal and I would be pain free, I finally decided enough was enough. I greatly disliked not incorporating any type of exercise into my life. I became a slug. A couch potato. My body shape DRAMATICALLY changed and not in a good way! Boo to the stomach pooch and the undefined muscles. Boo to the clothes that no longer fit. Boo to feeling healthy. I finally had enough. Is my hip completely pain free? No. But I am taking it easy, stretching, mixing up running with other types of cardio, and just enjoying getting out there. Aiming for PRs (personal records) are not in my vocabulary for this running season. Rather, it is all about getting out there, crossing the start line and crossing the finish line.
"People are often unreasonable, illogical, and self-centered;
As its name indicates, this types is typical on short, difficult canyon runs and rimrock in the Free airline. It is just like the Florida, and the 2 were formerly considered the same species—the darkish towhee. Duration 8" (20 cm).
"I'll have a cup of tea that will be grand".
Tons of you were asking for more info so here you go!
kidlings are back to school.
Prison Fellowship Scotland celebrated thirty years' existence this weekend. It was a great privilege to go along and be part of their celebration. Highlights for me definitely included taking three prisoners (legally, on licence!) with me and also meeting up with two much loved (by God and me and some others) former prisoners who are doing well and going on in their faith, in spite of difficulties along the way.
The antidepressant report is a work-in-progress.
From there, if the possible UK scenario is similar to the US experience, the gas is piped to nearby compressor stations that purify it and prepare it to be piped (and sometimes transported in liquefied form) to power plants, manufacturers, and ultimately, domestic customers.
So here I am, sat on the edge of my bed in my pants tapping on the keyboard, with only that pale, mournful-looking chap in the mirror for company.
Whereas most civilized people (and even wild pagan tribes) had a fairly good sense of right and wrong and decent behavior up at least to the Second World War, since then the philosophy has taken hold of many that one can “do whatever one feels like,” and even so-called Christians justify and promote behavior that until now was everywhere considered a total loss of decent standards, not only Christian but even just human. This is a deep sign of lawlessness in contemporary society. This could not happen wherever people have basic religious and moral views of any kind. It is a direct result of the abandonment of Christianity and the “falling away” from Truth.
We must not, of course, forget the fantastic performance Don Henderson puts in as Gavrok. The sight of him eating raw meat is fantastic.
my 40th birthday.
Or a screaming leper’s tongue
A death so actual, and in front of us, that we poked it.
Garbo fans will be shocked by her look in Gösta Berling. She’s much heavier and her hair is a brunette bird’s nest. But the face is the same, and it’s notable that, despite MGM’s celebrated makeover, the studio taught her nothing new about acting. When she falls in love with Gösta, we know it, as we always do when Garbo’s called upon to show us her desire. It is unmistakable and, if this film is any indication, it was innate.
I'd like to apologize for the stab of pain that this news causes some of you. I've been there (and quite honestly expect to be there again). Hugs.
Bill their home countries !
Lloyd told me his legs were still inside me at that point, all tangled within the caul that had broken only as his body was pushed out. It was a bit tricky for him to pass baby through my legs but I had him and hugged him to my body, sinking back and watching intently.
But people have trained to think low-fat equals healthy, therefore deep frying is the enemy of healthy body and mind.
Then time to pack my bag for tomorrow's flight and Tim got things somewhat tidied up to travel.
In correspondence with his senior leaders, Bin Laden lamented the inexperience and poor judgment shown by the rising crop of Al Qaeda leaders. He urged his followers to move out of the tribal areas of Pakistan and to areas that were far from the cameras and missiles of the CIA’s fleet of armed Predator drones, and he said Muslims around the world have “lost their trust” in Al Qaeda, according to U.S. officials who have read the documents.
The military leaders of 50 nations, more than a quarter of those in the world, opened a two-day conference at NATO Headquarters in Brussels on April 25 to discuss, as the Pentagon’s website described it, “the present and future of the effort in Afghanistan” and other topics.
It seems we won't know until the SWC is concluded, but this may end up being a gargantuan flop. What is becoming obvious, is that South Africa isn't going to get the GDP boost it expected, if it ever expected a boost. This may have been a gigantic exercise at showing the world "how capable" South Africa is, no matter what the cost.
So now I have another VISION: to build a country where one would WANT to pay taxes!! Wouldn't it be great?
Losing ED- I guess I am afraid of losing ED. Even if I know it’s not who I am, or what makes me, me.
A fun thing on the horizon (besides planning for Jack to come home) is the planning of my baby shower. Yeah, I know, I'm doing it backwards by having the baby FIRST and THEN the baby shower, but that's life for ya. I'm excited to see how the party is being planned, and picking out stuff for my registry was a blast. I can't wait to be like other moms and push my baby around in a stroller, bathe him in a tub, tuck him into his crib, play with him, etc., all in my own home. I loved checking out the different travel systems and debating which one to choose. Lots of fun, but a bit overwhelming.
protein 152.4g (26%)
How's that for a title? ha!
Kiss of Mud:
Russia throws a punch at Germany, but misses and nearly falls over. Japan calls over from the other side of the room that it's on Britain's side, but stays there. Italy surprises everyone by punching Austria.
I am thinking about EASTER 2011.
ABV: 9.8%
I cooked an entire Thanksgiving dinner.
Unfortunately, the Chanel blouse is in spring storage, and the white tiered skirt is too short to show under this skirt. I improvised.
Are you one of those budding novelists who makes a great start but you can’t seem to finish? Then this is for you! Be A Novelist, Six-Month, Finish-My-Novel Challenge! Six full months of guidance and instruction. Guaranteed to light a fire under your novel-writing attempts and to launch you into a pattern of consistent writing! Check it out here!
I donated blood for the first time today!!! I must admit, I was terrified, and all of my friends were sharing their horror stories as I waited, but it barely hurt a bit. I didn’t look at any of the pricking or blood which is probably why I didn’t faint.
COST $60,000
*SIMON, KING OF THE WITCHES – Radio Spot
First, make the sauce. Combine all ingredients in a large bowl, and whisk to blend well. It may look clumpy and funny at first, but keep whisking. It will come together into a smooth, light brown sauce. Taste, and adjust to your liking. Set aside.
3. Boxers or briefs?
Pax in terra, bros.
… a show about curiosity. Where sound illuminates ideas, and the boundaries blur between science, philosophy, and human experience.
This role is the famed ringleader of the troupe that marshals the cavalcade down the route each year. Immortalized by Maureen O’Hara in the famed holiday classic “Miracle on 34th Street,” this integral role has been occupied by only a handful of people in the Parade’s 84-year history. The current “Top Hat” is worn by Robin Hall, who this year marks a handover of the greatest job on the planet to Amy Kule, Macy’s gvp of National Events, who is assuming the role of executive producer.
I can’t stand the feeling of my hair wiggling around on my neck so I’m in a bind. I want to go cut it all off, maybe even sport the bald look like the St. Baldrick‘s folks do, but I’m afraid I’ll look like the Munchkin version of my father with giant breasts. Not exactly a look I want to sport around. My husband absolutely hates my hair short and whines about it constantly. I keep telling him if he wants long hair he’s free to grow his out, but he fails to see the humor. I’ve considered purchasing a wig, but I would need a loan to afford one that doesn’t make me look like I celebrate Halloween year round. Even if I could afford a nice wig, I’d have to shave the ol’ noggin and I’m pretty sure, even if I was okay looking like my dad with boobs, Jim would not be amused. I kind of like my marital status, so, that is a definite no go.
“Stay away from me.” She said. “Don’t think about touching me!”
Ingredients (makes 16 roti) You’ll need a flat cast iron griddle.
Yet more paving is being done in the garden, this time in the kitchen garden. It's part of a job that's now in its third year. Those of you who have been here - it's between the greenhouse and the right-hand end of the wall, it all needs to be levelled, pathed and a shed erected. There's so much to do before I go away, I don't know how it'll be done. To make things more difficult, the soil is already drying out and a hosepipe ban will be brought in in April. And there's me wanting to put in a lot of new plants. It's going to be a bugger, lugging watering cans about - but it's been very dry for ages, one can hardly complain. Anglian Water have got a good record for managing water supplies and not having a ban, especially considering this is the driest area of the country.
Can it really be March already? Did you remember to say "rabbits" this morning? (I forgot, the shortness of February always throws me). I love March, it is when I start to feel bouncy again, after the winter lull. March supposedly bring Mad March Hares, but I've already had a good hare sighting this year, a couple of weeks ago: three hares playing tag in a field by the main road on the way to Ely. Last March I spied a couple of hares boxing there, something I'd not seen for years.
Is it me or doesn't this all seem like there is a giant disconnect somewhere?
Even though I'm pretty sure she won't remember her first trip to the circus, I know I certainly will.
*only 13 cases available
I may have to rename it to French Croatian Yogurt Lemon Coconut cake,
According to the upcoming events the tapping of the first Tap East Microbrewery beer will be on the 9Th November at 4pm for those in the area. :)
February 4 - Tura Satana, actress ("Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!"), 76
On the surface, CISPA focuses on security by "making it possible for companies to share user information with the U.S. government (and vice versa) if the parties believe it is needed for the greater cyber security good." According to the Electronic Frontier Foundation, what this amounts to in concrete terms is that "a company like Google, Facebook, Twitter or AT&T could intercept your emails and text messages, send copies to one another and to the government, and modify those communications or prevent them from reaching their destination if it fits into their plan to stop 'cybersecurity' threats [....] Worst of all, the stated definition of 'cybersecurity purpose' is so broad that it leaves the door open to censor any speech that a company believes would 'degrade the network'."
And so, third person? The emphasis is balance. Balance everything in moderation though, because even moderation must be conducted in moderation. Simply speaking, write and see what works.
No.No.
I've taken enough of your time, so I don't want to go into the whole long process. My first two prescriptions didn't work out for me. Sometimes I had money, sometimes I didn't. I used state assistance for a while. I had some awful therapists--one who was much more interested in curing my bisexuality than my depression--and some decent ones. The first one heard me say, "Of course I'm depressed," and gave me a bit of insight. He said, "That's like saying, 'I fell off a ladder, of course my arm is broken,' then never going to a doctor to get it re-set." The more I got help, the more open I was to receiving it, even if it wasn't perfect. I still had many problems, but knives and lakes stopped looking like solutions to them. I wanted to do the work it took to get past them, not check out, and I felt like I could get it done.
You can find 2 simple kinds of REMOTE CONTROL cars  electric powered and nitro run. To begin with, you can purchase the particular electric powered radio controlled vehicle currently easier to operate. However , blemishes and also accidents wouldnt trouble anyone much since vehicles are generally relatively less expensive. Whilst, the nitro powered RC cars are extremely effective and has faster. A high level00 novice, opting this particular within the initial purchase is just not advised. While you obtain habitual, you are able to certainly buy this.
Ms Todd has been getting a very good press for learning to speak the gorilla tongue and befriending Makumba, the resident silverback. It seems that his mean and moody mannerisms have made a profound impression on her:
Swells and waves coming from different directions don’t happen often but they can make you feel very yucky.
But I'll still stick with my trusty electronics until they completely die out on me. We'll see what the future holds for this new gadget.
Then, two years ago I joined Facebook at the urging of cousins to keep in touch with family and was friended by my aunt – Beek’s daughter – who is only five years older than me. We’d grown up thick as thieves, but like everything else time and distance came between us.
“Then again, if I took anti-psychotics…”
In short local government largely rubber stamps the wishes of national government and implements them as directed; at least in the case of the main functions such as road maintenance, education, social care etc.
"My son was my brewmaster, and he works for another brewer full time and just couldn't do both. I didn't have anybody in the wings, and I couldn't do it with my schedule," says Ryck, who also runs the 300-acre family farm and is a partner in Suydam Insurance Agency. "So, the brewery is in mothballs for the time-being. The entity still exists, but the license has non-renewed."
“I love you Grayson.” I whispered the words so quietly I wasn’t sure I actually said them out loud.
You could die very, very early. You could have a heart attack, diabetes, stroke or Cancer.
“Like I was saying, you wait here and I’ll go upstairs to check it out. Backup’s already been called, so you’re safe until your brothers arrive.” Judson winked before walking toward the steps to the third level.
Well, we finally have gotten back to Cauldron from our little adventure to Sigil and I must say, it is different now that my sister is here. My long journey to set her free has been finished and I suddenly find myself without a goal. Well, there is the Silver Phoenix still and their goal to stop the city from being destroyed and their souls enslaved and such. I figured, what the hell, these guys certainly bring a ton of money my way.
so we went shopping together ~ but there was no COCOLULU in a place which we went so she may have got bored LOL
It seems that, from time to time, a local church ‘pastor’ comes up with a ‘novel’ idea that is supposed to turn the world upside down and bring forth the next revival, the next wave of Holy Spirit renewal to the lost land of America. *Yawns* *Shakes head* It is terribly frustrating when the idea has nothing to do with the actual Gospel of Jesus. What one must do nowadays is preach stupidity like this: “God may have rested on the seventh day, but the Rev. Ed Young wants married couples to have sex all week long.” This is what ‘church’ is in some parts of the world. Frankly, it makes me sick.
* The flowers were inked with the Smimmerz ink from the main kit to blend them in together.
Benefit fraud costs £1.5 billion. Tax fraud costs £15 billion.
And this emptiness consumes me
Among the items we picked up were nylon spacers. I had just finished testing fabric dyes on Faux Bone (see previous blog) and was curious as to how they would perform on nylon. The acid dyes worked so well that I immediately ran out and bought more colors and start dying batch after batch. I made a few bracelets for the call for entry, settling on one (above), made one for my friend Kristi's blog hop (see previous blog), and then stumbled upon a necklace design I fell in love with (left - soon to be in the hands of it's new owner Lisa D). From this, I created my first jewelry line to sell, a goal I had wanted to set for myself this year but, frankly, didn't think I'd accomplish!
Not only were we going up steps (a lot of steps), but we were going up hill through the entire property. I know that sounds a bit redundant - going up steps and going up hill. But, if we weren't walking up steps, we were walking on the ground at an incline. It was a bit tiring. The day was warmer than it had been in Venice and we were still trying to catch up on feeling like functioning human beings.
Will my future belong to the “old me” or the “new me”?
I usually don’t paint where we live. When I think about painting our rooms back to white, I can’t make myself do it to begin with. There is enough to think about before our move overseas. It helps that I love white walls.
The Nets have been essentially dismantled in order to clear cap space for free agents and to hope for the first lottery pick in the draft; the three players used to sell the project--Jason Kidd, Richard Jefferson, and Vince Carter--have all been jettisoned.
1985- Anna and Bella
Alright, so I guess after that they split up for some reason and Mo goes to visit this one guy from the Food and Drug Administration, who doesn’t really give him much useful info at all. Mo leaves, and then the Food and Drug Administration guy gets killed by his dog because they don’t have enough of The Stuff left in the fridge.
It was learnt that the anti-Azazi elements also said that an NSA should be seen, not heard.
Possess by Gretchen McNeil.
My name is Cindy Coutts and I am so privileged and honored to be the Design Team Coordinator and Social Media Director for StopAndScrap. We have put together an amazing design team for you of 10 designers that you already know and love! Each of them have a special gift to provide you with a wide array of inspiration. I"ll have more on that below when you meet them. We have so many plans that we're executing right now to make StopAndScrap YOUR store for one-stop shopping for everything that you need at the lowest prices and to date, we have achieved that.
And I saw a great white throne, and him that sat on it, from whose face the earth and the heaven fled away; and there was found no place for them.
Joe Camel isn't familiar to children today, as he was in the 1970s
At one point another young prof said something about a thing she'd like to do in one of her classes that was a bit outside the norm and many of us laughed about it being scandalous. I did a whole 'clutching my pearls' gesture--which caused a bigger uproar when J pointed out that I did it complete with a thimble on my finger!
10 No Xmas for John Quays
Let your inhibitions go. Sing with the wind.
We turned to the friendly and helpful staff of the Special Collections division to see if they had any historical examples of Haggadot that we could look at for reference. The response was exceptional. Not only were we able to see samples of pages from illuminated and printed Haggadot, we were able to make arrangements to borrow a number of volumes to include in the exhibition, so that all of our visitors could see these historical antecedents as well. We selected items that relate to aspects of Archie Granot’s project, such as the textual passages illuminated, or similar design elements.
They are £6 for 30 soaps...that's 20p each for pure natural handmade soap, if I had to make and cut them bespoke they would be at least 60p each.
I chose ODBD's Flower Border Stamp to make my card. This makes a beautiful frame for Bible Verses, sentiments, and quotes. The coloring of the flowers on it is really quick and easy to do.
It seems appropriate in this time of gluttony and the consumer frenzy of consumerism known as Black Friday, to talk about the ethical dilemmas of the financial choices we make.
so far my first year of being a 'hijaber' had been an amazing experience. an eye-opener.
But I might also remember something else.
Most of us shrug, put the wrinkles down to good living and get on with it, God — and baby bottom butter — willing. Not Mrs Johnson.
After I wrote the previous article I did a little searching around on the internet and found the House of Common's report by which the new Government guidelines are based which can be found here. I just thought I'd post a selection of snippets from the evidence section to highlight my earlier point.
Without assertive efforts to address structural problems—huge trade deficits with China and on oil, and expensive and ineffective regulations in banking and health care—the country is headed for years of high youth unemployment and permanent …
6These have power to shut heaven, that it rain not in the days of their prophecy: and have power over waters to turn them to blood, and to smite the earth with all plagues, as often as they will.
I had seen this eighth sign of the zodiac at our house before we left the States, so I knew where to look, but I was beginning to feel at sea because I simply could not find it.
I went and brought back the flogger I had ordered. It was the simplest possible model, basically a handle with a chrome wrist-chain at one end, and a gathering of suede strands about eight inches long at the other.
^^ For real though, is this shit not the truth? When my grandparents were my age, you didn’t leave your man or your woman. Times were not always good and yeah women stayed through some bullshit situations; but you know what more often than not they were actually really really in love. I’d love to know that me and my man were gonna really ride shit out through thick and thin, til death do us part for real but life just isn’t black and white enough to say that across the board we should stay in our relationships regardless. A lot of relationships need to be left. Just a thought though.
MASON (as if reciting poetry)
Over the course of 9 days over 500 exhibitors cram into the ExCel offering up advice and inspiration for your dream house. Added to this are regular seminars from Mr McCloud himself reflecting upon Grand Designs of the past, and looking at what’s to come.
-I didn't hang laundry, but tossed it into the dryer.
India is more problematic. As the only economy in Asia with a current account deficit, its external funding problems can hardly be taken lightly. Like China, India’s economic growth momentum is ebbing. But unlike China, the downshift is more pronounced — GDP growth fell through the 7% threshold in the third calendar year quarter of 2011, and annual industrial output actually fell by 5.1% in October. But the real problem is that, in contrast to China, Indian authorities have far less policy leeway. For starters, the rupee is in near free-fall. That means that the Reserve Bank of India can ill afford to ease monetary policy. Moreover, an outsize consolidated government budget deficit of around 9% of GDP limits India’s fiscal-policy discretion. While China is in better shape than India, neither economy is likely to implode on its own. It would take another shock to trigger a hard landing in Asia.
How much time? The usual rule of thumb is one month of deschooling for every year spent in school. So, for example, I knew MJ was going to need approximately 5 months of deschooling time when we pulled her out of school in 4th grade.
Bussing the mark that Government MPs have been using Federation Villas as bachelor pads…..what does the Rani have to say about this?
and of course the best part of the day was having all the family together and catching up....what more can you ask for! So my mum had a great birthday lunch, keira sang happy birthday (the version where 'you look like a monkey and smell like one too')
I just heard on the radio this morning... that the Federal Govt... for the past 60 years, has been using about 800 different pesticides on ALL our fruit and vegetable crops... and that the CDC or some oufit out there... is looking into those pesticides being the reason for ADHD. YA THINK????
Winners of Iceland's national battle of the bands in 2004, this hot and fast-moving five-piece are spitting in the face of every journo that's ever described Icelandic music as "glacial".
Today she led a British delegation to the Vatican. It was the largest ministerial delegation from the United Kingdom to the Vatican
The room that the surgery was performed in was quite cold. By the time I walked over to the table that you lay on, I was shivering. The nice assistants helped me climb onto the table, lay down and then offered me a blanket (thank heavens). Things proceeded quite quickly from there. They immediately started putting more numbing drops in my eyes. From this point on, I really unaware of what exactly was happening. The doctor and his assistants were very cheerful people. They talk you through everything without giving you too much detail. They even cheer you on and tell you what a great job you are doing. Your job is to lay still on that table and stay focused on the blinking light (orange in my case, but I've heard other say red). They also tell you to keep both eyes open which I found difficult to know if I was doing or not because one eye is being held open with lid holder/retainer type object and the other eye was covered with a dark object. It wasn't until I got home and watched the video of the procedure (yes, I did watch it and I wouldn't recommend it if you are squeamish and/or considering having it done until afterward) that I was able to put two and two together and make sense of everything that had taken place.
We’ve recently hit a lull in work at work, which for me unfortunately means I have little to nothing to do, as I’ve yet to train up to do anything else.
Still, it’s a smart idea to place your QR code where it’s 100% relevant to your target audience, and there are valuable lessons here. Most obvious, of course, is to ensure that your QR code takes the viewer to a site that’s going to look good and work well on a mobile device. Second, consider how your QR code is being applied, and ensure it’s easily scan-able. Finally, the sticker’s call to action needs work. Instead of “Turn me into yonanas,” which doesn’t mean anything to anyone, I’d have gone with something more benefit oriented: “Turn me into ice cream,” for instance.
This is part of the new social contract. The sheer percentage of consumers with third party collections in pursuit is striking. Additionally, the uptrend through both Bush boom and Obama bust years of the percentage of people being tracked down by third party collection agencies suggests we live in a different country than we did just ten years ago.
A Swedish man was caught trying to split atoms at home. Neighbors describe him as quiet but explosive.
It's not perfect. He still begs for crap, and sometimes we give in. He still throws himself on the ground and bargains for the 'last time' sip or spoonful of superfood. But...
Also access Sharepoint through the college website to find useful revision documents that your teachers have uploaded.
I'm laughing to myself in an 'are you kidding?' kind of way. It's basically a case of "We don't really have what you want, but we're just going to make what we feel like and give it to you anyway." I got a highball of gin and sweet vermouth with a straw. Mine wasn't the only adlib-recipe. I'm still working on my backlog of bars for which I lost photos and notes, but if I remember correctly, Kim ordered something without tonic that arrived blatantly boasting tonic. I believe this lack of attention to detail will set you back about 10 Euros a drink. The barman did show follow-through in coming over to ask how I liked my drink and was sincerely curious and non-defensive when I explained how I would have done it differently.
How does a writer proceed with a marketing plan?
Will drew thousands of subscribers to his YouTube channel and also used Twitter. His final tweet from the day he died simply said, “I’m graduating today!”
I discovered the following on the Urban Dictionary:
SRM 12
"every general truth is related to specific truths as gold is to silver, inasmuch as it can be converted into a considerable number of specific truths which follow from it in the same way as a gold coin can be converted into small change."
I guess it's like most things; a balance needs to be found. Yes, I'm living my dream, being able to write full time. But my dream never involved placing all my self-worth as a writer on what score I've got on Klout (I mean, someone actually messaged me on twitter to tell me what I had and then what they had. Why the hell would they think I'd care???).
Banyan Tree Ungasan
E-Mail: tessa.lehto@shakopeedakota.org
I'm not concerned at this point with the top of the bench, but the undersides must be flat so that they will rest evenly on the legs. This meant more quality time with my planes, winding sticks, and straight edge.
As mentioned before, the elastic property of materials can be analysed and understood quantitatively. We can determine the amount by which a certain material will be deformed if we apply a given force on it. We can calculate how much force we need to break a certain material. We can determine the maximum load a given spring can sustain before it becomes plastic. All of these can be figured out if we know the elastic properties of matter.
“We are confident that we can solve the problem of obesity and promote good nutrition and health for all Americans and stand ready to work with New York City to achieve these goals," Vilsack said.
I enjoyed giving him an injection in his abdomen later on, though. :) Ah, the sweet revenge of being a nurse!
Skin Care Tip 4:
The Friends Of Distinction - Going In Circles
The Story Teller
Earrings: Rummage sale. (I really loves these earrings, but they have proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that clip-ons are EVIL. One of these days I will get around to swapping out the devil’s clip with a post.)
Don’t you think if you started your day seeking Him on the desires of His heart and plans for you that just maybe your day will be right? Well, let me share something with you, is it not common sense to seek Him first? I mean think about it, He knows the beginning to the end before it happens. Therefore, He can guide you all the way! He knows what your day will be about, before your day even begins. He determines if you will live to see another day.
Two colossal cups!
When you’re in a relationship o marriage when events as such occur its proper to fully recover from this. Get guidance from someone who is willing to extended help. Always keep God first and prevalent. If you remain in a relationship as such, learn how to forgive. Always remember to sew good seeds with others. Love your spouse as you would love yourself. Lastly, know that woman and men come and go, don’t kill over a man or woman because when you are behind bars everyone is living their life. GOD BLESS AND BE A BLESSING
Another note to teachers, it’s okay to retell stories to kids. You can stick with the same story for one whole week, depending on the children’s interest. Young children easily forget things, so telling the story over and over again helps them remember it. Moreover, when you retell a story, you can focus on different parts each time you retell it. In our case, we first focused on the days of the week several weeks ago. Today, we focused on the caterpillar itself and what it looked like. In the future, we can use this book again and focus on food next! That’s the great thing about books, there’s so much you could learn from it that sometimes we don’t even notice! When you retell a story, you not only let the child remember the story more, you also let the child love the book more. Hence, develop his/her love for reading!
So now i am almost done the draft for Xtreme just in time to get ready for Nanowrimo... National Novel Writing Month - only 41 days away. There is still the study guide for Genesis 1-11 and the next project on the horizon after that...
Here we go:
Especially when so many
Hey Everyblogger...
Nordström S, Birke E; Gustavsson L. Reproductive hazards among workers at high voltage substations. Bioelectromagnetics 1983; 4: 91-101.
Chino, CA 91710
Shop around the perimeter of the grocery store that’s where the fresh foods are.
This is a silly sort of discrimination. It means that academics, who pay very little for their membership, can easily contact everyone else in the Directory, while people who pay the full rate for their membership have to resort to such trusty tricks as playing around with Google (or asking their secretaries to do it for them) if - as often happens - they need to contact a trade mark academic.
- originally published on May 16, 2011 in Critics at Large.
hubs - it's 3:00 - well .... you just ate a pint of guacamole, 2 york peppermint patties, a package of garlic pita chips and 2 butterscotch krimpets. I got full just watching you.
"Meetings took place in North Hwanghae and Ryanggang Provinces on Friday at which servicepersons and people vowed to wipe out through a merciless sacred war the Lee Myung Bak group of traitors who hurt the dignity of the supreme leadership of the DPRK".
But with the power to bring good fortune to those around him, Johann is soon tempted to change his own...
Ah...a quiet moment at last. Both kids are in bed, the husband is at a softball game and I finally get a few minutes to myself. I've had so much going on lately that I don't even know where to begin. I see that becoming a recurring theme in my life: NOT KNOWING WHERE TO START.
Crawling into bed tired and happy.
This book showed that love is not always easy and if you really are truly in love you do some silly thing to hold onto the people you love. I found myself one hundred percent falling in love with the book and Sethos and here are some reasons why.
As Audrey is leaving town, she tells Claudia Joy that she needs to start telling people about Jackie moving out for a little while after Mr. Clarke had an affair. Claudia Joy then goes to Jackie and tells her to stop spreading rumors about her husband or she will be forced to retaliate.
I went to the doctor this week for my bi-annual check-up. Blood pressure good. Lungs good. No sign of a new melanoma scare. Lab work is upcoming so I'll have a sense of how my blood is, how my kidneys are doing, and generally what habits need to change. But honestly, I'm feeling really good right now and I doubt there's any way to measure that.
Kentucky Common, or Kentucky Sour Mash Beer, as its name implies, came out of Kentucky, and is one of only two American beer styles.
If you desire to read John Wesley’s sermon yourself, you can do so here. The is much more to say on this topic, but I will save that for another time. Comments are most appreciated.
And lastly - once you acquire and read the book - tell people about it! With diminishing shelf space, there is less and less chance of a reader accidentally picking up a Blood Coven book to read. I rely so much on people reading the books and then telling their friends. Or blogging about the books or talking about them on Facebook. That is the BEST BEST BEST way to overcome the bookstore distribution hurdle.
I wanted to list The Cove five times?
my outline is bold and stretches twice the body's size
One of the best westerns of all time is Lonesome Dove, the TV miniseries based upon the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel by Larry McMurty. It is the story of August McCrae and Woodrow Call, old Texas Rangers and and new cattleman who decide to make a cattle drive from Lonesome Dove, Texas to the Montana territory. Of course, they have all kinds of adventures along the way. But not long after reaching Montana, McCrae is wounded in leg by Indian arrow; he loses one leg to gangrene and needs the other amputated to save his life. He refuses. In the scene below, the dying McCrae asks his friend Woodrow Call for one last favor.
Well according to the article on Poynter, consumers will now be able to publicly view how much money each broadcaster is receiving for these political ads. This has stirred negative feedback from broadcasters of course, stating it would take too much money to post these records online. But why would this be such a huge issue?
A year after the Brooklyn Navy Yard tests, Fulton sent a letter in verse to Napoleon's infant son in which he playfully asked for more backing from the "great King." Excerpts are printed below:
I visited Satan in Midland to discuss the upcoming NHC and to brew a wiezenbock, to which I have been sworn to secrecy. We plan to enter the wiezenbock in the Big Batch Brew in Houston in May. Before brew day, we sampled beers we thought we would enter into NHC.
Growing up in a hurry, yeah
Alf and Mandy Spindle
So, what else is there to do besides drag out all the snow gear? Out from the basement and dusty corners of the closet came coats, hats, boots, mittens, scarves, earmuffs, gloves, and snow pants. Much of it was outgrown or missing, meaning that the girls went to school wearing rain boots instead, and Brody had some girly purple gloves. But that didn't stop them.
Still, the pieces in the new White collection really really are lovely. Think Cos meets Whistles but ever so slightly less pricey. Fisherman jumpers (in a luxe fabric and sensible forest green colour), grey suede penny loafers and numerous well-cut classic tops are all on the menu.
Beyond Kelly comes a fantastic woman L’Erin (pronounced ‘lair-in) she is a self-proclaimed Freedom Muse and Life Alchemist Extraordinare! Her website is Sisterfire.com and you must check out her “Start Here” section, aiming straight for The Adventurous Moxie Playbook! It’s fantastic! It’s inspiring and it helped me grow…and some of the fear of creating my new bio scampered away without so much as a whimper!
Having been victimized by a leading advocate of global warming and other environmental inventions, Dr. Peter H. Gleick, who misrepresented himself as a member of its board in order to secure confidential information about Heartland’s donors and then took it a step further by creating a phony “memo” misrepresenting its mission has led Heartland to consider legal proceedings against him.
These shots are showing the stitch marker in the middle of the row--as you can see, I have about 11 or was it 15 stitches on one side of the marker and only 5 or so on the other side of the marker. I'm not sure how that happened--I thought I was counting carefully but I guess not. The sides should be equal. See me trying to use my left hand more--the right one is hurting so much that it's quite hard to make myself use it at times.
3. Lianne La Havas – This British singer is destined to be a big star! She is so unique – a blend of so many types of sounds. Sultry, playful, bluesy! Loving her!
The Haunting of Tabitha Grey by Vanessa Curtis, £5.99
I do hoipe you will join in with us, as I always look forward to seeing your cards.
His sincere desire to love everyone.
Right now it's not in the budget to attend the classes. So after
Meanwhile, in a separate case filed by Malaysian NGO Suaram in Paris against DCN to compel it to return any illegal commissions paid to Malaysian officials, including Najib, for the purpose of securing the deal, the noose is already closing on the culprits. An investigative judge will be appointed soon and open court hearings will begin. The information revealed during the course of the trial will surely embarrass Najib, and his advisers are already going all out to damage control the bad press once the Paris trial begins.
complex, acquired illness with numerous symptoms related mainly to
all members of the family texting, tweeting, facebooking...
Then this past weekend I went out with a group of girls which had a great deal to do with reconnecting with this girl that I knew in HS that has become a quick friend. Well her best friend is Nina’s cousin Diana. I was invited to celebrate Diana’s birthday which I did. I had always liked here when I was friends with Nina and when I dated Peter, so I never had any issues with her. She was happy I came and said I was invited any time and that she was excited for the next time we were able to hang out. A sentiment I echoed. So I pose the question why can Diana move past the fact that Peter and Nina no longer speak to me and are certainly NOT friends even though they are family, yet it is OK that Miller and Joey allow and stand by while Meagan’s family rips me apart because they are too concerned with interfering with the ‘family.’
But this memory was not pleasing to him, and rather than plumbing the depths of shame that he felt in it he preferred to indulge in a little grimace, twisting up the corners of his mouth and adding, if need be, a shake of the head which signified “What do I care about it?”
Sophie comes to buy into it totally. Jeannie’s fighting for the soul of her child but not doing a very good job of it against fashion and peer pressure (from Sophie’s friends in this new collaborator class). Jeannie ends up being sort of a spy in her own life. And when at last the revolution happens, Sophie turns against her mother and her mother’s subversive friends. Such as Nat and Mat, who have obviously been plotting our alien overlords for a long time.
A dog is not a piece of property, not a weapon, nor a punching bag. A dog is a living being with feelings, fears and phobias. They do not come preprogrammed to be obedient or to fit, like a puzzle piece, into any dynamic. But they can learn, becoming certified therapy dogs, search dogs, agility dogs. They can heal from traumatic events, becoming exemplary pets.
She said, “Given the circumstances, I believe so. And this woman thinks she is connected to the Plejarans, which she is not, but she will accept our intervention.”
Maybe just a couple chairs and small table..
Female (30s/Over): Donna, River, Sarah Jane.
Anyway, the government regulated business, and business passed on the extra cost incurred to the customer. This is pretty much how any business would operate. If you made me sell t-shirts at a loss, I’d make my customers pay a t-shirt club fee to get into my store. I’d have to make up that money somehow. While the dollar values might not be accurate (perhaps credit card transaction fees are too much, so the comparison may not be as good as I think it is), the point that they are charging people who use a service for using that service — rather than making up that money elsewhere — is quite fair to me.
Beyond prayer, I believe being a responsible citizen means that Christians should vote. Intrinsic to the right and responsibility of voting is being aware and educated on the issues and candidates that one is voting on. This takes engagement, interest, and awareness of how the political landscape is forming and being formed.
The Director of Public Policy for the Mental Health Association in Tulsa also supports this measure, and will be working with the legislators in the coming months as they draft their bill.
Sam Sykes is a fantasy author who, at 25, slammed his mighty pen upon magical paper and cleared a space in the genre for his Aeons’ Gate Trilogy.
And he moved the eighth string from his harp crying out and saying: His foundation is in the holy mountains. The Lord loves the gates of Zion (Ps. 87:1, 2)
“Will posting this give Emma reason to doubt her judgement?”
And on an unrelated note, hi! I'm Becky, and I'm happy to be the newest member of Afterglow. I'll do my best to make these reviews coherent!
So personally, I love both the US and the UK covers of this series for different reasons. They are both incredible and show different aspects of the story that are important. Both are great and I love them.
Reviewing the Roxy premiere, the anonymous critic for TIME magazine wrote, “There are two rollicking sailors in this fractious and excellent comedy. . . . A Girl in Every Port is really What Price Glory? translated from arid and terrestrial irony to marine gaiety of the most salty and miscellaneous nature. Nobody could be more charming than Louise Brooks, that clinging and tender little barnacle from the docks of Marseilles. Director Howard Hawks and his entire cast, especially Robert Armstrong, deserve bouquets and kudos.”
Pendleton, D-Hopkinsville, urged his fellow hemp supporters to lobby hard in preparation for another push in 2013.
All of a sudden, Meeko starts growling, but then I realize it’s just my stomach. We pop into the Winking Skeever for a quick bite. Don’t ask the owner why the bar is named the Winking Skeever, by the way. It’s a dreadfully boring story, explained rather plainly. The guy’s certainly no bard. I do chit-chat with the resident bard-maiden, though. We laugh, we share stories, she tells me I should check out the Bard’s college, I tell her I am, I stand around awkwardly, then I leave. What? I’m not good with the ladies. But maybe Meeko will help. Chicks still dig animals, right?
Yet I do not blame the invaders, I blame their enablers. Be they subversives unhappy at the lack of revolutionary spirit amongst the native Britons or those apologists seeking warm and fuzzy feelings, not forgetting the deluded fools who wish to make amends for perceived injustice they had nowt to do with. And I haven’t even mentioned the Corporate Powers that use immigration to keep wages low.
The hearing, at 250 Broadway in Lower Manhattan, was packed with construction workers who came on at least four buses more than 45 minutes before the 10 am start time, thus crowding out some others who didn’t expect a full house. The hearing room holds fewer than 150 people.
Thou art my intimate delight –
- ¾ cup unsweetened cocoa powder
Half a bunch of fresh parsley
I told him that it happened to be my sobriety day, and that I am 13 years sober.
The moving and disbursement of funds and the gaining back of the original Lighted funds that were stolen and used for the benefit of the cabal and for the hurt of humanity; these matters are being overseen by your Ascended Masters as they come through to the Earth Ally teams who are putting such projects together and beginning to bring this money back.
They say 'time flies when you're having fun' but these last couple years have been the LONGEST of my life because, healthwise, it's been anything but fun.
Me: Yeah I do. Extra special batch from my Hidden Valley.
one for Speaker Boehner, one for Senator Brown,
SEC. 3. The President of the Philippines shall as soon as practicable upon the convening of the Congress of the Philippines report thereto all the rules and regulation promulgated by him under the powers herein granted.
( a REALLY bad start )
Katherine Jenkins & Mark Ballas – Samba
And so it was that the recipe that I had chosen for this week became the perfect metaphor. The sadness of finishing the book and knowing that many of the TWD bakers will be going their own way was sweetened by the friendships that have eclipsed the book. Bittersweet indeed, yet the perfect opportunity for two friends to share a brownie.
Because of their underlying web of interconnecting roots, Aspens are able to survive forest fires. Sure, a few trees get burned, but new saplings rise to take their place. It's the same in politics. Scorched earth tactics may singe a few, but it is for the greater good. Even liberal Wikipedia agrees: "Fire indirectly benefits aspen trees, as it allows the saplings to flourish in open sunlight on account of the burned landscape." There is nothing like a burned landscape for nourishing new trees and new democracies.
But one thing that came out is that No one won, thats boring and i really hate that, when u watch a game, u expect one team to win, but in this term, both teams were winners because it was a Draw when the Game ended!.
The cards were produced in 2 factories, 649-black-back & 30-red-back.
One of the writers said they were ‘unassailable’ at their desk and there is that feeling, when the work is going well, that you are safe in your working (yet imaginary) world.
Last night I had a dream. It was actually more of a nightmare. I used to have this dream frequently back when I was a waitress, but I haven't experienced this dream since 1992. Except for a few variations, this is how the dream generally goes...
We are beside ourselves with glee. Shock!!! Amazement!!
A food processor makes quick and easy work of dough making.
2. Sizes. So I’ve mentioned a couple of times that I’m almost down 3 full sizes- almost, but not quite there yet. Well, I can officially say: when I started my journey, I was starting to outgrown my 26Ws. You did not read wrong, that was a twenty-six. 2 – 6. I have never felt more horrible about myself than getting to that point. I had previously felt that way before when I realized my already gargantuan-feeling 24Ws were starting to get snug, but that thought of moving into a 28W was something I just couldn’t handle. That was the maximum size at a lot of stores that I shop at! No way was I going to have to purchase the biggest options.
Setlist from setlist.fm
Whether or not an attack occurs, we can all be certain of one thing: that governments around the world will continue to use the threat of terror to further consolidate their power, and to strip the citizenry of their rights and civil liberties.
Okay, enough with the Wayne's World references. Party on.
Why? Because it's a variant on our beloved hopsamatic, an IPA with sweet body, a sweet brown ale with a knife-sharp keel of steely hops. It is a beer that pleases, teases, and -- no, 'squeezes' would rhyme, but this beer slaps, there's no way around it. Excellent aroma, with the brown sugar and molasses swirling up through all the pine and citrus hops; good body, and again, sweet and bitter battle through. It fights to the last sip, and the finish stays bitter.
but before I get to my card, there is a new release this week of the new collection - Floral Delights and we are having a blog hop to celebrate!! I just love a good hop and there are prizes to be won as always - one lucky person will win all of the new release and 5 more will win 2 digis of their choice from the new collection
So much of what they mean they cannot say. And so much of what they say is not what they really mean.
So, that is my challenge entry...I really like this card, but if I were to do it again, I would put a few more layers in the border area and probably use some DSP also. That being said, I like how it turned out and and I'm going to be proud to give that to a family member for christmas!
First a little bit of a background:
And drinks? Ah, man. There, too. We make a drink we like and that’s it. That’s what we drink. We got so stuck on Kentucky mules last year that I can barely stomach the thought of one more. Gallons, literally, of Buffalo Trace bourbon went down our throats on that one cocktail. Anyone who came over was offered a bourbon-and-ginger-beer combo. That’s not to say I’m sick of bourbon, that I grew weary of the bitters in it, or that the mule is a bad drink. Far from it. I just wanted a break from the monotony of it.
GTE Pro class: The most popular class of car manufacturers (formerly run as the GT2 class) is traditionally the best supported: Modified sports cars with up to 500 hp and a minimum weight of 1,245 kilograms.
We are now at a crossroad. Two paths lie before us. Both are marked with a signpost that reads “Danger”! Down one path lies the threat from massive solar storms. Down the other path lies several decades of crushing cold temperatures and global famine.
It’s embarrassing
-The thing that makes me want to get out of bed in the morning is ________.
The mathematician: "If now exactly one person enters the house then it will be empty again."
Dressed for the Occasion: Discover an Elegant Dress by opening Brightly Colored Eggs during the Noblegarden celebration. Not required for the meta, not required for one of the other achievements. This is one for the achievement whores to farm (Yay! 10 more epeen points! Yes, I did in fact farm this dress last year, and right after, my shadow priest alt opened it on her first egg. Ah well, least it looks sexier on the Blood Elf). Try to find someone who has it so you can complete Blushing Bride.
-Reif
Atlantic Yards Must Be Scrapped!
Because when it comes down to it,
IPT NEWS
He looked at me and said, "Well, right now you're at a zero."
07 Power Of Soul
This recipe was in Zymurgy Vol 23 #5, Sept/Oct 2000, page 24. I would, in a heartbeat, link to an authorized online recipe, but there isn't one available.
Mr H nabs the chance of putting his customers awake, that he has just made his escape from India, not forgetting to clap his mawleys upon some of the right sort of stuff, when on his return home he was stunned to find one of the top Manufacturers of Manchester had cut his lucky, and stepped off to the Swan Stream, leaving behind him a valuable stock of Moleskins, Cords, Velveteens, Box Cloths, Plushes, Doe Skins, Pilots &c., and having some ready in his kick--grabbed the chance--stepped home with the swag--and is now safely landed at his crib. He can turn out Toggery, very slap at the following low prices for
I never felt like Rauschenberg, Herms, and Arman’s trash and resourcefulness were very culturally specific – in other words, Rauschenberg’s trash does not tell a cultural story, it seems no more Texan than Herms seems Angeleno. Anatsui’s work seems specifically Nigerian to me, and I say this not from just the allusions to Kente cloth or the reference to the colonial sale of liquor (though both contribute greatly to the work's cultural specificity). I say this because of the works' economy and its elegance in execution – it is not Rauschenberg striving to reinvent seeing by looking at neglected overlooked objects or Herms' use of rubbish to alter our experiential surroundings. Anatsui’s trash earnestly wants to be an elegant art object the same way that for example, Kenyans use bits of wood to create refined sitting stools. It is an aesthetic that recalls folk art practices where people have very little, but do what they can with it.
The Dragons knew Moorestown would be a huge obstacle.
"I was sitting there with the blood pumping out," said the anguished computer businessman.
Treat yourself to a
Anyway. I'll be in a BRIGHT ORANGE PCRF shirt (VIP Runner on the back!) and gunmetal Team Sparkle Skirt - say hi!
A puppet show of this magnitude needs to be torn apart and examined to its core, and that is why I spent 8 months collecting this information into a movie:
Second Amendment rights, as we see them from this vantage point, are written strictly for white men and white women running from their own sins and shadows and conjuring up black hobgoblins and other “dark” things that go bump in the night because the law allows it. And the only reason the vast majority of them are so paranoid is because of their own wrongs.
Flame-retardant additives used widely in electronics and furniture are appearing in increasing amounts in fish, and farmed salmon contain significantly higher levels of these polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) compounds than wild salmon, according to research published in the August 11, 2004 issue of Environmental Science and Technology.
I once felt loved
On and on and on and on I step out the front door and im gone …..
As with their earlier book, The Power of the Magdalene (Review PS Issue 44), Stuart and Joanna present this in the form of a dialogue between Past Life Therapist and client, rather than pages of smooth flowing text. But this does not detract from the information offered, and one soon gets used to reading in this way.
Yet we should not take these events so lightly. We are making shortcuts in the evolutionary process. There has been a system created long before man came into being that tried to balance things out through the natural selection process. Now we are introducing unnatural things.
Sad news that the legendary rock vocalist Ronnie James Dio has passed away aged 67 after battling with stomach cancer.
Meanwhile I have been busy working away at some cards as I was set a challenge by Janice at Sir Stamplaot to get into action with the new Tim Holtz Distress Markers along with some of the other new goodies now in stock.
Till date, I have made 3 different tart recipes from Bourke Street Bakery's cookbook. My favourite being the ginger brulee tart. The short crust pastry in BSB's cookbook is one of my favourite as well. Hence, it is only natural that I return to them again. To be honest, I did not enjoy this Chocolate Ganache tart as much as I thought I would....
♥ 7. Finish with a top coat to protect your design from chipping away.
This is my very first time being in an interview panel and I did all the things that I knew I’m supposed to do. However, when I was writing notes, jeez… Amanda seems to be writing so much more that it made me feel that I’m not paying enough attention.
Take 1: The Set-Up
Sat, Oct 06 Washington DC Verizon Center Fri, May 11
My next stop was at the claim of an Old Timer name of Mr. Scottish Book Trust. They call him “Scotty” for short. I waited a while at the mouth of his tunnel & then who should appear but his daughter! I pulled Seven of my Best Writing Tips out of my Carpet Bag and traded them for a few "feet" of her mine. Heather seemed pleased with the trade, so my 13th stop turned out to be a lucky one.
And live it out loud
Deep Relax Bath & Shower Oil 7.5ml (I will be using this Xmas eve)
but a called voice carried
Imagine my surprise when noting that Josh Barro, noted Forbes contributor and on fiscal and economic policy, was going to take on Derb’s piece at Takimag. I am sure he would sure the world that Derb’s piece was wrong and take it apart piece by piece. That would show the world that the racissssss Derb was wrong, spewing lies on top of lies. This would surely help vault Josh Barro further in the intellectual orbit, perhaps landing him on Bill Maher’s show someday next to Andrew Sullivan. Someday, sport. Someday.
Fredrick when he can be standing on the mound in Camden Yards trying to strike out Jose Bautista with a good fastball and a change-up he learned two weeks ago? Who cares, it’ll sell tickets. And then when Bautista hits one off of the ivy we can all say, “Heh. I knew that bum was a bust. Now, this other kid, the one
Only the corporate sector has the resources to produce public information and propaganda on the scale of the Pentagon and other government bodies. The AFSC and NCC cannot duplicate the Mobil Oil company’s multimillion-dollar purchase of newspaper space and other corporate investments to get its viewpoint across. The number of individual corporations with budgets for public information and lobbying in excess of those of the AFSC and NCC runs into the hundreds, perhaps even the thousands. A corporate collective like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce had a I983 budget for research, communications, and political activities of $65 million. By I980, the chamber was publishing a business magazine (Nation’s Business) with a circulation of I.3 million and a weekly newspaper with 740,000 subscribers, and it was producing a weekly panel show distributed to 400 radio stations, as well as its own weekly panel-discussion programs carried by I28 commercial television stations.
A fight that erupted over a $400 porn bill wound up landing a Hobe Sound woman behind bars, according to a recently released arrest affidavit.
- 1 tablespoon of brown sugar
2. I looove to paint! When I’m not doing oil paintings I’m usually trying my hand at mixed media. Either way, it’s not uncommon to walk in my studio and see paint and paper everywhere
Tanner quickly mowed the lawn, brrrr. Nathan fixed Corbie's little Thomas Bike Tire. Corbs has found the brakes and skid power. He skid through the rubber and popped a hold in the tube. He is ready to skid up the pavement again!
Trying to get over the loss of the previous tank...we move onto the Urubamba Tank that looks surprisingly a lot like the Visual Language Tank! I tried this on in both an X-Small and a Small and the X-Small was the one I settled on. The Small was a bit longer which I liked, but the arm holes dipped so low that it was almost humorous. The X-Small fit well all throughout the tank, but I wish it had been just an inch longer. It's certainly not a deal breaker, just personal preference. I loved the pretty colors and the neckline detailing...it really gives it a little something extra special. This top is wish listed for sale...high on my wish list!
The name Bahamas came from the Spanish, Baja Mar for ‘shallow seas’. The archipelago rests on a pair of limestone platforms, the Great and Little Bahama Banks, but it was divided by channels that plunge as deep as 13,000 feet. As deep as the Altiplano is high. This combination of sheer drops and shallows, of rocky ledges and sandy shores, of coral reefs, grass flats, mangroves and lagoons nurtured life of all sizes. Clean waters blended to create a seafood feast that drew sharks from near and far.
Stamp and Self address a Legal size envelope, usually manila colored, and fold it into a regular letter envelope.
Familiar though they are, these hymns (and others like them) have increasingly disturbed me, because they seem to celebrate Jesus’ death, even though the gospels go to great lengths to demonstrate that it was an act of injustice that deeply grieved the disciples and brought darkness to the land. More puzzling is the fact that there are no obvious references to the resurrection in these hymns, which (at the very least) ought to raise a metaphorical “red flag” about their theology.
So if you are wondering the "whys" behind the items I am selling, well, now you know!
See ABBA and Hall & Oates, except not really cheesy, and slightly more impressive.
Hudson had done a marvellous job. Especially since this is her first novel. I really enjoyed reading this! I can't wait to see what happens with Amelia and Joshua!
III. THE FIRE SERMON
We're both afraid, both holding our breath......
This romeo is bleeding
“Age of Opportunity” by Paul David Tripp explores parenting teens. With a 13-year-old, an 11-year-old, and a 9-year-old, this one seemed like a good idea to pick up.
8. ACME NOVELTY LIBRARY #18-19
Mofokeng said the line was being cleared and would be assessed to ascertain whether it was safe to operate Friday's morning peak train service. - SAPA
I’ve learned a lot, saw some very nice things and if I didn’t like or commented on your thing, I should have.
When my midwife arrived she checked progress. I was at a 51/2 and fully effaced.
Tickets have been getting snapped up for this year's
No need to fret about your store of 'em.
Tomorrow, October 8th, the Utah Pride Center will be hosting a workshop from the Trevor Project Lifeguard Program | Suicide prevention. The Trevor Project is "a nonprofit endeavor established to promote acceptance of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and questioning (LGBTQ) youth, and to aid in suicide prevention among that group."
In this collection of autobiographical essays, Winstead vividly recounts how she fought to find her own voice, both as a comedian and as a woman, and how humor became her most powerful weapon in confronting life’s challenges.
15. I really - really, really, really, really - am loving life together.
It would take another Americal Division veteran, an infantryman named Ron Ridenhour, to piece together the truth about the atrocity at My Lai. After returning to the United States, Ridenhour interviewed Americal comrades who had participated in the massacre.
*it's a seriously awesome job opportunity
First, a long-winded Back-story: Before Christmas, I toyed with the idea of making my niece a cowl to match the mittens I had given her for her birthday. This led me to pull out my skein of Schoppel Wolle Admiral Ombre that @Doogarry gave me as an Angel present a few years ago. The plan was to combine this with some yellow GarnStudio Drops Eskimo and make Pletenka. As with many of my schemes, the plan didn’t work. However, it re-kindled my love for the Admiral Ombre and to wonder what I could do with it.
I am sure we will see many more emerging in the coming year
I kind of blame this on my parents… their such opposites and I am so much like my father yet so much like my mother, it’s like I’ve managed to somehow soak it the extremes of both parents.
Hoisin Pork Stirfry (includes veggies), Rice
7 shall
We wound round and round the lakefront path sometimes running closer to the city and sometimes running right next to the beaches. What I didn't see, though, was a water station! At one point I heard a woman in front of me yell to a volunteer "Where's the freaking water station??" Amazingly, I was doing okay. I think the cooler weather and the rain really helped. And the wind no where near the conditions I encountered on my Thursday lunch time run so, to me, it was imperceptible.
1 funny
Narrator You’re right Ben. I’m sorry little weed. It was a very good idea really.
Livin’ on a Prayer – Bon Jovi
Skip ahead to 2:30 to see orange-clad party animals roaming the streets of Amsterdam, to 4:30 for a view of the logjammed canals, and to 8:30 to see the huge scale of this national party!
The pleasure is when you can feel the cool mornig and the got afternoon, the light rain and fans fog.
7. In The City
and that's all that matters.
If you want confirmation of how Kianna responded to my praying mantis stories, Grammy and Kishia can verify: Kianna laughed. Her eyes sparkled as she looked into mine during the natural history lesson.
There was only one way to solve this problem, my mind tells me. I listened carefully and before long, I knew what I had to do. It was going to be a very big risk which could backfire but, it was better than the time bomb I was sitting on…
I was thinking about exactly how does body shape affect weight loss? We all know that the abdominal fat is stubborn and never wants to leave so do apples lose slower? I did a little research this morning and wasn't able to find any specific studies to support my train of thought.
Laters, ladies. Have to dish dinner up and sort out my clobber for work tomorrow.
How far I went, we may never know, but this I do know. I got home from the pool and realized I was hungry.
Was frustrated with my time-I was creeping along barely maintaining 14 minutes/mile. I am sure it is because I had pain in my arch and calves. Upset that my $100 shoes were great for one flipping run. Pretty sad that my Champion shape up type shoes are the best for me to run in.
Is with my love for whom I care
Give what you can and watch in your own states and communities. There are resources for us to use. AKC, kennel clubs, and organizations like rpoa of TX. We WILL win. By fighting.
I’m having a pretty good week, I’m happy to say. My son’s communication device was delivered yesterday. It’s repaired, and working great. This nasty cold is still going around. I was over it, then my kids came down with it and my husband relapsed. Now that they are getting better, it’s made it’s way back to me. This time, thought, it’s not as bad. I’m loading up with vitamin C and Zinc. I’m also taking it easy, getting as much rest as I can. That’s one of the benefits of being your own boss. You can arrange your schedule to suit you.
I just wish I were going as a "we" instead of "me."
My children were raised on Disney movies.
Grease will always be one of my all time favourite movies. I was introduced to it so long ago I had no idea what Rizzo was really meaning when she sang 'There Are Worse Things I Could Do' but I definitely knew all the lyrics. This outfit reminds me of something one of the Pink Ladies might wear with a little Americana thrown in there - and incidently, a bit of Canadian Pride. My Grandfather was born in Vancouver was sent this commemorative shirt from by family during the 76' Olympic Games. Its clearly made from non-biodegradable material to have lasted so long in such good condition!
2 stitched frames
West Yorkshire brewery Saltaire scooped three awards at the Society of Independent Brewers (SIBA) National Beer Competition 2010.
I widened this shot so you can see it’s whitening/brightening effect on my hand after blending out the swatch. it also helps to even out the skin appearance. However, coverage is rather sheer and when applied on the face, a concealer is definitely needed if you have spots/scars. I love how naturally glowy I look when I’m wearing just this, it doesn’t look like I’m wearing makeup, but my skin looks more even and glowy. I’ve been wearing this alone with just a layer of pressed powder on top to set it, and I love the whole overall effect! The oil control is quite impressive on me too, lasting 6-7 hours before the shine peeks through. This also has the honour of being the BB in my collection with the highest SPF value. At SPF 50+ / PA+++, this allows me to skip my usual sunblock, even under this unforgiving equatorial sun.
She tried to recall what had caused her to fall for she didn’t remember her attacker at all.
So its been a pretty relaxed week here and although there hasn't been much time for blogging (as per usual) I have found time to keep up with a few of my favourite subjects!
To capture this fiend, we must not make a sound.
Bouli is laying beside me emitting an occasional grunt or groan as she naps. She definitely knows how to live. She sleeps, plays, and eats plenty and is never at a loss for copious amounts of human adoration and affection. What a life!
James Born of frustration UK
Marinating of Chicken :
Me: "The song from The Little Mermaid. The one that was just on!"
What if a moment standing still could be just as beautiful when it breathes? What if photography moved us, and we moved photography?
Madagascar's mysterious aye-aye warms up its extra-long finger when searching for dinner, scientists have found.
These are going to be some fun, easy-to-piece rectangular blocks that can use either 5″ squares or 2 1/2″ strips. I’m trying to decide on what to put in-between the blocks and playing with a few different ideas; sashing strips from assorted fabrics (like what is shown), one fabric used for all the sashing pieces, or pieced sashing from various prints and plaids like I’ve used in the blocks.
Now let's look at copyright of one of my published books: From Daisy to Paisley. This work took a large amount of time and effort to write, edit, quilt and shoot photos for. I would be extremely upset if someone took this work and sold it or gave it away for free.
if you want to control people's sex lives or a woman's uterus. I keep hearing various pundits wax eloquent about Ron Paul and how he's the only Republican candidate who's truly for small government and personal freedom. Pshaw. He's not for personal freedom; he's for white male privilege. As long as he's fine with government restricting access to abortion, he's not a libertarian -- he's a misogynist trying to use a particular political philosophy as cover for his attempts to keep women barefoot and pregnant.
Jen, over at iheartorganizing, is hosting a Spring into Organization Blogger Parade! You better believe I'll be following along as much as I can!
Cliffhangers are basically the last line or two at the end of a scene or chapter that leaves a reader hanging. It’s what makes them stay awake at night to read because they can’t put it down. Strategically, your best cliffhangers should come at the end of a chapter. It also pays to put them at the end of a scene.
They taste just like your grandmother's banana bread, ladies. Just like your grandmother's banana bread in a muffin casing.
Starring: Sylvester Stallone, Jason Statham, Jet Li, Dolph Lundgren, Eric Roberts, David Zayas, Giselle Itie, Terry Crews, Randy Coutre, Mickey Rourke, and Charisma Carpenter
c) using frosted bulbs are easier on the eyes.
Well, after putting up with his insults (like "nice bangs" in reference to my current Yul Brynner 'do) I actually piledrive the kiddo a few times which doesn't do much for him, given his spine seemed to be made of a slinky. I did this with no effort, as if I was play-acting studio wrestling with a three-year-old only with a ton of anger in my heart! The rapier-like witticisms kept on a'comin' (I remember him shouting "Keep your cholesterol-laden hands off me!" as I tried yet another debilitating wrestling move) though soon the social intercourse (no, not that!) was broken up by none other than mother, who chastized me for treating company in such a way even if that company was an annoying rock critic bigmouth who was more'n responsible for helping destroy the Generation of Bangs and Meltzer and turning it into one big Voice of Whoredom!
e) *insert your own word* therapy/program
of mountains
Surely you possess observed cell phones together with computer games to them. This really a significant attraction simply because families desire to enjoy an important performance and also a pair of despite the fact that hanging around meant for coach bus, waiting around on tier, ready to get another person, or maybe quickly as they may be tired. Teenagers would likely acquire the extra beautiful when compared with men and women.
The signatories of this statement are dedicated to the protection and development of intellectual property rights in general and trade marks in particular. Based upon the expertise and experience of their members – including professional representatives and other practitioners, in-house counsel, IP owners representing all industry lines, IP judges and law professors – they take an active, ongoing interest in legislative projects and regularly submit their comments and proposals, both on the EU and Member State level.
Now the record will stand as posted. I will not argue this point any longer. In addition, I have given my colleagues a current value on the projects I am now working on currently that I am hopeful will come to fruition in the future. All in all, yes I am very capable of saying I am a world class economic development consultant and I do believe my accolades, certifications and experience is truly that of a globally respected public-policy economic development professional.
Then he focused his attention on Thomas. ‘Take your finger and examine my hands. Take your hand and stick it in my side. Don’t be unbelieving. Believe.’
Assistant Chief Constable Terry Sweeney said: “Greater Manchester Police, in conjunction with its partners and communities, is aware of the tensions in the borough that have come about because of an ongoing court case in Liverpool.
Not knowing how long I had been lost in space, I screamed out my heart when I opened my eyes and saw him. He had been watching…but, for how long? And I was naked!
I heard things I thought I'll never hear again; old people, with rheumy eyes, saying things were much better under the Bantustan government.
SH: Packing materials.
But the wind is from the North and is cold, there is frost in the moss, and ice covers the marsh
no I'm not going nuts ..I don't want to go back so many years ..(all though it will be good to do the things I never did in school and maybe undo the mistakes I made....sigh....)But I miss Anselm's where I taught for almost 5 years...
Regardless, this was not a realization I was terribly comfortable with addressing directly, rather that the oblique fashion I had always approached it with in the past. I like superhero comics. I think great things can be done within the genre while still using the conventions of that genre (while still allowing us to twist and break those conventions as we please). Yet I increasingly have no desire to read superhero comics… because there’s only so much of the same shit, different day I can stomach.
Progress can be a verb or a noun, it just so happens that both work for my statement.
The top people in Bersih, including Ambie, will be nabbed and charged in court for causing civil unrest. After all, one of the scripts read: “If there is chaos, blame it on Bersih.” One of Ajit’s servant boys has been instructed to say this.
As you all know, the last few months have been very difficult for my family. I guess I'm still a little bit shocked by the realization of how quickly everything can change, still adjusting to the reality that Victoria is gone, and still trying to make sense of such a senseless and tragic death. I've searched for some kind of meaning in her death, something I could grab hold of and cling to, some reason for her to have been born into a life she never got a chance to live. The whole "trust" thing, and Jills' words in my dream still keep haunting me, as well as the dream I had before it happened. I keep thinking there must be some meaning to it, some rhyme or reason, and I keep searching for answers. So far I've come up empty.
I have this really irritating habit of thinking about the next meal *while* I'm eating my current one. Or thinking of dessert as I'm eating dinner. Lunch as I'm snacking on my fruit.
There's nothing to beat an unexpected and unwelcome brush with ill-health to make you take a step back and decide what life's priorities are. It's easy to get bogged down in the rush and clamour (not to mention the sheer ridiculousness of human behaviour) and not see the bigger picture. Recently, I've read more than one blog post where the writer vents her spleen against the rudeness and sheer mind-boggling appallingness of internet correspondents who confuse ease of instant communication and accessibility with the absence of good manners. But. Do you know? It happens. Humanity en masse is .pretty unpleasant and a few irritating emailers are nothing to get in a state about. Just drive to work every day. You wonder what woodwork these idiots crawl out of. (The same DNA as us, as it happens.)
News journalist Mike Wallace, well known for his hard hitting questions and interviews on “60 Minutes,” died Saturday. He was 93.
You’ll need to know some of my beliefs before you read on, or this will sound (understandably) nuts.
When applying for inclusion into LAMB, I was asked a bunch of questions about my site; it seems that, in the aforementioned post, those questions and my responses were included. I think it offers a fairly good mission statement of sorts for My Life, at 24 Frames Per Second.
Ellen Oh's "The Last Day" takes a second look at history and considers what might have happened had Nagasaki and Hiroshima not ended the Pacific Theater of World War II.
I have the flowers to prove it, beautiful and already perky and revived from the sad, limpness they came home from the store with.
Our Candy Contest for T&T was a great! 70% of our 80 T&T clubbers participated.
Preheat oven to 350°. Combine spinach, ricotta, Parmesan, egg, salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Ladle about 1 cup sauce on the bottom of a 9 x 12 baking dish.
Humans are limited creatures, and we can only do our best based on what we know at this moment. To do this we need to question everything, and be vigilant, lest we get sucked into our passions, which stem from the body which will perish. But this body is part of a deeper order which we need to understand, a reason necessarily of the mind alone, but of our bones. What are the principles of the cosmos, beyond our petty, human concerns?
So, I guess that's why I'm sitting here at my computer, right? Wasting time! LOL! But while I'm here, I have a LO to show you... one I did for Spellbinders booth at Summer CHA. Check it out...
It’s too late for “return to sender” now. Poor faraway family, ignorance is bliss.
This challenge we also welcome two Guest DT's from Bugaboo, Jackie and Sandye. Here are the fantastic creations they came up with; using Bugaboo stamps of course:
Jaysus! It's been a busy few weeks. Not too long however until the summer holliers. Sun, sand and Sangria. Yes, please. Until then, I've taken to providing digests - a poor albeit legit excuse for my enforced blogging diet. As my New York brethern would say, "Eh, wadaya gonna do?" Here it goes:
I went to Lyon this past week to play some music for the best audience I have had since arriving in France. Children ages 3 to 6. The thing I love about young kids is that they don't lie and they expect to be thoroughly entertained. You can't bring your B game. If they don't like what you're doing, they make a face and put their hands over their ears and tell you to stop playing mid song. If they like it, they stand up and squeal with delight and clap their hands. It's like the Gong Show. I love it.
So I finally handed in my course work. Finished, done, on to the next one. But then suddenly (creepy danger ahead music) my professor called me to his desk.
Smiths What difference does it make? UK
OOOOOOOOOKay! Says I.
I think this one would be perfect for teenagers – a zingy, bright toggle bracelet by cathsbeadyshed, where you’ll find a wide selection of other funky jewellery:
Then there is the question of book production, a part of publishing which is often hidden. Printing sounds like it should be a fairly quick process, and for a simple paperback the physical part of the process can be fast, but many publishers will be looking for the cheapest printing deal possible, and that often means producing the books in the Far East. They then have to be shipped over here, and that can’t be hurried, unless someone wants to pay for them to be airfreighted (a request editors do not like hearing from the sales department). Arcane questions like current paper prices and industrial disputes at ports suddenly have a major effect on the pub date of your book, particularly as publishers try to print books as late as possible, to save warehousing costs.
And...I have decided to join a book club. A blogger book club. I am pretty excited! And all of you are invited to join as well. And what a great opportunity to explore and experience your local library! You don’t have to buy the book, just check it out. Or maybe your local used book store has copy that is just waiting for your love.
This is so incredibly filling and yummy! For whatever reason, I was craving chocolate like nothing else after I finished this off – I’ve managed to hold off and I’ve brushed my teeth and now I’m safely tucked up in bed so I’m hoping the cravings will be gone by the morning!
My youngest daughter was 7 on Friday so we had a birthday tee for her on Friday night with a few friends and pizza etc.
The return of the Sontarans - OK, they look a bit like rubber-moulded humpy-dumpty models in shiny suits, but they're another one of the old-school monsters who were genuinely interesting to watch. Oh, and UNIT returns in the same episode too!
However, in addition to our wonderful memories of her, what else remains is her catalog of music. But of course her handlers know that.
I picture him as underpaid, burnt out, possibly drug-impaired. When it's too much trouble finding space, he just ditches the item he was supposed to put away.
The need for explicit consent is also affected – between mother and child there is an implicit trust; between lovers this trust also exists but perhaps in a slightly different form; between a young man and his intoxicated friends it’s different again.
1/2 tspn cardamom powder
Meanwhile, prepare pasta according to package directions. Toss pasta with the spinach, roasted tomatoes, Asiago cheese and basil. Sprinkle with pine nuts, if using. (I don’t like pine nuts, so I left them out). Serve with additional cheese on the side.
I am always amazed by The Baked recipes-each one is a delightful surprise and always incredibly delicious-this one is no exception. The cake is light and airy and the icing, not too sweet but heavenly. Head over to the Baked Sunday Mornings blog and see what everyone else did. Sorry about the quality of the photos-downloaded from my cell phone-I'll update with some better ones when I get home. Bon Appetit.
5 samples
It's delicious to lie down and cover your eyelids with cotton pads soaked in chilled eau de bleuet. Twenty minutes later, you're ready to face the world again.
04 - Ballad Of A Thin Man
(I am considering throwing that damn Beyonce "Ring on It" song in the mix; again, mostly to help get it out of my head, but also because it lends itself to the shakin of the booteh.)
He raised his highball glass as if toasting the man, then took a bite out of it.
Metal detecting can easily pay for itself many times over. In this article, you’ll discover how to get the absolute most out of your metal detector, and enjoy it for years to come.
One thing our team is VERY fortunate with is that The Asylum just plain GETS filmmaking at its rawest form… and they DO support our ability in VFX to achieve the goals. When there’s a bit of software kit that makes something easier or possible, they will get it (getting time to LEARN it is sometimes challenging but we’re getting there). When we quantifiably show that a new bit of hardware will help us get things done more efficiently, they’ll make it happen (even if on a budget).
Toulouse-Lautrec and Bohemian Paris illustrated talk is on Tuesday, 24 April at 7.30pm at Chatham Community Hub.
Anything I can do to help with the, you know
Over 2.5 million tickets have been sold out of 3 million available for the World Cup, which begins in three weeks.
It's a glorious day here in London, and I'm in a springy kind of mood -- thanks in part to your wonderful support and comments on my Monday post. Time and again, I'm reminded what a wonderful community of bloggers I'm a part of, and I'm so grateful.
Others seem to possess no adaptations whatsoever. Crocodiles, notably, have good eyesight on land but pathetically blurry vision underwater.
As you probably know, Mr Williams is an extremely dangerous man. He would not think twice about your life, and will certainly silence anyone who has had contact with him and could testify against him in a court of law. He always covers his tracks, which is why he has been so difficult to hunt down.
She sings in quack time
This time it is Savills which is the agent for the sale and the Examiner reports “Savills described the bidding as competitive and recommended the sale as the best price possible”
But lately, I've got more running shoes then anything else. Just bought another pair because they were half off ... which translates to "MUST BUY"...
Wishlist for Next Year:
Stampendous White embossing powder
I so get the desperation of wanting anything, being willing to try, do, have them swallow A.N.Y.T.H.I.N.G. that would help my kids heal….
Like any writer I struggled between these extremes throughout the writing of Diary of Bedlam. It’s kind of a natural part of the process. During the worst times I wanted to quit, but I’d already revealed I was writing Diary of Bedlam on Facebook and Twitter and we all know what’s posted on the Internet stays on the Internet. There was no turning back, so I got used to the self-doubt and forged ahead.
As an entrepreneur, it’s really difficult to stay one step ahead of the times — but, so far, I’m doing it. It ain’t easy. And I suspect it’s not easy for you either. You’ve been laid off. You worry about a loved one being laid off. Or you perhaps you have “layoff guilt” — your coworkers have been laid off, but you’ve survived with a good job and benefits. And you feel guilty.
And so, the screenwriting books have been returned to the library, and I’m left to reflect on what I’ve learned, as I edge ever closer to my deadlines. Dun-dun-dun!!!
Lemon peel oil is much used in furniture polishes, detergents, soaps and shampoos. It is important in perfume blending and especially in colognes.
how fun it can be
The Manning Report at www.atlah.org
The disclosure, which prompted a rebuke from a U.S. State Department official, came from a Georgia Institute of Technology course for federal employees and contractors on infrared technology used in weapons-aiming systems for aircraft, ships and tanks. Asked by instructor David Schmieder to copy the course onto a DVD, Georgia Tech’s media staff instead uploaded it to servers.
Adjust: None. Angle: From where I sat.
Keep checking back, I hope to have these posts up within the next two weeks!
Ah btw, I'm sorry for not cutting the pics and stuff!
I do not understand why I must be ill while having to deal with a life so overwhelming.
Director: Mikhailo Krechko
You will find an array of goodies at this site. Veronica has wonderful stuff so stop by and take a look PLUS she is offering FREE SHIPPING to participants of the Blog Party!
Other supplies for blending you will want to consider are gamsol, odorless mineral spirits or baby oil. In the tutorial I use baby oil, my fave by far! Use the blending stumps with these to create soft watercolor like effects.
Kia Motors Presents YO GABBA GABBA! LIVE! THERE’S A PARTY IN MY CITY took place in over 60 cities in the U.S. in 2010. The 2010 live show played to over 300,000 fans in sold out theatres in all major cities, including Radio City Music Hall in New York and NOKIA Theatre L.A. LIVE in Los Angeles. The live show featured celebrity guest performers, including The Aquabats, Devendra Banhart, Black Kids, Zac Brown, Cold War Kids, Matt Costa, DMC (Run DMC), Drive By Truckers, Dave Grohl, John Heder, Kid Koala, Mates of State, Jack McBrayer, Mix Master Mike, Moby, Ozomatli, Shaggy, Snoop Dogg, Shooter Jennings, Steel Train, Talib Kweli, Nicole Richie, Kid Sister, Keri Russell, Lou Diamond Phillips, Jason Reitman and more.
While in Little Tokyo in L.A. a few weeks ago, my parents and I visited the Japanese American National Museum. Like most museums, JANM offered a student discount if I could produce a student ID. However, I was on vacation, and who brings their ID on vacation? The conversation happened as follows:
7 Facts:
I went over to his house one evening and he had some of his friends over. His dad and step-mom were out of town and everyone was drinking. He was drunk as hell. I didn't drink. We went to his room and he began trying to kiss and touch me. I said I didn't want to. He backhanded me. Then he said it was an accident and, "C'mere, baby." I went. He started in again. I was a quick study. I submitted and didn't say I didn't want to again. I laid on my back, stared at the ceiling or to the side, never looking at him pumping away on top of me and waited for it to be over. I thought of nothing. My mind was a complete blank. I was somewhere else. When it was over, I got dressed and called my grandfather to come and get me. Then, I stayed there until he came. My boyfriend walked me outside and I said something to him. I said, "I can't believe you just did that to me." He said, "What? We just made love."
The first day is always relaxed. The parents and kids assemble in the playground with the kids in disorganised rows for their class. The headmaster would make a few speeches as would the local priest who would bless everyone and generally there is a local politician there as well.
That's all I can really say right now. I don't mean to be cryptic but yet I must be. Just know things are going well. We're making it one day at a time.
And Katarina Ivanov had been doing just that for more than a year since. Two parts Mother Earth and one part All- Business. Audrey had no idea what she would ever have done
photo credit:Enviromom
Top with cheese and bake an additional 5 minutes until the cheese melts
Bus 31 all the way to east coast park!!
I am scared of moving on however as again it will be a new job after two years (the time I have been in my present role). And again I’ll have to explain to friends and family why I am moving again, and think up some reason to tell companies I interview at as to why I am looking for a new job.
If there’s a flaw in the film, and there is – you’d have to say that while the jokes are anything but forced – they fit in naturally and evenly – but this has caused a rather even film. By that I mean that film lacks high points, and low points. There’s little in the way of dramatic tension.
Dear Soulmate,
How often do you clean out your closet?
“I remember each evening when a screenplay was about to play, people from my hometown would crowd in front of the TV set–the only one owned by the town, to get one moment of relief from the heavy daytime labour, or to kill the monotonous unfeeling night. I was determined then to become a TV journalist one day.”
16And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads:
P is my favourite coffee place. Their coffee is the best and I know what I´m talking about, I´ve had coffee on three continents and I pay close attention to detail. So my favourite barista at P is E. She makes me coffee every week and we smile and make small talk. She is the daughter of my childhood best friend, she knows this and so do I. None of us has ever mentioned it.
And there were many surprises. For example, when I first started delving into mysteries, I came across the idea of continental drift, that all the continents had once been connected and had drifted apart. At the time, it was only discussed in esoteric circles, because the scientific community did not recognize the validity of the theory. Years later, when revisiting the topic, I discovered that the theory of continental drift had become standard.
Within Surveillance Camera Software program – How Basic safety Software program Can Safeguard Your Family Members
69 what
_IN SOOYOUNG’S ROOM_
How can we dance when our earth is turning
There was no telling how long I stood in the center of the cabin, staring at the books I couldn't touch, surrounded by cold and dust and someone else's life. And his deaths right outside the door. As long as I didn't move, as long as I didn't think about anything but the point right in front of me--the spine of a red book--I didn't hurt. (p. 54)
I looked for some boxes but I couldn’t find anything pretty that wasn’t too expensive. Then, I remembered I had seen some nice candle holders at the last dollar store so I went back to get them.
Hailed as a hero by many, especially on the social media sites, Smith was nevertheless also castigated by commentators who questioned his real motive. “The reason he’s been at Goldman Sachs for 12 years is that he liked the name and probably liked the money,” one wrote.
Other than that it is a fun little book to have in your collection and if you are considering getting a literary tattoo of some kind it is a great place for inspiration, if you don't mind the egos!
Flustered, I would look around.
STP Limited, a member of the Turner Morrison Group of company, is a leading quality driven organization for world-class waterproofing products, road surfacing products, anti-corrosive and construction chemical products. It has the second largest operation in the world in coal tar group of products. The clients have been counting on STP Limited since 1935 and since then it has been delivering result as one of the largest and most respected organizations in India.
1/2c Crisco
We believe in one God, the Father, the Almighty, maker of heaven and earth, of all that is, seen and unseen.
Biking the Creeper
One of my sons recently accused me of abandoning them when I left their father several years ago. This was heart-breaking to me as I felt the hatred in his voice, but I know I did what I felt I had to do at the time to survive. When I left, I took several of the children with me and told the boys if they wanted to come with me to get in the car. They refused to do so, so I left them with their father. I tried to go back about a year later and both their father and the boys were very abusive toward me, so after about a week, I left again. At that point I knew that they had been brainwashed by their father that I was the evil one for leaving them. I wonder what may have happened if I’d stayed. Would I be dead, or like so many others, would I have killed my abusive husband? Would the boys have grown up seeing their father’s abuse of me and believe there would be no consequences to that kind of behavior? Would I ever have started my ministry? I don’t know what the answer is to those questions, but I do know that by leaving, even though I chose not to divorce, I showed both their father and the boys that there are consequences to abusive behavior and that I would not live with them as long as they behaved in that manner. I have been blamed by some people for leaving the relationship, and blamed by others for not leaving the relationship. People often don’t understand the dynamics of a domestic violence situation and offer pat answers to complicated issues. I don’t know whether or not the choices I made were the best ones I could have made, but they were the ones I made and we all have to live with them now. I pray my sons can forgive me for “abandoning” them physically, though my heart and prayers never left them. I pray that they learn there are consequences to abusive behaviors before they have to suffer more pain in their lives. I pray that they learn to treat people with respect, whether male or female. I trust that God can and will reach their hearts with the truth and that they will be emotionally healed from any thing I may have done wrong to them. Please pray with me on this.
Next battle was at the club, La Última Fortaleza, where I can say I’m a regular now (wow, that’s a first). I played the Gondorians, and the other player had never played LotR. I taught him and I’m convinced he liked it enough to give it a serious try (meaning probably getting a plastics box and building a small force). Doesn’t get better than that, never mind the outcome of the battle.
We had some fun at my nephew’s birthday party yesterday – he’s only a couple years younger than me, but he’s seen a lot more, I’ll wager. For the fun of it, I picked up some Boulder Brewing Never Summer Ale and some Deschutes Inversion IPA. Given that the room was filled with a bunch of displaced Coloradoans, I’m not surprised that the Never Summer Ale went over a bit bigger. Nevertheless, I’m left with a couple and I’m tossing them back as I jot this post.
-cake
This year dear husband is off on a business trip that will put him close to extended family and a traditional dinner, leaving the kids and I to fend for ourselves. Because I wasn't planning a big Easter dinner, I almost forgot to put together Easter baskets for the kids (and I still remember the year my mom didn't make up baskets because she thought we were too old - we set her straight).
C. How Does JJS Compare to DFW?
AND as another surprise, we are PLEASED to have another Guest Designer for this weeks challenge!!! Our old teamie, Annette has popped in for a visit!!!! Welcome back! We are so thrilled you came to play with us this week!!! We've missed you!!! And she must have missed us because she made TWO cards for us!!!!!
Oh ,wow. Like I said, I wrote the first draft of KATANA in ’07 or ’08 (I can’t believe I can’t remember-lol). I didn’t initially seek out publication because I honestly didn’t believe that, as a person without a college background in writing, had a chance of getting her book published.
Yours, while still coming last in the rat race and laughing my way to defeat – but heaven forbid, I don’t want to imply it is anybody’s fault.
And not to mix metaphors, but isn't contemporary fashion just like a running track? An endless loop of running in circles, trying to keep up with the changing trends, and trying to keep enough cash on hand to do it? Finish a loop and discard the last loop's fashion while trying to acquire the new loop's accessories and mocking the loop before last? I'm sweating and out of breath just thinking about it.
I think locally it does, but I do get the impression that more and more branches are putting choice ahead of consistent quality when making their pub selections. The risk is that this approach will alienate the non-member buyers of the Guide, many of whom will be primarily looking for a good pint, combined with decent food and/or congenial surroundings, rather than the widest absolute choice of beer.
you were trying to do it again, have my soul locked up.
Here are the relevant extracts from those reports:
How can you ever run out of ideas when you have a food blog?
The WORLD says… You deserve the best.
The issue of equality is about the office, the park, the store, the beach. It isn’t about the bedroom. Why do foes of equality always drag it there?
You see where this is going. I have convinced my friend that we need to make small quilts. I found http://quiltingguide.blogspot.com on a digest I read. We begin this afternoon. My friend has lots of fabric squares; I’m bringing the wine.
Get involved. Scalzi was chatting with all the early arrivals when I got there, funny stories about his travel or whatever. When he started the "real" bit, he asked us a lot of questions. Did we hear about this from his blog? Did we want to hear him read from his new novel, or his next, unpublished one? He let the audience vote on it, and he then he had us all swear secrecy for the excerpt from his new book.
LUNCH/1st Dinner 3/4pm- Monstrously huge hamburgers with sauteed onions OR the previous night's HOT kimchi on top.
While the controversy around these laws has been widely reported, ALEC’s efforts to help corporate interests cut down climate legislation, renewable energy, and environmental protections are only now being heavily scrutinized. Funded by coal and oil companies, ALEC has made it a priority to stop any changes to the fossil-fueled status quo.
She said: ‘We’re using water quantities that exceed the capacity for it to renew itself.
And then there’s taste. I have enough money to buy healthy food. I have several good supermarkets and two farmers’ markets within a mile of my house. I have a nice kitchen, tons of cookbooks, and plenty of pots, pans, and gadgets. I know and love the taste of a ripe tomato, fresh off the vine, or fresh Brussels sprouts, cooked with a little garlic. Yet I also crave greasy burgers, salty French fries, and just about every other salty, sweet, and fatty food you can think of. When I read former FDA commissioner David Kessler’s book The End of Overeating a while back, I was pretty sure he’d written about me specifically. He describes a phenomenon he calls “conditioned overeating,” by which many of us are drawn to – even addicted to – “highly palatable” foods, like those we shouldn’t eat.
The two viewpoints!
The ground's made of rubber you bounce like a ball
This week, Mon and Tues I am Co-Training my very first training. I am no longer just observing. I am nervous but excited. Wish me luck. I have been teaching small sections to get practice speaking in front of people. The first time I was given a larger portion I felt really good about it. The trainees were all responsive and gave good feedback. I was feeling good…then it was break time and I went to the bathroom and realized my zipper had been down the entire time! Awesome.
As soon as the brownies were cooled and cut into pieces, I packed half of it for the freezer so that I could use them up when Jobin's cousins would visit us in Summer. The other half was used up by the two of us and our friends. But the fate for those frozen brownies was something else...we had a friend over for dinner last night and before we wore our jackets to head out for the musical Mamma Mia!, we munched on those yummy goodness! And before I knew it, I was packing up the remaining for him to take home :-)
So, here are a few pics:
With a rag on your head and a gun in your hand.
I hate haggling. I’m that person you see (and shake your head at) paying full price for tchotchkes at a Cancun flea market. Yes, I know the price I’m quoted for the ugly beaded wallet that I will never actually use is offensively high, but I’ll suck it up and pay it if it means not having to bargain for it.
Councillor Peter Bellarby echoed Councillor Clark’s call for the area to be fenced off. He said: “I have also asked for consideration be given to the erection of physical barriers which would prevent this happening in the future.”
I owe a lot to this person, seeing what she has become, and to see what she is doing with her life. It is that path many of us should take, but so little do. Its not hard no matter what has been done to us, to choose a path to help others. We need to help each other, not all get the help that is offered to others, but it does not stop those that don’t receive it to be an amazing person.
1/4 t cayenne pepper
Well at least you can see a bit of lacing. Anyway, maybe it was just that I was tipsy-bordering-on-drunk, but this was the most drinkable beer I've ever had. Not only smooth but tasty. It was very enjoyable. It's not the most sophisticated beer by any means, but the perfect beer for mass consumption to get drunk. I will miss you, Zieg!
It is hard to anticipate what the market will do but if you find something that you really like and it meets your requirements – go for it! Any hesitation may result in another buyer reaching out before you do. As for those homes that have been on the market for a long time – do not discount these as potential opportunities. Just because no one else has purchased it means that there is something wrong with it. My guess is that when it was originally listed, it was priced to high and some sellers are of the mindset that they will not reduce their price – rather, they would negotiate a low ball offer. Unfortunately, some buyers may not even want to submit an offer in fear of offending a seller. To this I say…put your emotions aside (both buyers and sellers alike), do your homework, look at the sold comparables/look at what is available for sale and move forward accordingly!
2011 marks the book's centennial.
Again, I wish I had more to say, but it was kind of a blur. Well, I’ll be back to Madrid later at the end of my trip. But really, I can’t thank my Aunt and Uncle enough for taking care of me those couple days and really making me feel at home before I ran off to Paris.
TRANSFERRED BY: Kris Sproul
Come read about angels in a whole new way!
Ignoring these embarrassing nonentities I think we need to win the argument not that trade unions benefit employers but that we benefit employees - all of whom should be members!
FREE ADMISSION! Donations gratefully accepted. Parking costs $5. 10:30-11:30 a.m. 2850 San Lorenzo Way, Carmichael. 916-489-4918
The difficulty in describing Sigur Rós lies in the fact that they are virtually peerless. You’d be a lying bastard if you said you’d heard of a band like them before. Because of this lack of reference points, we end up having to use adjectives like “swirling” and pair them with objects like “glaciers” in a contrived attempt to describe the music - Listening to Sigur Rós is like being inside a swirling glacier...? Lame. The point is, it’s an arduous task articulating what’s so great about the group’s music when one of its defining characteristics is the ability to render you speechless. You just have to listen to it.
5:00 - Susie Davidson
outside my window...
watching
It means a controlled child. An oppressed, repressed, and fearful child.
Yesterday, they actually moved our new home onto the land that we purchased. Marcus and I went out to actually see it on our property for the first time yesterday. I took some pictures and some video. They still have tons to do to the home and the land. All that they did yesterday was get it to the correct spot. I plan on taking more pictures and video as the work progresses throughout the month of August.
to the call of the living
So..I turned on my computer..and the amount of emails I have is staggering!
He said the four were also not allowed to go anywhere and were only given 45 minutes twice a week to shop for groceries.
Some people are wonderful though. Like Dr. G. He’s my favorite doctor at our clinic. He’s older, so a lot of us call him “Pops” which has always been a goal of mine…to have an old man friend whom I call Pops. He’s a lifelong Yankees fans, so we’re always discussing our teams. He continuously attempts to bring me to the dark side, make me a Yankees fan. With other Yankees fans, I find this sort of thing annoying; with Dr. G, it makes me smile.
My grandmother lost her battle with Leukemia when she came out of remission and passed away on October 1, 1983. I returned from my grandmother’s funeral in Georgia to find the usual hostility from members of Def Leppard’s and their crew.
Anyway, hopefully I'll find something new to blog about before September...
how many seconds the average community television viewer could bear to watch any of the discussion groups you’ve ever been in? I just spent two hours during which I learned nothing and enjoyed nothing—except for the snacks. Why do I go to these things? I don’t mostly, but flattery works, and I was flattered by someone who thought I had a lot to contribute, although that I knew very well that I did not.
You will be surprised how long they stay warm!
What projects are you working on these days??
Amateur footage shows smoke rising from buildings in Homs, Syria, yesterday
Michelle Sutton certainly lives up to her tagline as “the Edgy Inspirational Author” with this novel. Several times, as I read Never Without Hope, I found myself wanting to go find a fan. The thing about Michelle’s writing is that she’s not afraid to tackle the tough stuff; the subjects Christian readers want to know about, but are afraid to ask.
We need to eliminate the skills gap for other jobs that prevents the long-term unemployed from being chronically unemployed as the labor market continues to adapt and change to the new economy.
In a blender mix:
So we slept ... and slept....and slept. Sixteen hours later we thought it best to get out of our nest and join the living, lest we miss the city completely.
Max, a trained guard dog who is normally aggressive around strangers, was still shaking an hour after the incident. Evans says the dog suffered burns to his paws and the shock actually changed his color.
It was really cute just now.
On his own admission, to the court and on the secret video filmed by that bastion of rectitude, The Sun, he had been well at it for over a year.
I considered going with google ads but decided a select few blogs or businesses that I love and genuinely endorse would be a better option for me. And for you readers too, you'll get a bit of info about the people behind the blogs/businesses and maybe some special offers or giveaways too!
“the only devils in the world are those running “round in our own hearts, and that is where all our battles ought to be fought.”
This week, as Spring deliberated between frost and sunshine, thunderstorms and gentle breezes, have you by chance tasted it? Or maybe you smelled something lovely - you thought it could be the hyacinths in bloom?
“When I was arrogant, you have even been bitter that I was arrogant, rather than just noticing the arrogance. Are you offended when a frightened idiot displays arrogance, or do you just notice it?”
Once we got to the land I could see why they picked the slice of pie they did. It's a beautiful, quite place to build a home and raise all her herd of animals...and even walk around naked if her and her hubby so choose to do. :-)
People, this is where rebels and punks come from. It is time to get wise.
Review Mojo
I hope to get back to crafty stuff and decorating next week, but for now, I'm enjoying having all my kids home and four of their friends here.
This morning, producer Bronwyn Hooton told me: “It’s baffling to think that the Edinburgh Fringe – the largest fringe in the world – is censoring the art forms that appear within it, when your own Commonwealth countries do not.”
what remains?
6. Leave Your Personal Life at Home: We all work with one person who does it… He/she brings a bad attitude to work at least once a week, and it has nothing to do with you or any of your co-workers. You say good morning to the person, just to hear, “What’s so good about it?” Yea, it sucks. So don’t be that person.
To Whom It May Concern:
Fajita, found in traditional and Tex-Mex cuisine - served with tortilla, guacamole, pico de gallo and a special chipotle cream sauce. Chicken (RM34), beef tenderloin (RM45) or mixed (RM39).
* Small savings can add up, even those 25 cent coupons make a difference especially if your store doubles coupons! And an item is on sale!
There is a water dispenser on the landing, but no cups. The young man in charge brought us his own drinking mug and allowed us to keep it overnight. Clearly, cups, too, are the clients' responsibility.
In contrast, Daily Lives of High School Boys, presents a few different perspectives to Literary Girl, the first being the reaction of the high school boy who tries to impress her. This is especially evident in his romanticized response; instead of blowing her off or ignoring her, like one would expect, he wholeheartedly throws himself into her game in order to get her reaction. By attempting to meet her romantic expectations he is also able to momentarily escape his own reality. The comedic part comes in when a third party enters the equation with a more rational or realistic mindset (in the scene above, it’s another character yelling about potato chips being on sale at a convenience store).
There is Starflight 3000 by R.W. Mackelworth, which came out in 1972, and its R.R.P. in Australia was $1.25. I got it for $4.25 second hand forty years later. Heh. Also, I love the image on the back, the cover for a book called “The Destruction of the Temple”, by Barry N. Malzberg. It looks awesome. And so does Starflight 3000.
-Dust the ravioli with powdered sugar.
1 onion, finely chopped
1) This morning I woke up at 5:10 a.m. and was gleeful because I knew I had another half-hour to sleep before the alarm went off. Isn't that the most wonderful feeling?
08. Ain't No Easy Way
As the nurse left the room, most likely to go find someplace to heave, Johnny and I laughed. Before the next contraction could double me over, I said "That was really disgusting." I give the nurses and doctor credit though, they totally acted as if I had done nothing more than break wind. But yeehaw! The water was now broken and we could finally get the show on the road. The doctor positioned herself in the danger zone, Johnny settled in on the bench well away from the reaches of any delivery shrapnel, and I prepared to throw the game winning touchdown. Thirty minutes after arriving at the hospital and twelve massive pushes after breaking my water, our little Chloe entered the world, perfect and loved more than she could imagine.
We always lived in rented houses.
18 - Behemoth - Ceremony of Shiva
Pick 6: Rams
John Steil’s photo contributions and commentary, are most gratefully appreciated. He is an artist and and also author of Public Art in Vancouver: Angels Among Lions: 500+ Works of Art to Discover. http://www.johnsteil.com
Note to aquarium owners: do not dump water or live plants into the Delta from your aquariums. This weed is an aquarium plant. Do not add to the problem.
I seriously don't think I could handle Wordpress with everything else.
When calling or email Pixie Vacations, please ask for package code WG7 for FREE Dine or NF3 for FREE Quick Dine.
Most of these options are self-explanatory. I just want to point out two options: the _sans generic font type and the Use device fonts rendering option.
Paper: Antique Cream Narratives by Karen Russell (Creative Imaginations), Cream and Dark Grey cardstock, Cream vellum
Note: I have tagged this outfit “Man” even though Gandalf, of course, does not belong to the Race of Men.
Let’s face it, South Africa has become a hell hole for white people, the constitution bare no relevance when your skin is white. By daring to utter this statement, I will be labelled a racist. If only the world could wake-up to the lies and open their eyes. We are alone!
them in the bottom of a large bowl.
Madonna Into the groove US
There will be no problem once he ends up in the human zoo in the second part – his problem there (though not mine as the writer) is that he will have too many people to contend with. The same holds true for the third part of the book when he escapes. So there will be only about sixty pages where he is alone.
The reward has increased ninefold to $45,000 in last week’s deaths of a rare white buffalo, considered sacred by its Lakota Sioux owner, and its mother on a ranch near Greenville.
93. You’ve Got Mail (Tom Hanks) – Another Meg Ryan. She’s adorable.
Typically speaking, a few of the foods to avoid are fats, those high in refined/processed carbohydrates, sugars and stimulants which include caffeine. This really is not purely simply because they cause you to gain weight; it’s because they may cause havoc in your complete system; excess refined sugars, for instance, can stress your endocrine program additionally for your digestion, which can cause you to sensing exhausted. Unhealthy fatty foods, like those created with processed oils and saturated fats, can layer your intestinal wall and can outcome in much less food getting absorbed into your system, so cells are provided with much less power, leaving you feeling exhausted.
Josh: No, I'm bad but you think I'm good.
MONOCHROMATIC
For the record, I don't agree with Barbara about the irrelevance of talent. I believe that some people start out with more innate verbal, visual, and imaginational ability than others, and can benefit more from practice--just as some people start out with more athletic or mathematical or musical ability, and benefit more from training. However, even the greatest genius risks failure if he or she doesn't do the work. Just about any writer can benefit from the techniques suggested below.
With this in mind, I'm always afraid I'm going to kill hamsters if I own any. So of course in these weird hamster dreams, I own a bunch of them.
"As they rose, the sun rose with them as if they were racing for the top of the sky. Its warmth welcomed them, turning the dark skin of the fiery balloon a beautiful midnight blue. They flew straight up. Above them, the sweet, clear music of the lonely pipe, the only sound left in the whole world, drew them on until they prepared to hit the very roof-top of the sky itself. Then the smooth sky puckered into cloth-of-blue and drew aside for them, like curtains parting. The music called again, and they passed straight through."
I'm not poking fun at The French, but it's hard for them to say the "th" sound. Apparently, it's one of those sounds, like rolling R's that should be learned from a young age. Anywho, pretty much anyone who has tried to do a French accent knows to do the Z's on Th's.
I love the people I work with.
members of the SAPS have repeatedly failed the government's firearm
Learning Outcomes; 1,2,8
By the end of the first Writing for Children course I’d written a first chapter. I would probably have then lost momentum, worried about plotting and research if Amanda had not persuaded City to let her put on a level 2 course. I took the 10 workshop sessions as a series of deadlines and started writing. By the end of course 2 I had 60,000 words. My classmates were fantastically supportive as I flooded them with multiple chapters. Their comments were insightful and helpful. I had a first draft of my novel finished a month after the course ended.
However, there’s no doubt that it was I who stared us on this particular voyage of exploration. I was the one who let on that I enjoyed receiving a nice bite. And I really do; there’s something on a pure, physical level that’s nice about a little pain; it wakes up the nerves and the psyche. If L bites down on a nipple to get me going, or if she pinches and twists when she wants me to come; it generally works. It’s the combination of the sensation, the surprise, and strangely enough, I believe it’s also knowing that she cares for me enough to go against her natural instinct to be kind.
I started reading food blogs as I was interested in cooking and soon tried and tested many recipes in my kitchen. It contributed too many friends including Nithya who responds even if they notice my absence through blog articles.
The average life expectancy of a man in Iceland is 79.4 years, compared to 78.6 years for men in Japan.
The Hungarian bar staff apparently also double as breakfast waiters. Mr Young and I wait ten minutes to be served, but anticipating the inevitably amazed, “Coffee? You want coffee?” is too much for me, so we go next door to an Italian cafe and have bacon and eggs and cappucinos. For half the price.
Dress: H&M
MTV is revamping their annual Movie Awards. They’re dropping some categories and adding others to try and give them some credibility. Out are Best Villain and Best Jaw-Dropping Moment. In are Best On-Screen Transformation and Best On-Screen Dirt Bag. Hey, Nicholas Cage has a chance at winning a movie award, after all.
So he just gets let go from his job.
Here you can see the tshirt that looks exceptionally cute with a long handle shirt underneath that disquises my jiggly wing-like upper arms.
Thompson’s undoing stems from erroneous biographical ­references to a bachelor’s degree in computer science from Stonehill College. He earned a degree in accounting from the school, based in Easton, Mass., and the information is correctly listed in eBay regulatory filings and some Yahoo news releases. Yet the incorrect degree showed up in Yahoo’s April 27 10-K filing, as well as on the company’s Web site.
He doesn’t look comfortable with it, and who can blame him?
So, guys, the determination button has been pushed and the gears are starting to turn.
These days, market is flourished up with many leading providers of communication products and systems. NEC is continually developing products that help both in ensuring corporate security and productivity in their day-to-day affairs. There is hardly any industry vertical where the unlock nec mobiles of this notebook will become a perfect notebook for me. But for you which think the nec mobiles e616v of NEC phone means that businesses will be accompanied by a multiple of the nec mobiles e616 but is necessary, useful instruments for any repairs, caused by you or casual.
We got Jack
At the moment I am reading The Golden Notebook. It’s my second reading, this time because it’s going to be the book for this month’s book club. I’m still not sure how I feel about it. It speaks to me in many ways; so many of the central themes are things that concern me still today. The situation of women in society, the desire to make the world a better place, the difficulty of trying to make your life the best it can be, the most satisfying it can be, whilst not knowing how to do that, but most importantly the business of being a writer. It is a challenging book, and not altogether an enjoyable one.
this is early on in Steurmer's Ponty days and some of the best I've heard
After doing a bit of research on buying a cheap tablet I went for this Tabtech and what surprise!!! I think its fantastic for such a cheap device. Its great fpr my needs such a web surfing and vids
Rich graduated from Radcliffe College in 1951 and was chosen for the Yale Younger Poets Prize for her first book of poetry, “A Change of World.”
G texted: “makes you want to vom.”
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspHaymarket to Kirkcaldy
The operation did not go as smoothly as we all hoped, Deions tummy was in a funny place apparently, so they had to open him up and do the gastro externally. He was only supposed to be in theatre for an hour and a half, and I was climbing the walls after two, then the surgeon rang from theatre to say they needed to cut him open and it was still another five hours before I could get my hands on him.
There are two schools of thought about a Greek default concerning Spain and Italy. Portugal and Ireland are separate less systemic issues. In the one school, contagion increases and Spain and Italy come under pressure. The Germans are making preparations for this eventuality. In the second school of thought, a Greek default lessens pressure on Greece and Italy as Greece is seen as “a special case”.
Falling joblessness in Germany underscores the widening gap between the resilience of the euro-region’s largest economy and the so-called periphery. The nation’s adjusted jobless rate slipped in March to a two-decade low of 6.7 percent, according to the statistics office. While the 17-member euro-region economy will shrink 0.4 percent in 2012, Germany’s economy probably will grow 0.7 percent, according to economists’ forecasts compiled by Bloomberg.
If you find any other examples, please let us know.
Please don't be mislead by the title. You do not have to be a *Mom* to utilize this valuable information. This book covers everything from food storage to evacuation basics. I poured through this book making note of everything I didn't know...and nearly every page is highlighted.
However, Keith's ratings notwithstanding, I greatly appreciate his efforts. If you don't give out trophies for "Worst Person in the World," do you at least have an icon I could display on my blog?
*Name has been changed. Barely.
with some blocks.
* Please feel free to interpret the sketch to how you see it, remember your layouts MUST be on Kraft CS or Kraft PP..
He said the birds are raised in more humane conditions than most poultry and are shipped in individual cages.
* Undermines trust in the patient-physician relationship.
Notice which of those lines is longer? Yup, the one about setting.
So what do you think? It's so hard to commit to just one colour. Any suggestions will be gratefully received!
Of all of Tim Holtz's stamps, the David head is definitely Dan's favourite. He feels it's such a versatile stamp that can be used in so many ways and he's given David a dinstinctly 70s look on this card! He was stamped on white, kraft and brown cardstock and then combined from parts of each. In addition to the School Desk and Artful Artifacts stamp sets, Dan used the Destinations card stack, Memento Black ink pad and Walnut Stain distress ink.
If you polled Americans you would probably find that almost everyone would agree that they could use more money. The problem is how to get your hands on some. That’s why it is important to know some wealth secrets and apply them to your life.
In January I asked his Neurologist about new treatments? Nothing was new. I asked “What do we do when the pain is so bad he cannot take it?” The reply “Call and I will get you set up with a nerve block.”
Just what we need.”
Director: Henry Hathaway
Well that's the chapter on beer types finished. Now onto the one on specific beers.
William and Cheryl brought Tony Dovolani in for their paso doble. William told Tony if he messed up for Tony to mess up, too. That's the strategy he said. This was a hot paso! Hot!! Wonderful! The judges agreed. Score: 27 = 57
Here are pictures from 4 different snakes yesterday:
Gaddafi’s cover was almost blown back in the year 2000 already during the Lockerbie trial, when the BBC reported that a key witness claimed he was related to a Libyan king and that Gaddafi was involved in an international “Masonic” conspiracy of some sort - (news report here).
I’ll take that one, and make sure I concentrate on slowing it down Saturday morning.
I can't remember if I said it would be for the Cricut Screens (a single PDF document that you can print to have all the Cricut sample image screens as binder pages or which you can upload to your iPhone, iPad or other electronic device) or the Gypsy Screens (all of the sample images in individual JPG files that you can copy to your Gypsy photo album).
04 Chuck
It was in Austin, a city that suited him well, where he figured out how to do both. He came here to teach after grad school, and to find a partner, to make a life. The life he made was transformative-- for him, and for those of us who had the privilege of being his close friend. The transformation came in the form of Anna Carroll whom he met in 1982 at the party of a mutual friend. John’s gentleness and sweetness found a home in his partnership with “the amazing Anna” --as he liked to call her. The early cynicism gave way to the unusual openness and acceptance that characterized John in recent years. To the inspirational way he remained focused on the present, uncomplaining and positive, when he had more than his share to complain about. To the beautiful welcoming smile always on his lips-- even when he suspected he was dying.
Now I have seen some quarters who have “listened” to their leaders and influenced by the lies the mainstream media pushes to them, most of them believe in the same reason :
“Until her call, all I had remembered about that accident was that the passenger in the other car had been reading a novel called Dead On Arrival. The book was open, in the footwell, as we removed her body.
No, silly, not *that* time of year. You know, it's the time for "we celebrate Hanukkah and I'm worried my kid might be traumatized that it's not as good as Christmas!" articles to start popping up all over the landscape. And believe me, there was a time when I worried over exactly the same thing.
As you can see on the label of this single Soundioulou even goes as far as to claim that he is the composer of the Malinké classic "Maki". It is not very unusual for artists from African countries to claim the authorship of a traditional song, or even of a song composed by another author. Vicky Longomba of the O.K. Jazz even went as far as to claim "El Carretero". Most artists defend their claims by pointing out that they are the author of the particular version.
So, it's been a month since the announcement of Jenna-Louise Coleman as the new companion and while we'll have to wait another month before she starts filming and we learn her character's name, one criticism of her casting that has gotten my back up is this little groanworthy gem ...
6. I love to travel and often go by myself. I love to go to B & B's and to visit wineries. My next destination I hope will be San Antonio, Texas this summer to visit the Riverwalk and Six Flags. I am trying to visit all the Six Flags, I have been to 5 already!
Our teacher lead us through what GD is and then explained that most GD can be controlled simply by eating carbohydrates in small amounts spaced out over the day. We got a basic meal plan to follow:
A state of mind that is particularly apt to descriptives that encompass the philosophical aspects of Buddhism. I have witnessed those surviving within the animal realm, to whom the meeting of the most basic needs are the order of the day and to whom make it through the passage of time to another sunlit marker is a triumph of the will as well as an indication that dark destinies have been defeated once again. I have also met those who seek higher ends, fellow seekers along the path, also culled from various stratum and realms of societal production, brought together synchronicitously to share in the sublime joys of spiritual work and potential growth.
“Also, a Ghanaian former witchdoctor once told me his seed had life-giving properties. It appears to have worked.”
11 Marquee Moon
And that’s one reason the NCAA struggles so much with rules violators. As Infante puts it,
So I am always on the look out for fragrances I like and that my family will keep their pie holes shut about. The problem is I don't like florals much or vanilla or "clean linen" which normally leaves me with apple cinnamon.
Until that encounter becomes real to us,
If we do away with capital punishment, I want people who would otherwise be on death row either to be put to hard labor or to be put in solitary confinement so they never see another human being face to face again. I want murderers to suffer as much as their victims suffered, but their lawyers will prevent that. No matter how many Supreme Court justices are appointed by Republican presidents, we keep getting these pro-criminal, anti-victim rulings because our law schools are designed to produce lawyers and judges who care more about the accused than they do about victims of crime.
I went there to take some pictures the day after Christmas and it was almost empty.
When I came out, my hubby informed me that our worker had called. With a placement opportunity! What??? We weren’t even certified yet! We didn’t have beds yet! What did she say?!?!?!?! She had told him about a sibling group of six children, ages 8 months to 13 years. He then told me that really she had only asked if we were available for four of those children, as they had found someone who would take the oldest and youngest already. They were Hispanic, and were currently split up in three different homes. Wow. That was a lot to take in. We spent an hour in prayer and talking about it before calling our worker back. The interesting thing was that my hubby’s devotions that day just happened to be the story of Moses, and how he was rescued from certain doom by someone not his mother; what amazing things did God do with him?!? What if God wanted to use us just as He used Pharaoh’s daughter, to step in and parent some children that He wanted to do great things with? We called our worker and asked her if we could just come by her office and meet with her.
Sakhri and Hangam prepare to tape a skit spoofing Kabul's waste disposal department. In the skit, the actors made fun of people going to the bathroom in the streets--surprisingly frank for Afghanistan's more conservative culture. Like satire shows in the U.S., almost nothing is sacred.
I’ve said this before, but now I have even more scientific proof that a few minutes outside can change your perspective.
Hey, y'all. Nope, I'm not dead. Nope, I didn't give up on Gimlet. I just pray that y'all didn't give up on me. I swear I am trying. I just have this tiny distraction that lives with me AND am starting a new job very soon. Yay! So...poor beloved Gimlet has suffered. I know. I hope I am not talking to cyberspace alone.
So why do I mention all this in the context of Die Hard? The majority of that film's interest, I'd suggest, comes precisely through its depiction of architectural space: John McClane, a New York cop on his Christmas vacation, moves through a Los Angeles high-rise in basically every conceivable way but passing through its doors and hallways.
... The curtains are finished, I'll share those with you soon too... Here's a sneak peak:
10 push ups with opposite arm/leg lifts at the top
Abiola Irele once delivered a now-famous lecture aptly entitled "In
In Torah we follow the story about the creation, the first humans, G-d’s covenant with Abraham and his descendants, the Exodus from Egypt, the revelation at Mt. Sinai (where G-d gave us the Ten Commandments), the wanderings in the desert and after 40 years of toils and hardships, the entrance to the Promised Land! Shortly, the message of the Torah is the absolute unity of G-d, His creation of the world and His concern for it, and His everlasting covenant with the people of Israel.
that ObamaCare's requirement that Catholic institutions must insure
I looked into the rearview mirror to see mom walking back to the car. The time had just flown by. Lightning flashed and it thundered loudly. I saw mom visibly flinch and hurry to the car.
Pan, 2007. ISBN 978-0-330-45079-9. 443 pages.
First of all, many thanks to all participants for coming to play with us in the "C for crochet" challenge!! We have seen so many amazing creations from so many talented girls.... it's great!!!
* a few pictures of my family
So, the first step for determining what was what was to have a needle aspiration biospsy. This wasn't a horrible experience, but it was a bit uncomfortable. The results came back inconclusive. Sigh. So my next choice was another needle aspiration in conjunction with an ultrasound or surgery to remove half of the thyroid. I chose the surgery. It seemed to me that another needle aspiration would just produce the same results and I'd still need a more conclusive measure. I chose to bypass the needle aspiration and just have the surgery. I wasn't really gung-ho about surgery, but I thought it would be better to just bite the bullet and find out. I will tell you, though, that I chose not to have it until I got back from our Christmas trip to Ireland (more on the trip later. It was a blast.)
So while all these knotweed concoctions have been quite exotic, exciting, and tasty, I think I am done with knotweed for the season, having eaten it almost every single day since I got to Maine. I was going to try a cream of knotweed soup, but no, I think I'm totally OK with not eating the stuff for a WHOLE nother year.
I'm trying to be patient, baby boy. But this whole experience is really stretching me (pun not intended, haha). I've basically been waiting for a baby since December of 2009, when I found out I was pregnant with Stevie. You'd think after over two years, getting through these last few days would be easy. I'm just so freaking ready to be done with the waiting!
Happy Thanksgiving!!
In our family we did not completely follow the pattern of roast on Sunday, cold on Monday, shepherd’s pie on Tuesday, rissoles on Wednesday… but we did have all those things. Cold meat (mutton, beef or pork – chicken was a treat) would be served with jacket potatoes or mashed potatoes, or at the right time of year, new potatoes and sometimes we might have chipped potatoes (not chips.)
I think I've been remiss lately because I haven't told you how much I appreciate the fact that you choose to read my blog and to take time out of your day to leave me thoughtful, genuine comments! I know how frustrating it can be to never get any sort of response or to feel unappreciated and the last thing I want is for YOU to feel that way. Because I appreciate you guys SO much. And to show my appreciation I do my best to always respond to every single comment and to visit your blogs and leave you comments too! But, I haven't been so good at just coming right out and saying how much your words mean to me.
It was very much a minority style, though there was probably at least as much choice of different brands as in Britain today. Though, as I recently posted, lager accounted for about 20% of Barclay Perkins output. The bigger profit margin Lager offered was beginning to attract the attention of the larger brewers.
The FABULOUS rug on the floor came from TJ Maxx ($39.99 for a 4x6). It's seriously one of my favorite things in the whole house. (FYI- It comes in different sizes, and in black and red too!)
Saucy Italian Roast - this is super quick and easy!
The reason Greer and the protestors and I and my ex (I heard he had a breakdown after my novel was published) were all so freaked is this: novels are not fact or 'information', but they are more powerful than either because they deal in emotional reality. My ex's novel told not the truth about me but the truth about what he wanted to do to me emotionally as our relationship was deteriorating, and my novel did the same in turn. I knew even as I was writing mine that I was doing him an injustice, but I knew too that the couple I was conjuring were not us but a symbol of my notion of a certain state of affairs between men and women. One has only to compare the two books to understand how little fiction is about factual reality, however much it may seem to be (and however even the author or his or her lovers and friends think it is), and how beside the point it is therefore to blame a novelist for getting the facts wrong.
PEPSI truck. Wow, product placement.. Especially with the huge banner afterwards.
Rumours have since linked Chamakh with a return to his first club, Bordeaux, where he spend seven successful years. Judging by Chamakh’s crash in confidence and Bordeaux’s poor form since the Moroccan’s departure, it may the best move for all parties concerned.
Gregory: For parents with young children
As for the cast. Quite frankly, the cast of Angelic Days sucks. All of the unique characters that made the original Evangelion interesting are replaced by one-dimensional shells of characters. You have the average joe main man, the shy new girl, the grouchy but loving childhood friend, and more. If you’ve ever read a romantic comedy manga, you’ve met these people already, just not inhabiting the Eva cast’s bodies. While arguably an alternate universe has the right to reinvent characters, they should at least be reminiscent of the originals in ways other than name.
Surely, we’d all be a little happier if we made fitness the priority and looking good the byproduct.
you were ascending
Serve with goats cheese and crispy bacon.
Why was he arrested in the first place? The British police HATE self-defence
The exodus is likely to accelerate. California has declared war on the most popular housing choice, the single family, detached home—all in the name of saving the planet.
"may our house never be too small to hold all of our friends."
For work purposes, I keep my Airstream down in Texas, over the winter, and use it as my base camp. I’m right in the heart of downtown Houston. It has all the sounds of a big city – sirens, cars whooshing by on the adjacent freeways, giant power lines, trains pulling through in the middle of the night, and the rumbling sounds of small diesel trucks driving through the RV park to their designated spots. The RV Park is way beyond trailer trash – in fact, it’s quite upscale with a pool, gym, wi-fi, showers, and security. It’s near the MD Anderson medical clinic – a certain percentage of the guests (at the RV Park) are undergoing treatment for different types of cancer. Staying in one’s own trailer enables a family to preserve their dignity, have privacy, eat their own food, and even have their pets along, which provide good therapy after a day of chemo. The set up works good for me because compared to any hotel I’ve stayed at (and I’ve stayed at all of them), I often strike up conversations with other tenants and even made friends with a retired couple who sold off everything and live in their Airstream full time.
Coastal NC
½ tsp Freshly ground black pepper
Unlike cleaning gutters, weeding, etc, hiking is a very enjoyable way to partake of this beautiful time of year. Back to nature where things are simpler, purer, cleaner, a chance to clear your head. A enjoyable safe environment, or is it?
Parents and carers can be held responsible for what happens on the family computer even if they are not themselves engaged in illegal activity".
M.S. 113 is located at 300 Adelphi Street between DeKalb and Lafayette avenues.
The Joshua Project by J.Scott Harden is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 3.0 United States License.
The relationship between artist and dealer is a complex one. In the following true-life conversation Art or Idiocy? takes an in-depth look at the intricate nature of this complicated back and forth in the case of scheduling a studio visit.
The day after Doogie's procedure, I was sorting clothes to wash, and Steven's things were all wet. Soaking wet. And stinky. I realized that someone had been going potty in Steven's hamper. *sigh* I am so over doing stinky, urine-soaked laundry! I did more than enough when we had Calvin.
The Everlasting God, the Lord, the Creator of the ends of the earth
Anyway, Fire with Fire introduces us to Jeremy, a firefighter who’s so dedicated to his job that when a bar goes up in flames, he runs in to save a case of scotch for he and his buddies. In other words, if you can’t take the heat then take the scotch from the kitchen.
And here’s my two cents on the same issue. I actually wrote this a couple of years ago when it was first discussed to introduce a constitutional amendment for (or rather against) gay marriage. It was posted on my old blog and is recycled here…
Manager looked at me and then realizing that unsticking a shopping cart was way beneath his pay grade, grabbed the first teenager in a store uniform he saw.
These numbers mean a lot to me. Not all number of people are my loyal readers (of course) but it still makes me feel really good. When I see a huge column in my statistics it makes me feel so happy. I feel that maybe some post helped someone or even gave inspiration to stand up (or keep sitting lol) and do something that he/she always wanted to do. After thinking about it I always start feeling like that:
It also does no harm to get your plot down on paper, and then give it a few days to let it mature. It's never an immediate process. It may be different for every writer, but for me new thoughts and ideas always suggest themselves later on, when I've had time to ponder. It's certainly not frustrating - that bit only comes later, when you're waiting for your producer to tell you all the funding is in place.
~Heart Pumpkin Directions~
her, but the word grew into her and
It's no surprise that the sour beers of Flanders are on the endangered species list. Very few make authentic sour red (or red/brown) ales, and none make them the way Rodenbach does. (De Struise, though it makes a tiny amount, produces a totally traditional, wood-aged sour called Aardmonnik that gives me hope--it's authentic and an exceptionally good, complex beer.) It is almost impossible to imagine any brewery will join Rodenbach in the near term, either. If we could designate breweries "world heritage" sites that could somehow never fail because of commercial pressures, I'd put Rodenbach at the front of the list. In the world of beer, there's nothing like it, and we are fortunate indeed it has survived the vagaries of wars, depressions, and modernization. If you haven't had a bottle recently, go find one and remind yourself what a remarkable beer it is.
garlic powder (optional)
Have a wonderful Easter!
Some of the red hot favourites had cooled down considerably and the juries chose to ignore the disco hits from Germany and Belgium, who had already had their heyday in the international charts. Instead a piece of classic French chanson stood the test of an extra five weeks and won through in the end after an intense battle with the home team, while Sweden ended in last place with a tribute to the legendary Beatles.
he arrived.
This is a big weekend for Gene. He turned three score a few days ago and on Sunday, he’s running the New York City Marathon. I called to wish him a Happy Birthday, but a phone call seemed too ordinary to celebrate such a momentous occasion.
For all of us: Though the days are long, the years are short. May we treasure the good ones and run down the clock on the bad ones with humor and love and friendship.
You can see my "box" for "Today I saw the Hand of the Lord By" (above) and "My Personal Weekly Scripture Mastery" box. I just use Word for my journal, and add text boxes and pretty pictures throughout.
PRiSM members organized several GLBT-friendly events for Coming Out Week which took place Sept. 20-24, including a Safe Space Training presentation.
the car is medium blue
Canadians never had a “Canadian dream” so we/they don’t do a lot of hand-wringing over the loss of it. They’re used to higher taxes and lower salaries. They don’t have a constitution offering the promise — or the tantalizing lure of — happiness.
For instance, a prospective seller could engage an agent to do detailed valuations of a home and then arrange for viewings. But the owner may change his mind or refuse to sell the property to a buyer who is willing to pay more than the asking price.
Eventually it'll cool down enough for rock, and then even water to rain out of the atmosphere. Note that there's still some modest debate about why Earth has *so much* water...some people point to a continual barrage of comets. Other people point to those first people and laugh.
Growing up, and in my twenties and thirties, I was adamant that I would never wear a fur coat. All those supermodels claiming “I'd rather go naked than wear fur” had it spot on as far as I was concerned. “Why oh why would you wear the skin of an animal when there were perfectly good man-made alternatives available?” was my take on the matter, and I stuck to that argument. It wasn't hard, mind you; not only was there next-to-no fur available in the shops I frequented in London, but it's easy to be holier than thou about these issues in a climate where it rarely gets colder than minus 2 Celsius.
Cochran, G., J. Hardy, & H. Harpending. (2006). Natural history of Ashkenazi intelligence. Journal of Biosocial Science, 38, 659-693.
Isn’t art, in part, about stretching the boundaries? Can’t it be about making us think? About making us evaluate what it reflects — a society that would even think to participate in such a cruel endeavor? About shocking us with our own realities? Those seem to be not just lofty goals but also functions of art. Art both represents how we are as well as how we might be — both good and bad.
You can fight the other reader for him.
( although it does )
This is what I do when "drastic" measures are required.
Other experiments:
I left these jugs in the shop behind my cashier (who also happens to be neighbor lady)......and went back in after awhile and yelled
And I’m thinking maybe these things are saying, “There’s this weird place in the woods where these creatures show up in these weird things,” and they may be as curious of us as we are of them, but from that standpoint they do this ritual attack. Of course, that terrifies everybody. They run off, they try to shoot them.
Inside the theater, a quite elderly couple spied our light-colored beers and asked about them. (The gorgeous, warm day called for pilsners in our view.) We struck up a nice conversation and turned them onto Bayern, which has carved out quite a niche in Portland.
Regarding Archaeology: “The site contains priceless artifacts dating back over 4,000 years. These artifacts should not be disturbed for commercial purposes or to satisfy the curiosity of archeologists and scholars. If and when Musqueam is ready to investigate the archeology of the midden it will be when we are in charge of the investigation and in control of our ancestral heritage—not to have our heritage shipped off to some academic institution outside of our control as has happened so often before. For example, artifacts and human remains from the Marpole Village Site have been sent to Vancouver, Victoria and New York museums as well as the Royal College of Surgeons in London where they were destroyed in a bombing raid. Musqueam has stated that investigation of the site, even by competent archeologists, is still desecration of the site. As stated above, it can and must only happen under a plan approved by Musqueam, at the time and pace of Musqueam, under our control and in accordance with our cultural protocols. The current development plans would destroy and remove a large portion of the site. Little meaningful data will be collected and stored, leaving the site destroyed.”
That’s what’s coming soon, you see: A mandatory vaccination policy which will no doubt cite this IoM report as being a “credible” and “scientific” review of all the evidence concerning vaccines. Such a claim would be, of course, completely laughable if it weren’t dealing with life and death issues.
Now the days are filled with lists..
My kids have also been reading, writing, interacting with 3 generations of people, experiencing a culture that is noticeably different from the one they usually live in, exploring the resources of a house and city other than their own, watching TV and movies, exercising, watersliding (whole lot of physics at work at your local waterslide park!), doing random math-problems-with-a-purpose, and eating new foods. They’re also gaining experience in coping with loss (experience a protective mom might have preferred they wait a lifetime to gain), and they’re watching a variety of adults cope with loss in a variety of ways.
Total Pages read: 526
It's Sweet Pea Stamps' 3rd birthday/anniversary.
I also colored the background and applied a thin layer of glitter glue. The dangling sakura is from CL-8 (Friends Cling Set)...I punched a 1/16" hole and attached it to a jump ring. Attach to the bottle using a foam dot...and you're done!!
Assuming you could evict these people, where do they go? Do they begin to draw Housing Benefit to subsidise private rentals? The same local authority which evicted them from its housing may find itself paying their rent a few streets away. It is neither practical nor politically acceptable to force people to relocate to other areas or cities – what local authority would take them? If they are denied Housing Benefit, and find themselves homeless, are they also placed outside the local authority’s duty to house them?
How long would consolidation take? Specifics haven’t been released, but Hultin told the students, “Poly will serve as the engineering/technology school arm of NYU the start. The entire process of becoming a formal school can take 3-7 years depending on many factors.”
Then about 6 days ago, we saw evidence of a rat. We think there is only one. Ok, honestly, we HOPE there is only one...but it has been ALL OVER...on counter tops, on the dining room table, in the cupboards...it sends chills up and down my spine to even think about it.
Hello peeps!
I should fone.
Then I Laid the Table.
These three unborn children will always be a part of me and I love them, wouldn't trade their brief existence in my life if I could. They shaped the way their live siblings came into this world. (And might I add here that I happen to be pro-choice and am not trying to romanticize the biological realities -- clearly these pregnancies would have resulted in much wanted children.)
“I felt it was ironic coming from a person who was talking about not bullying,” she said.
Just keep your human cast in pre-fab Helium and those Tharks in some distant subplot, and your sequel is already half made. And, yes, you’re probably still kicking yourself for letting Stanton move forward without a big name star. But now that plays to your advantage. Kitsch and Collins are cheap. All your costs are capped.
Specialised - The real-world ostrich is a true specialist, highly adapted to survive in hot, dusty African grasslands. You might not be at risk from lions when browsing the web, but you are still very focused. From your test we can tell you do best when you concentrate on one task at time, rather than several things at once.
The city itself was different from any other I’ve been to before, apart from obvious reasons. Being perpetually high, I suppose helps. We stayed in a little hostel opposite Grasshopper which was like a three-story building or something with a restaurant, a coffee shop and some other fuck which isn’t clear in my head currently, it was a stone’s throw away from Baba’s, another shop which I’m sure I went to on more than one occasion.
But the thing about hitting rock bottom is that you finally hit the ground and then you just have to hold your breath and wait for the bounce.
AND a HUGE inventory reduction sale on Itty Bittys'
Who was William Sheakpere
There's no other way of putting it: when you no longer want to wallow in a pit of despair, when you're ready to face the day again; when you know they're an idiot, you've stopped crying and just want to bloody get on with it, you can guarantee there'll be a little heart pang ready to hold you back.
2 T. cornstarch
Not one country efforted to stop this travesty from unfolding.
As thrilling and exciting as applying to law school and picturing my future can be at times, it is equally nerve racking and stressful. I've been pouring over the top 100 law schools for at least 6 weeks...comparing strength of programs and national mobility and tuition and median scholarship grants and cities and teacher:student ratio and application fees and first time bar passage percentages and 9 month after graduation employment rates and likelihood of acceptance. And I still sit here with a list of 50+ schools...which is unfortunate since I don't have $4000 just lying around to put towards application fees for all of these schools. While schools have officially started accepting applications, I don't even have a final list of schools that I'm going to apply to. So yeah...that's where I'm at right now.
No, the purists hanker after proper beer mats that advertise ales of some sort or gild the lily of some brewery or other. But even keg mats, unappealing as they may be aesthetically, will do in a pinch. However, pub chains such as Wetherspoons have hastened their decline and even my local keeps them on the bar for discretionary use.
The Felicity Cowl is a gorgeous design that uses Road to China Light from the Fibre Co. (a shop fave) and is a relatively quick knit using just 2 hanks.
You find this ceramic shop between Hasedera and Kotoku-in. If you are walking towards Kotoku-in as you face your back to Hasedera, the shop will be on your right. The shop sells cute handmade Japanese ceramics.
Ad infinitum.
It’s like Jormungand knows that we have to care about its characters in order to want to watch, but it can’t quite nail down how to make that work for anybody but the lead. Not that it’s a huge issue at only three episodes in, but it’s going to have to do better than this in the future in order to avoid falling into the trap of having me berate it. I want to learn more about Jonah’s mixed feelings toward Koko or how his past led him to be dragged along; I don’t want to see him struggle to do math with the same placid expression that he has when he’s just sitting around doing fuck all.
Leo says he watched the figure for about 3 minutes, took all his photos, and then observed the figure go into a thicket of trees, only to never appear again. The group watched for 10-15 minutes but no sign of the person ever appeared. The tourists all laughed and joked about it having to be some idiot professional climber with a dress fetish, but Leo knew what had seen. He had finally seen Mildred Packer himself, though he said nothing to the tourists around him. Leo says that he went and added his own encounter to his Mildred Packer logbook.
Colossians 3:2
* Biochem can be levelled on your starting world, which may provide some handy credits but is not stricly necessary: all the nodes on your next world will be level 1 anyway and it levels pretty fast.
(Please know that these are my opinions and views. I’m not trying to single out my opinions as fact. I’m just stating my thoughts.)
8) Beast
A poet pours out rhymes, similes and metaphors
My favorite site that we visited was the Saadian Tombs, which date to the late 16th to 18th centuries. They were absolutely gorgeous (see pictures). According to my Eyewitness Travel Guidebook, these tombs “constitute some of the finest examples of Islamic architecture in Morocco.”
I have an appointment in town today. May as well bring along the camera. Want to do some shopping but alas nothing strikes my fancy. My wallet must be happy. Hehe.
I popped into Specsavers recently for an overdue eye exam. For four years I’ve been dodging ‘reminders’ to get my peepers tested; convinced that although short-sighted, I had the bigger picture in view. There was no way the windows to my soul were going to be clad in glass. No way. No how. Until now...
Now, many people on my ‘friends list’ reported being on lockdown. Ive watched countless groups be deleted. Ive watched countless people make new profiles. I was waiting for the day it would finally happen to me. The time has come. I was just blocked for 72hrs for posting a picture of a Celtic Cross. Facebooks explanation was that “some may find this image offensive”. The Celtic Cross has been a symbol of Christianity for more than 2,000yrs, the orb representing Jesus Christ. And it could be offensive according to Facebook.
Jillibean Soup Apple Cheddar Soup Labels
It was Joseph’s fault, but anger still rose hot in his throat against her for the burning. He walked straight up to her—yes, she was there in the room! her back turned toward him, her face to the oak wall. He grabbed her shoulder, and turned her toward him—but try as he might, he could not see her face.
That's right, carefully encased in plastic, my medallion has metal from one of the spaceships that landed on the moon.
One of the boys mentioned that it would be great to contact her. Well I told them....WHY NOT???
The offloading process soon started and it became clear they were ill-equipped to get 1 tonne pallets of coir out of the back of a container on a big truck. I was asked if I could find a trolley jack that could fit under a pallet. An hour later I had to give up – they were all too big. I decided to let my blood pressure drop and went off to have lunch. I got back and they’d refined the system a little and were making better progress so were finished by 3 p.m. I paid the assistant and turned to the driver.
And out of that ginormous belly came our perfect little baby girl Sophie
2. in your mixer, beat together butter and sugar, about 5 minutes, until light and fluffy
Alternative Voting is not aimed at improving democracy in Britain. Rather, Mr Cameron and Mr Clegg’s sudden conversion to AV is an indication that they have now fully comprehended the meaning of the British National Party’s recent surge in vote totals — and are desperate to undermine democracy even further.
Sammy was dressed like a little army man, yesterday. He was not in the best mood in the morning, but when I picked him up at daycare, he was in a WONDERFUL mood. I got lots of hugs and kisses. One of the best parts of the day is when Daddy gets home, and Sammy loves to run to him for a big bear hug. It really warms my heart. I love my boo boo!
Unmindful of implications that
e.e. cummings’ life story is one of love, loss & words to describe the previous two. His life was perhaps no more tragic than any other and he suffered no more loss than anyone else, however he allowed his emotions, love, and observations to pour out in the written forms of poems and plays.
She just doesn’t sell it. Davies is beautiful in The Red Mill, with delicate, tapering features and big eyes; catlike—the camera eats her up from the start. Her smokiness never ebbs, even in moments of humiliation, yet her acting is broad and declarative throughout. The combination doesn’t work. Pickford, also lovely, had a way of subsuming her looks to the role, redirecting her onscreen magnetism to suit the situation. She could look bad without being bad-looking. Davies seems unwilling or unable to do that here.
Bag: H&M
this one is bookworm fairy by hannah lynn.
Oh look! A list of conventions!
2nd square hat is on the way...may miss it if the business trip is postponed to end of Oct. But hopefully not..
Stress and Strife;
Leave off things like snakes and bugs, and unlikely events like the water supply being poisoned by the loon living on the corner. We’re trying to get at underlying currents here, not the superficial stuff that we worry over consciously. These are often things that our Ugly Mirrors are doing LOUDLY, so it makes us really uncomfortable. Look at your mirrors, look at the people you draw to yourSelf. Write write write, and maybe color, take a nap, cry, and write some more.
PS: Yes, I’m listening…
Is that a fact? Well I have heard of another list on the Green Arrow site listing Liars, Buggers and thieves, maybe he should start a separate list for cheats as well, and far as I know very few of them have been sacked from their jobs. Why the anomaly?
Hey, I can see that last image bares a passing resemblance to a marijuana leaf. For the novice, the gross difference is a marijuana leaf has five “blades” opposed the eight wings in the artwork that my demon sprouts. The passing resemblance may hinder my marketing effort or help the artwork blend-in at the marijuana dispensaries where I left free bookmarks with the Pazuzu Trilogy home page. There is one place in Los Angeles where I have books available in the waiting area for sample reading. Marijuana dispensaries?
Here's my view, the same as always. If Dirigo is a good idea for Maine, for all of Maine, then all of Maine should help pay for it. If the anti-tax petition makes no proposals for that, well, don't blame them, blame the legislature for using excise taxes when they should know better. Excise taxes on anything suck. They are inherently unfair. If I'm going to be taxed, it's only fair that I know everyone is being taxed; not at the same rate, but taxed.
I never got my hands on those luscious pastries in the tea room. Marlene paid for the herbs and promised to come back on the prescribed Monday to pick up the Kyphi Oil. She also solemnly promised Riva that she would bring the finished Beboodle to Lavender House for Riva to see before she sent it off to Junior. My stomach growled and grumbled, and I no longer felt like shopping for anything; but Marlene dragged me up and down the narrow, brick sidewalks of Whiskey Springs to buy material, paints, and jewelry for her intended Beboodle. Thanks to Riva, we also had the name and address of an old, local farmer who had just the right kind of eggs for the ground egg-shells that supposedly had to go into the Beboodle as well. By the end of the day my feet hurt and I was starving.
‘To be honest, I would have expected people to lose interest a long time ago, but I was gonna stick to what I have to do anyway,’ she explains, nursing the first of several cups of steaming Earl Grey. ‘I do feel very lucky that people are still around and still interested.’
Add in a stint on a hit TV dance-off series, a cozy local coffee shop, a narcissistic rock star and a protective big brother to make KISS ME, DANCER a sexy, heartfelt and fun read.
When we see a beautiful flower or natural scene our heart is warmed. We may not credit the Higher Power or the Life-force for creating it but we do feel a little love and this brings a little more joy to our lives. The Almighty doesn’t care if we appreciate It. It wants us to benefit form Its Divine Love which it gives unconditionally. There is a constant stream of beautiful moments happening in our lives but many of them we miss. We are too caught up in our busy lives to stop and see the beauty and love around us. Out lives keep us distracted with its stresses and pressures preventing us from allowing our love to flow into those around us, our work, our environment and our interactions with people.
(We are beginning to suspect Coco gets motion sick in cars. Fantastic!)
8. Platinum Collection - Queen
For the few bib scenes, rating 3-4 only.
Velvet
Tribal Sexual Assault Services Program - Provide direct intervention and related assistance to victims of sexual assault
Whew - are you still with me - I hope so 'cos now here are our dt projects from my fabulous Deezine Team. Drum roll please.............................
But not everyone is standing by. Richard Friedland, the chief executive of hospital group Netcare, said his staff were now treating more than 80 babies, some premature and critically ill, who had been abandoned by striking nurses at various provincial hospitals across Gauteng.
I'm going to assume you spent the Christmas break thinking to yourself,
You can cook vermicelli right with the masala or cook seperately and later add to the cooked masala and mix.
Should be interesting — and maybe you'll be able to score a signed copy of the book, which would make a great gift for the Brooklynologist in your life.
~ Hope when I felt none.
A fortune cookie I read the other day said, “Cleaning up the past will always clear up the future.” Much of my grief has been about cleaning up the past — coming to terms with small every day betrayals, with dreams that never came true, with leftover worries. I have cleaned up the past, gradually worked through those conundrums. What is left is the habit of dwelling on the past, and that I can let be. It does neither of us any good.
109. Naomi in the Middle: Norma Klein
out your window.
So, I make friends, and don't really keep in touch.
The devices and their proliferating cheaper imitations have drawbacks. At school-run times, some London pavements resemble racing tracks, as tiny speedsters weave and zoom…. But the benign impact on traffic and carbon emissions may offset such annoyances.
to see if we could leave by 11 am since her kids
whilst I roll that thing up.
I’ve never done a detox before.
On April 27, 2012, legendary bond investor Jeff Gundlach gave a presentation to a group of investors at the New York Yacht Club. The title of the presentation was “Getting There”.
Length: Short Story (52 pages)
In the desert
Onto my card for today~ I've been inking up some new images I bought recently and decided to give this cute little skater girl a whirl on the ice. I chose some paper from Basic Grey's new "Marjolaine" collection- the leaves in the background pattern look almost like funky snowflakes. The background papers were stitched together and distressed on the edges a bit. I realized I had stitched the argyle piece down before deciding to add punched borders, so I added some stitched ribbon to cover the transition zones.
I went to my WW meeting, then we met our friends for brunch.
- Ummm, the Louvre. How can you not? I didn't share any photos of our visit but we scurried through every last exhibit and it was wonderful. Oh, we also enjoyed a quick lunch at the cafeteria in the Louvre - have to say, it was incredibly healthy fare and incredibly zesty and flavorful. Definitely recommend.
I can't heap all the blame for a lack of vision onto the Government though, schools and teachers need to shoulder some of it too. Coincidentally, over the last 3 months, I've been visiting schools and talking to headmasters, one of my stock questions is "what strategy or plan do you have to take advantage of the changes to the ICT curriculum?" - guess what, not a single school I spoke to has a plan (at least not one that the Headmaster knows about anyway!) Most of the time I get a goofy response like "Oh computers, don't know much about how all that stuff works but aren't iPad's wonderful" - PATHETIC!
There was beer available too - this made the sun a bit more bearable. Then the dignitaries arrived, on horse-drawn carriages. They did a lap of honour around the rink and settled in front of their box. A special door was opened in the side of the rink and they ascended to their box:
1 area
Either way the choice is yours.
Eight years ago at about 7pm Michael and I were speeding toward Piedmont Hospital and I was cautiously thinking "Well, this labor is not too bad." A complete change of opinion and three hours later, my littlest girl made her debut. All nine pounds of her. I can't believe she's already eight!
HOPE...
Stiff peaks. Nice stiff peaks. They are the secret to perfect meringues. Hell, they’re the secret to lots of things. But that’s not the kind of blog I’m writing. Back to food.
“I can't and anyway she's not there. Come on.”
It's been exactly one year next week, when I was in NYC on the Gossip Girl Trip Win with my friend Belinda. We both feel in love with that place and we feel hard! I know I want to go back so badly! I have been entering every sweepstakes that offers NYC trip as a prize. In fact, I even went to Sephora on Thursday because they were offering a NYC prize in a promotion that was only open for three hours! It was also only open to their VIB (Very Import Beauty Insider) members, which I am. So I am keeping my fingers and toes crossed on that one! I would imagine the odds on that one are good, because of only having a three hour window open to enter and also only being open to a select group doesn't hurt either. The only negative about that night? I spent *way* too much money on Benefit cosmetics! I just love their make-up and I enjoy collecting the different sets that they come out with.
It’s been a long night of outlining contracts and making charts so I’m off to bed for a nap before restarting this day, Good morning / Good night world, thanks for tuning in, come back later for more awesome.
Building on the original theories of Nicolaus Copernicus from 1543, scientists were able to predict and record the transits of both Mercury and Venus in the centuries that followed.
Wincing slightly? Auslander doesn't pull his punches. 'Anne Frank' is a decaying woman driven to depravity, infuriating her host to the point where he can think the most appalling things ('Six million he kills, thought Kugel, and this one gets away.') and we cannot stop ourselves laughing. But his greatest creation is Kugel's mother. Every morning she wakes the house screaming (having read somewhere that this is something Holocaust survivors do), and her conversation often ends with the muttered phrases 'ever since the war' or 'those bastards.' Kugel himself has long ago learnt not to challenge her on her status as a survivor. The lampshade that she placed by his bed as a child and which she claimed was his grandfather was impervious even to young Solomon's observation that it had 'Made In Taiwan' stamped on the bottom - "Well, they're not going to write Made in Buchenwald, are they?"
Firstly, that I think that a Conservative has expressed an opinion, albeit not one he thought he was acknowledging in public, which could be considered libertarian.
I’ll deal with my own emotions, myself, thank you. But, indeed, the truther theories, with planned demolitions, phantom planes, and vast networks of conspirators, are almost exclusively garbage.
I screamed, "I want an epidural," to which my mother curtly told me that she could see the head and I was just going to have to deal with that. Thanks mom. My sister, crying because she couldn't stand to see me in so much pain but refusing to leave my side, quietly sobbed and mopped my forehead with cold wash clothes. My mother told her to get a hold of herself. My mother is doting like that.
And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever; Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you. I will not leave you comfortless: I will come to you. Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also. At that day ye shall know that I am in my Father, and ye in me, and I in you. He that hath my commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me: and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him. John 14:16-21 (KJV)
Visited the last day of the Gainsborough Landscapes exhibition at the Holburne Museum last weekend. A small but very interesting exhibition, surveying Gainsborough’s landscape output, his antidote to the drudgery of portrait painting.
The Airbus A400M has been delayed again and the earliest the RAF can expect an in-service date is 2014, with deliveries unlikely to start until a year earlier, some seven years later than originally promised. That is a period longer than the whole of World War II. Possibly the in-service date may be even be delayed until 2016, with the aircraft grossly overweight and not fully "mission capable".
Sept 24 – What’s Up Lounge – Mankato, MN (Headlining)
AC: Is there some local and/or organic requirement for the food?
In addition to obeying line of sight, the archers also seem to adhere to the minimum range for bows. Most of the time. I had one pop an arrow in my chest from about 10 inches range. Still, you can see how this archer just stands around while we slaughter his infantry support. This archer, and his brethren, went down soon there after.
The ruling African National Congress party has however lodged an appeal against this decision by Lamont in the Constitutional Court.
you should have given her more freedom and trusted that she would do the right thing.
Domaine Begude is a stunning spot outside the village of Sépie just north of Limoux. You travel hopefully along a winding road, which apparently forms the boundary between Malepère and Limoux. It is a windy spot, with undulating vineyards at about 300 metres altitude. James has planted some Viognier in the warmest plot at 260 metres, and he has also planted some Gewurztraminer, with a first vintage anticipated for this year. He finds that he is making less and less appellation wine. You get more sunshine here than in Limoux itself as it is in the warmer Mediterranean terroir of Limoux. The altitude however compensates for the warmth, giving you fruit and acidity as well. James practices organic viticulture and he has the genial Australian winemaker, Richard Osborne as his consultant. He also produced the interesting figures that Limoux has 24 independent wine growers, as well as the enormous Sieur d’Arques coop and the smaller Anne de Joyeuse coop. The two coops account for a massive 90% of the production of Limoux.
Plus, I kinda think I caught Khartoum. The other day I was all vomitey and hurtey, but they still made me workey because I'm still poorey....So naturally I assumed I had spinal menengitis (because what else could it be!?) But then I remembered that I was on yet another "lose weight and be healthy kick" that included doing this workout video from that snotty biatch who trains Madonna and Gweneth Paltrow and she made me do what appeared to be 2,368 crunches with your hands behind your neck (which in Michel's exercise world means your neck is gonna hurt) -- SOOO, I figured that maybe it might not be menengitis.
So when I saw this book, I thought it could give a more human picture of Indian religion, and I was not disappointed. I had previously read William Dalrymple‘s From the Holy Mountain, and, as an Orthodox Christian I thought he managed to give a fair picture of Orthodox Christianity, so I hoped that he would give an equally fair picture of Indian religion, and that his biographical approach would give a reasonably accurate portrayal of what these religions mean to those who practise them.
Be Nice to the Doctor on Call
A Shakespeare’s sonnet,
2. Blockade of American shipping.
The cooker has pre-programmed settings for six types of rice and did I mention that it's dishwasher safe?
1 scrap
Equipment: Gibson Les Paul, frizzzbox/VCS3 synthesizer with digital sequencer, modified Revox A77 tape recorder.
The roses, metal corner and Vintage Seam Binding are all from Wild Orchid Crafts. The button on the Seam Binding is from The Hobbyhouse.
I remembered a pin I saw on my favorite place in the world and thought I’d attempt to make my hair look as gorgeous. (You’ll have to go look at the link to see the picture. I think it’s that picture that is giving my post problems with posting.)
That's all for now, I have a home study visit in less than an hour!
As such, this story, the first product of my recharged battery, shows how important words and language are in describing and changing our lives. As you can tell, I like it
I’m not as scared about that anymore, because the Tucson school board has been clear that it didn’t want to put a stop to ethnic studies in general, but just to Mexican-American studies. So it’s regular old racism we’re dealing with, as opposed to broad xenophobia. I don’t know if that’s better or worse than if the school board also wanted to shut down the African-American history and German classes.
I had to go back and learn how to be still. I had to learn an economy of movement, but to be immensely focused. To stop intellectualizing and instead make everything physical and be present and alive in the moment, which is completely ape-like. Apes are more sensual and tactile than we are.
Her family lives in Dothan Alabama, and that's why she's here-It's hard to live in New York with no job and no money, so she moved back to her home town to get her feet back on the ground. Her family is rather peculiar, being of Irish descent and a prior military family. Her father settled in the local area after his military career where he completed a second career as a local police officer and detective. Her mother has worked on and off over the years whenever need but mostly just spends her time supporting the local Catholic Church and perfecting her superpower.
Whenever I'm having a bad day I always turn to David Garrett, so much so that I'm actually a little worried that one day I'll begin to associate him with my annoyances.
all images from american apparel
(Phone rings in the background, Mom picks up: yes, but he’s busy cuz he’s on the phone with AJ from Bali)
But then a book or two down the line I started to think rewriting might not be so bad after all. Not just tweaking mind – a proper rewrite. My opinion of rewriting changed - due to a few rewriting success stories.
The sun just blinks, then folds again
About April 1993 the woman had a chat with the man in his cubicle, and said that she and her husband were considering abortion because they had terrible doubts whether they could decently care for a second baby, but she really didn't want to do it. God, through the man, talked her out of it. The man still insists it wasn't he, it was God using him as His voice.
Genre: fiction - thriller / crime
back to the story...
Now who's going to help keep me accountable?
* Carefully pull the vacuum out of where it has been stored. You know you want it.
76. The Replacement Brenna Yovanoff
Ironically, he didn’t look that young! Around 27-28. I controlled a giggle thinking he’d still be called young when he’d turn 80. Then the laughter went away. Like a slap on my face, the fact stuck on my brain, I probably wouldn’t be alive to watch the old Young. So why was I acting so bitchy all day? The day was taking its toll on me. But I had no right to be so mad at people.
The feast of the Dedication was then taking place in Jerusalem. It was winter. And Jesus walked about in the temple area on the Portico of Solomon.
This hobby began a few years ago. I started buying books at thrift stores and reselling them online, namely, on eBay. They may be books on subjects from Indian basket weaving to pipe organ stops – subjects I know little to nothing about. But they are rare finds, small treasures to the discerning eye. I’ve enjoyed finding them, buying them, and turning my bargains into wares.
1 fail
He asks me to come with him, but I can’t because I’m broke. And very sad. I go back to Chicago to look for a job, and Dave promises to come see me there in nine months’ time. I don’t believe him.
Steven Finn, for instance, is quoted as saying -
And just now I got the blog for Illuminated Manuscripts ready for action and put my first post up. I'd love it if you guys would hop over there and let me know what you think. I'm open to any feedback you have. Criticisms, suggestions, whatever. And if you know anyone that needs writing or editing services, keep me in mind!
It's been a while since I've been around here....as usual busy as a beaver working on orders and coming up with new ideas. I've updated my web site with some new goodies this week and more is on the way!!
Dr. King made it clear the struggle was not against whites, it was about creating a loving and just community, a Beloved community, where everyone is given dignity, equality and love. For Dr. King it was not about an “us” and a “them”, it was about building a community of love and justice for all, here in America and in the world as a whole.
Tuesday, July 12: Starting at 5 p.m., Boondoggles will tap a cask of Divine Reserve No. 11. One dollar per pint will be donated to TCH IBD Clinic. Then, starting at 7 p.m., Petrol Station will tap a cask of Brown Ale, barrel aged with cherries. All proceeds will be donated to TCH IBD Clinic.
The very next day, one of my dear friends, Juli, who is a horse owner and animal lover, came over to check on the poor animals and to take photos. She showed me how the horse had developed a skin infection, which is why the thing had big bald spots, and that it was clearly depressed. Juli took her pictures straight to the Humane Society, which had previously approved of the horse’s living condition, to show them what had happened to the animals.Those photos and Juli's impassioned plea did the trick, and they were on the case.
Two things have happened during my online silence that have been significant. One, my husband Lon gave me a Kindle for Christmas, which I didn’t ask for and wasn’t sure I wanted. (He actually got it as a gift from his workplace and was delighted to pass it along). I wasn’t sure if I would like how the use of it would change the act of reading but I quickly discovered how much more easily I could engage with a broad selection of material and make it my own. On Christmas day, I found a gem of a book in their 99 cent bin. The Life of Pi is almost a decade old, but somehow I had missed it. That small but magnificent story, flipped through as if by magic, returned me to the all-consuming reverie of fiction, and the sure knowledge that there are people in the world with the courage and imagination to bring the Word of God to life in wholly original and unexpected ways. Bless you, Yann Martel.
I had a lovely dinner in the evening, with most of my friends. We ate at a place called My Bar My Grill. I had calamari!! I love Calamari, tubes, grilled and with butterlemon sauce. And chips. It was just divine. And so much cheaper than I could ever dream of it being in Norway. But that's just how it is when you come from Norway. All of a sudden you can afford things, like a bottle of wine with your food.
Please address and submit documents to:
That’s it for now. I did some research on Cochise and the tribes in his region. Some of the info is in the book, along with info about the desert, endangered species, and other “things Arizona”. Let me know what you think with the comment box below and go to www.annrichduncan.com to see my books, including “The SEED” (the one this work-in-progress follows).
At the same time, my mind is also accessing personal memories and feelings – the feel of sand between my toes as I walk along the sand on the Gulf of Mexico; the sound of pebbles under my walking shoes as I strode across the beach at Dover; the fresh salt smell standing on the Atlantic coast.
I got to combine my two favourite things, fabric and making pretty pictures.
