7 Do you like flowers better or trees? Wow, that’s a hard one. I really love flowering trees, especially fruit trees. I have come to a new appreciation for these during my time in Oman.
Messite J. Guidelines on pregnancy and work developed by the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology. J Environ Pathol Toxicol 1979; 2: 319-323.
The pillow was made of a fabric that frayed very easily so I decided to use just a bit of it to applique the belly and ear patches of the mouse, and let it do just that - fray. For the rest of the mouse I used quilting cotton in coordinating fabrics and filled it with the stuffing from the pillow.
* 2 chicken breasts cut into bite sized pieces
5. Rio – 3:49
As all of you know, Dom has been a key member of the Department of Athletics leadership team. In 13 years of service to the university, Dom has elevated and expanded athletics development, including directing the expansion of the Athletic Director's Club and the Colonials Club, leading the annual golf tournament and spearheading numerous other fundraisers. The programs he began will continue to support and enhance the student-athlete experience for many years to come.
yet still original in his own unique way.
Nechtan’s Golden Age had begun and it looked as if it might continue forever.
Once upon a time:
Gapard would try to fight, but the vectors would be too col to even touch the levers. The Cherubim would take this advantage to freeze Gepard. Meanwhile, Andy would dig deep enough to find one part of the legendary Aquarion hidden in the earth. Before Andy realized what he did, hot water would gush out from the hole and shoot to the surface. The warm water, with bananas included, seeped into Gepard and created a warm hot spring with a mixture of the heat of the water with the substance of the bananas. Not only that, Mix, Yunoha, Malloy, Zessica, and Mikono would find themselves inside Gepard as well. With thanks to the warmth, Gepard deassembled and turned into Evol. Here, Evol would launch a multiple infinity punch attack at the Cherubim, revealing the shape of a bunch of bananas before destroying the Cherubim. Although they found one part of the legendary Aquarion, there were still more to find. As Mikage states, the better parts of Aquarion were not found yet.
Justin Vall. His energy was extraordinary. Just like the music, so
For me, at the centre of surviving the demands of work and family is emotional connectedness, without which we would drift like constellations, connected to each other, but far apart in separate orbits in the sky. I’ve come home every evening these past weeks and turned exhausted eyes to the evening moon, watched that bright star right below, and felt that it seems so simple for them, with their set paths and measured distance and similarly celestial light. But really, their silent sharpness is deceptive. Stars are living intense, fiery lives just like us. Just so, life is full of intensity through which we continue on our own and on our shared path as celestial beings.
Also I’m working on my Christmas presents for this year. Today I have Knitted Bags to put my gifts in. I make mittens, scarves and hats to put in the bags…but you can use them for anything. They make a lovely package with a homemade gift tag or card.
Today another challenge starts at the "kleuren met Derwents en Prisma's blog".
Bobby never went to any of the post-season meets but I think he could have really made a name for himself at Kinney (now known as Footlocker). After losing to Aguirre at State, Martinez went to the Kinney Nationals finishing just a little outside 30 seconds of winner Matt Guisto. Bobby had so much left after winning that last State Title I think he could have beaten Martinez by the same margin at least.
Got this she wolf appetite that keeps me up all night (She Wolf? Is this the an alter ego for Shakira / Her dark side of possession?)
(*I hate the term 'ghetto,' unless it's used to describe an Eastern European or Italian city's historic district for imprisoning my co-religionists.)
From a survival perspective it also has the significant flaw of being less of a priority compared to more populated regions. If money has to go to fix roads, if help has to be sent or if internet connection has to be improved, will they do it in the 1.000 population town or the 100.000 population one first?
Happy Monday everyone and if you are home today because of Presidents Day…enjoy! I am doing a project and then taking most of the day off…I’m claiming it as my Saturday and enjoying it a bit. Hubby and kids are home and I’m recovering from Texas trip and the 8 teenage boys that ravaged my house last night. Don’t know what I’m talking about…well then read post below this (or click here) for a laugh at my expense yes, its ok LOL. Seriously I need a break from incidents or else I feel like I might DIE heehee…boring is GOOD…I want some boring ok, so if you have some extra send it to me.
7. Who was President during World War I?
I know, right?
Just up the row from LaFungHi, there is an awesome stall called Farm Fresh Shellfish where they not only sell fresh shellfish including oysters at reasonable prices, they will also shuck them on the spot for you - if you are in the mood for brunch that is decadent only in taste - they are only $2 each!!! (Last time I went they had Fanny Bay and Endless Summer ones) There's a little table set up with lemons, cocktail sauce etc. if you're so inclined. I personally love the purity of oysters that taste untouched and only of deep ocean, so I'm happy to gulp them down whole right off the plate as soon as they're shucked - no toppings.
My mother waited in the waiting room while Dr. Seissman performed the exam. A few minutes later, my mother was called in to translate. Jovita, you see, only spoke a few words of English. My mother entered the examination room and found my grandmother sitting up, looking confused, and Dr. Seissman looking equally bewildered.
Mom and I were decorating the tree today. No way we can do this without my Christmas Classics CD blaring in the background. I've been listening to this mix for years, and it's one of my favorites. So, this year, I couldn't help taking one song and dissecting it for you all.
Is there a book of mine you've heard about? Been wanting to read?
Several long minutes I watch, listen
05. Halo
This is just the latest in a long line of assaults against the British people which must have told people what was happening, but which they have tried to ignore, because of that damn British fear of making a fuss, which used to be a strength, but is now a potentially fatal flaw. Be in no doubt that, if we don't make a fuss now, the next thing they do to us will be even worse, and will not be the last.
﻿Thanks again to everyone for their support. With the fundraisers, church donations, donations from friends (which we just got another one! wow!), and Ordinary Hero (which we did not get the $500 grant, but that's ok.) we have raised a total of $2,397!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AMAZING!
martial dirge,
This was how the ottoman looked when they hired me. It needed an update with more current fabrics and a new skirt style. Notice how tight the pleats on the skirt were.
Tomorrow’s Reading – 2 Samuel 22-24
The farmer, Abraham Oosthuizen (35), a crop- and cattle-farmer on the farm Grootlaagte near Schweizer-Reneke, told Beeld newspaper that was attacked Friday at around 8pm after he had offloaded workers at their homes. He parked his bakkie in a car-port about 15m from his homestead and had just climbed out with some documents in one hand, and his .22 shotgun in the other, when three black people stormed towards him and fired a shot at him, he told Beeld newspaper.
You come in to look for a king
For an easy closure, I punched out circles from coordinating cardstock and added a decorative brad. My closure panel (with the jester hat) slips right between the circle and bottom of the brad for a nice stable closure.
You’re exceptional the way you are you, don’t need to change for nobody…Whether you believe that….YOU ARE… You are nothing but exceptional.
6.) ZZ Top - Beer Drinkers and Hell Raisers - I'm dreaming of an ice cold Lone Star
Chocolate Cake:
Jennifer Falk, the Union Square Partnership's executive director, said Croft's group is off-base. "The project will provide enormous benefits for our community," she said in a statement.
I will explain my thought processes and reactions in detail as I go—
My stomach and salivary glands spontaneously went into overdrive secreting gallons of digestive juices in preparation for receiving the item illustrated in glorious spotlit panoramic technicolor on the four-foot-square wall poster.
I was writing my eco SF romance when I heard some bad news on the radio! YIKES! An incinerator was to be built in Granny's town! And they called it 'eco-friendly'?? What to do? The whole point of my book was to not just 'look away', but to take action!
How does a CEO explain merger and acquisition to a Labrador Retriever?
Full of unexpected surprises,
Ink: Distress Ink broken china, weathered wood (Ranger), Copic markers
I originally tracked this movie down years ago after hearing a radio clip of general William Westmorland saying: “life is cheap in the Orient…the Oriental does not value life like WE do…”.
But come Monday, my day job sees the complete opposite. There are no try hards in my Monday to Friday. No arseholes, no lonely faces and no tears of regret. During the week, it is my job to celebrate love, togetherness, one-ness and warmth.
Hundreds of police officers have been deployed to secure the mining area.
March: Kent Henry, Uriel Jones
I did however join an online writers' forum, writewords, once I was serious about writing the book because I knew absolutely nothing about the publishing industry or how it worked. It's a fabulous source of good advice from a whole host of people, from established authors to people just starting out on their journey into writing.
We were desperate to get out of the rain and wind, both soaked through and shivering with cold. We had been wandering around in the darkness for what seemed like hours, but in reality was nowhere near as long.
So I've finally been getting the wind back in my sails as far as spanking goes, and really anything scene related. I suppose the break was a necessary evil for me to regroup and refocus and now I'm feeling ready to get back into things again. I have placed my session application back on my website and for anyone who desires to have a professional session with me please fill it out. As I'm unable to travel at the moment, I will only be accepting sessions in the Topeka/Lawrence/Kansas City areas of Kansas.
Almost entirely unrelated to this week’s recipe, I came across this charming website that explains all the British culinary eccentrities to the non-Brits among us. Mainly aimed at those living in the USA, it’s a great read if you want to have a laugh!
If it sounds like I’m making fun of Pinterest, YOU ARE WRONG!
Pretty much another squash match between Bray Wyatt and Aiden English. However, Bray Wyatt, formerly Husky Harris, might have fallen into a character that I like for him. This whole southern boy with a crazy streak, burning up his daddy and looking like he’s from the swampy areas of Florida, oh yes, this is the character he was born to play.
The point of this post is to help you see the importance of my family in my life. If you are considering taking a social media break, do it. If you are feeling like you are not good enough, crafty enough, not a good enough cook, and know nothing when it comes to interior decorating...don't feel that way. I promise no one is as domestic as Martha Stewart. In fact, I'm sure Martha Stewart isn't even as domestic and glorious as she seems!
Once on a yellow piece of paper with green lines
Today we are looking at Acts 27:24. Paul is telling those who were in charge of the boat, his communication with the Lord. “Saying, Fear not, Paul; thou must be brought before Caesar; and lo, God hath given thee all them that sail with thee.”
I tried to concentrate on Aliza's bat mitzvah, then on this conference - next will be full attention on the wedding...though I'm not sure what is left to do other than clothes. The invitation is at the printer. Life is shifting and yet, this is a gentle shift because Lauren has already been part of our family and though Elie will move out, he will thankfully still be close. So - for now, mad preparations - for happy occasions. Here's that funny post in the meantime - hope you all smile....
I actually don’t mind the track depending on the workout, but I think running speed work on the roads is better practice for road racing. You do have to be careful though because on the roads there are cars, potholes, etc.
Apparently, 52% of those polled would choose to come out of Europe and 72% want there to be a referendum on this issue.
It being 3:45am I almost went crazy and bought them in ALL four colors but reason piped in so I didn't... Or because it's 3:45am I ignored the voice of reason when it told me to buy all four colors. Crap.
First Entry: Leave a comment on THIS BLOG POST answering the question: "What is your favorite vacation spot?"
An Internet meme is an idea that is propagated through the World Wide Web. The idea may take the form of a hyperlink, video, picture, website, hashtag, or just a word or phrase, such as intentionally misspelling the word “more” as “moar” or “the” as “teh”. The meme may spread from person to person via social networks, blogs, direct email, news sources, or other web-based services. An Internet meme may stay the same or may evolve over time, by chance or through commentary, imitations, parody, or by incorporating news accounts about itself. Internet memes can evolve and spread extremely rapidly, sometimes reaching world-wide popularity within a few days. (Wikipedia – Internet meme)
OMGWTHAIDOOB - Oh my god what the hell am I doing out of bed
I haven't written in forever. Summer has been crazy! I will post more about that at another time. What I wanted to include today is a link to this blog post because it kept me motivated for today. I love the first few paragraphs of this post. As I've been training for my upcoming 3 Day walk in Atlanta, I've gone through many ups and downs with my emotions about the event. Most of it is excited anticipation, but sometimes I get a nagging doubt about "can I really do this?" Well, I have come to learn that it really doesn't matter if I actually finish those 60 miles or not, but about why I'm there in the first place. I have placed a huge amount of pressure on myself to complete the 60 miles, and I know some of my family and friends really want me to finish it as well. But I'm honored just to be going at all! I've now reached my minimum amount needed to participate ($2300) AND I've also reached and surpassed my goal of $2500! I'm so very blessed. I read as a status on Facebook today: "Walk strong. Walk happy." I love that! I've been needing a mantra to keep me going, and that just might be it.
Besides Mayall, who sang and played piano and guitar, the musicians who recorded the original tracks were:
“But these are the stories of triumph, of perseverance and sheer willpower that lie behind every Olympian and every Paralympian. And that’s why these Games are important, you guys."
Revelation 22
Adding Lead Oxide allows the production of detailed cut glass patterns.
-- If you have to ask what jazz is, you'll never know.
But the tables are likely to be turned now.
Since the Tru Tones break-up, Hinkson has had a successful solo career and toured across the world."
While flocks of iron eagles, swooping low,
The state has approved proposals for several zones, including one around the University of Pennsylvania and Drexel University that was submitted by the Science Center, Penn, Drexel and BioAdvance.
Maybe I will feel more positive tomorrow and hopefully I won’t have fear running through my mind keeping me awake.
Yesterday was Earth Hour 2012.
I reached back into the cupboard and managed to pull out a container – possibly an old soap dish – and I filled it will cool water from the tap. The second I put it on the ground his nose was in it, his tongue graciously lapping up the refreshment. We repeated this three times, and on each occasion his shaking subsided a little more. He was becoming more relaxed with the environment, more used to the sound of the power shower, more trusting of me.
Living to sit on fire escapes,
I do not work in a panelled room, I stare at a blank wall and I write straight onto a Mac G5. My hair, as once I had envisaged, is not in a neat and classy French pleat, my clothes not beautifully tailored Chanel. I am a scruffy, slapdash individual who never ceases, not for a day, not for a moment, to be glad and grateful that I have this new career at a time of my life when other people are beginning to think about the funeral plan and the bus pass.
Put your spice mixture ingredients into vittles processor and grind perceptible. Dice the offensive meat. Marinate the diced yellow meats squirrel the spice glue, canola oil and lime liquor for about 10 hours; hop will stage preferred. Spun wool meat dices on to bamboo tickler. Grill for 2 - 3 organ each side. Engage in not cold-shoulder to brush your meat ensconce marinate and kecap manis during grilling case. Combine the sambal kecap ingredients to get ready sambal kecap.
Roux had been at the club, Flamingo’s in Church Street, until the early hours of the morning before he was flagged down by members of the Tshwane metro police.
I am truly impressed with anyone who runs - with those who run a lot, those who run a little - with those who run 5 minute miles and those who run 13 minute miles. I am impressed with everyone who gets out there and does it. I have been inspired and encouraged by so many and I love being a part of the incredible running community.
late, that choice has been made. So looking
Kay Lynn's fear of balloons;
Although I told Bekah none of the kids would be "good" at it yet I learned I was wrong. Keep in mind these are 4 and 5 year olds yet there was one little boy who either had a dad and older brothers that worked with him or else a whole lot of natural talent. His form was impressive for throwing and catching and he was one of the few who figured out how to catch the ball in his glove. Another mom and I joked that if he could sign his name we should get his autograph now as we could see some great potential in his future!
If you're unemployed, you must dare
6. I started reading mystery novels at the age of 11 and at 12 I was reading only sci-fi texts.
The other changes that hormones cause include the softening of your skin, fat redistribution to your hips, breasts and other portions of your body that more closely resemble a genetic woman. You will stop experiencing male pattern baldness, and have a decrease in acne. The most prominent, and completely irreversible change is breast growth. While you should not expect a miracle, breast growth can, over time, reach a modest size.
Somehow it is all reminiscent of the television license fee:pay to own the set even if BBC-watching enters the 'cruel and unusual punishment' category. Pay for the water but you can't do what you like with it and you might as well hand it back as all the activities you would use recycled water for are banned.
I miss a lot on these weekends that I work. As you can only imagine, I very rarely get a day off from any kind of income related job. I miss bday parties for family and friends. I miss fun things planned with just adults. I miss having a day or two to just clean my house. I also miss the simple luxury of just doing nothing...ok, so it's not like that would happen if I were home but we can all imagine, right? And I can't tell you how guilty I feel when I miss baseball and soccer and family affairs. My sister-in-law is very intent on making sure I know just how many of her 'family' parties I've missed. Though, can't say I feel guilty about missing hers...lol... I could wish for it to be different and I can keep trying to think of ways to make it different...but until I do, this is what I've got. I hate it. OK???
All purpose sanding block.
The basic premise is you play Geralt, a Witcher, who supposedly died (I keep waiting for the game to make the same Snake Plissken jokes I've been making) and has returned from the grave with amnesia. Witchers are basically humans who, through alchemy and somethin somethin, have become more human than human in order to combat monsters, gribblies, and undesirables. The downside is Witchers have been broken as a cohesive force and there are less than a handful left. Regular human beings have taken their defense into their own hands and now view the Witchers with fear and contempt. Yeah it's a well worn theme but The Witcher makes it work. Geralt has to deal with humans and nonhumans (elves, dwarves, etc) and is constantly getting shit from all sides.
Well now its time to say good-bye to Sarah and her kin,
“Chimborazo.”
North Korea's attempt Friday to launch a long-range rocket has failed, according to U.S. officials. A senior U.S. official who is receiving updates from U.S. military launch observers tells Fox News the rocket broke apart between 90 seconds and 2 minutes after launching.
Another show conveniently one block from my flat, another night of overpowering paranoia preventing me from walking out the door until I had missed almost the whole show. I got inside just about half way through the Fleshies set, but didn't escape paying the door charge this time. Right as I walked in, John Geek landed at my feet, and I shouldn't have been surprised to find him at least 20 from the stage. He wasn't even close to being naked though. The Fleshies had always been my favourite of the East Bay poppier punk bands that were playing during my early years of living in Oakland, and I hadn't seen them in awhile. It felt good. Like a familiar old uncle's hand down your pants.
We might forgo the fun family trip to the swamp of death in November. Jason and I were discussing trying to go to Disneyworld in December. There are some really great deals on lodging, although we may have to pawn some stuff/ melt our gold teeth to buy the tickets for the theme parks. ($78 for one adult for one day???) I really want to take the kids before Jay is too old to enjoy it. If you never went to Disneyworld your whole childhood is just fucked, right? Case in point, I never got to go. Jason went a few times as a kid and he says he remembers staying all day and walking until there were blisters on his feet. Damn right-- at those prices we're gonna get our money's worth. We're going to squeeze every last drop of fun out of those tickets until everyone is crying and/or bleeding. Reminds me of the few times my family went out to eat when I was a kid-- we'd always go to a buffet like Ryan's and my parents would keep sending us back to get more food and wouldn't let us be finished until there was a half-digested yeast roll coming out of one or more of our orifices.
twenty trees smaller than weeds,
Now I'll I have to do is sell a copy.
Ojai—The trip to Ojai from Santa Barbara (taking the 150 route, 30 min) is worth the scenic drive alone—you'll pass orchards, wide open meadows, lake casitas, deer and mountains. There's just something about Ojai that forces you to relax, especially if you visit the Ojai Valley Inn & Spa. Here are some favorite spots of mine that I love to frequent: Boccalis *Ojai location, Knead Bakery, Osteria Monte Grappa, Julia Rose (clothing) and Hattie (clothing).
Jon Svaren, a 15-year Navy veteran who was honorably discharged in 2009, is a medical-marijuana patient who is recovering from a surgery last November to repair a severe injury to his back. Svaren is also a gun owner who hunts and uses guns on the farm to control vermin. “To take away my Second Amendment rights is contrary to everything I’ve ever fought for and contrary to every oath of enlistment I’ve taken,” Svaren said. “Marijuana is a lightning-rod subject,” said Dave Workman of the newspaper Gun Week. “The media – and the gun prohibitionist lobby in particular – would say the gun lobby wants to arm drug addicts.”
Consider this excerpt from an early chapter on the New World of Work:
she saw a power and a responsibility that
I distressed the edges of the papers and cardstock, and I also distressed the bias tape to make it look like mummy wrap. I lightly colored over the amber rhinestones with a black Copic marker, and I inked the edges of the image panel with Antique Linen Distress Ink.
Morello: Next?
Here is a sneak look at some of my kits - of course my papers I chose were Graphic 45 but you can easily adapt it to your favourite papers......limited supply only..
Various unassuming buoys bob on the surface to mark the coordinates of some quarry point of interest. The quarry’s deepest point is 150 feet, but we only descended 60 to see the cement truck. This was where I found myself stuck on an underwater tree, its branch snugly snagging on some of my scuba apparatus. I failed to notice this however, and kept joyfully kicking my fins and bobbing side to side until Gregg – my instructor – saw that I was inadvertently swimming in place. He came to the rescue and later mocked me for it.
Kaminsky and a second blogger, Steven Mosher, piled up the anomalies: The leaked board documents were not scanned but were original software-produced documents, which moreover have a time stamp from Heartland’s Central time zone. Hence the “strategy memo,” if authentic, would have had to be obtained by some other channel. These and other clues led both Kaminsky and Mosher to go public with the accusation that the most likely perpetrator was Peter Gleick, a semi-prominent environmental scientist in Oakland, California.
In one of my favourite interior mags there was a gorgeous piece on a young Auckland woman’s home. She had some groovy pieces. Including a lamp shade she had made herself. Up on closer inspection I could see she had used this very same gorgeous 50/60′s fabric! I was much amused to learn she had cut the fabric off the mattress base while it was on the side of the road, waiting for the rubbish pick up. Not so crazy was I?
I get it, y'all. I really do.
“There are numerous threats to this relatively optimistic baseline outlook: a rise in oil and gasoline prices, a rekindled European debt crisis, a deeper housing crash, more federal fiscal drag than expected and a harder landing in China and other emerging-market economies,” Hoyt added.
SG TIP: Top off a place setting with an interesting little dish or bowl. You have seen these dishes many times over and over in other tablescapes, but what makes them look fresh is the pretty purple flower dish (Pier 1) that sits on the top. I am always on the lookout for seasonal or themed little dishes! Buy them on sale after the season!
☺ Well, now save the Notepad file with the extension .html and double click on it: it will be opened in your browser, and you can test it.
I'm interested in, among other things, the blending of the real and the artificial. In this project, a real marriage between two individuals serves as a metaphor to explore larger historical, sociological, psychological, epistemological, and metaphysical contexts – including the bond that, for better or worse, has in some sense always existed among all of humanity but that now, by virtue of the internet, is becoming much more intense, or at least more quickly and thickly interconnected.
Earlier this week, the wonderful AppGal had a fabulous post about the J. Crew Bubble Necklace. You can read AppGal's great post HERE.
Second, I wear this Fresh Sugar Passion lip treatment when I'm on a dinner date or bike ride with Alex. The hint of bee-stung color brightens up your face, while the hydrating treatment makes your lips soft for kissing.
Followed by soccer practice ( 4 times a week ), soccer games, tutors, driving school,
Many years ago I had a similar experience with a woman who I did not value for her beliefs, her values or the choices she made in how she interacted with others. We knew one another through our children and their hockey life. It came to me through a third party that this woman wanted to enter into a business relationship with me and a few others (the third party being one). My immediate reaction was a very vehement NO. Which shocked the third party. He was of the opinion that you could still do business with someone even if you didn't share their values. Perhaps this is male vs. female. I have never been able to grasp his concept of this so we agree to disagree. And I did not enter their business arrangement. I carried some anger about that for awhile. Misplaced anger I came to realize and I laid it down too.
India began adopting specific action, transforming to all-round cooperation from exclusive economic exchanges and enlarging its foreign policies from the Southeast Asia to East Asia and Australia.
Something else meanwhile, had also been nagging the young Moon!
of mine, this bed of bounty and agrarian trust
But take a look around you. Anyone who is doing something great had a lot of bad ideas to get to where they are today. I don’t know of any exceptions. If you haven’t “failed” recently or had a bad idea, success will likely elude you as well.
* Going along with the previous statement, relational mathematics gives meaning behind instrumental mathematics. Giving meaning to instrumental techniques can assist students in the leap from a mathematical problem to a real-life, meaningful situation for students.
1 (2‐inch) piece fresh ginger root, sliced
Most of that $85 was spent on groceries.
“Like This” featuring ill.gates sits at 90 bpm for that classic Bassnectar dubstep sound. It’s a sound he has perfected with tunes such as “Wildstyle Method”, “Here We Go”, “Basshead”, “Upside Down”, “Voodoo” and continues to explore this tempo with in “Vava Voom” (about half of the songs are at the traditional dubstep tempo of 70 bpm, the other half around 90). Following the ill.gates joint effort is a remake of “Laughter Crescendo”. Originally on 2005′s “Mesmerizing The Ultra”, the 2012 version utilizes more actual laughter as an instrument and a thicker bassline. This song makes me feel as if I’m in Narnia chasing after this girl’s laugh so I can jump on flying water lilys with her and go surfing through the galaxy. But that’s ‘Nectar for you… (okay, maybe that’s just me).
At the start of the employment tribunal, it was revealed that Mr Griffin is due to be called as a witness. It is believed Mr Griffin will give evidence for Mrs Harrington.
That would be me putting the O in OCD, I guess. ;)
‘It is fairly certain that up to A.D. 150 soldiers who became Christians did all they could to leave the army, and Christians did not enlist in it.’
In other news, we had a very special delivery today.
Tin Soldier This one leaves me with an icky feeling before I’ve even read it. Why? When I entered to win (and I enter to win almost everything), there was no mention made that it was the second in a series. Not only that, but I failed to notice that the author was giving away a thousand copies. It’s a self-published book! True, it says it’s published by Spaulding House, but when I checked up on it, the only things I could find were by the same author using a different name. I guess I’m mostly bothered that the contest page now instructs all winners to go buy the first book and says “these are *review* copies for *reviewing!*” Um, again…don’t tell me what to do! Not only that, but it looks like she’s one of those authors that feels the need to respond to negative reviews and critique them. I kind of hope she sees this and decides not to send me the book, I don’t want to buy the first one and I really don’t want to have her attacking me on goodreads or here if I don’t like it (even if it might be fun).
We were extremely pleased to have Ron and Yvonne stop and see us this week.. They are RV’ers and 4 wheelers staying in the campground here at North Ranch and heading over to Qz in the near future. They have been reading my Blog for a while and unbelievably, they are from Custer, South Dakota. They have a big ranch just south of Pringle. It was good to meet them and I hope we get a chance to get better acquainted, here or up in SD. Sorry I forgot to get a picture, but I will next time!
Catching Up, 5 x 5 on paper, mixed media
Because the very nature of a cat is to be territorial and to learn to live off its surroundings, transplanting a cat to another area is essentially “pulling the rug out from under their whole life,” Williams said.
When a change in the world, our world, becomes a change we’ve ignored, then by doing nothing, we are actively choosing the more difficult path in the long run.”
running to my craft store...
bright forever and ever and ever.
squirm at the figure-head knotted into switchback
He's always been the baby we look for when we arrive.
Canals in the 18th Century in England
Play Date Cafe Challenge #100
It's one of those things that bugs me that I can't tell others about because they'll think I'm a crazy person!!
The assault against American industry and individual livelihood continues — and no, it is not coming from Al-Qaeda or other foreign terrorists. A recent report from R-CALF USA, an advocacy group for American cattle producers, says the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has declared harmless cattle hay a “pollutant,” which is part of the agency’s agenda to squelch family-scale cattle ranches in favor of corporately-owned, mega-sized feedlot operations.
You also excuse the perpetrator’s actions. Many predators use victim blaming as a grooming technique to instill a kind of fear to tell in their victims. By victim blaming, you sound like the perpetrator and give relevance to his hunting tactics.
We love how the initial plan – which really sounds like how the episode will unfold – is suddenly and totally subverted by, of all things, the client herself, Jenny. Despite her looks she’s no damsel in distress; she can take care of herself, and when she sees and opportunity, she takes the initiative. Justice is on Jenny’s side: her uncle has no right to push her out of the picture by marrying her off, but it’s interesting how there’s more to this than business. Lynn didn’t just do it out of a sense of duty to her former captain, but out of love for her; love Jenny reciprocates. Marika can hardly stand by while two friends’ hearts are at risk of being torn from one another.
Prior to the 2001 season, Denny Neagle was acquired via free agency from the Yankees. The fourth (and hopefully final) unsuccessful big time pitcher free agency acquisition for the Rockies. In his three seasons in Colorado, Neagle had a record of 19-23 with a 5.57 ERA and 271 strikeouts. He missed the 2004 season due to injuries and had the final year of his contract nullified due to a morals clause following a run in with the law (I'm trying to be classy, look it up if you are curious). He left the Rockies after the 2004 season and wound in Tampa Bay, but never pitched in the majors again.
I started him on solid food. And since he is my 4th kid and I am sick of fighting the rice cereal battle, I went straight for apples. Much better. He has only had them a handful of time so far and was frankly appalled at what I was putting in his mouth at first, but now he likes them better. That's good because this kid seems hungry a lot lately. I think we will try a veggie this week and then add another fruit.
So this is going to be the last of the desk building posts before we assemble the thing tomorrow. Yep, that is right, I said it. Assemble. It's been 74 days since I posted here that it was our next big project. It's been at least 54 days since we started building here. I think it's about time we finish it. (Well of course we won't be completely finished. We still have to figure out how we're going to attach our simple door to the cabinet that will hide the computer and things like the modem and wireless router.)
I love her enthusiasm towards life, and more specifically her heart for adventure and traveling.
Tender pink child-palms clapping in playgrounds.
Holocher said Barcelona emphasizes a lot of unselfishness and that is exactly what he wants to have.
We want to see your flowery cards/projects...pretty simple huh!?
From a bike ride to the windmills and brewery tours, to more daytrips and city exploring, I could spend weeks in Amsterdam. I’m glad I got a glimpse of the city this past weekend though. It was definitely a relief being able to speak English to everyone and the Dutch people were remarkably kind.
So I now have a great variety of healthy and ‘green’ products in my pantry: coffee, trail mix, 2 salsa mixes, chili mix (from the Woman’s Bean Project), local goat milk soap, bean seeds, and doggie treats!
There were also lots of lovely flower displays to look at - the theme this year traditional fairy stories - hence the 3 little pigs;
were decorated this year for each of the different areas of the
The chapter had a terrific attendance for this meeting and everyone had questions for the experts. But if you missed it, don’t despair! For the very first time, the chapter videotaped the meeting. The video is being edited and broken into excerpts which will be posted on our new YouTube channel. So watch this space, and our LinkedIn discussion group for the announcement of the Rocky Mountain NAFA YouTube channel!
This, like any post I make about a film, book, you name it, will be a spoiler, but I will try to be gentle with details.
Do good anyway.
Santa Barbara, Argentina
5. I think chocolate for breakfast is okay if you're pretty good about the rest of the day.
3) 9 Stanford Cardinal (26-10/8-7 Pac12) @ 11 UCLA (27-10/11-7 Pac12), Jackie Robinson Stadium/Los Angeles, CA
“For there is one Elohim,1 and one Mediator between Elohim and men, the Man Messiah יהושע, Foornote: 11 Cor. 8:6, Eph. 4:6, Mk. 12:29-34. who gave Himself a ransom for all, to be witnessed in its own seasons, ” (1 Timothy 2:5-6 The Scriptures 1998+)
Interesting fact:
‘(Heb. ‘Shield of David’): Mystical symbol consisting of two superimposed triangles forming a star or hexagram; today regarded as a Jewish symbol. Although occurring in the Capernaum synagogue (3rd cent. CE), it was in ancient times predominantly a non-Jewish decorative motif (e.g. on Roman mosaic pavements), and is found in Christian churches in the Middle Ages, while absent from contemporary Jewish decoration and not mentioned in rabbinic literature.
It was a fast and furious, up and down week. But I am psyched. In fact, haven’t been this excited about or inspired by work in a long time. Well, since the days of spying on Marc Jacobs and writing about Louis Vuitton’s 1854 origins. This could be good.
It is Friday night and this is what you do in Hong Kong. Work hard (well not E@L so much, great job even then), play like an alcoholic.
Lips: Make Out gloss
Answering the second question will require digging into your setting, even a familiar one, with a feverish purpose-- to find conflict. Conflict is what makes a potentially boring setting exponentially adventurous.
Autumn trees
Laughing our asses off we skipped away and waited for Grandpa to finish with the elevator. Once the light showed he’d reached the first floor, I pushed the button with my brother’s back whereupon he almost started crying.
Options - (Remember all options are presented here, even if I know they are slightly mad) 1. Crash diet 2. Surgery (them's the unrealistic ones). 3. Join a group like Slimming World or Weight Watchers. This is an option but I have never really been into the group dynamic before, although I know it works for a lot of people and they find it very successful. 4. Start to record food intake and exercise again in My Fitness Pal, which I've used before. 5. Give up and start again after Christmas. Whilst this is an attractive option, I am scared to do this in case I put too much weight on.
The event was also attended by various leaders of European political parties with a knowledge — and therefore a healthy fear — of Islamic expansionism They included Filip de Winter of the Vlaams Belang, Heinz Christian Strache of FPÖ, and Rene Stadtkewitz, leader of the Geert Wilders-inspired and recently formed German Freedom Party, or Die Freiheit.
Political Highlights Debt Ceiling Showdown July 25-31, 2011: Finally, a Deal! After Week of Partisan Votes in Congress — President Obama, White House, Republican & Democratic Leaders Agree to Debt Deal — Still Needs to Pass House & Senate Votes — History Musings, 8-1-11
“The media has a social responsibility to get as close to the truth as possible,” he told about 30 people.
Titanic’s popularity isn’t what makes me hate it, and more importantly, it’s not what makes me argue that it’s actually not good. It’s part of what makes me argue that it’s the worst movie ever made, but I’ll get to that…
Ankles (trip): On a successful attack by a whipwhirl to a target’s ankles, there is a possibility for the victim to trip and fall. The base chance of a trip from from a whipwhirl is 100%, minus 5% per point of strength of an affected target (e.g., a character with a strength of 9 would have a 55% chance of tripping on this type of attack.)
Now we go on the journey of waiting to be contacted by Placement and the actual Placement.
-Rockstar Jeggings-Old Navy
Dark chocolate- 1/2 cup, broken into medium slices (I used Green & Blacks, 70 percent choc.)
The hope and knowledge of your short sweet life was really meant to be.
(left, in the early 1940s) was the first Western photographer to gain access to Hitler’s Führerbunker, or “shelter for the leader,” after the fall of Berlin, and a handful of his pictures of the bunker and the ruined city were published in LIFE magazine in July 1945. A few of those images are republished here; most of the pictures in this gallery, however, were never published in LIFE and vividly illustrate the surreal, disturbing scenes Vandivert encountered in the bunker and in the streets of the vanquished city beyond the bunker’s walls.
It didn’t take me a long time to realize that these people were observing Earth Hour. What I wanted my photo to be like was this
1. Pine nuts. Up until recently the only nuts I really enjoyed to eat alone were cashews and pistachios. Then I went for pine nuts because they looked so small and neat, and are apparently very good for your skin, which is great for me. Although quite a fatty nut (small but deceivingly filling), you at least know its the right sort of fat. I now like to snack on these, especially if I want to avoid a break-out of spots.
from all unrighteousness. We praise you for your
The synopsis is a little misleading. Everything mentioned in it does take place, yes, but the action is really kick-started by the murder of this same friend’s husband, which precipitates the kidnapping of her child much later on in the story.
Anyways, fast forward to October 2011: I finally got an iPhone. It’s pretty awesome, even though I still haven’t downloaded “Draw Something” or the fishtank game.
With the rape interview the same thing is happening-the rapist is looking at the following things before a verbal conversation even happens:
Here are some important steps you can take to help ensure reviews and maintenance take place on a yearly basis:
9. Create an emotional connection -
Was, by the rich mercy
I wish I could say that I was graceful. I wish it had been something like this:
Another good example is in Tombstone, the Wyatt Earp movie with Kurt Russell. Arriving in a new town, the local law enforcement tries to recruit him (showing his well-regarded reputation) and he quickly and flatly declines, showing how tired he is of law enforcement.
Prebius: a divisive primary is a good thing -
Did you guys know I don't know stuff? Like a lot a stuff. About everything. I'm pretty sure I'm getting dumber by the day. I would give you examples, but it's hard to know what you don't know.
raspberry vinaigrette dressing (to taste)
What do we learn out of that? No idea is too crazy to be realized. You just have to find a way.
If it is Made in WA then you know it. Pre-packaged carrots, almonds, milk, eggs are all clearly branded with the WA symbol so you know which product to pick up. You will pay double for an Avocado here than you do in Sydney but it's ok - it's Made in WA.
But mid and lower-ranking operatives complain that their tip-offs and warnings are either being ignored or not being relayed to the top brass. A source with links to police and crime intelligence said: "All leads by operatives and across agencies, SA and foreign, should be followed vigorously, if only to send the right message, along with much stronger visible security measures. None of this is happening right now, which makes the World Cup more vulnerable than it should be."
The US military has strived to keep the pictures out of the public domain fearing it could inflame feelings at a time when anti-Americanism in Afghanistan is already running high.
So Revelation 5:8-10 provides evidence against the 24 elders being the holy ones.They are not only spoken of as a distinct group, but the elders refer to Christians in the third person!
IPG has lowered our per diem to less than that of a Guantanamo inmate, so of course we are staying at a cheap ass hotel.
There are no prizes for guessing what goes on in this virtual space. Film actors promote their upcoming flicks. Out of work film actors flirt with danger and try to create controversies to gain some free publicity. Journalists inform. Authors promote their latest books. Politicians give a detailed account of itinerary. Business tycoons tweet about their new ventures.
Brandon Holstein: 300 the Spartan movie? You just really like the action and fighting and all that?
Michael and Clara Freeman: Co-founder of property developers Argent Group plc. Donations: £457,900.
The birthday festivities did not end there, however. The next evening at 8 pm we bordered a plan to California. Kevin had a business trip that was going to have him gone on Michaela's actual birthday, so instead of being gone for that, he took us all. Love that Man! the next morning after letting everyone catch up on some sleep from a very late night, we switched hotels, a planned switch to a Disney partner hotel for one night ( all we could afford) and then headed over to Disneyland. Oh my, to experience Disney as a child yourself is one thing, but to be able to experience it with your children is amazing, or maybe I'm just a sap, but who cares. Michaela got a special button saying we were celebrating her birthday and every cast member that we passed wished her a happy birthday! The first thing we did was took her to Pixie Hollow to meet Tinkerbell and her fairy friends. When Michaela saw Tinkerbell, this Mama was in tears. Goofy I know, but to see the joy and excitement on her face just warmed my heart.
I said, “He died and went to heaven to be with God and the angels”
Celebration #575 Glory Be To The Father
You would’ve thought I’d asked for a triple-spiced pumpkin latte with extra cream and a swirl of caramel. (That’s normally Starbucks’ domain and I was in Le Pain Quotidien.) But, no, it was a small double-shot cappuccino, not too milky please. One-quarter milk.
Dress up for an elegant evening with a great cause. Attend the Black Tie Masquerade that will focus on Desmoplastic Small Round Cell Tumor cancer. There will be a "local celebrity" host, silent auction, live jazz music, food, drinks and a chocolate fountain. Costumes are optional, but masks and black tie attire are required. All funds raised will be used to help DSRCT cancer patients, their families and fund research for a cure.
~ 3 Plug-n-play games - reg. $30 each, I paid $10
They love the longevity of Hari Sat Tat Existence
September 14: Alexiis presents Reina, Sylvia and students for another exciting Shimmyshowcase. We might be able to squeeze in one more dancer, so if you would like to perform, please contact us at ShimmyShowcase@yahoogroups.com
- Ryan Hollins is the softest 7-footer in the league. I've said it before and I'll say it again, but if he was 6'11" he would not be playing Professional Basketball. He gets manhandled every time doen the floor. He made Jamaal Magloire look like a young Jamaal Magloire. He's terrible. He played 15 minutes plus. Hey coach. Please do not play him ever again. Can't wait for Semih Erden to be active. Even Samardo Samuels would have been a better option (apologies to #WNFYKirk, whom last week I expressed my opinion that Samardo should be in Canton).
80 g sugar
The morning of the movie came and Olivia was so excited that she could hardly stand herself. Her dad gave her some money for lunch and the movie and she told Lemmer that she had her own money in her piggy bank and that she would just use that.. so cute dad said you save your money and take mine!!! I wonder how many year's until he says to her.. get your own money honey!!!!????? She had herself a little purse to put her money in and asked me if she could please put on so lip gloss? I said heck ya darlin a girls got to look her best!!! Olivia says she is going to marry this boy because he has blonde hair and blue eye's just like her! What else could a girl ask for?
Job-seekers wait outside a job center before opening in Madrid, Spain. Spain’s jobless rate has more than doubled since 2008 after the collapse of a real estate market that fueled a decade of economic growth. Photographer: Angel Navarrete/Bloomberg
Before we left, we did get a photo of us by the mandap. FYI: I tied my sari myself this time. It looks a little strange in the middle because it’s tucked in, but everyone was impressed with my skills. I’m still working on making the pleats looks better (they end up sagging after a while), but it’s getting there.
We walked around for a while just looking at the buildings. It’s amazing because every other street corner there’s an amazingly ornate building, a beautiful basilica, a fountain or a statue. We made our way to a church, that Stacey had been to before and said we should visit (it’s free- great for budget travelers). It was Orsanmichele which is a church and museum. We happened to be there on a free day for the museum and we were eagerly ushered upstairs by the sweet man who was working the museum that day. You go up to the second floor, and the museum is the collection of original sculptures that were on the outside of the church. The artists of these statues include Donatello, Giambologna and Ghiberti. Then, after going up one more flight of stairs to the top, you find yourself in a room made mostly of windows that allowed for amazing views of Florence. To exit you walked on a bridge that connected you to the third story of another building across the street.
It got me to thinking though. How many of today’s most popular bands are….getting along in years. Just like me. They are growing old with me. Older even. Jon Bon Jovi was my favorite boy back in the early eighties. college. Jon Bon Jovi is still my favorite boy. Who can resist that face? That smile?
I can’t escape the feeling that Hill doesn’t really have much of a soul. That is, her personality seems a bit painted on instead of intrinsic. I don’t have much of a sense that she exists off-camera. She comes off a bit as a suit instead of a uniform, if you catch my meaning. I feel like she’d be more comfortable in a corner office than on the bridge of the Helicarrier. Maybe that makes her the perfect right hand man for Fury; she’s certainly not afraid to question him, but she’s professional enough to question him at the right time.
19.You can socialize with your kids who are now old enough to turn into real friends.
Then I spotted the seven Harry Potter books on my top shelf, sitting there all innocently, and I'm sorry, but who doesn't want to go to Hogwarts? Especially now that it's all safe and whatnot. Quidditch matches and spells gone awry and fun classes like transfiguration and charms. Delicious magical candy. Quirky teachers. Hagrid's various magical/semi-dangerous pets. Everything about Hogwarts--and all other wizard-related places--is awesome. It is magical and fun and the first time I read HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE, I developed this little corner of my heart where I could pretend it totally does exist.
Writing, like so many other things, is a luxury. Like slow food, like handmade gifts, like learning a new skill and practising it (not just going to a six week course and then forgetting the whole shebang) until it becomes familiar. How terribly ironic that in a world full of devices to make life easier and faster we have lost the time to go slow.
But in this case, reporting is absolutely necessary. My patient was visibly upset. I had to answer whether my privileges were revoked and why “I refuse to see patients in the hospital” And why I don’t mind answering the questions when they ask on the initial visits, it is entirely different when the patient believes that I have deserted them in the hospital. So now, I have to be their advocate. This is not to say that nurses don’t have a right to their own opinions, but to be so vocal about them that patients are uncomfortable is not professional.
The investigation will result in one of two conclusions, neither positive for the attorney general. The first is that Holder authorized an operation that likely violated U.S., Mexican, and international law and armed dangerous drug traffickers.
Now what can I faux metallic next........watch out I'm on a roll people.
First of all, my sister in law started her own production company, Sceneffex Productions! Yay, kudos to her!
Time present is in time future eating time past
Dave Nickels of Nickels Orchards in Ruthven said he lost all his apples, peaches, cherries and pears. He said when talking to other growers you can’t even get a word out of them because they’re just sick.
acclaim the sanity of teapots
This "philosopher" (below) is a chump who seems to know nothing of prior work in his field. He has attempted to reinvent the wheel and predictably come up with a very poor product. As someone who has written for the academic journals on both the philosophy and psychology of morality, perhaps I should put up a few notes on his work.
And great theatre does not stay in the theater. For most plays, the house lights come up and the crowd shuffles out and the cleaning crew preps for the evening show. Great theatre can stay with you days, weeks, and months after you see it, but for most of us, the impression fades, it is added onto the rest your life experiences, and everyone passes on to the next thing. Another group may be enraptured, or you can go back to rekindle the experience, or sometimes the work is photographed for a small shadow of its previous glory. But theatre, even great theatre, can fade over time. And that could have been the fate of The Agony and Ecstasy of Steve Jobs.
And finally I picked up a strand of these adorable Trillion cut crystal quartz - these are like perfect pyramids of diamond - they sparkle so much from the detailed surface faceting and needed little extra dressing up from me!
He was trolling craigslist for some action and started chatting with 18 year old Kameryn Gibson. Kameryn was looking for a sugar daddy, but what he got was a shitstorm.
Nick Cowan, crime researcher for think tank Civitas, added: "To some extent with an open labour market you are going to end up with some undesirables which is a shame.”
But, because many such things are done by men who seek other objects, and who love not the brethren; let us come back to the testimony of conscience. How do we prove that many such things are done by men who love not the brethren? How many in heresies and schisms call themselves martyrs! They seem to themselves to lay down their lives for their brethren. If for the brethren they laid down their lives, they would not separate themselves from the whole brotherhood. Again, how many there are who for the sake of vainglory bestow much, give much, and seek therein but the praise of men and popular glory, which is full of windiness, and possesses no stability! Seeing, then, there are such, where shall be the proof of brotherly charity? Seeing he wished it to be proved, and hath said by way of admonition, “My little children, let us not love only in word and in tongue; but in deed and in truth;” we ask, in what work, in what truth? Can there be a more manifest work than to give to the poor? Many do this of vainglory, not of love. Can there be a greater work than to die for the brethren? This also, many would fain be thought to do, who do it of vainglory to get a name, not from bowels of love. It remains, that that man loves his brother, who before God, where God alone seeth, assures his own heart, and questions his. heart whether he does this indeed for love of the brethren; and his witness is that eye which penetrates the heart, where man cannot look. Therefore Paul the Apostle, because he was ready to die for the brethren, and said, “I will myself be spent for your souls” (2 Cor 12:15), yet, because God only saw this in his heart, not the mortal men to whom he spake, he saith to them, “But to me it is a very small thing that I should be judged of you or at man’s bar” (1 Cor 4:3). And the same apostle shows also in a certain place, that these things are oft done of empty vainglory, not upon the solid ground of love: for speaking of the praises of charity he saith, “If I distribute all my goods to the poor. and if I deliver up my body to be burned, but have not charity, it profiteth me nothing” (1 Cor 13:3). Is it possible for a man to do this without charity? It is. For they that have divided unity, are persons that have not charity. Seek there, and ye shall see many giving much to the poor; shallsee others prepared to welcome death, insomuch that where there is no persecutor they cast themselves headlong: these doubtless without charity do this. Let us come back then to conscience, of which the apostle saith: “For our glorying is this, the testimony of our conscience” (2 Cor 1:12). Let us come back to conscience, of which the same saith, “But let each prove his own work, and then he shall have glorying in himself and not in another” (Gal 6:4). Therefore, let each one of us “prove his own work,” whether it flow forth from the vein of charity, whether it be from charity as the root that his good works sprout forth as branches. “But let each prove his own work, and then he shall have glorying in himself and not in another,” not when another’s tongue bears witness to him, but when his own conscience bears it.
Well that’s it for now,
I guess now I don't have any excuse not to give those a try!... ;-)
All humans that I have ever encountered live in my head as the words they said, deeds they did and of course they way they look.
And always, always, always check the recipient on your emails before you press send.
I tried the wrist twist we used with the old Roses in Winter set, but wasn't thrilled with my first effort, so I'll have to play with that again soon...and also try it for a little Rock and Roll technique...
I had visions of a 20 minute dressing session for about 5 minutes of play. Much to my surprise, Aiden last a little less than an hour. We had so much fun! I think his favorite part was being pulled around the backyard on the sled! The picture below is my favorite on so many levels...I am running around the yard in 7 inches of snow, Buddy is running around the yard, Aiden is laughing hysterically while laying on the sled, and he is still holding his water gun in his hand.
For our cupcakes, I decided to make a traditional Martha Stewart-inspired Christmas dinner with turkey legs, mashed potatoes, and peas n' carrots. I added some regular chocolate treats with tiny leg lamps.
Lauren Pawlowski
I get desperately wanting to hear 'I love you,' to want that communication, that language, to believe that despite all appearances to the contrary, the severely autistic child in front of you is actually a genius trapped away who is paying attention to absolutely everything, but...but...but when you use facilitated communication, you're cheating. You're cheating your child and yourself. And it isn't right on so many levels.
The trend could change the insurance industry, which has traditionally been a follow-the-leader market.
Haiti is largely ignored now. It is still an impoverished disaster area. And people have been donating money to Japan? That’s an example of people donating money to charity to make themselves feel better not to make a disastrous situation any better.
46. Let's Go Get Stoned -- Ray Charles
What makes an office special to you? Is it the design of the space? Is it the fact that it is away from the rest of your family and a place where you can get work done? Is it the wall color? Below are some examples of some great office spaces that, for one reason or another, made me chose them for this post.
held together with chop sticks. Jason, her intern, worked the front, helping
*Feeling of subjective well-being
The metal version of the sol comes in values of one, two, and five.
These findings come despite a steady decline in gas prices in recent weeks after a surge earlier in the year. The national average for a gallon of gasoline stood at $3.75, down from a 2012 peak of $3.94 on April 1.
The conclusion to Commander Shepard’s battle against the Reapers has finally begun. For the past five years Bioware has set the groundwork for the choices you’ve made. Will your decisions come and stab you in the back or will everything change as a result?
1. This is a gimmick. As soon as I see something like this it says you're using a gimmick rather than voice to entice me to read on. That is not what you want in a query.
39. Gone rock climbing- only indoor climbing
from a chapter on the derivation of laser and fibre-optics from the principles of cinema projection, a first version of which was given as a presentation at the Screen conference in 2011. It argues that light has been increasingly organised in the interests of commodification and biopolitical management
Women’s rights is turning out be a joke.
We should all do what we can.
On my reread this week, I was impressed by the way that Pike conveys main character Ilonka's desperation, denial and eventual acceptance without ever sensationalising her experience or resorting to cheap sentimentality. He manages to capture a sense of the way a person gradually says goodbye to the world of the living that's quite definitely about their journey rather than those they're leaving behind.
Jane was not as comforted as Patti wanted to make her, Jane was not as comforted as she hoped her mother would make her, but both were more comfortable with each other than at any point in their lives.
Flavour: Or possibly flavor being Yank day. Very Sparkly, almost Champagneisk, doesn’t taste at all like a Wheat beer, tastes more like it’s made from bubbles. (actual bubbles not Michael Jackson’s pet chimp)
I still smell her perfume when I curl up in bed at night and can’t sleep. I still hear her whisper “talk to God, sweetheart” and it makes me smile until I dream.
Here’s the thing: This isn’t what I studied. I had the work of those before me to build off of. I’ve had help learning how to write a press release and reach out to the press and getting contacts to build my own press list. I’m not the kind of person who can easily go and talk to just anyone out of the blue. I don’t even like calling people on the phone. The night before my first ever interviews at PAX East 2010 I hardly slept because I was so freaking nervous.
How Scientists Visualize the REAL Flying Saucer Men
His voice is too loud to sounds all over the floor in the store, which surprises all the customer there.
More than twenty years ago, I made a promise.
I was out Christmas shopping today - fighting the crowds, what a nightmare - and I popped into Zara quickly to see if Kate's dress (the one she wore to the concert this week, see here) was still available. I only found the skirt first. I tried it on - it fits nicely, although I might have it shortened a bit, and the lace is really pretty.
like a mountain meadow
I know I might have some setbacks in the future and I know I have to be careful. Like right now...the smell of food, ANY FOOD, makes me drool...but I can't eat it. I know I'll go through my own 'honeymoon' phase, I just have to make sure that I go to my classes with the psychologist and to the support group and talk online to people going through the same thing. I have to do this! It's vital to my life now! My biggest fear these last few years is that I would have a stroke or drop from a heart attack. I don't want to do that to my husband if I can help it. I love him too much! I have to start loving myself now.
tells stories, the same old stories
I decided that now was the time to split it up.
Brick pattern was created using a stencil.
In a recent study, a team of researchers presented a possible explanation for this color hierarchy. By creating a community of virtual people imposed with the limits of human vision, the researchers were able to watch color naming in action. Based on their observations, the team posited that the color hierarchy is caused by the properties of human vision.
It's the latest addition to the Sobel Wiki, Part 7 of Jonathan Edelstein's epic For All Nails vignette "Victoria's Secret". In today's vignette, the people of the former British colony of Victoria get ready for the upcoming Parliamentary elections, and for the trial of Victoria Madoka.
Oh dear.......
This situation brings me to the workplace. Do you dislike any of your co-workers? Let’s pretend neither of us screamed YES!!!!!!!!!!!! to this question. But without being too irrational and direct, let’s think of the character of these people: conceited, bossy, selfish, rude, and simply miserable. They also love to bully you and target your flaws and put you down in group settings and really just make you feel so small. A bully really knows how to get under your skin, for example, one that I may know of actually targets social stereotypes that are so slick it is hardly detectable, and of course nobody does anything about it because bullies hold this power that dominates the submissive into a fearful state that they will be socially destroyed by taking action. How do you react? Go along with it? Smile, laugh, throw in a sugar coated negative comment that could make fun of them? Do you dream up ways of getting them fired or murdered? Okay, I am drifting in to the dark side. But when do you decide there is a line between being fake with them and having self integrity? I am trying to figure this out, too. Maintaining a calm and collected attitude while executing a job well done is the most important idea during a shift, and I certainly to not want to go to work without the pain of working with a monster and without feeling so awkward. After such a painful shift, it is like one needs to go home and regroup to feel like their normal self again. I hate the idea of having to put on a facade while at work, working is not only for the pay, but to do a great job for the company and have a peaceful environment with everyone. Some bitches just don’t get it. It is like a tribulation having to involve oneself with people who you KNOW talk behind your back then smile at your face. But thus far it has been a success to maintain a positive attitude and not run anyone over with a MAC truck. And you see? It rubs off on the person being bullied, for example, I have already called people bitches and douchebags in this post. I tried not to be hypocritical, perhaps slightly. These people are not perfect, as I have listed their flaws above, but it is their ignorance that is truly the end result of maximizing their flaws over their potential ability of a great worker. Maybe one day if it becomes far too intolerable, justice will be served or maybe they will change their bullying ways. Sadly, some people may never have the chance for reformity. The kindness they bestow now and then is just TOO fake to justify redemption.
In a mixing bowl, combine chicken with all ingredients of marinade, cover and refrigerate until needed. (I let it sit in the marinade for about 3 hours, but you could even do it overnight if you wanted.)
The Community Play Day & 5K I planned for work was this weekend. The 5k was the main event and we had over 150 people sign up!! 100 was my goal so I can say it was a success. And while we planned on having Melissa Jones as our guest speaker she was not able to attend, HOWEVER...I had three special guests come out.
“My friend the panda will never fulfill his destiny, nor you yours until you let go of the illusion of control,” he told Shi Fu.
Does the drawer look huge!?!?! Maybe that's because it is!!!! It was really hard to envision how big the drawer was really going to be but now that it is built I am still amazed at how big it is. We're going to be able to fit everyone's hats, gloves and scarves in one drawer!
I waited to embrace the aroma of free monomers.
I use this everyday to set my makeup! I love it! I also sometimes spray my stippling brush with this before applying my foundation to make it more sheer. I really think this product makes my makeup stay on longer, I use it on all my clients. So good!
But first, a look back on the great things of this past year:
No back links please, if the item was on your blog before November 30th then it will be removed. Thanks for your understanding on this matter.
Coming Soon to Bloomington: Rufus Wainwright
No quick fixes
Felicity’s face didn’t change.
Pools of sorrow, waves of joy are drifting through my open mind
"It's a Sherim, but I can't reach the Second Realm through it." Rel turned to the other man, but Clearsight caught on a detail behind him. With most of the torches on the wrong side of the door, the Abyss was little brighter than the Sherim room. No obstacle to Seeing Clearly, though, and he could make out the glittering, energetic wake of some Wilder which must have just flown past the opening. "We need to get out of here."
1 varied
And he asked, "What happened?"
papers -k&co
MightyNest was co-founded by Kristen Conn who wanted to make homes healthier for our families. As a mom, she realized that every decision we make impacts our children and others, and that many of the products she was using were in fact filled with toxic chemicals. After years of research, MightyNest was born to empower and encourage people to make small changes to better the lives of themselves and their families. Every product available at MightyNest has been fully researched so you can rest assured that you are buying safe, healthy products for your home. As a busy mom, I can't spend all day researching everything I want to in order to provide the healthiest possible home for my family. However, with MightyNest products have been narrowed down to only those that are in line with my own natural, safer preferences so I'm so excited that I found MightyNest! All of the products they sell are free from known toxic ingredients such as BPA, PVC, Phthalates, Lead, Melamine, Formaldehyde, Flame retardants, Parabens and lots more. None of those belong in any products on the market today!
released this week. That’s a $7 million increase on 2010, a $213 million year for Albany lobbying. Nearly 6,100 lobbyists filed reports and registered with JCOPE by the end of 2011, representing 3,535 clients.
Title: Tail Wind
This is the 365-day calendar that doesn’t make allowances for the leap year. This puts it out of synch with the seasons by about 1 day ever 4 years, which takes about 1460 years to come back around to its starting point. I guess when you live in the tropics the variance in temperature and sunlight from season to season isn’t as drastic as it is in higher latitudes (although I’m only guessing. I’m sure they still get a rainy season). Nevertheless, this was a strictly 365-day year. It was divided into 18 periods of 20 days with a 5 day period to make 365. These 5 remaining days (wayeb) were considered unlucky, as Foster (2002) writes “During Wayeb, portals between the mortal realm and the Underworld dissolved. No boundaries prevented the ill-intending deities from causing disasters.”
Slits - Cut - 1979
Theatre of Tragedy - Live in Stavanger Folken, Norway 27-02-2001
So that's what I've been up to ~ hope you all have a wonderful weekend!
Your brain extends through the soles
I love all people
Well, the time is here! It’s time to share all the magic – there is very little more magical than a tree lit up at Christmas, don’t you agree?
Here is another installment. More witch house. Pretty soon I will get tired of this shit, but for now...here you go. This is supposed to be a test pressing of 6 new White Ring songs per discogs here.
Within 24 hours, eHarmony has sent 25 matches my way whose profiles I have read without having access to pictures. Pictures matter. Dating sites bank on that, hoping you and I will spend more than $40 a month to look at more pictures of people we’ll never marry.
Mulder's obsession with all things paranormal and all things related to alien visitation was peaked during the weeks leading up to Christmas. He had only recently correlated the similarities of crop circles and the more mysterious phenomenon that had been referred to as snow angels.
Wow... Its been over a month since my last post. With school and the holidays, it seems nearly impossible to keep caught up with anything!!!
There are 500 days from Lammas this year to the 10-day prelude to solstitial union with galactic center: on 12:12:12 we shall either have completed planetary ascension or we will know our work has been in vain. I prefer to think we shall complete the program — that we as a species are destined to rise to the challenge facing us.
Otherwordly and semi-worldly art and theory have been incredibly powerful throughout history. The history of religions and ideologies, arts and philosophies, all this is evidence enough. Why should film do any less? No painting has ever been true, nor any novel or film. The desire to make film true is the only way to make it lie.
When the True Colors book came out, I was disappointed that some of my favorite work by the other artists didn’t make the cut for publication. There were so many wonderful pieces that will remain unseen by the masses, and that is a pity.
My final say on this matter – while I’m feeling upset and angry…
In recent years, however, academic freedom has been redefined by some to suggest that it should leave academics free from outside criticism of anything they say or do. This sentiment certainly appeared in the sections of Brodhead’s address dealing with blogs (I presume including, in the interest of full disclosure, this blog) that have criticized the Group of 88.
have any better clues to its origin. Sorry, I can't be of more help. One
“‘Fraid I can’t old chap. Awfully sorry and all that, but that’s how it is.”
.75oz Berry Chill Energy Drink
Yup, you read right Cheeseburger Saturday! I eat pretty well during the week but during the weekend I need at least one greasy meal complete with french fries. So we went to In 'N Out. It did not disappoint.
Brass hook and eye clasp and tiny spacer beads
When I watched the film, I was amazed about how Hollywood wasn’t always the racist institution in its beginnings. Before there was a Rudolph Valentino, who many identify as the first major sex symbol of the silent era, there was Sessue Hayakawa , a Japanese-American whose popularity rivaled many Caucasian actors. He successfully transitioned into talking pictures in more supporting roles culminating to his highest acclaim earning a Best Supporting Actor nomination in the 1957 film, The Bridge of the River Kwai.
Maybe it’s because I have never experienced something like that in Real life before, only watched it in the movies, and we all know that movies are fake, right? I mean what guy would be happy just holding your hand? Sitting with his arm draped over your shoulder and letting you cuddle into his side? Or sleeping through the night half naked in bed just holding you tight? Only one in your dreams or on the big screen.
A couple of weeks ago I started Project Healthy, my attempt at making some real and lasting lifestyle changes. I kicked off Project Healthy with giving up my greatest love: soda.
Found this video on YouTube of some drunk nonsense. These idiots are drunk and doing it in broad daylight. I’m not sure exactly what they are doing to someone’s tree but all I could think about is how much that tree must have cost at the Garden Center!!
Atlanta, which just missed out on a wild card berth after its late season collapse, also has plenty of pitching with the likes of Tommy Hansen, Mike Minor, Tim Hudson and closer Craig Kimbrel (the 2011 NL rookie of the year) and offensive players like catcher Brian McCann, first baseman Freddie Freeman, second baseman Dan Uggla and outfielder Jason Heyward.
I believe that we are living in a divided nation and this division is creating stress on everyone, as what was once common decency and mutual respect for differing opinions, has become a mud-slinging, gutter sniping, public evisceration of “gotcha” politics. The latest casualty is Rush Limbaugh, whose remarks have set off a fire storm on the left, calling for Limbaugh’s sponsors to drop him. Radio campaign next step against Rush Limbaugh – Washington Times
There's talk of him playing a "more critical" role in government. I assume by this they mean being more questioning rather than more important. Perhaps they mean both. Either way I think this is the wrong reaction.
May they stand fast, then? not an hour except you above them and all
Oddly enough, I've always been able to do walking meditation without effort. Exercising in Mindfulness is the term Gen Kelsang Losal used when I told of her of this. This is certainly one of the reasons I find going on walkabout one of the most zen of activities.
the sun hits
08 - Boogie No More 06:08
Maybe I won't come up with some stupid bumper sticker. Life's too short to deal with lawsuits and copyright infringements.
Whitney
This is before roasting. Got lemon, butter and thyme.
I whipped around the corner, and saw them in a glowing pink cage.
"Yeah, that'll work. So lets just get started...
Notice the epoxy stickers... "I love you in the morning, I love you in the evening..." I decided to use them throughout my entire album to emphasize how much these women mean to me.
1) I got all of my questions answered about the annotated works cited project. I feel as if it will be do-able, if not necessarily easy-peasy.
My coach, Adam, is pretty much awesomesauce, and when I come up with a hair-brained idea, he's usually all behind it (or else he tells me I'm insane, but knows that I'll do it anyway). I'm pretty stubborn, and I like to convince him that my ideas were his ideas all along. Seriously, he couldn't charge enough to have to deal with me.
29.Which historical figure do you most identify with?
Balogh writes the story in the present tense but she drifts off into the past with how these two had met. The past was clearly stated and not confusing as some can be. The story was told perfectly to let you truly get into the story.
A speck blooms on the golden horizon,
03. I Saw It Cummin' (Back Alley Bozack Mix)
Say it out loud. Every day is Día!
The fact of the matter is, I’m not quite sure what to do with this space anymore. Commenting on politics feels like beating a dead horse. Maybe more “My Life” stories and less “OMG look what the hell they’ve gone and done now” posts?
Please have a safe and happy Christmas and a Happy New Year!!
Myth #1 – Organic Church is a New Method for Doing Church
not doing things … the easy way … always done so
What really got me was the Hoover High School Chastity Club. Those girls managed to be the perfect mean girls. Body obsessed, perfectly dressed, and obsessed with a good girl image. You know anyone who openly berates people for not taking a chastity pledge is headed for a pretty big fall from grace.
And being non-existent
Author Rebecca Cohen has organized 365 ideas for spending 15 minutes outside with your children every day, rain or shine. The activities are categorized by month. Some are simple childhood classics like rolling down a hill, flying a kite, or climbing a tree, and others are more original or involved. Here is one of my favorite ideas for March:
BAPTISMAL REGENERATION In considering this subject, we shall do well to begin by endeavouring to ascertain the true meaning of the word Regeneration, as employed in the New Testament ; and then proceed to inquire into the connection of this spiritual experience with the ordinance of Christian Baptism.
As a courtesy, please link back to me so that your visitors may find their way here to visit with all my lovely participants.
Rune FactoryRune Factory: A Fantasy Autumn Moon
Be sure to visit the Cheery Lynn Designs Challenge blog for more inspiration. The challenge this week is Birthdays. You can enter for a chance to win a $20 coupon for shopping at the Cheery Lynn website.
What is it that you love so much about Italian gialli? Any particular favourite giallo titles, writers or directors you admire? What is it about them that appeal to you so much?
Speak back my life to me, as I curl up warm and cosy to drink from;
3)that having to empty amniotic fluid from your cute ballet flats into the toilet is an awkward moment
3/4 cup of butter
They are Farms of Hawk Run Hollow (cannot believe how expensive this chart was lol), JBWs Antique Christmas Trees, Mother's Garden by Blackbird Designs and 1797 Ship Sampler by Carriage House Samplings. I did get fabric for these but just cannot afford the speciality threads needed..I may have some but not all. DMC it will have to be and I am sure it will still look fine.
Wednesday afternoon and I am patiently waiting at home with Eleanor, waiting for the Veterans Association to come and pick up the donation that is tidily waiting on our front porch. Eleanor is dozing on the couch, I am watching North and South (most delicious British drama) and drinking peppermint sun tea. Vincent is nowhere to be seen…
"The trade in lion bones to Asia is a new development," he said. "Official figures going back to 1975 show no exports of lions from South Africa to Vietnam or Laos. Similar growth in the trade is forecast from 2010 to 2011 and moving forwards.
Organized protests
6:30PM -- about 3/4 cup crock pot corned beef
I loathe every second of your embrace.
Okay, don’t be annoyed. I’m not trying to go all Days of Our Lives cliff-hangery on you, but this story was just too long for one post. Come back tomorrow for the rest of the story!
He looked at her.
Bomfunk MC’s Freestyler FIN
In the National, with 40 horses jumping the same obstacles simultaneously, it is hard not to envisage accidents. The large number of fallers creates more problems for other jockeys and horses to overcome when the course is gruelling enough as it is.
05. Cruising The Rough
5. The list goes on and on. What list?
Mike would make a great pastor. This is a sermon worthy of Spurgeon
Seriously, take a look.
Often I will pick up a cookbook thinking I’m going to like it only to be put off by its style or content. Not so this time. This one’s a keeper.
not tolerate it. We denounce your obscenely unjust and unlawful codes
I might make a sampler quilt using some of them at some stage I think - it would be a brilliant skill builder!
You know I’m starting to love my Wednesday’s. They start off with me getting to sleep in until Chase gets up to go to work (8am!). Then I get to lounge in bed checking my email and playing my little smartphone games and whatnot.
anti-crime patrol team
soft is the sway of dark hair
I can either use this side for a memo board or for more stamp storage while I am working on a project.
2 C all- purpose flour
in Central Park's green grass I'd lay
Whitney Houston fans all over the world were stunned by the sudden, untimely death of the 48-year-old superstar singer in February. The official cause of death was listed as drowning brought on by the effects of heart disease and cocaine use. Her public struggles with substance abuse are well-known and were acknowledged by Whitney herself. Regardless of what led to her death, Whitney leaves behind a musical legacy and valuable lessons about self-worth.
Protestors dressed in black clothing smashed windows of retail stores and banks, and spray-painted parked cars, reported Q13 FOX News. NikeTown, American Apparel, HSBC, and Wells Fargo were among the businesses protesters vandalized.
When I was a Christian one of my favourite songs was “God Loves Everyone” by Ron Sexsmith.
Phreak: …tons of damage.
Of course that’s not quite correct. Hemp came way before corporations. Hemp is even older than money—has actually been used as money, the real kind, not faith-based money (fiat). In early America, taxes could be paid in hemp. Nowadays our tax dollars feed the rounding up of marijuana offenders and packing them into work prisons. Yes, our taxes perpetuate the drug war cash cow (that would wither without marijuana), and insure that hemp will not threaten the status quo in this corporate-controlled home of Big Oil.
How kind, even though I am no longer a mod ! And her accompanying email said it was also a thank you for organizing the swap - which is almost done; there is just one person who is still awaiting a package, which is being shipped internationally to the USA via a three-legged one-eyed decrepit old mule, I think - this poor person has an estimated 10 more days to wait before delivery ....
Prince Remy is also a favourite as we read about the lengths to which he goes to find Cydney after the events three years before. It's actually pretty sweet to see that someone can carry that kind of loyalty, despite the weight and responsibility he shoulders, and the determination to follow through on what his heart is telling him. I think it is nice to see teenage characters who are mature and are not always in the midst of some kind of angst, for a change.
Message: If a guy tries hard to save you then your ass is his. (Literally)
“This item cannot be shipped to the address you selected”
It's summer break for the girls at Beachwood Academy and that means sun, surf, and sensational escapades at the Beachwood Country Club. Abby, a rising sophomore, is so excited to have gotten a last-minute gig as a lifeguard, especially because jobs are usually reserved for club members.
1. Place the flour on a plate. In a shallow bowl, beat the eggs; place 1 cup cheese on another plate. Working with one cutlet at a time, coat the chicken with the flour, then egg and then cheese, pressing to adhere. Transfer to a plate.
Fear is such an interesting thing. It is something that really gets to the core of us as a species. It’s an uncontrollable thing and sometimes it catches us unexpectedly. Whether it is a shadow on the wall at night or a steps descending into a dark basement, it can catch us by surprise and reduce us to 5 year olds.
Anyway on that sweeping generalisation I shall go to bed! Good night and it is very nice to be back!
Regulations relating to smoking in public places and certain outdoor public places
1.Remove Ya
Thus, while others were yet in the womb of historical oblivion, the sages of India had developed a different kind of civilization, which enabled them to know themselves. They had discovered that we are not at all material entities, but that we are all spiritual, permanent, and indestructible servants of the Absolute. But because we have, against our better judgment, chosen to completely identify ourselves with this present material existence, our sufferings have multiplied according to the inexorable law of birth and death, with its consequent diseases and anxieties. These sufferings cannot be really mitigated by any provision of material happiness, because matter and spirit are completely different elements. It is just as if you took an aquatic animal out of water and put it on the land, supplying all manner of happiness possible on land. The deadly sufferings of the animal are not capable of being relieved at all until it is taken out of its foreign environment. Spirit and matter are completely contradictory things. All of us are spiritual entities. We cannot have perfect happiness, which is our birthright, however much we may meddle with the affairs of mundane things. Perfect happiness can be ours only when we are restored to our natural state of spiritual existence. This is the distinctive message of our ancient Indian civilization, this is the message of the Gītā, this is the message of the Vedas and the Purāṇas, and this is the message of all the real ācāryas, including our present Ācāryadeva, in the line of Lord Caitanya.
Last week you gave your readers nada, zip-pity zip, nothing. It wasn’t that you had nothing noteworthy to write about, cause you did – it was that between work, social events and side jobs you agreed to a million and five projects and forgot to schedy in some Jaclyn time. So listen – try to be more realistic from now on. Stop being such a creature of habit and extending yourself to wafer thin widths.
On Dec. 19, Farris pleaded guilty to receiving and distributing child pornography over the Internet. He admitted to using a peer-to-peer file sharing program to receive and share child pornography.
Pretty quick and simple considering the time constraint. But here's the supplies:
I am getting the word ‘turmoil’. So if you feel like you or your life or a relationship has been in ‘turmoil’, or if you find yourself thinking that when things appear hard or unjust, or that the world seems to be in turmoil, please try to stop your thoughts in their tracks and turn them around. Remember, we are now in an accelerated phase in time where our thoughts manifest into reality much more rapidly. Your wings may feel heavy, teared or burdened but they are preparing to heal and fly again. And earth is cleansing and healing.
I can't walk through the park 'cuz it's crazy after dark
If we believe the Word as fact, by definition we believe all of the other beliefs of Christianity. (Old and New Testament. This is not meant to insult Judaism in any way, but this doesn’t apply if you don’t believe in the New Testament.) The Bible says that Jesus is the Son of God, that He died on the cross, and that if we believe that he was resurrected (which you already do if you accept the Word as fact) we are saved and will go up not down when we die.
Missy Moo has learnt to crawl. She still much prefers the commando crawl that she has perfected, and I have plenty of Nonna made clothes for her to get dirty so I'm okay with that.
“Over here there are still about five witnesses to what happened. In Britain some soldiers are still alive. I think there are more than 10 on the British side. There are many who have passed away in Malaysia, most recently Tham Yong in 2010. But we documented their testimony.
Tony has a used heart lying around, that his assistant has saved for him, so he stumbles to get it and the movie ends with Tony- as Iron Man- taking on his old friend in a suit twice as big as the Iron man.
I was lucky enough to hear Aeronwy Thomas on two occasions: the first time at a literary festival in Richmond. She was speaking about her father and mother and the extraordinary childhood she had had. Although I cannot now remember everything she said for it was many years ago, I remember the weather was terrible - snow , cold, you name it - but it hadn't affected
Denial of our addictions allow us to continue our destructive behaviors. In fact, the very nature of denial encourages us to bury our feelings and emotions. Essentially, we just quit feeling anything. And when we can’t do that on our own, we seek “medication” to assist in that numbing feeling.
Before I stick the edges together, I add double sided tape along the bottom of each strip. I then stick the corners together. Next I take the cover off the rest of the sticky tape and carefully place it in the box base...
After you get an offer, you may be tempted to check if your boss would make you a counter-offer. The people who play poker with their offer letters are those with huge egos who think that the office cannot run without them.
Idaho – 31.8 percent, 33.1 percent
"Hey, driver," he said, "what kind of gasoline do you put in your cab?"
Coffee Chicken Flatbread
Saturday August 23, 2008 - 03:55pm (EDT)
Sugar, a little
It speaks of leading captive “silly women” laden with sins. The translation of the word women in this verse comes from the greek word “Gunaikarion” which is a contemptuous phrase for “little women”. I can see many single mothers being led into the FEMA camps under the disguise of being a safe place to be relocated to provide for their young ones. There will be men led into the camps too. However the phrase silly women or weak women depending on the translation is used because men are less likely to accept going into the camps. Men have that I can make it all on my own mentality, when women will not. Women are more likely to feel that they need a man to survive or the government to survive. Both of those mentalities are evil. We will survive by the hand of God, not by our own power or by the government relocation programs to be done in a national emergency.
PEOPLE LOOK.
They are looking for someone who wants to have fun and you do not have to have previous DT experience.
PS. The morning after addendum on 1/12/11 is that I realize that this list of expectations could be much longer. I have left off a myriad of people/organizations we have expectations for, who may or may not live up to them: the President, local politicians, the mail lady, the next U2 concert I attend, the grocery store clerks, bus drivers, the next episode of “Top Chef”. The list goes on.
Rescue Me
No. I have never had such thoughts. If this is what you have to say, fine and good. I am neither a preacher or teacher. You are not my disciples rather. We are here on some thought sharing.
(734): i wanna say it was the lack of skin on her face but maybe she lost her job.
As also there are not three incomprehensibles, nor three uncreated, but one uncreated, and
Me: Imogen, did you enjoy the play?
Author: Wikipedia: “Fitz James O’Brien (also spelled Fitz-James; December 31, 1828 – April 6, 1862) was an Irish-born American writer.”
I cringed a little at that. Because if there is one thing I don’t know how to do, it is spell or punctuate. Or count, but that’s a different issue.
STEP 7: Stitch the piping in place using a zipper foot or one made especially for piping. When finished you now have one piece of fabric that houses 2 edges of piping.
Oh surely we can change,
So here is my prize. It is called Symphony in Blues and it's a king size quilt. It has been beautifully machine quilted, and it's quite heavy. Not exactly sure where it's going yet, but right now, it's piled into a chair in the family room where I can ooh and ah over the quilting on it, and hope that one day my luck will extend to having my very own long arm.
(written April 21.)
All my life I have tried to pluck a thistle and plant a flower wherever the flower would grow in thought and mind.
The most common place to see the clones. (and let’s not forget those who are also bred from special dna hybrid programs)? Hollywood…movies, cnn… fox…. world leaders… modelling…. actors… entertainers, sports, popular and/or highly influential luciferian cults… anywhere where there is a person of influence… keep in mind these programs have already existed for half a century at least, in highly funded projects, and much longer in quieter circles.
Time: 6-8pm
When Toddler M was a baby, we spent most days playing with toys and running errands together. As he got older, about 15-18 months, that wasn't quite enough anymore. Our days seemed too long; we were both bored by the end of the day. We started adding some structured activities, and it was good for both of us.
Nobody likes being wrong – It’s a very unpleasant feeling. That slightly embarrassed and frustrated feeling we all get when we are wrong will likely make you wary of making more embarrassing and frustrating mistakes further down the road.
It’s very good made in advance and reheated gently while you are boiling your pasta, adding in a bit of the pasta cooking water to the sauce to keep it from getting too dry.
Where the movie really falls apart is in the story. I’m not sure who can be blamed for this, but Seth Grahame-Smith has to shoulder most of the responsibility. The movie is overly long and yet crammed with too many story threads to really do service to all the characters. There are some plot points that just pop up out of nowhere, and you wonder why there was a need to put them in. This movie all most begs to be a series of movies as there is a wealth of stories to use, but in one fell swoop it’s blown it’s load so to speak. I’m not sure if it was a want to reference as many story lines from the original series as possible but it just didn’t work.
What about Crap Writers Say?
These people stand straight and project a confidence and posture from years of disciplined training. Their minds are alert to the people and surroundings due to zanshin training. They do not join in cliques because “they stand alone” but they recognize, respect and gravitate toward one another. Only warriors understand other warriors. (Only karate people understand karate people. Everybody else thinks we are crazy).
One of the lunch highlights, were the birds flitting around which included hummingbird breed, Anna’s Hummingbird and a bald eagle which had its nest up in a tree less than 500 feet away.
They may change who we are or even change who we are around them where trust is so masterfully shattered it can never be rebuilt again but they can never destroy our inner love for love, life and living.
I carried on to Anderson Road, and followed it to Renaud Road. Outside the urban area, the air felt cooler and the mist more permeating. My fingers and toes began to grow cold inside my gloves and running shoes. It was almost eight o'clock when I reached the Prescott - Russell Bicycle Trail, and still the sun hadn't burned through. Where the trail passed through trees, patches of crusty snow still covered the ground. At the edge of the trail, last year's goldenrod and Queen Anne's Lace bore a delicate glaze of frost.
Dear KK: ROFL! Yes, honey, that's a big part of it, but it's more in honor of Hunker D. If you'll go read A Squirrel's Tale it will explain a lot. Be warned, though, the little bugger's pretty long-winded.
What Amanda is going through reminds me of the pain of loss that so many others have gone through- Hallie, Lynn, Angie, Satch, Tim and even me.
Erin is now 32. And always my May Queen. I wrote this song when she was a teen, and we were going through some “funk”. Of course, you never went through funk with your teen, right? Right.
I thought of the sweet lady that's in my locket
"Man, something's upsetting my stomach," I informed my grandmother with pretended confusion, grabbing my midsection through the wonderful hoodie. That blessed thing. I pushed away the potatoes she'd made for me. "I think I need to go sit down. I'm unsettled."
This is an easy craft, especially for all those Pre-K and K classes out there starting off the school year with an A theme. These are so easy to make and would make a great class Apple Tree display.
Barack has figured out that he is going to have to move to the center if he plans on getting more than 12 votes in 2012, So let’s just say that all those Boshevik dreams will have to be put on hold for another couple of decades or so. Long after Bill Ayers is gone due to old age. If he dumped all of his promises with a Super Majority, imagine how lame he will be after November, when voters who are so offended by his insults and policies go out and vote for candidates who, in normal times, would be considered Certifiable Nuts, just to neutralize Barack Obama. It’s that bad.
However, there are two other leads, one in Park Rynie and one in Umkomaas (all nearby) that we're looking into, so all hope is certainly not lost!!
Some of the things there that interest me are:
Hook-up water
The movie was fantastic. Keeping in mind that the last time I watched it I was probably 8 and not even mature enough to have the hots for Leo. Anyhow halfway through the movie, when Rose stares up at Jack from her descending lifeboat in slow-mo, I start to feel a bit weird. When she leapt off and ran towards Jack, and does the famous "YOU JUMP, I JUMP" thing, I couldn't take it. I completely lost it and sobbed uncontrollably. Out loud, in the middle of the cinema. And I couldn't stop.
In that moment, I realized how absurd it is to try to be in control of this person's life. UNEXPECTED THINGS ARE GOING TO HAPPEN. Crazy, silly, mortifying, embarrassing, difficult, challenging, memorable, smelly, messy, grace-needing things are going to happen. It's just a given with Josh. Here is a child who is an adventure. Life with Josh is going to be really, really different and I can't control that. I can try to pretend that I am in charge of nothing bad ever happening or I can buckle up and ride the ride.
gray (American spelling) and grey (Canada, the UK and Australia) are the same thing.
I was looking back and some posts and I saw that in November 2008 I had set out a 5-year budgeting plan for paying off student loans. We paid off the last one in May 2011. According to my calculations, that is only 2.5 years that it took to pay-off the loans ... half the original budgeted time - talk about motivating! I believe because I set out the plan and we used every extra cent to put toward the loans made it go faster. I also minimized payments on all but the one with the highest interest rate and then rolled over that payment plus the minimum payment to the next in line, and so on and so forth until they were all paid off.
machine faster than shotgunning a Budweisenheimer. The
We saw a great deal of the house, though I’m sure it’s only a small percentage of the whole place. We visited some of the manly areas: the billiard room, gun room and top-floor observatory. (No telescope or anything; we didn’t get the audio tour, so I’m not sure why it’s got that name.) I enjoyed seeing the grand banquet hall, with a seven-story arched wooden ceiling, triple stone fireplace, pipe organ and seating for 38 at one table.
If you would like to link up and share your current works in progress please leave your link below. It can now be either to your specific blog post or Flickr photo. There are no rules, only that your link is current and something about a craft project (of any kind) you are working on. Don't forget that there is now a KCCO Flickr group for you to share your crafting photos at anytime.
And we headed off into the mild March evening, feeling young, renewed by music. Holy.
When the Elizabeth Fairlie Ramsey returned to Tobermory, the crew had not only spent more than ten hours at sea and travelled just under 100 miles but had also circumnavigated the Isle of Mull.
Official Race Stats
2) Big Country may have an opportunity to compete for a big-money television contract against the Big East, which when last seen was busy reinventing itself after Pittsburgh and Syracuse (and subsequently West Virginia) decided to leave the league for greener ($$$) pastures.
Here’s the problem – we think our “budget” is all about how much $$ we have to accomplish the task. I’ve got another resource to consider: people.
You cannot reap that which you did not sow.
Female Reps:
*You are potty training yourself. You *usually* tell me when you have to go potty but will occassionally have accidents. You have even gone all night without a pull up!!!
Another thing that the book shows is how similar the people wielding power actually are, of course Snow showed himself from a far worse side than Coin did, but her final action, even though logical, was the final proof of her being similar to Snow in more than one sense.
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN? If you wish to borrow, 1) please use the link from the post, 2) give credit to Churchmouse and Churchmouse Campanologist, 3) copy only selected paragraphs from the post -- not all of it.
In the name of saving them (I know, this is how far my disease has gone; I'm now saving popped balloon parts from year to year) I thought that instead of gluing them, we could make our collage on a bulletin board with thumb tacks. We would have our fun and still get to keep those balloon parts for whatever grand project comes up 5 years from now.
Saturday afternoon was spent exploring the rest of the convention since I hadn’t really been out of the main hall. Ashton had found the guys demoing Hero Mages and challenged me to game. Of course he beat me.
do not look for me,
Today has been far more productive: yoga, laundry with the worst washer/dryer set up ever, skateboarding at the Junkyard Skate Park, and and hour at the gym for free because we said we were "testing" it out. Not my fault if these fools are going to give us two weeks of gym time for free. We just had some good Thai food and I think it's now time to fold laundry and read for a bit. Easy livin' here in Trollywood.
(click on any of the pictures to see them larger)
Today I am thinking about the broken bread, the broken body. In these next few days before Easter brokenness will be much on my mind.
They’re going to kill me now. Kill me and feed it my snacks. Give it my room and my books.
Unfortunately for Hwa Yong, DAD announced that he will submit Bu Yong’s name in the selection instead of hers. Everyone’s in shock as Bu Yong called Dad in protest and Hwa Yong silently sheds a tear. Dad tells Hwa Yong to sincerely prepare her younger sister to enter the palace and she couldn’t do anything other than to agree.
LA: I guess so. We were over at SXSW last year and we were on a Scottish bill for one of the shows with The Twilight Sad. Actually, I follow Aidan Moffat on Twitter, he’s a very funny Twitist. He was going to some awards show recently and mentioned that the only thing he’d heard of on the bill was our band and I didn’t even know he was aware of us.
While the lamb was resting, I decided to try another shot at grilled Caesar Salad. A big thank you goes out to all the Eggheads on greeneggers.com who gave me advice on how to do this better than the one that sucked last week.
back porch coloring. family train ride (museum of life & science, durham). hot cocoa and a chocolate croissant -- not a bad way to start a tuesday (parker & otis). future picasso? gardening with friends (kidzu, chapel hill). hunting for butterflies with caroline and caleb (museum). rex and bronto go everywhere with us. the first haircut. check out my new 'do. "cheese!" waking up and looking so much like once-upon-a-time little boy daddy. prince ben rescuing princess sydney atop clubhouse mountain . . . at least that's what she said. i can't get over how old he looks with short hair. deep thoughts mid-swing. hot dogs and pickles, his favorite lunch, with jack (saladelia cafe). i guess he's not ready for 18-24 month pants yet . . .
5.Output circuit : NPN open collector
2 intention
Totally. I mean, if you don't even rate it - and you're the author - what should we think?
Most of the time though, the new effects aren’t even noticeable unless you already know about them. The blink in the Gorn’s eye and the replaced cityscape in ‘Arena’ really are so subtle you could swear they were in the original episode all along.
Where – Gallery 40, Brighton, BN1 4AQ
Thursday -- Any type of cardio for at least 30 min. Most likely a run
Immediately, my husband went out and approached other native tourists who were holidaying there. He knocked every door at that odd hour, some responded and some did not. In the meantime, he encountered a joint family having members from an infant to an elderly on wheel chair enjoying a walk after dinner. My husband expressed his woes and asked for help from them too. They promptly took my husband to one of their rooms and offered some medicines which were prescribed by the physician and a packet of Electral. They also assured him to feel free for any sort of help any time during that night. He came back and gave me those medicines and told me about that lovely family. I could see the respite and confidence in his eyes. I too blocked negative thoughts and took those medicines.
Joshua felt the same as you and me, “Lord, what will happen? Will this work for me? Moses – he is one thing and who am I?”. But God turns to him, “looking straight into his eyes,” said three times: “Be strong and very courageous!”
What sort of muse should inspire
Rod joined the search party to help investigate his dad’s disappearance. It’d disbanded at nightfall and picked up the search again at daybreak, but they’d found no sign of his dad. Rod guided a canoe deep into the marshes and swamps. He’d hunted with his father many times in these wetlands so he knew where to check. No word or sign of his father made the cold, Christmas season stab like an ice pick, and his heart ached for his mother, left alone.
The meat of Discovered Authors is their ‘assisted publishing’ imprint, Four O’Clock Press and from what I can see, it is the imprint generating most of their book output. This is their bread and butter imprint, and while Discovered Authors profess to engage in various models of publishing described by them as mainstream publishing, partnership and self-publishing, Four O’Clock Press is the one that will define them—rightly or wrongly.
“I don’t mean anything like that.” Naida’s tone seemed drab. “I was talking more along the lines of seeing something or someone in a dream, and then meeting them the next day.”
Who cares about contests? Do you? I know I always feel as though I can't win, so what's the point? Well, I have yet to find an answer for that question, but I continue to do contests randomly on this blog. Here's the deal. I have an Advanced Reading Copy (ARC) of my book, The Guardians of Elijah's Fire. It's paperback (the book will be printed in hardcover) and it has a completely different cover (cool as well, but unique.) There are hardly any of these left, so for you collectors out there... Kabajing! You have a chance to collect...it
The winner was the Lychee, I usually hate lychee because it reminds me of gewurztraminer but this was nice and lightly fruity and tart. I hate to say it but the loser was the Bruin. Not my kind of brown and I wasn't a big fan of the dry-hopping. I'd love to try it without the hopalope.
There was a local collection which raised thirty thousand pounds, which went some way to returning what she had lost. “They found her a nice flat in Windsor which is an area she loves, so that was ok”, Jon said. When he visited her, though:
-The ozone layer story was a big lie.. the real cause for skin cancer, was all that nuclear radiation from the uranium testing, mining and much more… the sun doesn’t cause cancer… the sun is life.
Want to know about the mystery?? Well, it's not worthy of a big CSI investigation, rather the photo was taken rather quickly before the piece was taken to the framers, and the color looked really funky on part of it. As soon as it is picked up from the framers I'll get the complete photo up on the blog.
"If I were a girl, I'd despair. The supply of good women far exceeds that of the men who deserve them."
So much of what we do in life and especially as mothers can be mundane, seemingly meaningless, sometimes boring, often frustrating, and occasionally stinky and gross. We can look at those who build tall towers, act in magnificent plays, teach great leaders, manage world affairs, or proform some other great act, and wonder-what am I doing with MY life? When do I get to show off MY talent? How will I use MY degree? What will I have to show for all of MY hard work and sacrifice? Witnessing the great love of the sisters I realized that no matter what we do-if we do it with love and mercy-we do great things. We build Strong families, we teach our children, we watch the performances and antics of our children with delight (and if our lives where reality TV shows we all would be swimming in money!), we see the talents of our children grow and improve, and as for the degree...well who cares... it will still be on the bottom of that shelf waiting for us when our kids have grown and left us. For now we chip away at that to do list with love and generosity. When all is said and done we will have lived a life of greatness and of many many small victories. The love that we share will travel the globe with our children and our children's children- there will be no end in sight.
God gave Man authority over the whole earth and all that was in it. After the blessing God gave authority. As proof of Man’s dominion over the Earth, God brought the animals to Adam to name them.
Why do we not discuss terrorism in this document?
Paper: Basic Black, Daffodil Delight, Whisper White
"On Wednesday the 29th of November 1961 at 15:08, after several delays, NASA launched what was to be their final test flight. On board Mercury-Atlas 5 was Enos, a temperamental five year old chimpanzee. This was to be a full dress rehearsal for John Glenn’s historic flight just three months later.
I’ll write something more thorough tomorrow. Hugs to all
of my picture books - about a dinosaur called Little Rex - and so I mentioned this idea I had for a series of books about a witchling called Bella Donna to them, and Ruth Williams, the editor there, thought they might be very interested – but would like it written for a slightly younger market than I’d been thinking of.
The thought has been on both of our minds as we've slowly erased the evidence of previous tenants in that once cave-like space. The dark, dreary blue that covered the walls when we moved in was also swiped on the ceiling, smeared on the door frames and baseboards, even spattered on the window -- a careless job that made for pain-in-the-ass repairs, which we'd already had to do in the other room with much trial and error. We didn't have the skills to remove the baseboards for recoating, so D resorted to using a painter's taping spatula to shove old sheets under the baseboard edges followed by pieces of corrugated cardboard, all to shield the carpet while I painted over the damage. It was maddeningly slow. But with every drop of blue we obliterated, the room felt cleaner. Lighter. More and more the nest we've wanted it to become.
I still haven't filled out the oval next to my choice, but when I do I'll make sure she's in the room.
Satay made from immature sneaking egg ( uritan ) obtained from the hen’s reproductive system upon butcher. The immature eggs are boiled and put into skewers to personify grilled as satay.
-”you can take out your anger on me but not on that tree.”
THE CUTESY THING HAS A NAME. I AM DEAD NOW.
Finn: "Ariel's song? I don't care for that one."
The ‘outrage’ game isn’t going to be a factor in the council elections so the SNP best ‘jog on’.
YES! She won! She's so pretty, let's see if she cries.
Another subspecies, known as the Cape “black-maned" lion, which ranged along the Cape of Africa on the southern tip of the continent, is also extinct. The last one was apparently killed in 1858.
Crazy makers, simply put, are individuals who directly or ignorantly sabotage our creative pursuits. These could be family members, friends, colleagues, neighbours. They're people that don't respect you or your time and will put considerable effort into distracting you into giving THEM your attention rather then your artwork. And we let them. This was a potent subject for me.
I’m going to give you a little advice. There’s a force in the universe that makes things happen. And all you have to do is get in touch with it, stop thinking, let things happen, and be the ball-
First, a little history of the logo. It was created for the very first Earth Day in 1970 by a graphic design student. The Container Corporation of America (now part of Smurfit-Stone Container Corp) held a design contest which university student, Gary Anderson, won with his Mobious inspired arrow design. Part of the contest rules would be that the final artwork chosen would become part of public domain (which means Anderson never receives any royalities from its use – he did however receive a scholarship grant and bragging rights).
He told me how the world works
Folks, I have been asking for months now, actually more than a year, where is Calder Hart? Why has Anand Ramlogan not yet arrested him?
A big phobia of mine is feeling chained down and not free to do what I want to do. So to de-stress and regain my personal freedom during busy times, I rely on the little things that keep me sane, like taking lots of fun study breaks (which usually involve food: Indian dinners and 2 a.m. ice cream snacks), thinking of exciting future events, and making spontaneous phone calls to my friends, just to catch up and hear about the good things that are going on in their lives. And soon enough, I feel invigorated again to hit the books.
It is important that you use glossy cardstock which you can find at your local scrapbook store. There are on-line stores that carry it too. Use your search engine and put in "glossy cardstock" to find a store for you.
It's kind of like being a teenager and finding out that Oh thank the Lord your parents really did adopt you and Paul McCartney is your true father.
Positive things and positive thinking always out weighs the negativeness of this life.
White vinegar softens fabric and stops static cling. Add a cup of vinegar to the wash, with a few drops of lavender oil for odours.
But in the Zero-Tolerance aftermath of the Columbine massacre, Charlie goes too far.
I’ve done some significant study of and work with Carl Jung’s ideas of synchronicity. I find this compelling and I often observe it in action in my life. It seems to function strongest when there is great change and strong emotions involved, and this new job situation was certainly that. I postulated that Mother Ayahuasca had taken a good look at my life and decided I needed a strong push out of the comfortable nest I was stuck in. The method she used is appropriate to her not being a physical being in this world, but a “spirit” being. Perhaps, she could manipulate our world through methods of synchronicity to bring certain events together.
Still at least it only took 5mg this time. Progress Ladies and Gentlemen!
So yeah after we had danced liked there’s no tomorrow it was time for our 2nd Lady Bucie to hit the stage. Wow!!! I can’t even begin to describe how everyone went Crazy when Bucie went on stage, the guys were Drooling all over her and I must say that her outfit didn’t make things easier 4 them as well .lol poor guys. When she started her 1st song there was some technical clichés but that didn’t ruin the mood at all. Bucie kept the crowd entertained (You don’t want to know what she was doing lol) and once that was resolved she was at it again with her hits such as “Turn me on” and “Superman”. Honestly the way Bucie moves really does give people ideas, “but I’ll rather not go there. “Get Over it” was indeed the song of the night, it got everyone singing along and screaming her name from all corners of Hills Lounge as she caressed the crowd with her smooth dance moves.
Drove all the way down to Texas State at San Marcos only to arrive at a class that was cancelled. I spent 15 minutes on campus and round trip commute of 2 ½ hrs. Guess that’s just how it goes sometimes. But on the bright side I was able to obtain more thread for the actual thread piece. And I worked a little here and there around the house and mentally prepared myself for the rest of the week. I am still exhausted but that’s how it goes.
The American Civil Liberties Union, otherwise known as the ACLU, has come out and denounced the South Carolina immigrant law. An ACLU “mobile rights team” arrived with the Spring of Life Lutheran Church of Pastor Sandy Jones who had previously been really critical on the anti-illegal immigration regulation inside the state.
I finished my first French book of the year, Jules Verne's Voyage au Centre de la Terre. My second will be a translation (nonfiction), which I felt bad about at first, though I really have tried to find nonfiction in French I enjoy as much as in English, it's just hard to find a writer whose style I like. But after listening to the program, I guess I'm just contributing to a vital part of the French literary market! It seems like a contradiction, that they have such a rich literary tradition but still need to import, but maybe it's more a supply/demand thing. French people love to read, less people write in French than other languages, so translate to give them more to read!
The criteria have changed now and it only takes a month and a certain amount of forum posts to apply for the full membership – which is free. All levels of membership of the colony are FREE. I like that word.
Despite these initial setbacks, Disneyland opened to the public on July 18, 1955, with an entrance fee of $1. Over the decades, Disneyland has added attractions and opened the imaginations of millions of children.What was true when Walt Disney stated it during the opening ceremonies in 1995 still stands true today: “To all who come to this happy place – welcome. Disneyland is your land. Here age relives fond memories of the past and here youth may savor the challenge and promise of the future. Disneyland is dedicated to the ideals, the dreams, and the hard facts that have created America… with the hope that it will be a source of joy and inspiration to all the world. Thank you.”
In 1616, Spaniards officially founded Medellin in El Poblado. However, the valley and the area were explored by them as far back as 1541. This, of course, does not mean that indigenous peoples did not reside here before the conquistadores supposedly “discovered” America. The Aburra Valley, for example, was named after the region’s ancient pre-Columbian inhabitants. We should not overlook the longer history the valley shares that predates 1675.
The weaker flour produced by the soft wheats is preferred for making biscuits, crackers, pie crusts, and starchy breakfast foods. The most common types of commercially planted wheat are common wheats, durum wheat, and club wheat.
David Ortiz- 2-4, 2 2B
NA: You were discovered on MySpace and on your blog you wrote that for inspiration you needed to go run through a cotton field naked. Have you ever done that?
4 induced
Get ready world...I'm back!
sigh, I wish this could be April fool joke. But it is not. Someone is copying this blog exactly, even the nuffnang ads code as well. Most probably using machine or software to copy, but then they don't know that the nuffnang code depends on the address of the blog/website, so you could see error msg on the blog.
Makes @ 14 oz.
People take jet planes, they come and go for various reasons. Our lives mingle with others in such inexplicable ways. We can be enriched by the experiences or made bitter. I had a drink with an ex-boyfriend a few nights ago; he’s been quite ill but manages to be upbeat and positive. We have remained friends and still get together sporadically. I like being able to hold on to connections like that. Over the last 22 months, I’ve made great friends through this blog and your comments and holiday greetings have given me a sense of richness. Who knew I’d have acquaintances all over the country-all over the globe?
For me, writing is something that connects the parts of my life, even though I don’t always write. I once quit a job to write a novel, but found I had no intrinsic talent. I was young and didn’t have the wisdom to know that there are two types of talent — the intrinsic kind that’s called talent, and the learned kind that is in itself a kind of talent, the kind that that comes from trial and error. Even if I had known about the second kind, I didn’t have the patience to write the million words it supposedly takes to learn how to write, so when life got in the way, I let it. Other things simply were more important. (Some people believe you have to have a passion for writing, that it has to take precedence over everything else, but writing is not always “life” nor is life always “writing.” If one does not live, one has no reason to write.) Years later when my life had pretty much come to a standstill because of various misfortunes, I took up writing again, but when my life mate died, I lost the desire to write fiction. Perhaps one day the desire will come back along with a different focus and possibly a different talent.
Her second chapter heading is a quotation from William Blake, ‘Imagination is the Divine Body in Every Man.’ So straight away, she is talking about the relationship between imagination and soul, and seeing creative writing as a spiritual undertaking.
b - I didn't want to drag our big secretary down the stairs and outside just to paint it
I thought Riley would growl at her, but he didn't--he backed off. Is he afraid of her? Intimidated? (I picked her up and put her in her crate so that he could eat in peace.)
These two examples demonstrate the huge scope for squeezing Muslims within the confines of Option 1 (Enhanced). The ability to apply pressure gradually in this fashion, incrementally tightening the vise, would be one of the advantages of this option, which creates no sudden flashpoint likely to induce disintegration as per Option 2.
There is a notable difference between our Eye and a camera’s Sensor system. The difference is this, Our Eye sees things in continuous motion and high rates of speed (something along the lines of video), whereas the camera is designed to see things as individual momentary pieces of halted time.
"But try to understand, try to understand
7.) The Ellen Show
Butte Creek Brewing Co Chico Organic Pilsner Pilsner Revolution XI anniversary beer
He hopped in the car. In my raspy bronchitis-y dying bird squawk, I said hello and asked him how his day went. He just continued grinning at me.
Keep myself a priority. This, too, is a hard one. If I am busy, anything for myself flies out the window as it’s the easiest thing to do away with. I fall into that trap too easily and then it’s hard to snap out of it. So, I must do my best to keep myself at the top of the list and learn to manage everything else around it.
Added Dunlaw: “I wish he was here right now. I think he’d know how to help me pick up the pieces of my life.”
Chapas, who works as the upback, was told to make the decision on whether to return the kick or take a knee in the end zone for a touchback, but the angle of the kick made the choice difficult.
Forbidden Blood is a dark, sensual tale of betrayal, revenge and a love that knows no bounds.
Statistics show that I was the least likely to be adopted.
The Boers were winning the Anglo-Boer war, because it was a fair fight, a fight they could fight, that they were able to fight, and once again they were the inventors of guerilla warfare, a much superior approach particularly at the time. The Boers started losing when the British stopped abiding by the rules, which made it an unfair fight. The British started burning down their farms, killing their cattle, destroying their land and homes, burning them to death, rather than shooting them in a fair fight. The British then caught their wives and children, threw them into concentration camps where they murdered the women and children by starving them to death, letting them die from thirst and disease. The rules were no longer being equally applied and they broke the spirit of the Boers, the broke their morale and the Boers had to capitulate, because they could not win an unfair fight. They held the Boer soldiers to ransom and forced them into submission. That is why the Boers lost, because they were no longer fighting a fair fight. In a fair fight they would have won the British, but they could not stand-up to the inhumane strategies of the British.
All around us, on our way to the upstairs track, were people after people on machine after machine. It really was an awesome sight to behold, and when you think about it… it’s pretty cool to think that all of those people are working on their fitness. On the other hand, it’s yet again another reminder of how far I’d let myself go, because there was a time (25 years ago) that I would have easily fit in with that crowd of muscle-bound gym rats!
To a certain point, of course, you would be correct. There are no guarantees in life. But because of the grace offered to us by Jesus Christ there are guarantees we can take to the bank, so to speak.
Landon's Birthday was a busy busy day! We went to town to get his two year pics taken...what a stud! He LOVED every minute of it!! He was such a poser! I couldn't believe it! I was craking up the whole time.
In the meantime, I need to decide on the perfect teal color for one of the walls in this space. I bought some paint samplers and painted them directly onto the wall (they were on sale for a dollar each at Lowes!).
7) When that plan fails. Go for the arresting officers gun so your friend can make a break for it.
I did a few breathing excersizes, and talked myself down. I exhaled slowly as I stepped on the scale and there it was… 4.4 lbs just gone. So, that’s my experiance this week.
There are also js scripts available to disable to back button however I prefer handling it gracefully through application. There will always be a specific browser version which won’t work with the script. So never trust such scripts for critical steps. You don’t want your users to resubmit same information by clicking the back button.
He became a lawyer, though he can be forgiven that as a youthful indiscretion. His political career began in the Illinois General Assembly, the most beloved state legislature west of the original colonies, where he protested passage of a pro-slavery resolution and, in his spare time, represented a freed slave who was recaptured by her former owner. He won the case of Bailey v. Cromwell in a style that even the judge admitted was “absolutely adorable.”
Nazri stressed that the Government had no plan to bail out any parties in the suit in order to settle the suits.
No explanation needed, but we’ll give one anyway. Sure he can go back to TV and perhaps try again next year, but he really lost his opportunity, even as his followers lost their enthusiasm the second he actually announced his candidacy.
Senator Kennedy was the only one of the four brothers who was not taken in his youth. But even at age 77, after 15 months of crossing swords with cancer, he seemed at the height of his game -- a pivotal figure in the victory of Barack Obama and a key player in the impending healthcare debate. Why at that moment, many people asked. Why do bad things happen to the people we need the most?
Well the first blog I ever read was Kelly Korner. I am sure that many of you have read her blog before I consider her Oprah of the blog world :) If you have not checked out her blog it is very inspirational.
Filmic representations of Italian or Italian American mafias since 2000; discussions of group identity, gender, trauma, violence; cross-cultural approaches welcome. 250 word abstract and brief bio by 15 March 2011; Dana E. Renga (renga.1@osu.edu).
And then we have Robert Loggia. Big Bob. Every movie like this needs a villain, and I guess Loggia fits the bill as one, even though he basically plays the evil stepmother who keeps the princess (his daughter) away from her one true love (the truck driver). It's not like Loggia doesn't do a good job: he shouts and screams and makes the veins bulge on his neck and his temples just like any role being filled by Robert Loggia would come to be known by. However, the problem here is Loggia's Cutler character just isn't "Robert Loggia" enough. He needs more scenes where he's screaming, his veins are bulging, his voice is shaking with rage. This is like Robert Loggia Lite we're witnessing here and it just isn't enough for a movie named Over The Top.
We would like to run the gym as a registered charity (accountable to locals via the Town Council). We are confident we can run it professionally and within budget, ploughing any profit back into the facility. However, to date, 1610 are refusing to discuss the issue. They would not go on local radio to talk about it. They have refused to meet with the group or the Town Council. They want to keep the gym - but keep it closed. Now where is the sense in that? Without wanting to be a conspiracy theorist, you have to wonder why?
Rich and I went to see Schloss Nymphenburg (and its gorgeous rococo corollary 'summer hunting lodge' Amalienburg) on Sunday. Nymphenburg was cool, but Amalienburg took my breath away. SO gorgeous, SO over the top, but its very small size made it seem eminently livable. And the kitchen...oh the kitchen. It pushed every interior design button I have and then a few more after that. The TILES! The painting! AAAAGGGHHH! I adored it.
You can find these videos and more information about them here. It might be a helpful resource to you or for your church. No matter what you use, make sure the Bible is taught well!
You will have to do at least one on the list below.
“It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun.” (Henry Wadsworth Longfellow)
Secrets told.
1. Hair
Above them all you take your place,
Finishing off my cards for today is this little number. The background pattern for this card was created simply by stamping the harlequin background repeatedly in different colors. The first pass was in gray, the second pass was in yellow and slightly offset, and the final pass was in blue, filling in the gaps.
A 26-year-old, Ugochukwu has thrown residents of Ibusa, a settlement near Asaba, the capital of Delta State, into bewilderment and palpable tension for allegedly impregnating his mother and step-sister.
W is for Worst Habit:not putting things back where i got them from. I'm working on it, i swear!
‘’’’One appalling fashion in architecture is the widespread fashion for apartment blocks that are layered or serrated and look like Hong Kong slums’’’’
Trumer Pils
Here are a few other duties to think about this month of November. Continue mowing lawn grasses as long as they keep growing, 3” is a good height. Apply Winterizer fertilizer to lawns to strengthen plant stems and roots for winter growth and early spring green up.
Miss Dedrick, a teacher's aide from Albany, was marching close to Union Square when she was surrounded by police and sprayed by a NYPD Deputy Inspector
Work has been crazy. DH is happy with his job. The family is all doing well for the most part. We'll all go to visit my grandparents for Thanksgiving, and then I'm pretty sure we'll be back in AZ to visit with DH's family for Christmas. I like AZ in the wintertime. I just hope the trip involves a little less crying and maybe a chance at announcing some good news. SUPER SLIM I know, but a girl can hope, right?
Much improved.
The only rap song I ever enjoyed was an ironic sporting ditty called Come on, Aussie, come on!, sung by a man who was obviously an outlandish humbug. I defy you to listen to it three times without joining in at the chorus. It now has an exalted place in my pantheon of favourite Australian hits, a coterie which includes Tie me kangaroo down! and Bite me arse, yer drongo! You can always trust the Australians to turn something vulgar and inane into a humorous classic.
It has the same soft fruit palate and the same invigorating gunpowder finish. The light in Mulligan's isn't great (that's my excuse for these crappy photos) but it certainly looked to be the same shade of yellow. There did seem to be an extra smack of bitterness in the middle, but that could easily have been my imagination. Colin took a sample and assured me that it was the correct beer; that it tastes totally different to Helvick; and that I have the gustatory acuity of a donkey with a headcold. Colin doesn't get these things wrong.
can be heard from hell and back
We finished up with a couple of beers outside, to free up the table for those patrons who wanted to order the humongous plates of food, then finally toddled back towards the centre of town, and the brewery we managed to avoid on our first day, Brauerei Fässla, just across the road from Spezial.
Now before any of you start to panic and flail your arms about and cringe in fear…. I have complete permission from my Psychiatrist to play with my drugs in this manner. I am talking the difference of 1250mg Apo Divalproex to 1000mg. As my cycle ups and downs (over a span of weeks to months) I add or drop this 250 mg to accommodate.
So my actual birthday didn't feel like a real birthday, really. Maybe that's a sign of finally growing up, when it just feels like another day? That's ok, I can still make magic birthdays for my son. And I got lots of birthday wishes from my friends and family, so that's always nice.
“The scent of Kṛṣṇa’s body surpasses the fragrances of musk and the bluish lotus flower. Spreading throughout the fourteen worlds, it attracts everyone and makes the eyes of all women blind.
This card was made with sheet music which has been lightly stained with Antique Linen Distress Ink. Heat embossed the Laugh stamp. The flower is made up of sheet music, flowers from stash, glitter spot net and filled with micro beads which were alcohol inked with gold.
My brother told me about his quest for the boudin eggroll at Janice's grocery in Sunset. They have it advertised on the menu, but every time he tried to buy one they were sold out.
I saw the film as part of the FIFA festival of films about art, in the broadest sense, in Montreal and I interviewed director Mark Stokes (MS). (No, this FIFA has nothing to do with association football).
groom's side of the family stand up as well?'
Then Snyderman takes out the big club and warns: “I worry that, if we are under-vaccinating our children are you start to see things like whooping cough coming back, this is the canary in the coal mine. Last year we saw children die of measles and I worry that, if we see whooping cough and measles, that polio can’t be far away.”
Divide the mixture between the muffin cases and bake for approx 25 minutes until risen and golden.
As I hang it on the tree today, I get goose bumps and then a rush of warmth. And that’s why I decorate for Christmas. Not to impress but to remember. I remember those lean, lean years, and God’s faithful provision for us.
One more time: Find Ada Street on 1664 N. Ada Street, (773) 697-7069. Ada Street is closed Monday and Tuesday, opens on 6 pm to 2 am on Friday and Saturday; Sunday, Wednesday, Thursday open ’till 1 am.
It is a truck depot and Mohammed Iliaz is the watchman. He watches over trucks that are parked by the roadside and in the yard behind the main office. The main office is a narrow two-storeyed building and Ilu (that’s what his wife calls him, he tells me later when we’re talking. He has two school-going kids.) is sitting outside with the manager and another young friend who works there. The manager, an open-shirted man who speaks little hindi asks the usual questions and tells me he’s waiting for one last truck to turn up before he shuts shop and leaves.
Now if Restaino would only come help me envision my home!
BBC3 HD Internet stream, tracked, normalised and tagged
Happy Training/Racing…..
- We took a mini vacation to Green Bay to visit friends. It was very pretty up there in Wisconsin.
The police arrived on scene but, after a search of the park, they had similar luck. One of the officers is a friend of mine (that’s what you call a cop you’ve bumped into on dozens of jobs through the years) and we spent ten minutes jawing about this and that before calling it a day on the great search and rescue expedition dubbed the ‘phantom ranter’.
It is for us to stand and do not bend.
The snow so bright, I weep. Weary to rest
(***Coño is slang for a woman's private part...though this word would be considered vulgar and crude in most cultures, in Andalucia and Cuba it is used frequently for emphasis, and considered by many to be no worse than saying "damn."
This layout comes from a sketch over at Let's Get Sketchy! They are having a DT call and I thought I'd throw my name in the hat! What have I got to lose, right? I'm very proud of this page. I have many favorites of my own and this one definitely tops the list!
So what of Roy? Let’s be honest, it didn’t really work out at Liverpool. Perhaps if behind the scenes circumstances had been different he might have had a better ride and been afforded more patience? As it is the overriding experience is of a Liverpool side stifled by a rigid if well organised system, what would Roy have done with a player like Luis Suarez? Then again perhaps we could say that the players weren’t flexible enough to meet his demands as it is Gerrard and Johnson will get another chance to come to terms with Roy’s world!
And yet it's the power of severe storms that really frightens us. Just this week, a tornado ripped through a rural southeast Michigan community, damaging or demolishing homes (USA Today article). Earlier this month, a large number of tornadoes wrecked havoc "across the South and the Midwest on Friday, leaving behind at least 27 deaths, hundreds of injuries and countless damaged buildings in several states", the New York Times reported.
The journey of wholeness entails entering the dragon’s lair, getting to know its darkness and fears; making friends with the dark feelings and pain. Eventually you will be able to seduce the dragon into becoming tame enough for you to kill it and to retrieve your treasure : your golden magical child.
A young man who saw the explosion said the dead pedestrian was one of his fellow classmates.
Sounds like Tom Hicks never wanted to sell to the Nolan Ryan group in the first place. Is there animosity between Hicks and Ryan? Yes? Can it be resolved in the usual manner?
Williamson WD, Percy AK, Yow MD, et al. Asymptomatic congenital cytomegalovirus infection: audiologic, neuroradiologic and neurodevelopmental abnormalities during the first year. Am J Dis Child 1990; 144: 1365-1368.
(Ignore those crumbs – the dog will get those later.)
This is very difficult to reconcile with our individualistic culture and lifestyles. Even the nuclear family unit has broken down to the point where younger generations have no concept of community. Either that or their only concept of community is one of dysfunction, abuse, and violence and hence the increase of street gangs.
While there are plenty of things I could pick on about my life, “that’s not good enough,” “I should be…” “I wish…” or “If only…” I’m not sure I could lead a more fascinating and varied life of amazing friendships. And though many I don’t see or talk to face to face nearly enough, I am honored to have crossed paths with all of them.
This sparks a lecture through the rear view mirror, directed at my children. I lecture on what bullying is and isn't. I explain to them that bullying consists of someone going out of their way on a regular basis to threaten, harm, tease, harass, and make people generally afraid and uncomfortable to be at school. It's not as simple as name calling.
were souls distressed,
But our ideals – and our dreams – are worthwhile considering if you are a young person considering your vocational options, an adult looking for work, a boss trying to engage employees, or a worker wondering how things could be better.
Ron takes me over to a large tablet looking item and proceeds to show me all of its features.
And once again,
My mom found some little wooden toys (as well as a little forklift) on our adventure to Value Village today, and I thought it would be a good idea to stick them in the light box when we got home. I also threw my dying flower into the mix.
The player of destiny
I had to finally admit to myself that I had ballooned into a soft, sloth-like creature who had lost his way. No...biggie.
Allison Beckstrom is committed to her work tracing illegal spells. Now, there's an apocalyptic storm bearing down on Portland, and when it hits, all the magic in the area will turn unstable and destructive. To stop it from taking out the entire city, Allie and her lover, the mysterious Zayvion Jones, must work with the Authority-the enigmatic arbiters of all things magic-and take a stand against a magical wildstorm that will obliterate all in its path...
Henry (Aiden Heald) seems an amiable chap, but the play begins only after his watery demise. Four of his friends are left behind, but they find that they were only really connected to each other through Henry and they are now gazing at each other over the pit which remains. Chloe and Eleanor (Eva O’Connor) bicker about the latter’s “slutty” example, whilst Connor moans that he and his dead friend had previously affected a mere appearance of apathy, but that he is now genuinely weary of life. “Am I boring you?” he asks the audience. “I don’t give a shit.” Liam (Ribbles MacRhea, apparently) is a priggish and pernickety Catholic, as “gay as Christmas,” who is very arch and knowing, and he does everything conceivably possible to annoy the others, whilst still ending up as essentially a cute cuddly toy. Although Liam has little hissy fits about the others’ cigarettes and drugs, he does not have any credible alternative.
~ Anatole France
I felt like a real princess as I crawled around on my hands and knees scraping up sparkles off the floor.
-River Front Park in North Charleston is where they shoot all park scenes as well as many other waterfront scenes. Also, right next to the park is the neighborhood where you can find all of these houses as well as the administration building. When you turn right into the park turn left just before the parking lot and you will immediately see the administration building on your right. Keep driving and you will see the other houses. Unfortunately, Roxy's house was no where to be found. Nor could I find Piedmont place(Roland's office). The old Hump Bar is located across from the POV office. If you drive south from the River Front Park on the King Street Exd you will see the back of it on your left. It is on Meeting Street. If you get to Blu Gorilla Tattoo Parlor you've gone too far south. I hope that helps anyone who wants to go visit. If you do plan on making your way to Charleston check out my post tomorrow for cool places to go and eat!!
So what’s this have to do with this here page?
Here are my thoughts and memories about sightseeing; about being a kid and being an adult with kids:
Then its time to go teach the co-op agility class for the club. I usually let Miley and Java run around a bit. Not a long time but a few minutes. I want Java to think agility is fun and fast. You probably wont agree with me letting my dogs do this....
But that's not all...
Edited to add: I'm linking up to Pancakes and French Fries William Morris Project. I did not write this in a particularly William Morris fashion, but my William Morris theme is using what you have, even if it takes you eleven tries.
This varies according to the client. Some I have regular contact with and become chatty and close; others prefer to talk to me only when their deal is going through., about the business details. It is helpful for me to know how people tick, so I see and talk to my clients as often as possible.
With shinning stars.
Ok, once the heel is finished, you continue knitting the long tube, just as you did before when you made the foot section, all the way up the leg to the desired length.
Here are all the reasons not to be in a relationship, including some I have never heard before. I love that they include weird breakup stories from the audience that are more bizarre than I ever thought possible.
Okay, so let’s look at this Hanna cited Wiki article. It says that “a majority of scholars identify Nazism as being a far right form of politics” (Not that modern leftist academics would try to sweep the idea that their fellow travelers were embarrassing horrific murder machines under the rug or anything biased like that). Okay. So the academics agree!
Well, indeed they did, but it was still a complete waste of time, money, effort – and lives. By December 2009, The Guardian was back on the case with a report headed: "Taliban stalls key hydroelectric turbine project in Afghanistan". The strap read: "Convoy diverted British troops from front but generator may never be used".
To be in that crowd is nothing short of awesome. A solid 2 mile long stream of people all running and all buzzing. Happy days.
We have only managed two bike rides on it so far as obviously we can't leave little Sweetpea on her own (or the other two as they may kill each other lol) but here is to many more years on this fab bike :-) x
After a couple minutes, I pretended to look through my purse for my flash drive and as I scrounged around for it, I nonchalantly glanced back through the window toward the apartments. Know what I saw? I saw that "the guy who was stalking me" was actually just a reflection of the librarian!
This was the morbid reason I wanted to go to the museum
Because he wanted to ease my pain.
Or something that didn’t involve running.
“I can no other answer make, but, thanks, and thanks.” - William Shakespeare
How long until you listen to your heart?
Me: Trust me, I don't.
Pyramid Breweries, Inc. Amber Weizen
I stamped the part of the large butterfly circle quote that had the words 'time enough' onto natural cardstock using Archival Ink jet black, cut out the words and glued them to the bottle. The 4mm white silk ribbon was colored with Distress Ink and tied around the bottle.
(Phoenix News Wire) — One of the remaining unfound clones of Benjamin Fulford has gone rogue and attempted to sanction well-known political and financial Buddhist mogul, Daisaku Ikeda.
While I’m in agreement with Ogorek’s basic points above – that the early formation of the publishing industry was an aristocracy and perceived by the working classes as elitist. It is worth noting some important points as to why this is the case before we fire off the canons and let every self-determining author charge onto battlefield. Many of those early publishing houses began life as printers, and over time as the book industry developed, they made the transition to publishing houses while maintaining their in-house print facilities. It is interesting that we are seeing a similar transition by printers over the past fifteen years to paid-publishing services – Thomson Shore (USA) and Anthony Rowe (UK) and A. H. Stockwell (UK), who were, and still are, very well established printers for mainstream publishing houses. Strained economics have certainly played a big part in these transitions.
somebody wants to kick the can
Conform or be cast out
We include in the ‘sidebar’ a list of the last 5 post (firstly we included two more fields in the posts table: ‘created’ and ‘modificated’), so we must upload function beforeFilter() of AppController by using theClassRegistry:: init () because we want to load a model that is not ours, and then store them in session so that the view can get them.
Not two minutes later,.. same guy, knocks on the door again and says "Are you still in there?"
I'm worried and frustrated.
Carlotta Carlyle series by Linda Barnes – Insubordination got Carlotta kicked off the Boston Police Force and now she is a cab-driving private eye. She’s six feet tall and a red-head. Her ex-boyfriend has Mafia connections. Her mother and her maternal grandmother are Jewish (her father isn’t) and they have passed on a lot of “yiddishisms” during Carlotta’s lifetime. Trouble of Fools is the first book in the series and they all get better from there.
"I guess for some people it would feel good to hold someone's cock, but for me it would be really, really strange."
Acts 22:3
So I was to let my adopted children run the 300-odd square metre backyard, but their wings were not clipped. Meaning that if they went over the fence somehow, the bull terrior next door would have an early dinner. I used to have budgies once, almost 15 years ago, and I had clipped their wings during hand rearing. I figured it was much the same. Pouncing on ChickadeeTommy (the invariably more tame one) I lifted her from the coop and held her to my chest, stretching out her wing and using (I know this is horrible…) CHICKEN SHEARS to clip the flight feathers. They don’t feel the pruning I swear.
(The cartoon really doesn't have much relevance, but I couldn't resist!)
Born in Dallas Texas in 1980, Justin is a wine sommelier and restaurant manager. Justin notes his reason for trip as “taking this trip to further my perspective in this world. To make me realize how fortunate we are to have the things we have and try to spread the joy of life to those who can’t relate to that joy.” His hobbies include: Sports, wine, traveling, and charity work.
A series of 7 negations follow in verses 5-7 which highlight the impotency of man made god’s who, precisely as creations of man, are more limited than their makers. They cannot speak, see, hear, smell, feel, walk or talk. Those who make them are like them; so are all who trust in them, i.e., useless and impotent. The irony is intense: “Just as God creates in the divine image and gradually shapes in the divine semblance, so idols reduce their adherents to nothingness” (Konrad Schaefer, PSALMS, pg 284). For other OT polemics against idols see (Jer 10:1-16; Isa 40:18-20; 41:6-7; 44:9-20; Wis 13:10-15:17).
But God understands them. God speaks that soul language, and more than that, God treasures every salty drop.
Pulling up on bikes there is no immediate indication that there is a cafe here. Only upon a little closer inspection does one see the a small little buzzer, with a small piece of paper with little cat pictures and some Japanese words surrounding it, around the buzzer.
Do I really need them? Of course not! Then why do I say 'No' for things otherwise I would like to have? Maybe because I am not aware of that there are 'Yes' -es, behind that 'No', Until now I hadn't looked behind my 'No'. Actually with any kind of postpone, a simple little 'No' let in uninvited guests, whose embitter the life.
~Ethan, when asked if he wanted to answer
I’ll close this bit of reflection with a old Pink Floyd song that speaks on the same subject:
Cover this with 2 layers of foil, so that it is closed nice and snug.
I hope you'll have a beautiful day friends!
Are you looking forward to the GW2 beta weekend? Did you play TERA or D3 open betas? If so, what did you think?
a good friend to us needs all y'alls support and love. just keep our pal, a.boxer in y'alls thoughts/prayers/chants/meditations - she's done it for me and i know she'd do it for all y'all! i KNOW it works. this community we have formed has sustained me as much as the people i see everyday and i know how much expressions of support help!
At first sight this is a classically produced Parsifal with only several counterpoints that the conservative critics apparently liked. A couple examples of these counterpoints: the knights do not wear armor but are the modern men wearing suits, the community is not lost in a desolate forest but trying to survive in an empty lifeless space... Other than that it is a totally narrative staging with several spectacular images that are beautiful, not overcharged, stylish and perfectly toned as to lett the music make its impact on the crowd.
I am still furiously working on that sock. And then, of course I still have to knit the other one--which is the problem with socks...you have to make TWO! And I'm not yet finished with the scarf, and I haven't started the hat, AND I've decided that a beret would be an excellent gift for a birthday party that the girl is going to on Sunday (they are quick and easy...really, they are). Oh yeah, and I'll need to be educating the children too. In other words, I'm a tad swamped over here--or buried beneath a pile of yarn--whatever.
It's the real life love story of a couple married for 72 years, and they were together right until the very end.
Cain’s talk has lead to some interesting discussions among our faculty, staff, and administrators. Our librarian Derek Anderson has ordered several copies for the library, science teacher Liz Gottleib brought the TED talk to our attention, and Director of Admissions Dan Babior is organizing small group discussions to see how Cain’s thesis operates at Marin Academy.
With the flower pattern trend reaching up to the peak this season, I couldn't help but to improvise it myself. Although I'm a little more careful since I still couldn't find any floral mix that I'd love to have all over my legs, top or anywhere else, I remembered this jacket I used to love when I was about 14. Once belonging to my mum, I never stopped simply adoring it for its material and the way it was designed. Velvet (one of the chicest and comfortable components you could get for a blazer) and another way of letting flowers decorate the piece make it unique and meanwhile add the typical Paul Smith twist to it. Being famous for his colourful designs, Smith has done an absolutely chic way of predicting and transforming an up-and coming trend. Although one most probably doesn't find me in such colours quite often, I still like this compostion. Coral is one of my absolute evergreenes and shows that soft tone, which the current pastel-colour-thing tries to do so hard. As some might have recognised, I did this post about the whole pastel hype and how much I just don't get the intention of some girls wearing it (to get a long story short: Super pale girls like me should stay away from pastels). However, and as already mentioned in the pastel-post, I additionally remembered my old sweater (which I fondly described as that kind of colour I get during turbulences in a plane), which just perfectly matches to same greenish-grayish kind of the flowers on Smith's jacket. I can't clearly describe this kind of colour but to let it sound a little more fashionable and charming I'd call it a slight wannabe-pastel-but-remaining-low-keyed-and-NOT-candy-glossy-looking green. Perfectly matching to the coral, I combined these beautiful earrings made of corals, I just recently purchased.
Remember - the goal is to restore jobs back here at home - not to be abrupt
Shirt: Classic Tank-Blue Mouse- Illmatic
When this was finished I added on the middle part that Rapunzel's tower rests on. With brown tinted fondant I simply cut out strips and rolled them up and attached them to the tower. I did basically the same thing for the tower portion, except they were straight strips and the rolled ones around Rapunzel's window were just larger rolled fondant strips.
Hannah Barker
Our day seemed to go by so quickly but it was getting late.. I had a few other places planned for those who wanted a bit more of an adventure...
For the photographer the different is that in the posed pose he directs the person or the people in question. Like in a studio he sets the light, brings the chair or whatever to sit on, etcetera. In professional cases such posing might well include laying the makeup and setting the hair. Male of female. For the street photographer the pendent would be that he asks people to take on a certain bodily pose, move to a certain location, etcetera.
TinTin, War Horse and Hugo may also be contenders. Leonardo DiCaprio and Clint Eastwood are definitely contenders for J. Edgar; possibly Meryl Streep for The Iron Lady and David Fincher for The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo. I would be interested to see what the others members of the panel have to say about this
It was only after social workers notice an upsurge in cases of child grooming that police reinvestigated and made a series of arrests which led to yesterday's convictions.
So here's the deal: I've just spent three weeks - THREE WEEKS - writing The Post From Hell and it's a mess.
The longer answer:
Their daughter tells of how they wept when they first glimpsed one another after such a long separation. Their joy overflowed. No words could express the moment. Later they just sat side by side in their wheelchairs, not needing words, just holding hands and being in the others presence.
Yo I love them kids, they love they pops
(N.B. This was done off the top of my head in quite a short time, and I don't have access to my beloved legal textbooks at the moment, so it doesn't go in to great detail, but I will update this post when I have got them back to provide more references and detail and generally clear it up a bit.)
Personally, what I love about the Comfort Wipe is how they talk about toilet paper as a disgusting, revolting product in tones that suggest they're struggling to restrain their gag reflex, and then demonstrate how it's completely dependent on the existence of toilet paper.
This is a very easy meal to make, but the only thing that catches me out every time is the 2 hours setting time. Every time, without fail I forget to allow time for this. I forgot again today but we still ate it for lunch without the setting time. It still tastes the same, it’s just a little messier to eat!
A month ago, we sent out five queries. And this is what we got so far.
Chris looked down, then at Ann, then back to David. “What’s causing the light?”
I don’t normally pay too much attention to recruiting, particularly this far out from the next signing day. But I came across this story and figured you guys might be interested:
Romans 12:2
Or may be Devki was just malicious type.
Play along with our challenges throughout the month of June and you will be eligible to win 3 digis of your choice from the Sweet 'n Sassy Stamps store.
A quick description of our life:
A wart can be described as tiny, hard growth upon a person’s affected skin which looks like a hard blister. Warts are ubiquitous and can come from unforeseen places. Touching frogs do not trigger warts. The outgrowth is brought on by a virus referred to as the human papillomavirus. Warts generally vanish entirely following several weeks but they also can persist for numerous years and may reappear.
"Life is a banquet and most poor suckers are starving to death."
Irwin, William. “Mad Men and Philosophy: Nothing is as it Seems.” 2010. John Wiley & Sons Incorporated.
My kitties aren't really interested one way or another.
I am surprised that Kittens Ablaze is not a hard-core punk band. Instead, they're an Americana/Indie Rock band with cello and violin, and even cat loving women! I could make a comparison to Camper Van Beethoven, but somehow that doesn't quite seem right.
The challenge will close as usual next Saturday at 8.00pm GMT.
... checked the weather hour-by-hour for the next two days to see if, in fact, we'll get all three of Trey's baseball games in without being rained out. Pray that the three year old can endure. Seriously.
If he was indeed worried about toll charges, then he should have personally asked Penang Chief Minister and DAP Secretary-General Lim Guan Eng to abolish the Sungai Nyior Toll and Penang Bridge tolls as these promises were made by DAP to the people should they take over the state government.
The memo notes that Rev Ruling 75-425 has given rise to some confusion with respect to employees of Belgium as it provided that income under the 1948 Belgium-U.S. income tax treaty exempted from tax the compensation paid to employees who were citizens of the employing country. Prior to the publication of the ruling, however, the new 1970 income tax treaty between both countries was signed and did not exempt such income from taxation. Rev Rul 75-425 was not updated, but was subsequently obsoleted by Rev Ruling 2007-60.
This guy’s name was Kevin and though he is mild mannered to look at you have to understand that that’s the best way to be when you’re a stone cold killer. I’m not pulling an appendage here, this guy is like Dr. Hannibal Lecter with a Ron Paul bumper sticker on his medical kit. He stands up, he starts swiping out some Robert’s Rules and has every cancer spot in the room thrown his way as all heads whip to his general direction. Want to know how many beads of sweat was on this guy’s brow? None because I already told you he’s like Hannibal Lecter, in fact if anyone who knows him happens to read this you are no longer permitted to address him by his Christian name rather you shall only refer to him as Dr. Hannibal Lecter.
Mobile services switching center (MSC). The MSC performs the telephony switching functions of the system. It also performs such functions as toll ticketing, network interfacing, common channel signalling, and others.
Baku is a sunny wheatfield.
Me: Oh, im gonna get the nipples.
Talking to those who are already in the market will help you find out what’s a good rate for your work, as I’ve done. In my talks I’ve found that the going hourly is $25 (USD) and those with a network of clients earn significantly more. But if I were to come in and say $15 an hour, a very liveable wage here, would severely hurt everyone else and my future prospects. It would create the expectation that writing is only worth that much, which if I’m writing 1000 words an hour equates to 6.66 cents a word. I earn that for a short submission to some of the local publications.
It's very kind
Email is still a great tool I use through the workday. But it can distract, overload, confuse. And it doesn’t take place of the human voice, the handshake, the conversation, the doodles that can help provide a solution, inspire our creativity, keep us on task with goals, and simply add back the human element back into our workdays. C
our peacekeeping capacity and the
37. You can’t do that on television
Muffin mixing is a delicate art! It requires gentle and brief mixing so the muffins don't come out tough.
The opening scene brilliant sets the stage. Released from prison on February 11, 1990 after 27 years, Mandela (Freeman) travels in a motorcade that passes between two fenced sports fields. On one, white youths in spiffy uniforms play rugby. On the other pitch, black kids kick a soccer ball. The black kids rush to the fence while the white kids' coach tells his charges to mark the day when their country went to the dogs.
This is phlox pilosa,' Eco Happy Traveler'. I took the cage off this evening to put it on something else the rabbits have been eating. I hope this is large enough they won't be interested in it anymore.
Potpouri
I thought it would look great in my daughter's "new" room,
The real question is not whether life exists after death. The real question is whether you are alive before death.
Not all the students were checking their techniques.
I just called Dr. Ego's office too and left a message. I just wanted to make sure that we really can do IUI next cycle (which starts in a couple days...eeek!). I don't really see why we wouldn't be able to but it just feels weird because I haven't talked to him since November/December!
So, I've decided to experiment and try and make philly cheesesteaks. They obviously aren't true philly cheesesteaks since I am using roast beef instead of ribeye but I am certainly hoping they will taste like the real thing!
I went as part of a program called Have A Good Night, a really wonderful artistic endeavour set up by Jerome from Blog Up Musique. He puts together a compilation CD each year available for free download. It consists of lullabies for children from 20 or so indie bands from around the globe. The result is a really beautiful CD that I was lucky to be part of this year. As part of the program, some participating artists were asked to come to Lyon and do a day of concerts for children at a local elementary school. um....YES!
Our pension was the cutest, the owners wonderful and friendly, and our room large and perfect. Things were looking up. Now all we needed was a good night's sleep so we could explore Ceský Krumlov come morning.
7:22 - Carey Goldberg
“In picturing this event, an odd character discovered that motion pictures were being taken, and it became impossible to keep him away from the camera.”
“Book ShopsPlease apply to us, via the contact form, for information regarding orders.”
If you are like me and have been swooned by the warm, seductive flavor of real vanilla beans, then this will change your life. Well, at least your baking.
The suffering of the Palestinian citizens of Israel has been ignored for decades. But there is today a growing awareness of it, which partially explains this smear campaign against me. In December 2011, EU ambassadors in Israel raised serious concerns about Israeli discrimination, noting that "not only has the situation of the Palestinian Arab minority in Israel not improved, but it has further deteriorated".
“A” – A greeting, usually elongated into something like “aaayy!”, like what Fonzi used to say.
More random junk:
I dream. These pictures were taken in March... Next week I will take a walk here again and things will look a bit different. It will be more green.
There were screams of pain and you could see some of the skin/muscles melting & maybe even smoking a bit, it was terrible, and a few people/kids died in the attack; and the rest were seriously injured or had some injuries or were in critical condition.
Billy Winn, DT, Boise State – Extremely talented player with character concerns. A little small for a DT (under 300 lbs), but tall (6’4″). Technique concerns and lack of effort caused him to slide.
6 T light butter
We have faced danger before, but this time our foe is legion, and we face a powerful and well organised enemy within. To say that is not to be alarmist. Nobody will now deny that for the first eighty years of the last century, there were those amongst us working tirelessly for our destruction at the hands of Soviet Communism. Communism has gone away, but those who sought to destroy us have not, they have merely moved on to a new and more deadly attack on the West.
Mine is a classic case of BICHOK (butt in chair hands on keyboard). In 2005, I started seriously writing with the clear goal to get a New York publishing contract. After penning five dark, edgy romantic thrillers and a YA with dark undertones, I needed something with a little more light and laughter. Something fun. I wrote CHLOE but didn’t submit to my agent because it was so different from what I’d written in the past. No serial killers or painful family secrets. Just a big-hearted heroine with a closet full of great old shoes.
Look for Old World on Facebook, too.
Last weekend we couldn't resist checking out an estate sale at a home designed by noted Detroit architect William Kessler. The house we visited in Lansing, Mi is a replica of Kesslers own home in Grosse Pointe Park.
Sorry to be a party pooper but it's just not fair on those who enter each week who follow our ruleys!
So that He will not hear.’
Now, to the picture of Mildred Packer.
Don’t get me wrong, I am a man of faith. I hold true to my beliefs and I would stand my ground if anyone had tried to take what I value away from me. Where I would draw the line is when 1,600 childrenare killed over my personal beliefs in a matter of 12 years. 1,600 human beings over 1 of me? I don’t get it.
6. Work with fellow bloggers on projects (if you're interested email me)
10 - Astru Naming Ritual For Caresse (2:07)
"Whatever your cookin' is stinkin' up the house."
But that wasn't the worst part. The worst part was, with an 8 week cast, I turned eleven at the end of May and could not ride my brand new blue ten speed bike until mid-June.
Or maybe they’ll be a little more gracious and recognise The Lion’s Roar for what it is: a gorgeous, gripping study of English and north American folk music that covers as many of the genre’s quirks as it can, without crawling from cliché to catastrophe.
Digital stereo microphone
Those who give without strings attached oftentimes forget their good deeds.
(Wendy & Abigail, on the set)
No profit yielded saturated head.
The fifties saw the birth of rock and roll. Elvis and his swinging hips must have been quite the scandal.
PS – If you understand the title of this post you are either a) insane or b) Miken or Josh
Their eyes will shine instead.
And as the milestones told me I was approaching Bhadravati, I started looking around at places that I thought looked promising. I passed by some really good looking stuff, there were isolated houses amongst green fields and this perfect looking little post office with a verandah. But I got greedy and didn’t stop. The more distance I cover today, the less I’ll have to ride tomorrow and then the ghat road from Shimoga to Sagara was something I was very wary of. This would prove to be a big mistake and I would soon discover that I could long for a post office that I saw but for a split second.
I am loving our weather.
Stacey: Don't be envious. I work too much. (No clone, just me and my crazy schedule.) I'm actually going to take a brief hiatus this fall. I've spent the last four years working harder than I should have and I need a break to refill the creative well. My first YA hardcover, JULIET IMMORTAL releases August 9th and then I'm working on edits for two other contracted books (ROMEO REDEEMED, the companion book to JULIET IMMORTAL, and BLOOD ON THE BAYOU, book two of the Annabelle Lee series). After that, I'm going to do nothing but read and hike for most of October. I'm really looking forward to it. I love playing pretend, but sometimes it's important to stop and stick your head out into the real world for awhile, clear out the cobwebs.
The boys decide to enjoy their time in Jinan by going to an overnight pool. It has to be otherwise, why are there people swimming there at what must be like 1am? So they gawk at some babes and when Man Bo draws a girl in a bikini, Yong Seol drools looking at it. And why the heck is he so fascinated by a drawing when he just needs to look up and see live women barely dressed? This poor dude needs to get laid.
(ps. This is for light relief and self catharsis. There is no need to comment to tell me that living in the slums of India or some other poverty stricken place in the world would surely cure me. I am aware of this but reserve the right to post such flippant and frivolous rubbish anyway!)
7th), Wylde Hide (UR 22nd), Feathered Gale (PU bef 27th), 2002 Lyreen Wonder (UR 20th), 2005 Glenelly Gale (PU bef
They also noted that high levels of DHA alone also lowered the risk for AF.
I still couldn't get The Phantom of the Opera out of my head and I was curious about the continuing story. Thankfully I stumbled upon Love Never Dies, Webber's 2010 sequel to the Phantom. I was bummed to find out Ramin and Sierra weren't showcased in the DVD version. It would have been awesome to see them continue the story but I enjoyed seeing the new cast members bring Christine and the Phantom life, with a little something extra in the storyline. It turned out to be a tragedy but the emotion was so powerful, I couldn't help seeing it many times after that first time.
And here's the recipe:
“One sees that, historically, ‘freedom of expression’ in the gendai haiku movement was not an idle aesthetic notion. … The liberal, democratic spirit and freedom of expression exhibited by the New Rising Haiku poets remains at the core of gendai haiku.”
There's always things you regret doing or NOT doing in life.....I wish we had planned to go sooner.
aphorism “Give me a fish, feed me for a day; teach me to fish, feed me for a lifetime” is well known. But it has nothing to say about how long it takes to teach someone to fish or about what can be done in the interim period until they have made that knowledge their own. “Live and learn” is often used to exculpate ourselves from situations where we’ve tried to teach someone but made no progress. Thinking about the deaths of Thandeka, Lindumzi, and NoFirst, I was left asking, “But what happens if they don’t live?” (72)
Ceremony: St. John Vianney Church in San Jose, CA
#9: Royally Sweet
when he asks for a fish?
“When we looked at the calendar last fall, our goal for June 1st was to make sure that the kids had turned in all their equipment.” …
I will be posting the choices for Project 3 in the next few days.
So, if you're interested in hearing yours truly interview a very patient professor about her research on the history of climate change in the past, and what we should expect going forward, click here!***
Some people may eat, or may want to, but not be able to do both. So they image they can.
After that we get the most subdued apocalyptic breakout in movie history as our two “heroes” get chased down by a bunch of “Stuffies” (that’s literally what they call the people infected by The Stuff’s magical powers):
Link Guidelines
Outer space that is.
each other accountable...Jesus surrounded himself with the apostles. He set a clear example.
It wasn’t just culture that influenced Paul to pen his note to wives, it was a question of Roman law. Imagine an Ephesian father asking, “Should a Christian wife submit to her father or husband? Who is her authority?”
Will Harris III is a fourth-generation cattleman and the 5th generation, his daughter Jenni, is now working with him, as well. Will’s ancestor founded White Oak Pastures in the late 1800s, after returning home from the Civil War. Will is a cowboy straight out of central casting. He’s tall and rugged with a rich, deep voice—and a legendary drawl that makes the ladies swoon. He is a Deep South cattleman from the top of his Stetson hat to the tip of his well-worn leather boots. We rode all over his 1000 plus acres in his open air Jeep, checking on the cattle, goats, sheep, chickens, the guard dog puppies, the rabbits, and his daily expanding farm buildings.
Here it is all finished!
The band arrives, though two members short to Crotty’s chagrin. He’s been working through e-mail until now, and has only one day to rehearse the entire group. The boys are apologetic, but pleasingly hip in all-over printed hoodies, worn-out sneaks, and floppy hair. This is his first time to meet the band in person, though he originally found them months ago on MySpace “I was interested in the band as a meta-representation of a Scandinavian, teen rock band, and they definitely satisfied my notions of what that should be – they’re very young, very groomed,” Crotty says.
Review of the Drag Queen Who Talked to the Screen During Planet of the Apes
Here’s how the end of election season went down:
God Loved the World So That He Gave (LSB 571)
But the point I am trying to make is that 'home' is not the key issue. The central issue is that a midwife is the most appropriate and expert primary professional care provider for any woman who intends to give birth under normal physiological conditions, using natural oxytocin, natural adrenalin and catecolamines, natural endorphins, natural anti-diuretic hormone, and all the other amazing substances that work together in the healthy body to bring a woman to safely and proudly give birth to her baby. The woman who is able to proceed in labour with the confidence that her midwife is protecting the birthing space, and that her midwife will identify and act appropriately to protect the wellbeing of both mother and child if needed, is able to look forward to BAC, whether they are at home or in a supportive hospital environment.
“Alright, yeah,” I said, playing along.
I definitely feel like my full time job fits this though and that keeps me grounded!
This blog has been up and running for 2 years this month. WOW.... It makes me happy to see how far I came in 2 years... I enjoyed every minute of it and ever new person I met because of it. I do believe that eventually I will start blogging again... who know what the reason will be but it will happen again one day... of course when that day will come I am sure it will be because I am starting a new chapter of my life... and I won't want that to be connected to anything to do with my life before. Though I don't regret it, I want to disconnect myself from everything old life as possible.
I look at the email with this "controversial" stamp as the catalyst for me to ask questions. It helped me be grateful for the fact that I feel that I am evolving in a direction that I can be proud of. I feel that it opened my eyes and allowed me to formulate my own answers and hopefully spread some of the love and forgiveness that is needed if we are to ever move forward in love and light. I hope that I am walking the talk. It is my intention.
The Plejarans have been successful in helping two people and release all the trapped souls inside the single body so that those souls can go on to other incarnations — in fact, they take these people to Erra so that the damaged souls can choose to incarnate as a Plejaran instead of the trauma of another earth human life.
I was reminded of this by Steve @ All Good Beer. Independence is having their monthly tour/tasting and it just happens to fall on the Fourth of July. How cheeky. Bring an umbrella, because it's gonna be toasty and there is not much shade around there, unless you wanna sit under a semi-truck.
It also includes supplemental materials like little wind-up toys that look like people walking. And colorful, baby-sized foot shapes to put around the floor so your baby could step on them.
How come animals at the zoo can't take any math tests??
Flowing straight to the sea.
Readers, I'm about as far from a "math person" as you can get, but if it's true that numbers don't lie -- and good grief, I hope they don't -- then Cathy's opera coat has just won the vintage pattern contest on Pattern Review!
It’s a big cast and Moore gives us a strong handle on each of them as their lives spin around the statues like out of control satellites.
Whether you work at home or in an office, chances are you’re glued to an office chair all day, or stuck behind a computer screen, and the only parts of your body getting any kind of significant exercise are your typing fingers. Our modern world is designed to encourage a sedentary lifestyle.
Last Friday, 10th of February, I had this opportunity to teach a card class over at Catchy Crafts! I have decided to use My Mind's Eye Honey Cake Paper pad for this. The papers on this pad is lovely!!! Perfect for valentines and any other themed cards. And here are my creations with it....
Joyful all ye nations rise
20 Enter the Wormhole (based on Janet McAdams’ rock-paper-scissors prompt from BookBalloon, though I broke the rules)
of liquid mercury,
So I had water and time and food and everything else I needed. Where is the fun in that? Oh, my Therm-a-rest mattress had a leak, so every thirty minutes it would deflate and I’d wake up on one rock or another. It wouldn’t be an adventure if there wasn’t some discomfort involved.
The first single released to promote this album was “Love Interruption” in February 2012 with the B-Side “Machine Gun Silhouette”, it quickly climbed singles charts. The album Blunderbuss is a thirteen track affair that explores Jack White’s song writing make up, the result is several well crafted songs that emphasizes a certain mood, one that differs from previous releases that Jack has produced in the past with his bands. The only track that is reminiscent of Jack White’s White Stripe days is “Sixteen Saltines”, a song that was also released as the second single for the album, with a music video directed by Gary Oldham. All of the compositions here were written by White, with the exception of “I’m Shakin’” a song originally by Little Willie John executed in a woozy Blues fashion. Overall the album absorbs elements Jack has displayed with The White Stripes from Get Behind Me Satan and The Raconteurs while at the same time venturing into new territory. It’s obvious that Jack has learned some new tricks in the last five years recording and producing bands at his studio in Nashville. If you pick up Blunderbuss and expect a White Stripes album, that is not what you will get and why would you? On Blunderbuss Jack White displays a different side of himself musically and lyrically. Blunderbuss is a poignant well crafted album that furthers the mystique of Jack White by putting us into a different frame of mind
6. Sun Ra - Lullaby for Realville
30-something: Five inch heels are for getting out of the car at valet and sitting in the restaurant only. I’m going to need my Dr. Scholl’s inserts tonight.
Laura Story
Are you guys still reading this? I don’t hear from anyone anymore..
The children must be told the truth. Today, all we are celebrating is The Sun passing over The Equator to begin its journey back up into the northern hemisphere. That’s why it’s called The Passover. The Sun is spring-ing back to life now so we are in The Spring season, meaning The Sun is now in the constellation of Virgo.
There's more, but for now, I'm out......
No foolin', her mousy mannerisms and thoughtful disposition went a long way in shaping the flugbahn of her refined performance.
I often wish I was a superman, heroic and battling the forces of evil to! Yet I’m more a warped peter pan! Stuck in a tree house, a leaf covering my private parts like some disturbed, illiterate caveman trying to reach out to the stars...
The term ‘semiotics’ was coined by linguist Ferdinand de Saussure in his lectures on structural linguistics (1907-1911). Saussure comments that there is the signifier (the form of the sign) and the signified (the concept the signifier represents). The two parts of the sign is inseparable and the key to understanding semiotics is understanding the association between the two.
Heat the oil, saute the onion, garlic and ginger until fragrant.
suffering, God forgive you.
Second, after David’s review came out, Lawrence took the regrettable tack of lashing out at “moronic philosophers” and the discipline as a whole, rather than taking the high road and sticking to a substantive discussion of the issues. In the Atlantic interview especially, he takes numerous potshots that are just kind of silly. Like most scientists, Lawrence doesn’t get a lot out of the philosophy of science. That’s okay; the point of philosophy is not to be “useful” to science, any more than the point of mycology is to be “useful” to fungi. Philosophers of science aren’t trying to do science, they are trying to understand how science works, and how it should work, and to tease out the logic and standards underlying scientific argumentation, and to situate scientific knowledge within a broader epistemological context, and a bunch of other things that can be perfectly interesting without pretending to be science itself. And if you’re not interested, that’s fine. But trying to undermine the legitimacy of the field through a series of wisecracks is kind of lame, and ultimately anti-intellectual — it represents exactly the kind of unwillingness to engage respectfully with careful scholarship in another discipline that we so rightly deplore when people feel that way about science. It’s a shame when smart people who agree about most important things can’t disagree about some other things without throwing around insults. We should strive to be better than that.
Notice what else we are told about Jesus' appearance: "His eyes are like blazing fire" (Rev 19:12). Remember the description of the glorified Christ in Revelation 1? John describes someone "like a son of man" – someone of glory and majesty and strength and power. John told us, "his eyes were like blazing fire" (Rev 1:14). Remember, too, the opening words of the letter to the church in Thyatira?
Saute onions, garlic, celery and jalapeno in oil for a few minutes until soft and onions are translucent. Add the bell peppers and saute for a few minutes further. Add tomato, tomato sauce, paprika, oregano, mint, salt, pepper and lemon and cook for few minutes. Add the Cannellini beans and cook for 10 minutes. Add water, bring to a boil, turn down to simmer on low/medium heat and cook covered for about 3 1/2 hours or until Cannellini beans are super creamy and soft. Mix occasionally and add water if necessary.
Some years ago I had received my last mix tape. A real life mix too. You know, recorded on to a blank tape via compact disc and record player? It was so full of life, living and breathing. Although I did not like 100% of the songs, I can say that I still listen to it and will never forget that time in my life.
There are a number of cameo appearances in the film; the star of the original film, Kevin McCarthy, appears briefly as a man on the street frantically screaming about aliens ("They're here!"), in a shot reminiscent of one of the final shots of the original. The original's director, Don Siegel appears as a devious cab driver. Robert Duvall is also seen briefly, and Grateful Dead guitarist Jerry Garcia plays banjo on the soundtrack
back in the early 1980's - sitting on thirty-seven fabulous acres of woods with a little opening where the barn/house is nestled. It is lusciuosly rural with remnants of those famous New England stone walls lying in silent testimony to the farming attempts of the early 1800's. We are also surrounded by the most fabulous wildlife that one can only expect in a rural setting such as this - not that any one species is unique but rather the diversity and abundance of them all together at Mossberry Cottage that makes it so special. Yes, including ALL of the mice! So, we are graced with the completion of another full country year here in New England and life couldn't be any better. I am promising myself to write more about rural twentieth century life and art this coming year - getting back to my nature writing will feel like greeting an old friend who has been on a long sabbatical and requires a good long catching up! What better time than at the beginning of a new year to start or renew an old journey...of course leaving plenty of room for the new...
What do you think of the UK now when you come back to visit?
Handing over isn’t to say that you are abdicating responsibility and allowing your consciousness to be lowered rather than raised. Quite the reverse! When you are consciously engaged in handing over to God/Source/Universe/All That Is, you have to be more present than ever. If not, your ego will dive in and start the painful stories/negative patterns all over again.
I have a lot of reasons for wanting to lose weight. I'm sure I'll blog about many of them. I collided with one of those reasons today: the dreaded bridesmaid dress shopping. My sister is getting married in October, and I am standing up in the wedding along with my husband and my oldest daughter. Clearly, I want to look decent. Clearly, being of the huskier variety, I have a bad attitude about dress shopping. Well, any shopping really. It's just not a lot of fun when you're a bigger girl. But, I digress ... let's just stick to shopping for bridesmaid dresses.
Siena is often spelled with 2 n’s in English, as Sienna. Siena is a city within Tuscany, and is the capitol of the province of Siena. The city has been declared a World Heritage Site, and is one of Italy’s most visited tourist attractions. Siena is known for the cuisine, art, museums, medieval cityscapes, and the Palio, a bi-annual horse race.
Here is Number Zero’s own explanation:
General Lance W. Lord, USAF (Ret.)
When introduced as Head Coach in May, Coach Lonergan committed to recruiting both locally and internationally for the Colonials. Yesterday morning, Lonergan demonstrated what he meant when he announced two international players and a local star would be joining GW next season.
Here in the DC area, today is sunny but the air is cool, and it's a perfect day for a walk.
14C Founders Devil Dancer Triple IPA 12%
Wow, I just can't believe how fast this month has flown by! Where, oh where, did the time go? I guess I've been so busy with all my little projects, that I just didn't realize that the days were passing so quickly!
"Too Much, Too Young, Too Fast" - 3:42
The game was can you guess who's who? and you can see all of the answers right here on Meade Design Group - the blog (since we know you have all been dying to find out!). Plus, this way you can see some of the photos in colour - you lucky readers you!
making you feel even more guilty!?!?
If you love sketches, there's still time to join the sketches class at Inspired To Scrap! The class is just $15 and includes 17 never before seen sketches by Stacey Lokovic, as well as a private class forum, a chance to win prizes and, at the end of the class, a PDF of all the sketches and class notes. I'm on the "Dream Team" of design team alumni who are preparing sample layouts for the class; and I have to say, the sketches are so much fun to work with!
I personally think the trailer looks intriguing. It excites me that DreamWorks is moving in the direction of telling a deeper story a la Pixar. They really surprised me when they came out with HOW TO TRAIN YOUR DRAGON, and I can't wait to see how they adapt Joyce's innovative series!
Such as?
How do we keep our blogs, websites supplied with images if we aren't illustrators, photographers or designers who can create our own images?
movies): Ray Harryhausen.
13.) Add another Tbsp of batter on top
15 “X“
RSDW managed to combine two things I absolutely hate yesterday: art and people.
* Trust fund fees to be paid by investor, and must be located in the United States.
Today's card is pretty simple with a few little surprises. I punched the circle frame and stamped the image on another cardstock and placed it behind the frame. I added the texture scallop embossing just below the polka dot ribbon. Hope you like it.
Here's the 2 hole alone. I took one of the pieces, rolled it up, and stuck it in the hole. (I tried a wooden skewer, but didn't have one that fit.) Will have to grab some new ones for my next round-
PAP MP for Nee Soon East Patrick Tay Teck Guan has denied meeting a homeless Malay resident Sapiah during his Meet-the-People session.
Began to swallow them up.)
Now retired, David has used his wide experience of skiing in the Scottish Highlands and resorts throughout Europe to produce a thrilling story about skiing that will appeal to children with a taste for adventure.
First off - here are the winners of the Matisse & Jack's yummy snack mixes!
ANONIEM. Misconceptions concerning influenza: an overview and clear answers. Vaccine 2006; 24: 6779-6782.
I tested out the motion a little and gave myself the green light. Row. And row hard. I felt like a junkie getting a fix of cocaine. Suddenly I had a better understanding of Charlie Sheen.
as from the gloom an angel smiles
This has inspired me to share an article that I just read in the April issue of Better Homes and Gardens, “How to plant on a dime”:
I take the class in October, and then the test, and then I will be qualified.
Individuals or home builders interested in repairing, upgrading or improving their homes may qualify to obtain grants for home improvement, which can provide thousands of dollars in government money that never has to be paid back. While government grants have been around for a long time, the ability to search and apply for these programs online is relatively new. This is allowing millions of people to claim government grant money and put their tax dollars to good use.
7. Help a friend or family member. We all are feeling stressed these days. We need each other. We need community. My partner (Wade) my Dad, my siblings, friends such as Carolyn, Anne, Gwen and Glenn (and many more) have all been amazing to me during this last year when I’ve had some difficult decisions to make in order to keep my dreams alive. I hope you’ve experienced the same from family and friends. Repay the favor. Just the other day a friend of mine who’s been laid off was having a difficult day. I took the time to drive to her place to have a cup of coffee with her — and gave her a hug. Did I solve her problems? No way. But she knows I’m there for her. Help a friend or family member in need. They know you don’t have all the answers or their mortgage payment or their kids’ college tuition, etc. But it’s amazing what that smile (see #1 AGAIN) and a hug can do for someone.
I guess I didn’t really want those things.
Yogini Shambhavi, author Yogic Secrets of the Dark Goddess
to be more guarded and less instantaneously befriending.
How did you find out?
Gilli was colored with copic markers. This time I also used some of the multiliners to help me create this hand embroidery stitch on Gilli’s top. Also the multiliners were essential in the headpiece transformation! I will be sharing how to do things like that soon..anyone interested? lol. Awee and the cute knee high socks too! Easy peasy! The papers are one of my biggest finds last CHA summer….I was drooling all over their booth. First edition papers (got from Rusty at Oozak.com)…I know not new for some of you but I am still fresh in this cha thing and ohhhh gosh I am enchanted lol. I used also regular recollections cardstock and Martha Stewart punch. The pieces were distressed with distress inks and the base for Gilli is a cut using a oval nestability. The little love is part of Gilli sentiments line..it will be easy for you to see them all soon I promise lol. Love was stamped using copic and FB PITT pens. All that sparkles…stickles!
We see Jesus saying that I did not come to destroy the law, but to strengthen it. This means it was weak and it needed the LAW maker to advance it into another level.
remained either with you or in the room next to yours, sat with you every evening to
eyes weeping against the curvature
- what can I eat when I’m hungry in the afternoon?
This is long over-due. Every time I sit down to blog something comes up and I have to put it off. Like Alyson says, if I can't do it in 15 minutes then it doesn't get finished!!
ideas? pointers? speed? i'm willing to try anything (short of a regular exercise regimen coupled with responsible eating and reduced wine consumption, of course; that'd be crazy!!!)
I do hope you’ve found a way to grow where you are, and if so, I’d love to hear about it. Shoot me an email: choosingtogrow@meaganfrank.com.
9. My Romance
Big Woods Brewing - Busted Knuckle, Nashville
I must say, it seems that a lot of brewers are trying to have it both ways, in that they load up their mixed 12-packs with nine solid offerings, and then add one for the "non-beer drinker" or commercial beer drinkier. Magic Hat does it with "#9," Ithaca Brewing does it with the (in my opinion) undrinkable "Apricot Wheat," and Dundee does it with "Honey Brown."
And then there was my roommate. I was not quite so sorry to say goodbye to her......
That is His work,…the work of His Holy Spirit. Not the work of man,…what are we to do? Stand, walk, watch and pray.
Without further ado, here are my answers:
(strangely in the shape of California; some days Idaho)
8 tablespoons butter
Circuit length: 5.245km
So did the Israelis then try and convict him of the war crimes committed by his “alter identity”? No. The courts ruled that for one, his extradition was for the specific charges, and that they would honor the strict conditions of the extradition and release him back to the United States. And for two, a retrial on lesser charges would, under the circumstances of that particular case, violate the principles of double jeopardy as defined by the Israeli legal system. By then, much of the furor over Ivan the Terrible had died down.
We just downloaded the pictures from the camera and look back on all the fun....
JAS: I haven’t made a systematic study of it or anything, but my perception is that your writing has taken a more political turn in recent years. Is that a wrong impression? If it's true, was the political turn influenced at all by becoming a dad?
Conversion to deism:
The Law of Attraction sounds good and it does work. Yet I’m betting there are many people who have, will or are facing the physical withdrawals when fighting an addiction. So, I want to offer this advice. It doesn’t matter if its cigarettes or cocaine, alcohol or meth, food or something else, never try to stop cold turkey over night. It won’t work and its dangerous. Bad habits are one thing, addictions are completely different. When dealing with a true addiction, the Law of Attraction is only one tool in an arsenal you will need to overcome the addiction.
There are additional shipping fees charged by our carriers for over-sized and/or heavy items. If your purchase falls into this category, you will be emailed prior to shipping with the additional charges and they will need to be paid prior to delivery.
A common misconception of being cast in a movie, is once cast, you meet or work with everyone in the movie. In actuality, you generally work with whoever is in your scene and if you’re lucky if you meet all the big players. I did work with Mason Cook and Rowan Blanchard, who again, play the Spy Kids. Now, if you want to talk about kids who are super-focused and super-talented, these two kids would be the topic of discussion. They were so mature and so sharp. Even at 29, I learned watching those two amazing kids work.
I imagine myself on the thinnest of tight-wires. This tight-wire is neutrality.
died a natural death, although religious leaders and authorities tried
The Stop-n-Shop produce aisle
The most disabling symptom of Cancer recovery is fatigue. The exhaustion that accompanies recovery from the disease is partly due to the treatment and partly due to the disease itself. Cancer causes your DNA to stop making energy for you and to start making it for the malignancy. In some cases, it even creates its own circulatory system to feed itself. The disease steals the nourishment from your blood and the energy from your DNA (called mitochondrial DNA).
Is hitting wrong or right? Try to be fair.
Hello everyone, I hope you're all well.
When the Americans came with music and laughter our nation was in its early years of independence and many were eager to venture outside of the Scandinavian tradition of fun. The Americans were cool and classy; they were confident in their ways and happy to share their culture with us. Going to the movies, listening to rock music and driving around was just so much more fun than the hard work we were used to. Our music scene was born in those days; mixed with European traditional culture and American enthusiasm our Icelandic sound of independence and strength grew rapidly.
4.Build Up The Vibes
this one started out as a screen print which
Kansas will continue to honor New Mexico as they list states they will honor based on a states law being similar to theirs without the other state honoring them.
Be back shortly with second card.
“It’s Danforth. Shoot him.” Sal spit.
Takes pleasure in the flowering of truth,
So I hung out there for a while. Eventually he took me home. I toileted Dug (who was NOT happy with me for pulling him out of his comfy bed… but since he’s small enough I can pick him up he didn’t really get a vote) and then got in bed and vegged till I fell asleep.
First, to address the decisions by Sky and ITV and other media groups to only give media time to the main parties has unfairly, and disproportionately affected the candidacy of Siobhan Benita, Independent candidate for London Mayor. Not only does she not have the party machine behind her but she is also limited to the exposure she can gain as it is all decided on the basis of past performance and proof of the candidate being a viable contender. I personally find this approach to hustings and media coverage for the election shocking and inappropriate. In fact, I personally feel that the current election for the Mayor of London is not by any means a free and fair election. If candidates running for an election are treated in different ways with some given better treatment than others then this is inappropriate unless they claim to be a political organisation. Furthermore, it is incredibly patronising to hear that candidates have been left out of hustings as the media group feel they ‘don’t stand a chance’; surely the whole point of an election is for Londoners to have their say and make up their own mind. Also, the recent commotion about the BNP candidate having a platform, the subsequent comments from the Ken, Boris and Jenny camps are highly inappropriate, the fact they feel that the BNP candidate should not be able to have a platform is in direct contravention to a founding principle of Human Rights and our democracy – freedom of speech – they may not agree with the sentiments of the party and candidate but it doesn’t mean that the candidate and party should be silenced.
I had the honor of learning this technique from Lily Chin at a conference a few years ago. Find more tips and tricks in her book, Lily Chin's Crochet Tips and Tricks.
Harriet Chew Carroll, as a wedding gift from the groom's father,
8. Childsplay 2
* It’s Unique: Unlike 95% of the products in General, this one is really one-of-a-kind and really delivers on its promises.
In an unprecedented development President Zuma’s more assertive leadership as Southern African Development Community (SADC) mediator on Zimbabwe saw SADC taking a tougher stance against President Robert Mugabe’s continued repressive rule. At a SADC meeting in Livingstone, Zambia, in March SADC leaders challenged Mugabe on his failure to institute agreed reforms under the Global Political Agreement. Later Mugabe launched a scathing attack against Zuma and his mediation panel for interfering in Zimbabwe’s affairs.
And now, here's my husband's guest verdict:
Games I've never played:
I've been challenged in my heart to find my place in these ministries. All it took to get involved was simply "raising my hand." My volunteering is my new "job," and I'm pretty sure it is what I am MEANT to be doing since I can no longer teach school.
Okay, okay not a complete failure. But boy is this a story. And its long. So make sure you're sitting down. A glass of wine wouldn't hurt either.
Star, I am emailing you now to let you know & to get your mailing information!!
“Wishing you a happy Chinese new year!”
I don’t know. I just basically think of running and then running happens by itself.
On day three and four we finally began work on our various designs using different greenwood materials and techniques, not all were successful and some ideas evolved through the process. The designers left us to work on our ideas having been inspired by the materials and scope of possibilities.
KB
Sun - Spicy Garlic Chicken Pizza. Exactly as it sounds, this chicken pizza is not too spicy, just super yummy, chicken comes precooked and everything else is prepped and ready to top your pizza then its ready to bake.
The city has since initiated a training program for officers that teaches them to ignore individuals who film their activities in public. The two arresting officers in Glik’s case were also disciplined.
Delivery of the decision in Charles Taylor was associated with a most unprecedented development. It seems that when the reading of the judgment concluded, the reserve or stand-by judge, Malick Sow, began to express his dissent, and his view that Taylor should be acquitted. Here is the account provided by Kirsty Sutherland of the
i've decided to skip the morning workout today,
Last we have my foot and as you can see after not being happy with my last pint I tried a different approach, I like the further detail and texture it has but again its not as great as I would have liked, I should really choose the things I print with moth carefully.
#2 Spring
But the night really belonged to my students Ellen Press-Scott and Joe Davis. Ellen is my lead off reader. She has good range. She gets on base. She's a table setter- she gets the class started- gets them in the right mood.
The question is — what went wrong?
4. Indigo Bunting:
p.s Those killer tortoise sunglasses that Lisa is sporting will be available in store this weekend!
Fact: templates are tacky. A résumé is the blood, sweat and tears of your background, education and work experiences. There are plenty of ways to present yourself in a manner that exudes qualities you can personally identify with as well as professionally. Using a template is considered sloppy because it is so generalized. Depending on the field of study, the format for the résumé you are creating should reflect those qualities. For example, business students should hand in a résumé that is clean and plain, differing from a design student may organize the information with a creative twist. My friend Don Talbert has some helpful advice for anyone on the job hunt!
If there's a bright side to this, it's that the royal court confirmed that this dress was only on loan from Valentino for the night and was not purchased (an unusual confirmation, seemlingly made in light of the fact that the frock costs somewhere in the neighborhood of $17,000), so we'll only see it once. But I think this is a warning sign, and we need to just go ahead and say it: it's time to let the butter churning chic go.
POE: You have some concerns about the statute. It’s hard for me to understand how you would have concerns about something being un-Constitutional if you haven’t even read the law. Seems like you wouldn’t make a judgment about whether it violates civil rights statutes, whether it violates federal preemption concepts if you hadn’t read the law. So, can you help me out there a little bit, how you can make a judgment call on that, but you haven’t read the law and determined whether it’s Constitutional or not?
Here i commit myself to become a designer of bridges and junctions that lead me from the mind consciousness system where i exist as thoughts/ feelings/emotions into the mindless state where I am one and equal to the physical realty from which I come from
Before I worked on Kim's bags I had started this little bag for DD. The pattern is called Across the Pond from Moda. I tried looking on their website for it, and couldn't find it, but it is still at that link. I didn't really care for the 'hot dog' look it had, so I lengthened it by an inch. It didn't call for any batting or anything, but I added some to give it a little body. I should have used something heavier, because it is still pretty flimsy. I added the handle too. ;-)
I have been scrambling to find a good and thoughtful gift for next week's Teacher Appreciation. In posting today's Studio Pic I was brainstorming with a Facebook fan (lovely and smart Heather!) to have the cards out soon in time for teacher appreciation week rather than for later on.
For activists hoping to change the world, occupying a square is a good tactic- it’s a constant protest, a permanent invasion of the public consciousness. But alone, it’s not enough. We need to orientate towards mass movements, providing the organisation, the infrastructure and the financial support wherever needed. We meed to go to millions of doorsteps and hundreds of community centres, and tie thousands of posters to poles.
I'm that mom who cut my hair off and dyed my bangs green just like my daughters because we all thought it was fun.
Most flowers sold in the UK are bought by women.
They just finished up for the moment and went inside together. I know this father and son aren't thinking about how lucky they are to be working on home improvement projects together. But some day, this will be a good memory.
Even though it became nigh on impossible to find an affordable plumber, few members of the underclass were willing to learn the trade. They preferred to sit at home watching satellite television on incapacity benefit or income support, rather than work.
Red chilli powder – ½ tsp
and nectar.
LDV: What inspired you to begin your career in graphic design?
True to my word, this evening I went into the living room and laid on the floor for some crunches and leg lifts, etc. (give me a break, I'm a beginner, ok?) As soon as I began my new exercise routine, my little niecelet and nephew wanted to know what I was up to. After I explained, they too laid on the floor and began doing crunches and leg lifts, etc.
Recently one of my pieces was nominated for a SEmmy (picture below), I was going for a retro look, the SEmmys is an awards ceremony that the Seminole Campus of SPC does. The awards are handed out to those who had the best Digital Graphics, Video, and Web Creations. Sometimes I am a bit baffled on why one won over another, and I am not sure who the judges are.
I’ve now spoken to FOUR different people and gotten FOUR different answers about Dad’s benefits.
As the last day of January is upon us, it is time to prepare for my February goal--no screens. I have to admit that this is likely to be harder for me than anyone else in my family. But I know it will be good for all of us and I am looking forward to the challenge.
There's been a thread in my online Due Date Club group about making friends as adults, and it seems that we all have the experience of thinking we're the only one who finds it so difficult to make real connections, as adults, but really it's everyone! Why is it so much harder to make friends now? Reading many people's comments I discovered I have it better than some; I get out and join groups in my community and am fairly fearless about talking to people I might have things in common with, but I still have a hard time getting past that acquaintance stage, and into real friendship. I think this is why I've always been more comfortable making friends online; a text medium forces you to talk to each other rather than just "hang out"!
Over the years I have searched for relatives of Ruth Milmine Applegate, hoping, just hoping I would someday find someone. As a child I had vague memories of a cottage in Grand Haven MI, summer retreat of the Applegates. My memories were fleeting and not very detailed, except for one: my father walking to the door of the cottage and being greeted very warmly by another man…his cousin Donald. Not too may months ago, I searched again, and there it was: The Applegate Tree. At the cyber end of the tree was my second cousin Martha and the emails and pictures began flying! I am so grateful!!
We moved towards a house where Sreekumar’s brother was dressed as woman. He did not have a clean makeup or appearance as the other men in the queue. Sreekumar participated last year in this celebration as a woman and he says the appreciation was good. He says his wifetook almost 3-4 hours to select a salwar that he wore during that time.
2) The effects were awesome.
Bush Junior liked to brag he was “a wartime president” and assumed he would score a great victory (even though there had been virtually no planning for post-Saddam Iraq) and cement his place in history at least above Daddy and possibly alongside Lincoln and Washington. Junior also seemed to really believe that it was his duty to attack America's enemies. Though a history major at Yale, evidently he'd remained uninformed about the Cold War of nearly fifty years that never led to an all-out hot war between the U.S.S.R. and the U.S.
Em is a sweet young woman, intent on making her parents proud by following their paint-by-numbers life plan one step at a time, seemingly unwilling to voice a protest for fear of the disappointed looks she’ll face when their snobbery proves to be more important than her dreams of being of a chef. We spend a lot of time wishing she would take a stand and refuse to be cowed by the force of their entitlement, but we know she has to work up to that place, and the plot’s predictability keeps our patience firmly in place as it’s clear that revelation will be forthcoming.
Only 54 sleeps until Christmas ..... How exciting. I'm afraid it's all Christmas from now on, my card sales are going through the roof and I am getting a lot of private/direct enquiries about them which is so exciting. You'll get to realise that I could 'do' Christmas all year round, I love it. I not actually sure who gets more excited me or the little one =D.
this damming of the source
Arrests for pointing lasers at aircraft usually involve helicopters, because they are able to hover over the area until ground units arrive, said Patrick Murphy, who operates the website LaserPointerSafety.com.
15/08 11:20 W High Jump Heptathlon
#3 and I came back last night.
all along your wrist.
I say boycott the Florida Family Association. Boycott intolerance, willfull stupidity, and right-wing ideologues. I don’t want their ilk near me or my family. I don’t want their hatred and rabid ideology infesting my community. They are a public disgrace and should be held in contempt for their atrocious behavior.
As for the 8–FUCKIN’ 8 HUMAN BEINGS–who searched for grateful dead rule 34? You sicken me. On the other hand, it was nice to fill a niche
I was never this imaginative as a child. Is it any wonder I am just dying to see what kind of adult he turns out to be?
Evan always has been, and continues to be, a joy to be around. He's fun, smart and imaginative, the sweetest, nicest person you'd ever want to meet and mature beyond his years.
If these bills are adopted as written, says the Historic Districts Council, "they would risk overwhelming the LPC scant resources and could result in thousands of potential buildings in dozens of historic districts being rejected out of hand."
As with many other institutions, the civil service has become highly politicised and some top civil servants have taken after the image of their political masters, demanding special treatment, special privileges and keeping their noses in the air.
And like a newborn baby/ Don't be afraid to crawl/ And remember when you walk Sometimes we fall...so
Hi Everyone. How is your week going so far?
3. When filming summer scenes in winter, actors suck on ice cubes just before the camera rolls - it cools their mouths so their breath doesn’t condense in the cold air.
- I went boogie-boarding & took wave-punch to the gut. (Thank you strange mexicano who pulled me on to the sand after I was knocked windless in the surf.
And last but not least, Phantom:
A flat-ended tool for pushing the clay into the mold - I just use the end of my Xacto knife.
Performing as his alter-ego, Angus was constantly directing and correcting Wayne and Philippa throughout the show and being a right snobby pain in the bottom. I quite liked this version of Angus, but finally Philippa, who played Chloemiddia, snapped and more drama ensued to hilarious climax.
GiGi
Our teacher walks the other way - i.e. from Sayyidda Zaynab to Sayyidda Ruqayya. It was an interesting walk. We laft at 8am and made a pit stop at Sayyidda Zaynab's shrine. Even though it was so early, the shrine was full-ish, with people starting mourning rituals. There were even people handing out tea and bread to the zawwar (pilgrims).
Level 6: STR: +18, DEX: +18.
Its horrible!
"I am greatly afflicted."
She was the most resolute penitent I ever saw. "Swede, I forgive you. Is it all right now?"
Last Friday night, I cruised the automobile to The Orange Studio, an Orlando spot known to host DJ and art events. Tonight, it hosted a tribute to the late Don Cornelius, creator of syndicated TV show Soul Train.
them won’t make them go away. If a spirit of wonder and wild adventure is
I eat at my places, either at our counter in the kitchen OR at my place at the dining table. I used to eat in the livingroom and den~NOT anymore. My food is fixed on my plate and carried to either place for my MEAL. I eat and then either leave it for the cleanup by my son or daughter who I'm thankful handle this chore almost daily OR I carry the dishes back and leave them after ALL food has been put away~I'm a "POT PICKER" and to avoid this behavior relieves me of dealing in loads of EXTRA calories that I am NOT working diligently to get rid of~FOREVER!
Piercing: HoD & Tableau Vivant – TV 10 – Slide (part of the new “Sent To Destroy” line!)
And I was surrounded
Second hand games on the way out?
Original Air Date: Apr 18, 2012
The Modern Bakers are baking cookies, bars, and biscotti from the Modern Baker cookbook. These sicilian fig bars are a merger of the classic fig bar we're all used to here in the U.S. with the seasonings you'd find in a fig bar in Sicily. I must say they look more complicated to make than they were!
I have many times heard mystics and channelers say simply that “Spirit” told them thus and such; they don’t necessarily know what the specific source was, but they know it felt right and that they got a worthwhile message. This “Spirit” could easily include their own higher self or some other aspect of them, as well as the collective mind of humanity. Like “all manifestations of the Source of all things.” It must also be remembered that at any given time, a group or team of discarnate entities may be involved with the communication, further confusing the issue of identity. I wouldn’t be surprised if this has been true more often than not in mediumistic work, especially in the case of physical manifestations like direct voice, which seem to require a great deal more energy than purely mental transmissions.
*1050 D-VI/1/1989. “Shadia Drury on ‘Leo Strauss.’” Institute of Human Values Panel, Annual Meeting, Canadian Council of Learned Societies, Quebec City, Quebec. (Incorporated in C-1990(7), above.)
"Possession held me completely captivated from beginning to end. And what an end! I fell in love with the characters and had countless moments of 'Wow.'"
I give a time..
And yet, you see the picture clear as day.
Over the last month I have been able to live with people who are way outside of my usual social circle. I have lived with people who seem to be fine with doing no work or going to school to just dodge the recession. Most of my friends have jobs.
Author: Y.S. Lee
