But in all fairness, I was here first.
William Marr retains copyright to these poems.
It wasn’t the actual footballer, you understand. That would have been illegal and...well...weird.
In the film, Callahan is chasing a sadistic serial killer called Scorpio. The killer was loosely based on the real-life Zodiac Killer that was terrorizing the Bay Area at the time the movie was in production.
I love that the show tries to go for the laughs at the end, though at times, it means disgracing Jin Haeng’s pride. The guy’s bad luck and klutziness is as reliable as his brother’s rascality. It’s so reliable that Simon D runs a betting pool on him and his on-air mishaps.
Oh why, oh why didn't they ask?
Our children know that this is happening and it takes a great emotional toll on them. In the right environment and with the right supports, a person with autism can thrive. Crush their spirits however and it may take a lifetime to recover.
First we will serve Wurzburger Hefeweissen paired with Smitty's Sausage: Peppery sausage served with rye bread, sweet and hot mustard, and apple crisps.
Start easy and get the most dramatic changes.
They were pretty much saying over and over that France was definitely going to win. (spoiler -- nope) and if they didn't win, the U.K. was going to win (spoiler -- nope again).
but that twig in his hand was gold. And then he plucked
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan and Vidya Balan have taken saree endorsement to a different level all together. They popularized the Bengali way of draping a saree in ‘Devdas’ and ‘Parineeta,’ making it a vogue even in masses. After this style emerged every bride wanted a look similar to what these ladies have worn on screen.
before she comes back…again.
The gun sounded, and a group quickly formed with the aforementioned awesome runners. Somehow, I got a ticket to the stud parade, and bounded to the lead group of Bobby, Marc, and Brock. We stayed comfortable over the light rollers, with Bobby really backing off the pace we expected him to set. I actually think the presence of such an amazing runner threw the race for a loop--a lot of runners deferred, which left Brock and I going to the front. We traded the lead for the first few miles, going through 5k in 15:23.
Our publisher Penguin, incidentally, is not part of the cabal, nor the top five media companies. Extensive secrecy was kept around the book until its release to insure it would not be interfered with.
The not-so-straightforward story so far: Eisold spends much of the 2000s getting in the van with spazzed-out US hardcorers American Nightmare and Some Girls, none other than Fall Out Boy infamously half-inching a bunch of his lyrics along the way. Which past aural exhibits do little to unravel Cold Cave, wherein Eisold reboots influences from Scott Walker and the androgynous end of 1990s Britpop into distinctive darkwave pop.
“They wouldn’t be able to hang out in the area,” my friend continued. “It stings your eyes and it stings your feet.”
The caves are, like many interesting corners of China, not yet on any tourist trail, but are spectacular to visit. Situated in the middle of the Yellow River valley, in the heart of one of China's most scenic regions, these incredible ice caves are more than three million years old. Identified by the Chinese Academy of Sciences Institute of Geology, cave expert on-site inspection: this hole is formed in the Cenozoic Quaternary Ice Age, hence the name of years the ice cave.
Therapist: And a friend?
Lift your heart in joy and exalt Him
ME: I DON'T HAVE TIME FOR QUESTIONS! JUST. COME. HOME. Oh, and pick up some duct tape.
Sam: Because I think we are in the middle of nowhere, and it looks really crappy.
For instance; One Monday morning a colleague – let’s call him Clueless was telling a story of a horrible weekend. He had invited his girl friend – to his weekly 5-aside match. His plan was to show a t-shirt underneath his jersey saying, ‘marry me Kate’ after scoring a hat-trick goal. Meanwhile he knows Kate hates football; she’s your typical pink-wearing, girly girl who’d rather be sitting in a spa on Saturday morning than out in the cold watching men chase a ball around a field. Clueless did score a goal – an amazing one according to him, but then Kate was nowhere to be seen. He got home irritated and annoyed and they ended up having a big row.
But speaking of numbers and statistics, those countries that have more theists (especially literalists, such as yourself) tend to be worse off. They are statistically more likely to be less educated and have a lower GDP, literacy rate, standard of living, etc. Also, the more a country has of people who accept evolution or are atheists (because you can be a theist and still accept evolution) are statistically doing better than those countries who have a very low percentage of atheists or people who accept evolution. It doesn’t add anything to the validity to a lack of belief in a deity, but I still find it very interesting that those countries that believe the most in a deity, such as Jehovah, are the worst off.
I shall warn you at this point. If you are squeamish sickened by the site of blood turn around now.
The local community board was due to send in an inspector, so the facilitators and cleaners started moving tarps, bags, and personal belongings into a big pile in order to clean the park.
"Stress hormones get released when you cry, that's why it works. It's amazing how smart the body is. Though maybe we could do without loving. I think it's overrated, and I think it's too hard. You should only love your children; that is necessary, because otherwise you might kill them. But to love a man? It's overrated, and it's too hard and I will never, ever do it again" (p. 14).It does make you want to keep reading, doesn't it? Open House ~ by Elizabeth Berg, 2000, fiction, 7/10 (a good book).
Oh, I am butt hurt.
May brings warmer weather to New England. Here in the Boston area our temperature averages are in the 60s at the start of the month and rise to the 70s by the end of the month. Though some in southern New England have already seen their last frost for the year, usually the warm season crops aren't planted until May 15th, or May 31st in more northern areas. A good rule of thumb is to plant warm weather crops two weeks after your average last frost date, as these plants will die if they see a frost. A list of these include: tomatoes, peppers, basil, tomatillo, beans, cucumbers and squash. Some warm weather crops are more finicky. If your season is long enough it would be prudent to wait 4 weeks after your last frost for melons and eggplant. They much prefer the warmer nights of summer to the cool nights of spring.
Some suburbs go for weeks without running water as Zimbabwean municipalities battle to keep up services.
I found this map showing the area of focus:
What: May Beer Social
As suddenly as it had disappeared all those hours ago, the coastline reappeared and with a vengeance. A golden haze filled the air and the light torquoise shallows through up staggeringly beautiful ship wrecking rocks. Beaches strewn with driftwood, golden a nd white danced with the white crested waves. The tide flowed in and out, giving and taking at the same time as the haze blurred the lines between sea and sand. The tropical palms, now dominant, threatened to march into the ocean, their mad feathered hats crowing their faceless smooth heads. This was the most beautiful coastline I had ever seen.
But back to the task in hand: my impressions of the week seemed to be overwhelmed by the cold, and I certainly can't show you pictures of my charming offspring as they put their hands over their faces in unison if they see me fumbling for my camera (on Christmas Day, would you believe? How Unkind.).
This chart demonstrates the predicted growth of our GDP after the cuddly toy moon landing project.
Farley Junior School, Leeds!
And as always, today we have another question for you:
The novel starts out with an Iraq war veteran – circa current times – being treated for his injuries by a 21-year-old physical therapist whose name is Honor. As Honor works on the wounded soldier, whose name is Milo, she begins to feel and hear stories… His body “is like a haunted house.” She feels the stories in his limbs and in his bones, but bit by bit he also begins to tell her the stories that he sees. He tells the stories and they both listen thinking that somehow these stories may involve people from the past. Yet, the stories are disjointed and cover very different periods of time: 17th century Turkey (1623 to be exact), 1936 and 1969. These life stories of five separate individuals are seen in visions and/or heard by our two protagonists.
And for the record, Diam's (aka Mélanie) is a DOLL. I love her music and I love her political views and activism. She is also one of those artists who is actually nice to everyone around her. The producers were super sweet, the studio guys were great and I got paid well for my efforts.
It is an attentive alarm that keeps my food schedule on course. I have learned to pack snacks just to appease it throughout the day. There is nothing worse than being in a peaceful environment and having your stomach start acting a fool. This has happened on more than twenty-seven occasions. I have learned to battle the growls with stomach tightening techniques. I am not sure how effective this is, but I still make the attempt. I’m like a Jedi trying to work my mind tricks on the dark side of the force. Like a Qui-Gon Ginn taking on Darth Maul…It never ends well.
Overall B-
up trembling, slowly the brackens are up-lifting their
I harbor no irrational hatreds. I hate the people who deserve to be hated, and blacks are over-represented among them. This is quite different from hating every single black person. Do you see the difference? That's why I'm a race realist, and you're just a Jew-hater.
Card carrying Democrats and pacifists, would think about the fact I have moved to Texas, I own a gun — and know how to use it because a Marine taught me how, and —
Bluebird Studios has been featured on Daily Candy, in Brides' Reception magazine and a myriad of other websites, blogs and magazines.
I told Jake that there was always such JOY and FUN in our lives (in fact, this is why Dave and I almost *forgot* that we wanted to have TWO children!!...because our lives were so immersed in all that Jake was ~the work he was showing us we had to do AND the JOY he was bringing to our lives!). It's just that we had no idea about *silliness*, really!! ;)
Im due to do a market run, because Im running low on essential produce. I decided though that it would be wise to use up the vegetables left in the fridge before I got too enthusiastic with my new purchases. Sunday was decadent (all my Sundays are!) so I wanted to keep this simple, nutritious, and light on my digestive system. I’d also just come home from hot yoga so I was on a bit of a health jaunt – I wanted to keep that going!
America faces in addition to the threat of violent jihad another, even more toxic danger – a stealthy and pre-violent form of warfare aimed at destroying our constitutional form of democratic government and free society. The Muslim Brotherhood is the prime-mover behind this seditious campaign, which it calls “civilization jihad.”
(Heart of the Wolf # 9)
"...I'm interested in the mix of comfortable, sophisticated, elegant, feminine and grown up but not old. I guess I feel like I'm in a demographic that's not the cute, young, partner-hunting group, but I'm not willing to submit to a lifetime of sweatpants and ponytails either. SO, there's a psychological component about getting together the energy and inspiration to do something different, and knowing that your presentation is significant (despite what my feminist mother told me about not buying into a commercial ideal of femininity.) There's also a personality and identity element- who am I and what do I want to project to the world? And then there's a technical element, particularly for those of us who aren't so visual as we would like; how does one go about picking out an original, thoughtful and courageous outfit. I have a feeling that all of these things are pretty rudimentary for someone with your skills, but please help those of us who may be trapped in boring suburban (mom) hell."
Visual Effects: Hugo
I was at Kae Lacy's making blackberry syrup. I remember Daddy coming to get me.
I had rolled out some modeling chocolate on my silicon baking mat. I love how I don't need to prep the mat; nothing sticks to this sucker. After imprinting the design, it was popped into the freezer for ~1 minute. On to a cutting board and curvy-cut with a paring knife.
Voters have never really warmed to MS Gillard, who unceremoniously knifed her predecessor in a bloody coup declaring that under Kevin Rudd’s leadership Labor was a party that had “lost its way.”
AD : Sir! What is this? This is a hundred?
we devise new ways
Still years away from her professional prime, Debby has already written several books, including Because It Feels Good: A Woman’s Guide to Sexual Pleasure and Satisfaction and the new Read My Lips: A Complete Guide to the Vagina and Vulva (co-authored with Dr. Vanessa Schick). She’s also published an e-book on anal sex.
For a few weekends straight, my friends and I would look at these covers in curious wonder, we’d all share a laugh about the cover art, asking each other what we each thought these movies could possibly be about, and at times even making up fake and hilarious titles for our own Ilsa film. We did this perhaps, we never had the guts to rent any of these.
King William’s victory in Ireland was very popular with Irish Protestants. When he arrived in Ireland for the first time, in the northern port of Carrickfergus, one of William’s advisers wrote that the new king was greeted with 'a shore all crowded with Protestants – men, women, and children – old and young, who fell to their knees before him, with tears in their eyes thanking God and the English for saving them.' When news of William’s victory reached Ulster, which had a majority Protestant population, Ulster Protestants lit bonfires in celebration, which is still commemorated today in Ulster Protestant circles with the bonfires of the so-called “Eleventh Night.” In the aftermath of James’s defeat, Protestant attitudes to Catholics were especially hostile and Irish Protestants, in particular, wanted harsh
I’m sorry about letting it slip
The good news is that too much turkey probably won't actually kill you. But if you were to gobble down one too many apricots, cyanide-containing stones and all, there's a definite chance you could die, as fatalities in large apricot-growing areas such as Turkey have proven.
LRGP found that the fluid used was critical to the efficiency of the design. In particular to make it effective for the lightweight and small packaging volume required to make the device work within the tight confines of an F1 footwell or gearbox. Needing to be incompressible and low viscosity, they have proposed several fluids, such as water and oil, but the preference appears to be for Mercury. Although a metal, it’s liquid at ambient temperatures and very dense. This means smaller fluid lines filled with mercury will provide the necessary inertance, compared to larger amounts of less dense fluids. Passing from one chamber in the damper body via the fluid line to the other chamber, the detail design of the length and diameter of the fluid lines are key in creating the correct tuned inertance effect. Just “1 to 50g” of fluid is required to get the desired effect. The range of inertial reaction is quoted as “10 to 500kg, which is a typical range required in Formula One racing cars”.
Gifts to get us through the day are all around us...we just don't see them because we focus on so much of the negative...when I say "we" I mean "me" as well....
Rudolph the red nosed reindeer
i am not going to bend down and ask my almost-two-year-old if he wants a nap. no? okay! let's play then.
one two three
Here in Illinois the future (and present) High School distance running looks great as usual. Lukas Verzbicas (who I mentioned back in an XC blog) just made the nation take notice after his double (2 mile/5K ) win at Nike Indoor Nationals. The Lincoln Way (New Lenox, IL) freshman set a new US High School record in the 5000 meters of 14:18.42 beating the short lived 14:22 US Record that Soloman Haile had just set at NSIC hours before. He smashed the 14:29 Brad Hudson mark (that prior to Haile's 14:22) had stood for 25 years. He also won the 2-mile in 8:57.44 a couple days later. Not bad for a kid who had his XC season end prematurely with an injury.
So you wanta be a Rock & Roll star? Well, it might be a bit late in the day.
Here is a little update of what’s going on at the moment:
It's too early in the season for a summer pedicure, but I didn't care. I got a spring one instead.
I guess I'll always be in a very small little group...the group of loss mothers. We have to deal with the ramifications of our child's death far beyond their burial and far beyond the birth of subsequent children. We have to deal with questions like "Do you have any children?" ---- Do I say Yes or No? Yes I have a child but died during birth?. Or "Is this your first?" ---- No actually my first baby died. Or, "How many children do you have?"----Do I answer 2 or include my angel and say 3? Or, if you have all boys..."All boys huh, are you still going to try for that girl?" ------- Actually I had a girl, but she passed away. Loss moms constantly dread these types of questions, which seem to other people to be simple but to us seem complicated. You find yourself at a loss because you want to acknowledge the life of your child, but you don't want to freak people out or make them feel uncomfortable. I find myself avoiding social situations where I'll be introduced to new people because of questions like this.
MJ passed her driving test today (on her first try!) and is now a licensed driver. She and Chloe are out rattin' the streets.
I have always been one to think that I was more mature and stronger than my peers. I often viewed those around me as cry babies. In reality, I am probably the weakest of them all. I allow my loneliness to shatter every ounce of strength that I once had. It only takes one event or mishap to make you realize how vulnerable and damaged you really are. I can deny it all I want but at the end of the day I am not the warrior I’ve shown the world. I am just a girl. A broken, bruised, internally black & blue little girl within an adult body.
Adjustable mortgage rates were mixed, with the average 3-year ARM moving upward to 3.07 percent, while the 5-year ARM tied with February’s record low of 3.02 percent.
A collection took place and money collected was, as is tradion, placed in a hat.
Claire cracked a smile and looked down at her new, small mother.
Spellcasting 301 – Spring Break
Sunday, April 22 , 2011 — St. Louis Lambert International airport was hit directly with a tornado.
I have been quite busy at my new class with Ms. Brandi - you remember her from the last time I got to blog, right? I get to display some of my artwork in my new bedroom. Today it's finger painted pictures, tomorrow bikini clad babes (that'll be our little secret!).
though there are no sheep in the pen
This is Jesus’ final “I am” statement in the Gospel of John. As with the others, Jesus is evoking a very clear metaphor from the Hebrew Bible and applying it to himself. In the Hebrew Bible, Israel is described as a vineyard planted by the Lord (Isa 5:1-7, Ps 80:8-16, Jer 2:21, Ezek 15, Hos 10:1). This metaphor is used in Second Temple Period literature as well (Sirach 24:17-27; 2 Bar. 39.7).
About all the others
After finishing school, Bouwer adventured his way to the University of Potchefstroom, to peruse his studies in BA Communication sciences. With a music revolution already starting to poke holes within the Potchefstroom atmosphere, the inevitable happened, and at age 22, Bouwer settled into an Afrikaans Rock band, that would make major waves within the local music industry in the following 5 years – Straatligkinders.
Then he yells out the door: “Hey, Uncool is free if you want to talk to him now!”
I'm so very glad this past weekend is over. My significant other's family had a family reunion which we were in charge of on Saturday and I had an open house to start my ThirtyOne business on Sunday. Too much going on for one weekend!! The only good thing is that my house is really clean now and all my lovely fall decorations are out.
Although she probably doesn’t even know it, the person most responsible for my undying appreciation of all things edible and insatiable hunger for new food adventures, is my best friend’s mother, Annie.
There was another hill once, and another ruined house, from which I date my interest not only in lonely hilltops but the mysterious subject of balloon flight. I was a city girl who had gone to get away from it all in a tiny cottage overlooking Worcestershire’s Teme Valley. Much of what Bonnie felt about her strange new world I felt about this place. No road ran within at least a mile of my cottage, and nobody had lived in it for many years. It was a two-up-two-down, with a pig pen out the back, water up the field in a tap next to a cattle trough and no electricity, which meant I cooked on an old range fuelled by logs collected from a nearby wood. My days were ruled by the sun. When it rose I did as well; when it went down it was time for bed. But that was fine by me because I wasn’t there for domestic ease, I was there to write. Every day I’d sit out in the damson orchard in front of my cobbled-together, packing-case desk and clatter away happily on my aged Adler typewriter. I never saw another soul, except for my husband who was there to paint, and the only transport I ever saw was a tractor on a distant field and a hot air balloon which one day flew overhead.
2. Embeth Davidtz (1999) – Her portrayal of Mary was just as delightful and complex as Smith-Wood. Unfortunately for the actress, writer-director Patricia Rozema wrote a scene that featured a ridiculous and heavy-handed downfall for Mary. Despite that, she was still superb and held her own against Frances O’Connor’s more livelier Fanny.
23 had
Mimi, Lisa, Jennifer, and Felicia all live in the fishbowl of Red River, Ohio. Everyone expects something from them. Gourmet casseroles. Perfect husbands. Well-behaved children. They expect even more of themselves.
Available in Austin: Yes
This is my DT card, and this, I made for Natalie who is not just my boss but also one of my bestie's too. She is daft about Fizzy Moon bears, so I thought this would be perfect for her 30th birthday. We had a collection at work and brought her a super yummy Cath Kidston bag and a Jasper Conran purse.
I am excited to go bead shopping next week, & I have been planning some new jewelry designs for spring. I usually do a lot with flowers & cabochons, but I am feeling BEADS for spring. Here are some of the pieces that are inspiring me....
Puree the raspberries in a blender, then press through a sieve into a bowl, discard the seeds. Put aside then repeat with the blackberries.
Leveson inquiry: Jeremy Hunt’s failed impartiality bid. Hunt becomes the Hunted.
Yeah, I said I was going to be blogging more on the regular in my last post... this summer. If you were disappointed, it's your own fault because you can see I never do as I say I will, at least in respect to blogging. BUT here I am!
1. Far from wanting to reveal eight things about herself, The Bitch would still be anonymous if Blogger hadn't undone her (for The Bitch's anonymity was in part an attempt to underline her view that in our present cultural climate words and ideas are subverted to image and personality).
Please ignore the fact that I have been MIA for a month... Life has been flip turned upside down...
The same goes for this post and anything else in life, if it’s not of quality, you probably won’t benefit as much from it. Writing more posts for the sake of writing them won’t help you nor I, but if the emphasis is always on quality over quantity, we both win.
Psych FINALLY comes back to USA on Wednesday, October 12 at 10PM
I give this product 4/5 stars.
Fruits:
But I was torn. The mother in me also didn't want to put him in the position of having to decide whether to accept a ride with a stranger. No matter how nice and well-meaning I was. Because the next stranger might not be so nice or well-meaning.
Since June I have purchased 13 books from Amazon for my Kindle.
56 unique elements
it only took a brief moment
But the president won't. Despite his promise to get to all the facts. Because there's no such thing as "Islamist terrorism" in ObamaWorld.
This is where the miracle comes in.
The job of the copywriter is to persuade us to experience a product. It's a job that requires a good deal of artistry, finesse, and tact -- characteristics rarely encountered in the silly jabber of web zealots.
I just picked up a book from our boys' school, No Kidding About Bullying. The school itself is trying to encourage parents to be parents and read and think and get involved in their kids lives. Its sad that its come to this, the big government institution has to look after us, the small mom and pop outfit...and I applaud them for what they are doing.
The Empty Tomb is a research organization in Chicago that tracks the stewardship and giving patterns of churches and denominations. In their last report they noted that the International Mission Board had set a goal at the turn of the century of engaging all remaining unreached people groups. This goal would require 8,000 missionaries and was an essential step in fulfilling the Great Commission. The Empty Tomb report observed that Southern Baptist church members gave enough financially to make this goal feasible. However, the SBC had demonstrated by how they were utilizing resources allocated to the denomination that the goal of the denomination was not to fulfill the goal!
Beautiful woodlands, stunning views from rolling hills that drop into steep-sided sandstone ravines, only an hour from the centre of London, yet you can walk for miles without seeing another person. Not entirely sure why this should be, given that this is an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, possibly because the two ridges either side have National Trails running along them that attract the tourists?
Today is World Autism Awareness Day. And there is much talk of lighting things blue, which will hopefully explain the photo at the bottom.
- Comfortable leather handles
Looking for your Sacajawea
One of the dishes I made was a classic focaccia alla genovese--focaccia from Genoa. I can't help but note that when we went to Italy last year, David was dead set against going to Genoa, which is a large port town. It isn't as flashy or famous as a lot of Italian cities, but the museums are fantastic and we had some very good food.
Noah @thealmighty How big?
The iGaming Super Show is the world’s premier event for everything related to iGaming. The show allows for immense networking potential. It also offers many resources designed to further iGaming knowledge, such as PRiME: Professional iGaming Management Education.
In 1988, HM The Queen officially opened the £200 million North Terminal. A second pier was opened at the North Terminal in 1991.
May you like what you see
I took
- Sift and whisk together the flour, oatmeal, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl; set aside.
That is how it happened! Sleep is a premium at any day or night these days as we toil to solve our monetary shortcomings. I tell my brain, “Quiet Your Mind!“, listen to an old cassette tape of my radio show, and most times, off to another dream-scape I go. What about YOUR dreams? Not your desires and goals, but when your subconscious takes over as you lay you down to sleep?
Monday, October 29th–I met with my Case Worker, but remained sick.
1) I am an obscenely talented writer.
#56 TERRELL MANNING- Inside Linebacker- NC State:
And they've torn down the entire ceiling in our living room. Which made the dining room look like this:
Because of this reliance on external support, with the rapid collapse of the Eastern bloc in the late 1980s major political changes took place in Ethiopia, and by 1991 the government had fallen to the rebel groups.
Those words are uttered by desperate private eye Brad Galt (Mark Stevens). He’s talking about the one lead that he’d hoped would get him out of a frame-up for murder; the one lead that’s just turned out to be another dead end. But those same words also go a long way towards defining the essence of Film Noir.
3/30/12 I am thankful
I joined the church,
1/3 cup fat free milk
My older bro is working on a visual novel, and I am supposed to help with the art. I think?
Yield 1 quart
End of Boil 5.2
Going to California
It's a Friday night, and the roads get busier. We are getting slower and slower as we approach the Trauma Centre. The blood pressure now reads 47/20, and I am sure we are going to lose her before we get there. I squeeze the bag of fluid harder, pushing another bag into her. ParaGirl asks if I want another blood pressure. I shake my head, knowing that, as long as she is still breathing, there is precious little else I can do, and seeing another blood pressure will only add to my anxiety. Her lips are pale, and I know that she is bleeding somewhere; presumably into her abdominal cavity. I alert the Trauma Centre of our impending arrival.
We may never never never come home
Just Spotted the Lizard is a bright olive green shimmer with duochrome tendencies. Two coats of this would have been fine, but I ended up doing three because I was trying to get the brushstrokes lined up neatly.
So I want everyone to enjoy their night. Have a very Blessed one!!!
Place on a baking sheet and drizzle with 2 Tbsp olive oil, salt and pepper and roast in oven for 15-20 minutes stirring occasionally. In a small sauce pan over medium heat, add balsamic vinegar and reduce to a thin syrup.
Read some of the recent articles about the alarming rise of diseases that were for all intents and purposes eradicated before 1998 when the questioning of vaccine safety became in vogue.
There is a fair amount of content out in the self-improvement sphere devoted to helping us see the difference between self-care and indulgence. You will get more genuine comfort, they say, from a brisk walk than from a jelly donut or a trip to the Nordstrom shoe department. Maybe so.
Check one out for yourself, with photo booths in San Francisco, Los Angeles, Austin, Denver, Chattanooga, Louisville, Chicago, New York and one traveling booth “Maggie” there is bound to be a booth near you.
How could I have moaned at her? This card is wonderful and will be treasured forever.
The new allegations involve raping and wounding a third woman, falsely imprisoning and causing grievous bodily harm to two other women and twice sexually assaulting one of them by penetration.
5. apply another layer of potting soil on top.
Well, after 3-ish months off of work I'm back at it today thankyouverymuch.
"Welcome," he said, "my dear one's light!"
I fluctuate on whether or not I will miss this show when it ends. I won’t miss sick kids or patients that puke blood, but I will miss House and Wilson together. It’s moments like the slideshow that make this show great. I’m not always a fan of Wilson but I am a fan of House doing loving things in his own way. Your thoughts? Leave a comment!
Sort. Toss. Pack. Clean. Repeat! This is going to be my new routine for the next, however long it takes to sell the house and move! I have to be honest, packing is not my favorite part of the moving process, and it always feels like there is so much left to pack at the last minute, no matter how far ahead I start. So, I'm jumping in early, and getting as much done NOW as possible. I'm sure the kids and I can manage with just the minimum for a while, and I'm sure with careful planning, I can make the last minute packing so much easier.
REPACTED is the abbreviation of Rapid Effective Participatory Action in Community Theater Education and Development. REPACTED was formed in the year 2001 by young theater artists from the Nakuru Players Theater Club with assistance from an international NGO. Their aim is to improve the community by encouraging young people and involving them in community development through participatory theater methodologies, awareness campaigns and peer education and counseling.
She said she was tired of always living in fear of her surroundings–not wanting to travel on a plane in case the person sitting behind her was eating an orange (another type of food she’s deathly allergic to); always avoiding the seafood aisle in the grocery store; not being able to fully enjoy life because being rushed to the emergency room was always in the back of her mind. Medications, constantly going to the doctor, even meditation…she tried it all. Nothing worked.
Fresh Cilantro (Oooo yummy!)
Our true state is one of wholeness.Our work is towards unitive consciousness.
Lofty sentiments and youthful idealism might appeal to a certain aging art house crowd. (3/10)
-Tomorrow Susana's Custom Art & Card Design releases the fabulous new Elisabeth Bell for SCACD stamps and the DT is celebrating with a fun Blog Hop! If you haven't entered for the yummo-licious Blog Candy over on the store blog HERE, you have until 10:30 pm EST tonight to do so (there are sneakie peekies there too)!! I'm telling you this as a WARNING---YOU WILL WANT THEM ALL--I LUV them! tee hee!
MORALS: There’s a lot of interesting moral issues in this movie. Pseudo-spoilers ahead: Karl’s character did what he did for good reasons, and in a way leveraged his mental disability in such a way as to escape the harsher punishment anyone else would have gotten for his actions. And he improved the lives of those around him. The punitive justice junkies will say this is why anyone who takes a life should be kept in prison indefinitely, and that this movie is an example of why. However, I view this movie as an example of why you DON’T throw away a human life just because they took one. When Karl was released, it was pretty clear he wasn’t going to be a threat. And he only did what he did at the end because he knew it would improve everyone’s lives. And it did. Yeah, if someone murdered Carolyn, I’d murder them. I’d want them dead. Personally. But I don’t think society would actually benefit from either of us being kept in prison after we are reformed. The largest prison population on the planet does little to deter murder, which is unfortunately part of the human condition.
Ohio 6-Mar 66 35 21 0 0
79. Find another exercises/workout that I love
1. Find something worthy to take a picture with – as demonstrated here, moldy plastic fruits can be an example.
RACE | Local philanthropist Sheila Johnson reflects on an outburst of racist tweets aimed at the Capitals’ Joel Ward after his brilliant overtime goal ended the season of the defending champion Boston Bruins last week (HuffPo, 4/28) “It’s 2012, people! Have we learned nothing? Even one racially offensive Tweet is too many. There is no place for this in hockey, or anywhere.”
Later: the extra money was found and Towner now owns both pictures - once again the Art Fund has helped a museum buy work which is both popular and important.
I liked that idea, but not the price, right now,
2. House numbers.
Suede Next life UK
Still, I can’t tell you how much fun I’m having, and how much of a treat and a joy and pleasure it is to be immersed in the wild madness of writing a new story!
- Those who are anti-vaccine and those who are not.
D. Windshield wipers should be checked and keep in good working order
Ethan Wingfield (REP) 11.31% 10,597
E3:What are your inspirations with the clothing you design now and how will it transition into the fall?
Mr. Sugarplum and I celebrated our Wedding Anniversary with a date night, which was the perfect opportunity to wear my new dress (purchased on this trip!):
2 tsp. sesame oil
This is a traditional model.
14) Phyllis Tickle & Doug Paggit: The Physicality of Lent In the third installment of my conversation with Phyllis Tickle about Lent we talk about the physical nature of spirituality.
Have a woywwing day!
I'll end this post with a great quote my sweet cousin Enid had my mother forward to me. It may just become my email tagline...
So onto charity shop number three. This one is a bit hit and miss so all we got was a white frame for £1.75 but I thought it was nice and will either sew a picture to go in it or I might try to find a nice postcard. I've shown it with the 69p one from the earlier shop.
He had a flat
Thanks for your prayers. We leave in four hours for the airport. We are scheduled to arrive at 10:30pm tonight. Adios!
Sometimes I’m a little slow to get with it, chickadees.
“I don’t see how that’s funny. Sounds like a flat out lie to me.” Harry Potter Mustn’t tell lies. Ha. Umbridge was always more than one kind of witch. When I read the books, I pictured my grandmother as Umbridge. My grandmother looked like a toad. The big rug the psychiatrist had in the middle of the office had a coffee stain in the right corner.
It gives you something to fight for. Alright, I admit it, Steamroller scenarios are as abstract as they get. You could add some fluff and spice to any of them, but I’m sure not everyone will. And in the end, it’s still about controlling the flags or occupying the marked area. But still, they add something other than utter destruction, something to think about other than shooting and hitting.
There are two available packages with the Sprint Lay Expert, you can either go for the standard package and the first 30 days selection for a nominal one off fee or you can opt for the complete package and daily selections through the flat season and is probably the better option for complete piece of mind.
From this course I have learned that instructional strategies are as diverse as the student populations that I will encounter in my future classrooms. In order to give my students the education that they deserve, and approach my goal of becoming a respected member of the teaching community, I will actively seek to incorporate the best aspects of the four instructional model families through in-service training opportunities or the wise counsel and mentorship of veteran colleagues.
Sam let out the breath she hadn't realized she'd been holding. Gripping the handrail, she climbed, hearing the soft footfalls of Abby and their father behind her. The staircase groaned as they went higher and higher. Sam fought to keep her head clear and willed herself not to look down. She'd never been a fan of heights. Three years ago they'd gone on holiday to Toronto, and up in the CN Tower Abby had jumped around on the glass floor, laughing, while Sam hovered in the corner trying not to puke.
Oh, how I have missed you! I really have, it seems like I have been gone for ever....We had a lovely trip to Las Vegas. The only bad thing was I brought home a terrible allergy with a really bad sore throat and dry cough...I still have it and it just won't go away. I think I'm allergic to smoke...
Thanks for sharing, Meaghan, and congrats to both of you!
Automatic: It sets automatically times, apertures, ISO and white balance depending on the framed scene, in this mode you can't set times and apertures by rotating the ring, is just possible to set the ISO manually.
Please note I received samples of the above two products from Enjoy Life Foods to help with this review. However, as I mentioned, I've been a customer of theirs for years. All opinions, thoughts and statements expressed here are our own.
Not so Beijing.
But, what's so tragic about walking down the street, or into a pub?
Oh the horror! – Lenore
Today I found this bit, below, in my email. It's a "forecast" for today, that comes into my box. I thought I should share it here, it seems to appropro. And, right on it, since tomorrow I leave for exams and more sea school and more exams. The perfectly energy to cheer me on!
This challenge will run through
-Along the course, 62,370 gallons of water and 32,040 gallons of Gatorade will be served in 2.3 million paper cups that can now be recycled, thanks to new technology. Another 60,000 PowerBar Gel packets will be available at Mile 18.
"Is this yours?" asked a male voice.
I’m an extravert, and I like to discuss everything. My friend Hallie over at Wonderful World of Wieners has shown me how therapeutic blogging can be. And how much it can reduce pressure on friends and family who otherwise would have to listen to me. And Hallie, like me, thinks everything you do in life is better with some company! So, I’m inviting you all to be my company. Hang on, it might be a wild ride.
Art, any art, should be enjoyed and interpreted by the individual, of their own free will. To force someone into "art appreciation", to drag someone to the theater, to force someone to dissect poetry or interpret a painting the way the teacher interprets it (or risk getting bad marks), is to kill art for that person, to kill what enjoyment they may have found in their own time.
It was a really good concept. I was surprised that I haven’t read a book like that before. Just to let you know, the concept that I liked is that it is the kids who are really in control! and that they aren’t normal kids; they are really exceptional!
Friday was the second night of NFFTY 2012. My night started with a Filmmaker Mixer at the Palace Ballroom downtown near Cinerama. I got to meet filmmakers from places as far off as NYU and Arkansas, and some as local as SPU here in Seattle. It was fantastic getting to hear their stories of how they got to where they are now here at NFFTY and talking about each other’s films; getting especially excited of the thoughts of collaborating on a big film project someday! It was a great networking opportunity and fun to mingle with people just as excited and just as passionate about filmmaking as me.
My theory was correct.
For this recipe, I reduced the amount of agave from 1&1/2 cups to 1/3 of a cup. I added roughly 1-2 heaping teaspoons (oops, didn't measure it) of stevia powder--and voila! Delicious, low-sugar, wheat free, very rich and delicious brownies.
All told, it was an okay night. Let's see what tonight holds!
In love with the taupe/grey shade she used for the walls, the tiled floor, the artwork, the light! Love it all.
Time on my hands: none. My poor camera hasn't been out to play at all lately.
Get creative with your filling. For our ones we were just experimenting so we just had caramel in a can for our filling. A nice buttercream filling with the flavouring to match your macaron flavour would be a nice classic choice.
“As part of this MOU, the corporation will utilize the services of Canadian technical companies whose financial and managerial capabilities have been subjected to due diligence by the Canadian government. Caymanian companies and labour will, of course, be utilized.”
Well we would love to see your take on this challenge, so come on by and join in on all the fun! Wishing you all a fabulous weekend and thanks so much for visiting!
In addition to making wonderful yummy food last week, I also have been religiously listening to My Hope Is In You. If you haven't heard it, you should because it's great (forewarning though, the music video's kinda sad!). It's been my great reminder that the end is near on the semester of law school!
Word Wisdom: Phrases I’ve Misinterpreted by Karen Rought: This post had me laughing so much as Karen shares five common phrases that never made sense to her because she was hearing them incorrectly. Something I am sure we can all relate to.
A small quiz:
Photograph Taken: 04/29/2010
How are we to read that?
P.S. This post is part of the Sakura Bloom Styleathon, hosted by my friend Leigh. Read more here, if you'd like. Thank you again to Leigh for introducing me to the genius of slings, which are becoming part of my life in beautiful and magical ways.
This little metal doo-dad is a very important invention. Another ubiquity on tables. Many restaurants in the tropical climate of Taiwan are open store fronts. No fourth wall, or only a partial wall. This thing holds straw and chopstick wrappers from flying around in the wind. Simple and effective, it keeps the streets clean.
in the sand that sinks
This how he prepared it. (I've left it as he wrote it as I think it reads admirably well.)
Some of the other shows were super, particularly the Alfredo Rodriguez trio. The final performance was by one of the masters, Herbie Hancock. Excellent too, but that day, my heart stayed with Pat Metheny!
I plead guilty too. When I took my firstborn to one of her routine check-ups, another 11-month-old, also a girl, was in the waiting room with her mum. This other girl was crawling all over the place at breathtaking speed, and grabbing at anything and anyone in sight to lift herself up and try to walk, whereas my girl, who had rehearsed a few half-hearted attempts at rolling and dragging herself on her tummy a few months earlier and soon given up, was doing what she did best at the time, which was sitting there on the floor and enjoying the show. My eyes glued to the little acrobat and I became instantly unsettled. What was wrong with my baby? Why wasn’t she moving at this late age?
Mistakes. We all make them. They usually start with the best of intentions. Like keeping a secret to protect a friend. Or lying to help someone.
Now for my card.
(Yeah, I know. I’m surprised Wednesday still talks to any of them too!)
(These are the people that have the controlling stock in the stock market, they control these major companies, using other people’s money.)
My daughter in law has a snow day today ( go figure!) so I have no kiddos. It's laundry day and I have a ton to catch up on!!!
It meant milestones on a canvas without yet a single hue of color.
On July 9th an article, written by Dr Norman Laporte, was published on the University of Glamorgan website. This article was, strangely and grammatically incorrectly, entitled “Was the Miners’ Strike was "secretly financed by Communists"?”. The first response that came to mind as soon as I had read the article was simply ‘I am so glad he doesn’t lecture me’. Now that is not because I disagree with him, as any of my lecturers or peers can testify as I am quite happy to debate out any and every issue with any lecturer or fellow student and do so on a regular basis. My simple reasoning behind it is that Laporte just seems to be so bad at what he does!
Or, if we are going to be phonetic, maybe that should be Fonics and a for yeer oald boiy. Seriously, how confusing is it to teach children to read and write our beloved English language?
Second, you have the opportunity to score a Mia for a pretty good price right now. There are some really cute colors available at the Nordstrom Anniversary sale--coral! Fuschia! Zebra print!
Looking to kill the heat
4) Star Anise(Bunga Lawang) - 2 pcs
Turn around to the left and you're looking back along Circular Quay, the main transport hub of the harbour, with a set of wharves and train station. The station and several of the hotels behind it are lit up, so that when you are coming across the harbour (either on the bridge or by boat) you will be recieved by a coordinated feast of colour.
...weeks...
Amit Bansal answers, Performance appraisals talk about not just an employee’s overall productivity at work however in many organizations professional interpersonal relationships hold a great importance in the KRAs. However do not mistake it for only maintaining cordial relationships with your boss. It’s about your inter departmental relationships and relationship with your team members as well.
JOKE - ' Whaddya' call three Cavan Sheep tied to a lamp post ? ' ... A LEASURE CENTRE !!!!!
As you may know, jumping assimilate the flagpole at the stage’s end will net you some credibility (up to 8000). In this game, if you somehow administer to jump top abundant and acreage on the absolute top of the flagpole, you will automatically accept a 1-Up.
we beckon natures law
We were ready to move on....We were ready to end the chapter of apartheid, and start a new one...
I kissed Rich goodbye, took Michael with me and drove to Kinney's shoes where I was determined to find a pair of shoes. The plan was to meet up at Doris and John's house at 2:00. We were getting married at 3:00 in the judges law office. Just the two of us and our witnesses.
You can grab the badge from my blog here and go over there as fast as you can!!
As it is, the flair of writing in 90 percent of your reports are much inclined towards the opposition.
That's right - I've decided to chase the entire base set of 2004 Upper Deck Vintage. Normally, I'd also go after all the short prints, but seeing as how I have so few, it simply won't be possible. As such, I have the following cards available for trade from the set - I'd really like to finish off the base set quickly so I can remove it from my want list!
Steve Gordon, Lawyer and Author of “The Future of The Music Business” (USA)
John Dies at the End or The Boy Who Couldn't Sleep and Never Had to: at first I thought "what kind of idiot came up with these titles?" but then I thought, maybe some people just need to know what they're getting into. Both books present themselves as rather weightless smartass hipster inside jokes, but both, particularly the second, have some real moments of wisdom, clarity and poignancy. Plus, in John Dies at the End, there's a meat monster. And a song called Camel Holocaust. Also, because it kind of fits in this category but not quite, and because it's one of my top five books of all time, I strongly counsel you to buy a copy of Bel Canto by Ann Patchett for everyone you know. It tells you in the opening chapter pretty much exactly how it's going to end, and yet you will still be riven by its beauty and devastated when it's over, partly just because it's over.
Now, I know you guys are all "Phhht, whatever, I make a toddler-sized cutaway tailcoat every morning between the crossword puzzle and breakfast," but I kind of suck at sewing. I enjoy it, but I do stuff like sew dragon costumes that are six inches too short in the torso. I started with the grey pants, and had to make them three times because I couldn't figure out that the pattern said "sew front to back" and not "front to front." Because sewing front to front does not give you pants. It gives you . . . I don't know, the thing I had.
The light was glistening on her wet skin where water beaded and fell in haphazard rivulets down the dark contours of her body, like condensation on a chilled beer glass. She stood up, placed her hand on her hip and looked at him, challengingly. Still, she stayed still. He felt quite heady under the power of her undaunted gaze. Against this female energy, this independence and will, he tried to assimilate the timeless beauty of her perfect form with the prejudices against her ancient profession. She was beautiful, perfect, classic, and she defied him to say otherwise. She defied him to judge, to say it made a difference, as if anything he could say or think would ever make a difference.
I feel like almost all of the above happened to me. A person of each kind entered. An event of each kind took place. I’m heartbroken and loving, healed and wounded, grounded and petrified. And the wind is blowing, everything is changing…and I have no clue. I’m as scared as I’m amazed. I believe though. I believe that it is true. Right. Beautiful. I just feel so, so vulnerable. I look around for arms to jump into for protection. Of course I only need my own though, but the nice thing is that I’m open to being vulnerable, open to accepting love from others. Me. Open to love. That ladies and gentlemen is a fucking revelation.
However, it is funny that a challenge from Dawkins should result in this kind of evidence being brought up. Because, even if all of one hundred or more different traditions concord with a rather recent creation and an even more recent flood, there is exactly one that gives a semblance of a somewhat realistic timeline of generations from creation on to times and persons whose historicity even Dawkins does not dispute. It is of course the Hebrew one. It is extant in mainly three versions, unless you would call the Arabo-Islamic a fourth one. And these are the Samaritan, Judaic-Vulgate and Septuagint versions of Genesis, which differ on how many years passed between the creation and the flood. Plus, after flood the genealogy between Noah and Abraham, then up to Jacob and his sons and some grandsons in Genesis. Then there are some genealogies not found in the five books of Moses but found in Paralipomenon about what happened between Judah son of Jacob and king David, genealogically speaking. And I suppose Kings David and Solomon are counted as historical even by Dawkins, although they were there before there was a Latin tongue - when ero was still eso, when vocari was vocasei and so on.
Donaldsonville is in a lot of real life jeopardy. Pollution from the chemical plants is a big problem, to the point the area has been nicknamed "Cancer Alley." A lot of the people I spoke with are worried about the price they're paying living so close to the pollution. D'Ville has an unusually high rate of sickness compared to other small towns. Also a high rate of poverty and illiteracy. There's a bit of a post-apocalyptic feel to the place already, which is sad. Because the people there are wonderful, good people. I've never felt so welcomed in a place so quickly. It sickens me to think that their health is threatened by the chemical companies in Louisiana--who historically have not been forced to play by the rules, even when the clean air act's very existence wasn't being threatened by extremist politicians.
For Jan, I made this--
- Then yer ma invited me round for a game of Buckaroo that Christmas. There you were, ripped, with yer undercut, wearing a Nirvana T-Shirt. You were dick on a stick, hon.
NUCLEAR STRIKES AGAINST UNDERGROUND BASES
$10,000 in Prizes
Nagashayana N, Sankarankutty P, Nampoothiri MR, Mohan PK, Mohanakumar KP.
Based on spending £5.00 per lamp in the house and £15.00 for the outside light the cost would be £55.00 for lamps. Electricity saved per year £68.98. This would give a net saving of £14.00 in year 1 and £69.00 each year after. That’s almost £275.00 saved after 5 years.
And here is a cute birdhouse cake I made for Easter Sunday. This Buttermilk Cake is light, both in texture and in color, it's also very moist, and pairs well with an array of buttercreams, but a simple glaze would be just as good.
Saturday, August 06 2011
*The seafood stock is one I’ve made earlier with the heads of scampi heads boiled down with “the holy trinity” vege trio – onions, carrots and celery (Mirepoix in French). This vegetable mix is a very common starter for soups and stews. They are usually finely diced and then sautéed in oil or butter.
I mean, honestly...how redic are they? I am a lucky gal, I tell ya.
So, looking for anomalies and ways to account for them can be productive. But if you go chasing after things that aren’t truly anomalies in this sense, you’re not going to be doing anything as awesome as finding new planets. It just becomes pseudoscience.
It became the sudden realization that I did do a great job of parenting. Only, like trees, it takes TIME before the tree produces it’s first fruits. It has to grow. It needs time to get strong. It needs to develop itself in order to hold the weight of the fruit it will produce.
Excerpts of the private notebooks of Yves Bertrand, who was head of the General Intelligence (RG) service, were published this month in Le Point in a report dubbed “a journey under the skirts of the Republic”.
Combine everything in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and allow mixture to simmer for 15 minutes. Remove from heat and place in a container with a lid.
What else do you need to see…what further evidence do you need before you will admit the truth that our elected representatives are no longer in charge? Because we will never get to any real solutions until we can see and admit the truth.
Love~
“This is a time of transition, and some tough decisions had to be made,” University of Hawai’i head coach June Jones said of the lay offs. Jones is the acting deputy of the state’s controversial “revitalization” program, designed in large part to boost the Aloha State’s competitive edge in an industry marked by rapid technological and organizational changes over the past several decades.
“A mere physical detail,” I countered. “It doesn’t mean that you had sex. All that happened was that Sally’s cha-cha cuddled Derek’s dick as an act of friendship.”
Another lovely wine that offered some real elegance – 90/100 points.
Brian Towne
Hell-o!
4. Bake at 325 degrees for 20-30 minutes, until the entire pudding is bubbly. Remove from heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes.
I'll be sure to post pictures of that when finished.
I saw a poor old lady fall over today on the ice!! At least I presume she was poor – she only had $1.20 in her purse.
I was so thrilled to be asked to be a guest the past few months but even more thrilled to continue to play with more products.
only fired on accident,
I will be taking my baby with me and hope the wifi in the hotel we always stay in is better than the wifi last week. That way I might regale you with fantastic stories about London. Or something else of course.
Level 17: MP Cost: 36, Damage: 382%, Attacks up to 6 enemies.
You may be about to witness a major miracle.
Or will my good name be uttered along with those other doggish brothers?
Fried plantains with guacamole
MCA, which won 46 seats in the last election less than half of what it used to win in the past elections will be deemed irrelevant if it slides further.
It keeps it all my information on each project in one place and I can get it on my iPad, which I use in more situations then on my iMac. It’s the best that I have found and I have fun visual “books” of all my projects and I even have one for “Random ideas”, “Blog post articles ideas”, “wish list”, etc. (great for when inspiration strikes!)
These actors are often flawed. What’s to like about investors who made hundreds of millions of dollars from the US economy blowing up? Yet because you travel with them, learning as they do, you find yourself rooting for them. You start to see the opportunities they see, to the point that you can anticipate what’s coming. Almost without realising it, you become wiser about a hitherto unintelligible world.
system.
If “Live and Evil” becomes another “Bitches Brew,” there will undoubtedly be more demands on Miles Davis’ time, a commodity he values and likes to spend as a part-time pugilist working out in a midtown gym, swimming in some appropriate waters, sleeping in his oversized bed, or simply relaxing with friends amid the international decor of what has been termed “an architect’s nightmare”—his house on West 77th Street.
Public Advocate Bill de Blasio broke the news to teachers and parents last night at a protest rally.
Some would have to be left: that was a certainty. Hundreds in fact were left. But, to all appearances, the men
Optional: 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
It definitely influences my writing in terms of the content and ideas but the voice is something that I imagine came from years before I became a teacher or a writer. When I was much younger I lived alone in Israel for quite a number years and my parents used to say that the letters I sent home to them were so alive it was like having me in the room with them while they were reading. I’m pretty sure that this angst-ridden, pre-teen, first person voice is the voice that has emerged in my writing.
Smith took him under wing, maneuvering him through the entanglements of state politics, shielding Walker when his excesses got the better of him. He was a philandering cad and a boozer, even then. When opportunity arose to challenge the successful John Hylan for mayor of New York, Smith wanted Walker to run, but only if he would change his ways. Walker changed them all right; instead of partying out at speakeasies with chorus girls, he moved the whole production to a private penthouse funded by Tammany favors.
There is a story behind how we happened to end up with each of these iPads, each is kind of interesting, and we'll give them away here kinda like we did before, but we are going to go about it in a slightly different way, not in a 'merit-based decision' kind of way. At least for these two.
But there’s also no question that one Duke professor, after suggesting—falsely—in writing that two of her own students were accomplices to rape, gave both of them an F on their final paper. (Nor is there any doubt in my mind that we’ll be hearing more such tales—perhaps not quite so dramatic—over the coming months.) There’s no question that ESPN reported that document author Wahneema Lubiano moved forward with the Group of 88’s statement fully aware that some would interpret the document as a “stake through the collective heart” of some of her own school’s students. Or that not a single member of the Group of 88 has publicly conceded doubts, in retrospect, about the timing of their statement; or its thanking of protesters whose behavior most people would consider indefensible; or its refusal to mention the due process rights of their school’s own students.
"I'm supposed to tell the whole truth," William said.
I have prepared an overview of honourable politicians and mainstream people like academics, actors, popular entertainers who have voiced fears for the future. It is long and people do not have to plough through it but use it is a resource for research and examples. It shows that the way of thinking the state is bullying us into is perverse and that the instinct to conserve our homogeneity is the natural way for for all peoples.
The Origins of FAR – the reaction against ‘setback’ controls
Photorealistic illustrations and other drawings of the train station can be viewed and downloaded at http://www.cityofdearborn.org/railmediakit.
As a woman, I walked out and said a little prayer for homegirl. She has to be having a crappy day. Having your cry and your moment is fine. I just didn’t like her dramatic and snippy attitude in response to a couple of lights going out while she was on the porcelain throne. You obviously have bigger problems right now, boo.
I'm 53. I'm not exactly a spring chicken anymore. So if things are going to change, I think I'm probably the only one who can make them change, at least for me.
So, to begin with then, let us look at the Al’Craz Household. Remember that these are all essentially first impressions, which gradually did come to change over the course of the campaign as each character was interacted with, in turn.
“Robyn!”
Embellishments: Ribbon, White Lace, MS Punch, Liquid Pearls
The A to Z challenge itself... was it worth it? I don't think I have an answer to that question. Looking at the numbers, just the numbers, I'd have to say "no." I mean that in that I put a whole lot more work into it than I got back from it. It didn't raise my daily traffic by any considerable amount. I did gain followers, but it certainly wasn't a huge number. No great increase in comments. In fact, that number dropped, but I'm sure it was because people got burned out by the end of the month. At any rate, I think it will take a couple or few months to actually see what the real impact of participating was. At the moment, I'm saying it was tiring, it made me cranky, and it made my wife cranky at me. And, see, I had, like, 9 posts completed before April started, but I only finished my "Z" post two days before it was due. And I worked on these almost every single day (I think I took a total of 3 days off from working on blog posts the whole month (which is why my wife was cranky at me)).
Sometimes God kindly sends afflictions to chastise
to love.
Food deserts are impoverished rural and urban areas that do not have easy, close access to supermarkets, and achieving Mrs. Obama's goal will of necessity create a sweeping transformation in the national food supply chain that will alter the food shopping habits--and theoretically drop the obesity rate--of what the White House says are the 23.5 million Americans who currently live in food deserts (this number includes 6.5 million children). As she made her pledge--the first of its kind from any White House--the First Lady admitted that it was "ambitious."
A great suggestion that may help you turn out to be profitable at network marketing, will be to not get upon your self for creating goof ups. Errors are very important to studying and you need to see them as using ways forwards. Centering a lot of on the blunders, will abandon you sensation disheartened and defeated.
5 ) Hatsune Miku
FRIDAY was the last day of my BOY CALLED MOUSE tour. There I was on the A59 again, driving over towards Preston once more. In the morning I met a crowd of Year 7’s and visiting Year 6’s at CORPUS CHRIST COLLEGE, and in the afternoon I was over at OUR LADY’S HIGH SCHOOL, talking to the Year 6 pupils from nearby primary schools. Many thanks to Mrs Lavelle & to Mrs Pomford who arranged the school sessions.
3.) In a large skillet, add butter and cubed chicken. Sprinkle chicken with a few pinches of salt and a pinch or so of black pepper. Cook on medium-high heat until cooked thoroughly and lightly browned on each side.
but seed conscious. If you don’t have enough to meet your need, then
However I am whole, here and grateful for the lessons I learn from this.
What's the takeaway from this long, exhausting, yet deeply gratifying week? Maybe it's something as simple as the importance of finding work that feeds the soul and keeps one focused on a world larger than oneself. Both Davis and Delany have spent their lives as writers and scholars engaged with questions of race, sex, and justice, and both seem, at 70 or on the brink of it (Davis is 68), to radiate equanimity and an optimism that seems not naive but hard-won and fiercely guarded. At breakfast with a group of faculty women the morning after her lecture, Davis amiably entertained more than 90 minutes of questions on everything from prison reform to the politics of university catering. She was thoughtful, funny, generous, and sanguine about the prospect of continued, if slow, progress toward justice. She counseled patience and emphasized the importance of building movements from the ground up. She reminded listeners that the election of Barack Obama was a victory not for him but for those who voted him into office. She feels that the Occupy Wall Street movement, whatever else it did or did not accomplish, was a sign that citizens felt empowered by Obama's election to mobilize against rising inequalities of wealth and the rise of corporate power. In reply after reply, it was clear Davis refuses despair. She sees what's happening. She grasps the underlying problems with depth and nuance. And her years in the trenches tell her that it simply means we are all going to have to spend a few -- or many -- more years in the trenches. All right, then.
Kid #1 Those turkey rolls are pretty good.
Just a quick post for my coffeehouse fans:
caramel and green apples mixed with an oak character in the
Credit, though, I give to her for including this quotation from Hanan Ashrawi:
read a book through a dirty screen protector. The light of Jesus exposes the gunk in our lives.
that it would be unkind to leave it there:
Our super-talented Ann (Raindrop Echo Designs) has designed some wonderful digital sentiments that work fabulously with these images - thank you Ann! These are also being released today!
at the thought of what was lost
For the filling: In a small saucepan, melt the cream and the chocolate over low heat, stirring occasionally. Let cool to room temperature. Using the whisk attachment on your mixer, whip the cheese and butter for 3 minutes on high, until it looks a little fluffy. Turn the mixer down to low and slowly pour in half the white chocolate mixture, alternating with the powdered sugar. Mix until combined and smooth. Spoon the filling into a pastry bag (or a large ziploc bag with one corner cut off).
Jerica Rosenblum and I (and our significant others and kids) had dinner last Saturday night. Afterwards we picked up some beer and proceeded to drink it in my kitchen. We then proceeded to pull out instruments and play tunes. We started with the old ska stuff - "One Love," "Rivers of Babylon," "Sweet & Dandy," etc., then started playing Meph songs. She's such an epically skilled keyboard player who has played many times with Meph since the early days (she was playing horn lines while holding up the backbeat), so it really just sounded phenomenal and the people we were hanging out with were awestruck. (On a side-note, that's one of the things I always really appreciated about Meph tunes - we could play them totally bare bones and they sounded good.)
Second. You’ll must agree that artistes make soufflés. Because we have lofty ideals. Thus lofty foods. Yup. Our lives are one massive metaphor. This blog is a bit of my brain matter laid out for you to consume.
You can check out each designer's blog for their winners, as well!
Such as it is with the pairing of Heather Hill and…
I like snakes. I mean, not in a creepy way or anything, but snakes don't really freak me out. If I were to see one, I might point and say, "Oh, a snake." If it was a poisonous snake, I might up that to "OH! A SNAKE!" (Snakes that I find in my closet are a different story because snakes don't belong in the closet. I have permission to freak out a tiny bit when I find a little baby snake in the closet.) I am not skeeved out by holding snakes. Their bumpy-yet-smooth, cool-to-the-touch exterior actually feels kind of neat. I like snakes. I really do. I would consider a pet snake if my Hubby wasn't so freaked out by them.
Makin' Love
“The LORD is my rock, my fortress and my deliverer; my God is my rock, in whom I take refuge, my shield and the horn of my salvation, my stronghold.” Psalm 18:2
Our final test involved determining a pattern in four pairs of dominoes and prophesying what the fifth pair might look like. I didn’t come close to finishing. I’d like to say that the room was too hot or that Madame Haberman distracted me with her incessant banjo picking, but none of this is true. I have no one but myself to blame.
The next stop on my SB trip was the aptly named Santa Barbara Winery (http://www.sbwinery.com/). The tasting was only $10, and you were gifted the glass upon completion (old school and an awesome memento). I was partial to their reds, but that’s how I swing normally. It’s convenient to restaurants and sites, and an easy place to enjoy quite a variety of wines. Did I mention all the available free parking? I know that seems like an odd selling point to many, but if you are from Los Angeles, you know how key free and easy parking is.
Things I still don’t do, or did for a while, but didn’t get a habit embedded:
The Prophet Muhammad stressed the importance of women and the respect that should be shown to them when he said — paradise lies at the feet of your mother.
FOREIGN LANGUAGE FILM
Got the train from Norwich to Sheringham today, to start it was a rekkie for a photo shoot im planning but it turned out to be one of the nicest days we’ve had in what feels like forever and i just walked for what felt like miles down the coastal path there and its beautiful. Other countries may have the beautiful weather and sand but there’s something lovely about the British countryside!
Radio
You would prove your back
Sure. I laughed when you called me four eyes because, after all, I was still astonishingly adorable...
Lord Robert Cecil, the Earl of Salisbury and Venetian Intelligence. Venice needed England to war with Spain to keep the money rolling in. They were the CIA of their day. So why did I start this with Pauline Pierce, you ask? Pauline Pierce, after sexcapades with Aleister Crowley, gave birth to Barbara Pierce who became Barbara Bush, who gave birth to none other than, George VV Bush, Aleister’s grand-son. Barbara Pierce is a descendant of President Franklin Pierce, Sr (not a Freemason), who is a descendant of Thomas Percy who tried to blow up the Parliament and King James I. Franklin Pierce lost favor over wanting to keep slavery alive and was replaced by James Buchanan (Freemason) who is a descendant of James I and both James are accused of being homosexual.
"They jumped on her," he repeated in disbelief.
910-323-5005
I would like to suggest an experiment: For one day, go through the day with the assumption that you are enough and worthy just as you are. During the day, be aware of how this assumption may move you into a sense of well-being, a sense of rebellion, or anything in between. And no matter what comes up for you, treat yourself like I would – with a sense of unconditional, positive regard for yourself and with a sense of awe for your existence.
While I was in my funk, wearing stale sweats and eating plain rice, I kept revisiting my photos and my faces for i live here: SF and it was really the only thing that made me feel good. I realized that in this project, even though I consider it still quite new, I've been meeting articulate, passionate people who have taught me things I didn't know.
As you all know who read this blog regularly, I have great friends. The ones who I want to introduce you to in this post are my buddies Tat & Is. Tat is a writer who Ricardo & I met while she was studying creative writing at the UEA and Is is her partner. They are one hell of a special pair.When Richard was ill, Tat would send the most wonderful letters with pictures and poems and sparkling stars that fell out as soon as you opened the heart covered envelopes. There was one in particular that I put up next to the bed so Richard could see it as soon as he woke in the mornings. It was a huge full colour picture of Desmond Tutu beaming out of the page in his vibrant purple cassock with his hands opening toward you in a heartfelt blessing. It made you feel good to just look at it.
Dictation: I gotta be honest. The first time I read about "dictation," all I could picture was the ginormous machine I used during my secretarial days. You know, before everyone could type on their very own computers at their very own desks. Granted, that was fifteen years ago, but that is my one and only association with "dictation." In the language arts world, it simply means--the child writes down exactly what the teacher is saying. It's another exercise in holding a thought in memory and then getting it down on paper.
Me: And they are?
Some of The Rockers:
The moral of the story? MAKE SURE YOU HAVE AN ALTERNATIVE PLAN IN CASE THE ONE YOU HAVE MADE DOESN’T WORK!!!
In Germany, Karlsruhe’s City Museum highlighted its cycling forefather local, Karl von Drais, the real inventor of the push bike. Leonardo da Vinci roughly conceived of the idea but it was von Drais who actually built the prototype in 1817 which was used by primarily by middle-upper class men for recreational rides. In Germany it was known as the “Lauftmaschine” or “Draisine“. In England, it was the “Dandy Horse” or Hobby Horse. Apparently von Drais rode 50 kms. on his Lauftmaschine from Karslruhe to Kehl in 4 hours.
After his experiences in the Algerian War, Bill Foxton returned to England in the Swinging Sixties with lots of money in his pockets and met lots of girls who fancied him and, according to my chum Ozymandias, joined a privately-run special services group. They used to train Idi Amin’s bodyguards in Uganda and there was an incident in Qatar when the Emir’s brother was shot.
So in one minuscule fraction of infinity, which feels like a minuscule fraction yet also feels like infinity, you will receive an uncountable number of messages about a certain topic or topics.
An investigation by auditors Deloitte on behalf of the department of communications has revealed that squabbles between the SABC board and its executive have crippled the organisation.
Harpa’s Eldborg hall—all reverb and distant orchestra. If you listen really closely you
-there is a parcel waiting for me at the post office, i hope that its my Fig Tree quarterly project from The Fat Quarter Shop, i will pick it up before i get Joe from work
Did you know that most scholarly research produce astounding findings that indicate money does not even come within the 1st three most important factors of employee motivation? While it differs by cultural and religious influences, it is quite safe for me to say that all your employees are bound to be motivated by a host of other factors as well, instead of just money. For instance, they value sense of belonging, room for growth, room for achievement, in-group relationships with fellow workers, being a valued contributor to organisational success and a host more. While these points cost nothing to the organisation, it helps meet the motivational elements as need for achievement, social needs, need for power, need for love, need for self actualization etc., which can be identified in theories of motivation proposed by scholars such as Aldefer, Maslow or McClelland.
If it’s normal condition Yoochun, the name of that vampire, will kill
I am done burying
Shouts a roaring Ian Curtis!
So I've gotten creative and tried some different spots for staging my photos.
01 Blue Moon (Rodgers, Hart) 4:35
Either way, remember – you heard it here!
Pip’s assessment of the equine ambulance also reminded me that I had gone about the whole trapezoid question the wrong way. While I have written in a previous post about the ability of parents to act as opportunistic teachers, I still possess an inclination to approach teaching as a direct linear process whereby the initiation of an educational moment is my responsibility (and also my privilege). This is largely a question of power and control. By reserving for myself the power to initiate an educational moment, I maintain control over the process and can feed the illusion that my contribution to my children’s learning is greater than it really is. The opportunist model turns this structure on its head. It is driven by the explorations of the kids. They show interest in something, then I figure out how to talk about it. With this, teaching becomes much more of a post facto and ad hoc activity, one in which I try to contextualize for Pip or Polly what they saw or did instead of instructing them beforehand on what they should see or learn from a particular experience.
1- How would you describe your running 10 years ago?
I SAY: Haha, yeah, someone has to do the grocery shopping and bill paying. (Disclaimer: Husband is completely capable to grocery shopping and bill paying, I just take care of it because I have the time throughout the day.)
1 (4-oz.) jar diced pimento, drained
Jeannie: "I know. I. KNOW."
So we’ve decided to give it to our faithful readers as a Holiday Gift from us to you!
1 pack of beautiful silver flower centers
Supermodel Neighbor invited Seattle Mom and I to come see all the work he's done on his house. Twice the visit has been planned and twice it's been postponed by Supermodel Neighbor, quite possibly because he's found out about the blog and is terrified of me. I'll fix it, though. I'm going to hang around outside his house, possibly dangling from the eaves and staring into the windows. When he sees me, I'm going to say, "I'm not going to be ignored, Supermodel Neighbor." That should show him I'm harmless. Then we'll have tea.
Maj. T.M. Ray, a prominent citizen of Berrien County, died last week, after a long spell of illness.
There are so many things I can bitch about from traffic to the uncertainty I feel in my own heart. But what I really want to focus on is the unfairness of the blindness it seems I'm doomed to wander through life with. The inevitable pain and sorrow, the intolerable length of time it takes for any real healing to occur, despite my unending attempts to focus on this healing. The fact that all I've wanted for years is a true partner in life, someone to raise my children and build a home with, and that I still don't have that, and it's increasingly looking like I never will. One of my children has already grown up and moved out and another one will in a year. I'm on my own.
Happiest Girl in the USA ...Donna Fargo
You protect me from trouble.
‘no, you –’
Breathe 2'49
Mario Bois/Writer & Cante Aficionado
Teams generally adjust ride height with shims fitted to the pushrods. The pushrod is split between the main shaft and the metal end fitting, by loosening the bolts that tie them together a shim can be added into the gap. Thicker shims mean more ride height and the shims need to be added to each of the four pushrods (two front two rear) to gain a balanced ride height. Adjusting via this method is impractical during a rapid pit stop. The pushrods could have a threaded adjuster as used on the front wing flap, a turn of the adjuster drops ride height by a fixed amount, this would be quicker to adjust, but still all four relatively in accessible (during a hectic pitstop at least ) would be difficult.
Steersman - Oliver Ringelhahn
1. OFF! - Darkness
Lastly, this is the lunch I had today. I had a plateful of dumplings and a couple of side dishes for only about £3. HK is bargainous if you look in the right places but if I didn't have family here, I wouldn't even know where to look or what to order! I'd be forever lunching in Starbucks probably (oh dear!). I also couldn't help but do some window shopping after work today. There are so many little malls in Causeway Bay and they all sell fashion that is influenced by Japanese and Korean fashions. This shop on the right had lots of items from Japan and these shoes are adorable! So far, I've been good and not done any shopping but I feel that this is about to change...
Although I was jumping from here to there and contradicting myself a lot we made some progress, although it doesn't feel like it.. I brought up the subject of combining love and sex. And the more I spoke about it the clearer my feelings of sex became. I think M was slightly confused at first, because I told her I wouldn't have a problem having sex with complete strangers but I have a big problem when it comes to engaging in 'love making' in my own relationship. But the picture became slightly clearer to both of us when I realised that for me sex and self-harming goes hand in hand. For me, sex belongs in the most dirty and dark corner. I associate it with pain - emotional, physical and also the power of being able to inflict (emotional) pain on someone else. This is the reason why I need all lights off and for T to shut his mouth and not talk, because ones he does I am reminded of who he is and the fact that he does not consider me a piece of meat.
Everybody talking to their pockets
I guess he just made me smile.
The answers to my prayers did come later that day. I calmed down, and called my friend Val. She knew exactly what to say and lifted me up so much. She encouraged me to definitely call this parent because I was so upset I did not know what to do. An email came through from that parent before I got a chance to call her. It was so touching and told me she hoped Kristen was okay and basically said do not worry about it all. Her daughter loves playing with Kristen and was more worried about Kristen getting into trouble than her hair. Oh, I need to give people the benefit of the doubt because there is so much goodness out there. I was so upset this parent would just think "oh, that kid with Down syndrome should not be there." But, this was not the case at all. I called her on the phone, and she was so nice. She thought is was harsh to send Kristen home for the rest of the day because of this but that is what the rules are. She was worried about Kristen. Can you believe that? Her daughter also told her how it actually happened. This was the biggest blessing of all.
So the question is, if you are sending a million notices and I am deleting them all, are you really getting your message out there?
so it is worth everyone entering even if you don't use a PGD image! Use your favourite stamp and enter.....
she will waltz in cascaded thoughts
Go check out these great designers! Buy gifts for people or for yourself! Everyone loves presents - including me.
It seems that not much has changed behind what was once the old iron curtain either. Reuters are reporting the fate of Konstantin Poltoranin, the Russian Federal Migration Service's chief spokesman. During an interview with the BBC Russian Service, Mr Poltoranin stated that he could not understand why Europe imported so many immigrants from Africa and the Middle East, adding that Russia needed to more cautious about "mixing bloods," as “the future of the white race was at stake”.
For example, if you are approached by an investor, a label, a touring agency and you can showcase the music marketing you have been doing yourself, the numbers you have grown your self and the profits you have created your self, you are more likely to get the backing and the assistance of others.
I won’t let go of your hand forever
Obviously there have been new things learnt and new skills conquered almost every week of her life. I think it's the sudden independence that has given me the heads-up. Though the slight feeling of starting to become superfluous to (some of) her needs excites me rather than fills me with pangs of nostalgia for nappies and breast feeding.
Tonight, we will find our next set of perfect pumpkins, and I think we’ll keep them in the house until Sunday.
Since 2005, the number of collisions on Burlington streets has decreased by 10.3 per cent (190 collisions).
This is a queen size quilt and there are 195 of those babies! I’ll be taking this with me to the quilt retreat and hope to have a pieced top to show by this time next week!
lacked the street credibility that was de rigeur during punk and
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before.
The first Bookmark I used a LOT of ribbon but absolutely LOVE how it turned out…and yes…a bit labor intensive…….but the outcome I think is AWESOME!!!!
But what really gets my goat is those god damned horrifying yellow smiley faces they plaster on everything. I don’t want sentences winking and leering at me for Christ’s sake. It’s unseemly, unnerving and a sure sign that the written word is well and truly dead.
Most of the food and crop strategies over the past years focused on yield and protection of crops but very little has been really done on breeds for high nutrition crops across the globe having two billion nutrition-deficient children. Keeping this in view, we have to develop and promote high nutrient crops breeds to cope with food crises. Click for article in Business Recorder December 09, 2011.
I was in total battle mode at this point, had so many coming at me from everywhere and a girlfriend of mine said OMG Barb! It’s like Rob’s angry spirit has jumped into your body! I told her no, if she were in my shoes, she’d be plenty angry too and that it was my anger getting me through this and keeping me from falling apart.
Of ancient history
Fortunately, I already had plenty of the plastic envelope folders they are now contained in so I didn't have to spend any more money to re-organise, apart from the box (below) I now hold them in.
coriander seeds - 2 tsp
...but this post covers all, because though it's about music, this is the stuff books, movies, and TV are made of.
Except that's where the twist came in. God led us to fostering older kids. I always expected that the foster kids would always be younger than our kids. But then Ernie found an ad on Craigslist for someone who wanted to help kids in need. He looked at it, called the number, and found out that it's agency that places high needs foster kids in homes. To say this is all God's leading is an understatement - because why else would Ernie stumble upon the ad, and then actually pick up the phone and call them? He HATES talking on the phone. But he did it without really thinking about it. When he asked me about it my initial reaction was "NO WAY" but then I decided to have an open mind. I heard what the social worker had to say when she came to our house to meet with us and tell us about their agency. And I could feel my heart softening. This agency places kids between the ages of 8-18, who have higher needs than typical foster kids.
At this point, we were ready to roll with our actual dinner recipe.
"Let me have two more months."
Papa: It is too high for me to reach (shows reaching arms)
I knitted Peachy a fish yesterday and filled it with polyester wadding and catnip. He's crazy for the stuff. He was so keen to play with it he was trying to grab it out of my hand whilst I was stitching the eyes and mouth on. I found the free pattern on Ravelry (brilliant website).
BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP
The first being ,which episode to choose! Say Knife, Fat Man? Survival Code? hmm... Intonation and transcription present a problem also and if any music is covering up words too. Fortunately, there isn't a lot of music used in DOOMWATCH and if there are any words not covered across the series, the only way to fix it would be to read in the affected words or possibly replace the actor altogether.
With the forthcoming Olympics everywhere we look at the moment, the design idea I came up with was to create a gold medal effect.
TATOOS BY FORT APACHE
Cocolatte’s coffee is good by any standard, and superb by Bayliss Street standards. Don’t be afraid to enter. It has also got bazillions of different kinds of chocolate, and lots of healthy eats.
Where are your favorite places to shop for adorable baby clothes & accessories?! I have a feeling I may need more :)
I know that the clubs
Albert Grossman, the bulldog-like manager of Bob Dylan, Janis Joplin, and Todd Rundgren, seduced Robertson and convinced him to go behind his fellow bandmate's backs and claim ownership of these songs they wrote together; Grossman and Robertson would split the proceeds. Helm and the rest of The Band had to fight for the rest of their lives to get the benefits they were due. I was stunned at this revelation, but it made sense, especially considering Robertson sang not ONE of the songs the world loved so much. This especially made sense given that Robertson's post-Band output was resolutely not one that belonged to a truly great songwriter;. And let's not forget: when The Band first got together, they were the backing outfit for Ronnie Hawkins, and when that gig ended, they were known as Levon and The Hawks (except for Levon, everyone in the band was Canadian, by the way). Even the faux-generic name The Band was Levon's idea, and on their self-titled second album, he wanted the members to only be listed by their first names (an idea that the Grossman nixed).
The previous version only helped you tweak your boot speed, but the new version has tools to clean up web browser add-ons, as well as analyze application crashes.
Yours, while worrying about the climate change that is happening in my jockstrap.
It was getting late and I needed to do this thing. I got out the old crappy laptop and booted up a porn site. I tried to find something that reminded me nothing of him. Three french black guys. That’ll do. The girl was cute too. Retrieving my favorite sex toy from my drawer – only one of two items in there, I got to work.
What the "No Banners" don't get is this: Everyone should have the personal freedom and right to say "No" to Mr. Wrong AND sometimes, it is entirely appropriate to say "No" to Mr. Right! Just ask Jane Austen again:
Yeah, two guys scaling the outside of a building that basically has a permanent ladder attached to it. No big deal is all I say.
BUT, for me, getting up late means that I push my shower off until Joel goes to work. This is not the end of the world, friends. It's cool. I just prefer starting my day at 8:30 when school starts, versus 10:00am, where I've suddenly lost nearly two hours of my day.
These letters tell a wonderful story. My grandfather had been presumed dead in 1945, when he arrived on the doorstep of his house to meet his two-year old daughter (my mom!) My grandmother had been given word months earlier that he had been killed in France.
Day four: Didn't do any writing yesterday. I'm such a freakin' slacker. I better write a few words to feel better about it.
My father never advertised. People just came. Word of mouth, he said, was the best advertisement of all.
Smell bacon and wonder who ate breakfast before Mass.
I would love to hear anyone's thoughts and comments on my questions - I'm continually second guessing myself. Is it actually beneficial to be so upfront with the doctors, or could I make things worse for ourselves by doing so? Should I say more? or less? I feel like I'm going through some kind of "special needs mum initiation" here...
Many of us ol heads who have tats or black greek brands, have them in places you might see on our follow through during a round of golf, or during a pick up game of hoops, not when we are simply walking around in the mall. When we chose to make those personal expressions, we did it in a way that if we were a Kappa or we wanted to honor the memory of Tupac or another “dead homie”, it was on a “need to know” basis, not for mass consumption. Thats not the mind-set of many anymore.
I began asking about other specific items I’ve worn and asking her opinion. Each and every item, some which I believed were better than others, left her hooting and hollering over their hideous factor.
It is understood that the property was bought by Smurfit which is also the present leaseholder. It is also understood that there were two further bids for the property which fell considerably short of the settled purchase price.
Unfortunately Michelle’s school was closed due to recent storms (seriously, both of our schools closed for weather reasons at the same time, how unlikely is that?) This meant I didn’t get to see her library, but we met for lunch and talked through libraries there instead.
More than 90 Iraqi students have been stoned to death for their Emo haircuts by religious extremists in Baghdad in the past month after Iraq’s interior ministry dubbed it ‘devil worshipping’.
Taco Bell is also dipping their wick into the Dorito game with their Locos Tacos.
As South Africa moves ever closer to the American ideal, the pains attending the illusions of social and economic justice will eventually raise an economic boil of monumental proportions and, as South Africans will rapidly discover, lancing the boil is not without dire consequences.
Moving to the Remington frangible 9mm ammunition, stepping along at +P velocities from the short Glock barrel, the results were completely different. Each hit on the bar (and accuracy was good enough that every hit was center mass on the 2" bar) resulted in.... well.... something that had to be seen.
While Hollywood usually sits in the film culture spotlight, the attention turns about 100 miles northward for just 11 days out of the year. This year’s festival promises lots of fun and excitement, as always. We wish everyone involved a fantastic time and the festival continuing success!
This figure was picked up by the interviewer.
Prankster Recordings broadcast over the P.A.
The sorbet is definitely worthy of a repeat here. First, though, Shane's requested I recreate the chocolate gelato we enjoyed on vacation...twist my arm :) Many thanks to Steph for hosting this week. You can find the recipe on her blog or on page 431 of Baking: From My Home to Yours.
6The children of Gershon by their families were given thirteen towns from the tribes of Issachar and Asher and Naphtali and the half-tribe of Manasseh which was in Bashan.
The latest example of the GOP’s knack for second string candidates is Newt Gingrich.who is a former Speaker of the House. While he was president Bill Clinton ran circles around Newt.
And even though we lived not more than 8 miles from each other, I probably would never have met my husband if it weren't for eHarmony. I owe my greatest happiness in life to this company.
This hotel, unnamed, is supposed to be at “ 70 Leicester Square London United Kingdom WC2H 7LA”; however. Google Maps shows that to be the location of a Macdonald’s outlet. Various street numbers along Leicester Square are used in a number of scams, from this one, to those fake notices about your email address winning you the UK Lottery. Is this because we all know that name from the song, as in “Remember me to Leicester Square…”?
I may adopt an online silence for a while... The tears welling up in my eyes at the mere thought of breaking the rusted padlock off my wallet is starting to blur my vision even as I tap now.
What about page 65?
5. Phoenix Arizona (as a child)
Who is your favorite fictional character, and why?
So the broken heart, coupled with the insulting let down from Mr. Chuckles… has lead me to a new path.
Fred wants me to wear a garter when we get married.
I've thought of replacing his monkey with a brand new one, and perhaps one day I will. In the meantime, I have discovered that second hand and thrift stores are great places for inexpensive stuffed toys. When I go to town without Buddy, he always checks the table as I unpack the grocery bag, checking to see if Ma remembered to bring him back a new pal. No, he's not spoiled one bit. He just lives with the constant expectation of good to unfold, and that seems like a pretty fine way to go through life. We have this unspoken agreement. I make sure life is good for him and he makes sure it is for me. It's a win-win.
Oh, just for the record, I don't mind if you comment anonymously, not at all. It just makes it impossible to answer your questions.
The End of the Affair?
up. He lets out a noxious fart right in the direction of
200$ each (300$ each framed)
Do you feel that you can’t discuss with your partner what is bothering you?
Sate Telor Muda ( Growing egg Satay )
Right at this moment, exactly as I spoke those words, I saw a Coyote trot across my yard and run towards the east. It was right out my window. I have lived in this house for almost 19 years, and this is the first time I had ever seen a Coyote in my yard.
Footballing ability ran in the family. His father, František, was also a footballer who played for Hertha Vienna. Unfortunately when he was kicked in the kidney by an opposition player he refused to undergo the necessary surgery and died. František was just 30 and his widow was left to provide for their 8 year old son alone. Bican’s childhood was one of terrible poverty. As a result, he would often play football barefoot (something which he would later attribute to his good ball control) with homemade footballs made out of rags called ‘hadraks’.
Some of my friends got -- or seem to be getting -- tenure this year. Yay for all of them! They are thrilled and I am thrilled for them.
Ric’s Rating: 40%
I used Papertrey Ink cardstock (soft stone, melon berry, fine linen, lavender mist), buttons (lavender mist, melon berry, fine linen), stamps (pretty peonies, rose posie, bb:houndstooth) and dies (rosie posie).
An archaeologist is on a dig in Greece, seeking out the golden shield of Perseus from the ancient myth of Medusa. He finds proof that it was more than just a myth when he stumbles into her fabled temple, and steals the shield with obvious diabolical intent. Too bad that means Medusa was real, too.
BLITZER: Governor?
I'm drinking the herbalife shakes at the moment. This one is Apple Cinnamon and its really nice
It’s my party: Tulisa arrived at The Rose Club to celebrate following her performance
While I still had some spare time last weekend, a made a little something for the Once Upon A Sketch 1 January 2012 challenge. First the prompt and Nadia's lovely sketch:
I am only hoping that this isn't the shape of things to come...a before and after type of scenario if you know what I mean :)
Sometimes when we pray, and if we’re comfortable with it, Matt anoints my forehead with oil in the symbol of a cross. Tonight he did this and something happened. As his thumb brushed across my forehead I suddenly felt the frustration inside me being wiped abruptly away. Then, and just in that instant, I felt the air around me change and the sounds around me distance; it was as if I was transported to a new altitude. Matt said something to me while anointing me but I couldn’t hear what it was. Instead, I heard — but somehow not with my ears –
“We were coming to Brooklyn on a Bath beach and West End train from Bensonhurst, where we reside,” said Mr. Parfitt. “It was early in the evening about a week ago, the sun had gone down and it was twilight. As our train came to Greenwood Cemetery we suddenly saw a light in the cemetery. It was about one hundred yards from us and higher than the tops of the trees. The train follows the side of the fence for over a mile, and during all that trip that light followed along beside us. It was about the size of a football or a human head. Sparks of fire streamed backward from it like human hair. Mr. Furguson discovered it first and called my attention to it. There were five women in our party, and they saw it, too; it was very distinct. Now, how do you account for that?”
One afternoon a few years ago, I found myself frantically trying to achieve that ideal before my husband got home from work. The children and I had spent the day running important errands and playing important games in the park, leaving the housework neglected. At the end of such a pleasant afternoon, I imagined the children and me working together to quickly finish the chores before sitting down to a peaceful meal with Daddy. But the children were not as enthusiastic about the plan as I was. I tried encouraging them to help out, at which I failed miserably. In fact, I worked through my entire repertroire of bribing, lecturing, guilting, scolding, disciplining and, finally, shouting.
This almost sends a chill down my spine. In my previous post, I talked about how a lampstand does not give off light of itself, but holds or presents light. This correlates directly with our relationship with Christ: we are the vessels of clay holding an immense treasure. We contain the light of Christ in His Spirit within us; we are the lampstands for Christ’s lightbulb. But what does it look like to have a lampstand removed? I’m not sure I want to know the answer to this question.
I thought I was older. Apparently, God has other ideas.
I have a follow up appointment with the surgeon who basically gave my life back to me, and I feel an overwhelming sense of gratitude towards her.
“It is among the evils, and perhaps is not the smallest, of democratical governments, that the people must feel, before they will see. When this happens, they are roused to action—hence it is that this form of government is so slow.”
@trixie_dust: In the Green Room now, Leila, Eber, Neil, Sauli… (Jimmy Kimmel Live 4-26-12)
For the Glaze (I completely forgot this for the first batch. I put the second batch in the oven and then remembered. I once again had not put it on. At this point, I was too tired to fuss so I sprinkled some cinnamon and some chocolate shreds on the cookies.)
No matter how many times I’d tell myself that I wasn’t like him, it turned out I was. Hurting the people I love? Check. Running away from my responsibilities? Check. Drinking every single day, in an attempt to swallow who I was? Check and check.
In the face of this mounting evidence it seems likely that Jan. 9, 1854, is her birth date, which points to the house at 8 Amity St. (now 197) as her birth place.
I wanted my archive to answer questions about the role of sexual identity in American culture. To begin, I wanted to make certain that I was right in my observations that television really was disproportionately portraying couples heteronormatively. I don’t consider myself to be an avid television watcher so I wondered if I looked outside of my regular tastes if I would find that queer couple really were as rare and as pointedly used as I had suspected. I quickly found that this was the case indeed. Looking at the core work of my archive—the portrayed sexuality of characters across the current, purportedly fictional (non reality, non news) primetime shows of three major networks: ABC, CBS, and NBC—it was very obvious that queer characters are in the extreme minority. According to my own statistics, total, across the 47 shows that fit my criteria, there were 396 main characters. Of them, 8 were gay and 4 were bisexual. That means that only 2% of the primary characters on the so-called “Big Three” American television networks are gay and 1% are bisexual, combined to a grand total of 3% of primary characters who could be defined as queer. With these suspicions confirmed, I was able to move on to more nuanced aspects of this issue, looking for answers to the following questions*:
Sam Clayton - congas, vocals
CHRISTMAS FUN
Like a lot of you out there I was initially confused as to why the series needed a reboot in the first place. To be honest I’m still a bit confused. And the previous trailer didn’t convince me.
The same applies to our life. The blue circle represents what we have in life. In both pictures, the size of the circle is the same, but we often torture ourselves by always comparing what we have with those who have more. Our lives became unhappy, because we feel that we have so little!
“Expect them to be taking the crown for UK’s best party band sometime soon” (Disorder)
Patricia A. Cody, 46, Brigantine, N.J.
My elder daughter studied GCSE history about five years ago, and one of the topics was 'Victorian Crime and Punishment'. Part of the course involved a close study of the Jack the Ripper murders - including photographs of the victims - for no good reason that I could see (since the Ripper was never caught and therefore never punished) other than its sensation value: educators clearly thought the subject would liven up potentially dull lessons. My daughter and a good portion of her classmates found it very disturbing, especially as her (female) history teacher appeared to enjoy the topic in a way which was quite out of sympathy with her class. Indeed, this woman told them with regret she was unable to show them more graphic photos, since when she had done so with the previous year's class, a girl had fainted.
Christan: So what happened?
The table is filled with parents but the are all nice. My stomach is growling but we are served Caesar Salad. (I was the only one skipped but they fixed that.) In my fantasy world, I'm pounding extra cheese on my giant slice of pepperoni pizza.
Not all women are subjects of religious tyranny. Some are simply silenced by the misogynistic men they have chosen to accompany through life.
* That you will do your very best to participate in and finish the 12 weeks
great car? When I was a kid, this guy I really looked up to, drove one of those cars. Split back seat, the tails, a ’73. I thought to myself I wanted Joe to have two possessions, a cool car and his gun. That’s all he has left and he came back from California with the only two things he didn’t have to sell, the only two things he didn’t lose. And obviously, they’re two potent phallic symbols, not to get too Freudian on you. We found that car in a barn outside Chicago.
I won't give anything away, but there were a few times in the movie where God spoke to me clearly. One of them was the use of John 8:36, which is my life verse. He whom the Son sets free, is free indeed. I am nervous & excited to see where God leads me.
I have to say everything was of such high quality and I was very impressed with how it looked, really child friendly, and with an age range of 6-12 yrs, it really would make a lovely gift for any little girl who enjoys arts and crafts. Indeed my daughter who especially loves dogs, couldn't wait to get everything out and follow the easy instructions....
For our last post, we decided to highlight the hydrangea. Hydrangeas have full, lush blooms with muted colors that play well into a vintage summer wedding with subtle seaside elements. Soft blues and greys would keep the color palette subdued, while white chandeliers would twinkle from the trees, overlooking tables decorated with candle-filled seashells and antique blue mason jars filled with hydrangeas. The bride would wear a dress with layers of closely packed ruffles paired with classic white heels and a crystal headband. A spread of various cheeses and crackers would make perfect appetizers, whetting the guests' appetite for a delicious seafood meal. A white cake with intricate details would top the meal off perfectly.
Travelling vs Staying with the man I love?
Judges generally don’t want to be tough, they want to make sure the other side understands what’s going on and that they are not taken advantage of. Thus, they may be stringent around issues of service of court papers, and be more lenient on procedural and substantive issues for the unrepresented litigant, thereby actually creating an uneven playing field.
It’s that time again, friends — monthly meal plan time. I was afraid this month’s plan, since it encompasses a significant portion of our 6-week GF/CF challenge with L., would be ridiculously challenging for me to write. I actually procrastinated about doing it, something that almost never happens; since I started writing meal plans for this family seven-odd years ago, it has rarely been a source of stress for me. Keeping up with the meal planning gives me a sense of calm and order. In fact, it’s usually a stress RELIEVER, believe it or not. (I never claimed to be normal, okay?)
A Dig Deeper (7:00)
3:00AM: Drunken tenants let me inside the building, sarcastically exchanging to one another, “I don’t know, he seems reeeeaaally dangerous,” then laughed away.
Juan Veintidos, Twins: no solo card
5:52AM.
“Do you think you could survive for just a few minutes without showing off?” That line, delivered by a bewigged and bothered judge in the final episode of the sophomore season of Sherlock--the BBC-TV drama making its return to American TV sets tomorrow night, courtesy of PBS’ Masterpiece Mystery! series--nicely emphasizes one of the storytelling strengths of this popular program.
Cellphone chiming....1-800 messages waiting...
Negative.
well, sentiments aside, not so long ago i actually had a chance to visit a saudi girls' school graduation party.. and let me tell you it was something! since it's a girls school, males were not allowed and as it happens at all female only gatherings here, the lades didn't miss a chance to show off their...everything.. well, it was kinda weird.. some came wearing night gowns, others - jeans or beach dresses.. and of course lots of make-up and perfumes
Admission – FREE if you register beforehand
George Anastaplo (born November 7, 1925, in St. Louis, Missouri) has been awarded the A.B., J.D., and Ph.D. degrees by the University of Chicago (1948, 1951, and 1964). He enlisted in the United States Army Air Corps in 1943 (at age 17) and served as an aviation cadet and as a flying officer until 1947.He is currently (2003) Professor of Law, Loyola University of Chicago; Lecturer in the Liberal Arts, The Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago; and Professor Emeritus of Political Science and of Philosophy, Dominican University. See, on his anomalous status at the Loyola School of Law, Item 2001(5), below, pp. 300-01. See, on his status at the University of Chicago, Item C-2001(5), below, pp. 304-15. See, also, Political Science Reviewer, vol. 26, pp. 3, 16 (1997). See, as well, Item D-XI/16(B)/2003, below. This bibliography, which is not complete, has been prepared by George Anastaplo. See, for earlier versions, Items C-1992(7), C-2000(11), and C-2000(13), below. See, also, (1) (www.anastaplo.wordpress.com) (2) http: hydeparkhistory.org. See, as well, Chicago Tribune Magazine, November 265, 2000, p. 14, December 31, 2000, p. 4 (last letter); The Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, February 5, 2004, p. 3; The Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, June 24, 2004, pp. 7-8..
I’m not sure if this is going to be a list of *all* things I believe or just spiritual type ones. I’m actually not sure if I know which category some would fall into. This list will most likely be a work in progress, changing and adapting as I do.
Can you tell me a little bit about the Eric Gregory Award?
Fabric ~ 32 count tea-stained Lugana
A-Z Archive: J! Challenge…Java!
Here they are in their new home. I popped them into one of my trustee coffee jars and needle felted them some grass to sit on. Little Sweetpeas had to sit on top as the gnomes long arms would't fit into the jar :-)
* ½ cup plump, moist raisins (dark or golden) (I used 1 cup fresh cranberries
But that has not stopped the greedy ­extremist – who is ­currently serving a seven-year sentence – from receiving thousands of pounds of extra cash to pay for extensive works to fix the rotting ­foundations at the five-bedroom home in West London.
We will strip them bare and naked
Attributes: Agility-d8, Smarts-d4(A), Spirit-d8, Strength-d12+8, Vigor-d10
“Well. You know Angelika, don’t you?”
Working together at all turns, Diablo FC’s Team Thunder overcame all opposition and produced a magnificent memory for themselves, for their coaches, and for their parents.
1 tsp. allspice
Me: Yes, they would’ve been lovelier if someone had bought them for me (hint hint)
On to the speech…Obama tried to convince Americans numerous times that our nation is now on the road to economic recovery. “The economy is growing again,” he said at one point.
So much could be said about this last verse. Successful business leaders know that customer loyalty is created within a relationship of trust. When those you serve realize that you can and will give them what they want, then they trust you, and know that you care. Caring is what creates true loyalty in business and life. We love him, because he first loved us. 1 John 4:19 (KJV) A strong bond is established when a leader is humble enough to first find out what they can do for the people they serve. It’s important not to assume we know what someone else needs. Show how much you care by taking the time to ask the simple question, “What do you want me to do for you?”
Somehow, my best friends love art, history, film, media, language – they practically abhor my physics obsession. Whether it be because they can’t grasp it, or aren’t interested, I don’t particularly know. Admittedly, I like my stance that physics is fascinating, intriguing, captivating, and any opposing stance I kind of just ignore. It’s amazing how well I relate to them too, except for enjoying reading about how a black hole works at a subatomic level.
3. Stir together Christmas Cheer and Great Friends until Holiday Excitement bubbles to the top.
So, what precisely is “Go’el” to Thrall? Or to the orcish people as a whole? In a word, it is nothing. We have been given absolutely no history on what this name represents, aside from the fact that Durotan and Draka, Thrall’s parents, wished this to be their son’s name. This was communicated to the Mag’har orcs of Nagrand before Durotan and his still-pregnant mate stepped through the Dark Portal to Azeroth.
On the iPad, the page is limited to two lexicons (Dictionary of Biblical Languages and BDAG if you own them) and only example uses of the word. The Word Study page does include the usage chart, but without the complete list of occurrences in the Bible the value of the chart is limited. What is disappointing to me is that I cannot get a list of all of the occurrences of a word in the New Testament. This makes a real word study almost impossible since I do not have a complete concordance of a given word. It would be ideal to have a list of all the occurrences of a word with links so that I can work my way through the list reading each text to see how the word is used. Since the appearance of computer Bibles, I really do not use concordances anymore (In fact, I have either sold them all or given them away!) However, Logos on the iPad does not provide me with a concordance.
Best contradiction of 1Malaysia
Frankly, I'm surprised there wasn't seismic activity recorded when I hit the ground!
While most of our modeling influence comes from people in our immediate environment, yes, we do model on people we know indirectly, through media images. This is especially true if our immediate environment is something we dislike. If you’re struggling to make ends meet, or live in a dangerous community, you’re going to be considerably more influenced by people outside of that than people who have what you already have–and don’t want. We’re all generally aspirational, but people in the trenches are more so than most, and thus more likely to idolize the lifestyles of the rich and famous, so to speak.
It is getting to the end of the game season, and it seems to be a general opinion that pheasant shouldn't be roasted after Christmas. As I enjoy pheasant I decided that I would try casseroling.
amymck
Because I don't have much else to say I thought I would leave you with one of the most beautiful places I have been...
But not only will DAP be targeted, elected representatives from PAS and PKR will also be enticed. This is why, it is essential for the Pakatan to ensure they select only the reputable candidates – no more Zahrain Hashims, Hee Yit Foongs or Hasan Alis, please.
and I look back at you
By the way, I really hate bowling.
Conclusion: “The Social Security and Medicare deficits are on a course to engulf the entire federal budget. If our policymakers wait to address these growing debts until they are out of control, the solutions will be drastic and painful.”
It amazes me how preachy people can be about the shit that happens in other people's lives.
For now, my son's disease will continue to wreak havoc on his body while we wait. And he is certainly not alone. This is the case for the 96% of those with Cystic Fibrosis who must wait a bit longer for help to come.
TIME: 7:01 PM
Trouble is, books aren’t even books anymore. Not only are they the poor relations to DVDs, the homespun option to zingy CDs, they are reclassified as mere learning resource support materials. Or something. “Support” always seems to muscle in these days. It’s hard to think sometimes, once there, with the music blaring. The OAPs drift around to the pulsating throb of Eminem. I think it’s called making the library relevant. Or something.
Chinese food served in those tallish metal dishes with a lid. That food was gross! No wonder I thought I didn’t like Chinese food.
“Sorry.” I responded and dumped my clothes at the end of my bed.
Gregory: what about Bob Kerry
Melt the white chocolate the same way as you melted the mint chips above. Then roll the remaining truffles in the melted white chocolate.
When Danni reaches the shaman’s hut, she expects him to be outside, working in the garden. He isn’t, but a familiar face is there to greet her. The eldest shaman in the village is named Wesdal. The shaman’s hut is secluded and while he doesn’t often get visitors, he walks down the path every day. His apprentice, Keeta, looks up and smiles as Danni approaches down the worn path.
Dr. Ron Breaker
I had halved the recipe, turned the crust into mini pies using 3 in round cutter instead of one large pie. Feel free to use any filling of your choice but now had stuffed them with fruit preserves. Be careful not to overfill as the jam will spill out when hot and burn. These are so cute and great for serving your guests.
Boring..
I looked down at Peggy who was by my feet, tail wagging and a lopsided grin plastered all over her face.
The noiselessness around me amplifies the sighs of my slow, purposeful breaths as I continue my silent screams. I feel a tingling deep in my chest, it groans on my behalf.
I am hereby officially tendering my resignation as an adult.
1056 D-VI/29/1989. “Comments on the June 1989 Draft of the Dallas Brief in FW/PBS, Inc. v. City of Dallas (United States Supreme Court, 1989).” Memorandum No. 6 for theCity Attorney of Dallas, Texas, from Rome, Italy.
bring upon them the day of disaster;
Jordyn Stoll
See how considerate I am ;)
I wish I practice more guitar back when I got it 12 years ago. I wish I took care of it and nurtured my artistic side. I didn’t. But now I am learning, practicing more often. Realistic goals, realistic results.
That would give you something to focus on outside your despair, even though it's all about your despair.
After surveying the scene, Shimon returned to Havat Gilad disappointed. Calling the protest tent encampment "one big, despicable summer camp," Shimon proclaimed that the tent city was not a genuine protest; his impression was that most of the protesters seemed to have come out of mere summer boredom. "Once the boredom passes, this whole battle will die out," Shimon predicted.
Daniel and I had known we wanted to get married for about a year before we actually got engaged. There were two main reasons that we waited so long: one- I wanted a summer wedding, and two - I was terrified. There were definitely a few times we walked into rings stores ready to pick out my engagement ring, and I pretty much hyperventilated until Daniel took me out of the store and bought me ice cream to calm me down. After waiting a year, I felt much more ready to get married. After trying on a million rings at every jewelry store in the Salt Lake valley, I finally found the one at The Shane Company.
It was amidst all of this, when I began to give up fighting the good fight, that I turned on the TV, (something I rarely do unless it's for my four year old or to watch with my family), and saw Oprah's new book club book, Eckhart Tolle's A New Earth. I picked this book up early on a Sunday morning for the first time, while still in bed and began reading. I resonated with every word, much was not new for me, but what was new, was the realization that had somehow slipped past me that I was not my thoughts or my emotions, (in other words my ego and pain body as Eckhart calls it), but rather that Presence that I've been aware of for many years now that was the observer of my thoughts and emotions--the very Awareness that my ego was urging me to resist aligning with. This understanding was like the missing piece to the puzzle that I've been searching for that made the truths I had learned over the years actually work. I suppose because my ego was the loudest and most forceful and fueled by a sometimes very overwhelming and other times very subtle fear-- and because it mirrored, for the most part, the perceptions of the world around me, I listened. In contrast, my inner voice, my soul, doesn't try to rescue me from myself, it never forces truth upon my mind and emotions, nor does it judge them. Instead, if I allow it in, it simply sheds light.
The evening sun was peeping through the huge trees and the cool breeze made the curtains shadow dance on the floor. She watched them intently for some time.
The perfume itself is a mix of musk, mango, pinapple, and bergamot with notes of Sichuan pepper.
Humanity will be preserved
I could save even more if I made my own chai tea mix rather than buying the Tazo stuff. So, keep an eye out for my fabulous homemade chai tea mix recipe.
There were several secular historians who wrote about the events of the New Testament at the same time the Bible was being written. Josephus is the most well-known of them. He was a Jewish historian. Tacitus was a Roman historian who would have no benefit from not telling the truth. Both these men, as well as others, can be used to back up the historical accuracy of the Bible.
As promised in my last post
I had the pleasure of working with a French Chef who was proficient in making these wondrous sweet fantasies. I will share the information but can not provide a recipe since they are very very long and very complicated. BUT at least you will know how they are made and the next time you come across one you will be more than tempted to try it!
Let’s start with the orphanages. They tug at heartstrings, the stories about Haitian orphans were all over the news cycle, I get why there is a natural desire to support and fund orphanages. One of the things Misha says in the Random Acts’ introductory video is he wants to “cut out the middleman” in aid delivery. (That was the sound of a thousand heads hitting their desks in aid agencies across the land.) That means sending funds not to an Oxfam America, Mercy Corps, or even Save the Children, but instead sending funds directly to three orphanages in Haiti.
STEVEN: I have not heard anything official about the sequel to the Jumper movie. I've seen articles that quote some of the actors as it still being on the table but Doug Liman is involved with other projects. Obviously I would be delighted if it was. There's no publicity like movie publicity. It's television, newspaper, web, billboard, etc., and it all leads back to the original book. I also get some cash if they make a sequel and that wouldn't suck either. Kids heading off to college and all that.
When it comes to food, get involved. Order what you like and enjoy it. And don’t be afraid to use your hands where appropriate. Sure there are probably some rigid public school boys, anal retentives and Teutonic types who are so removed from their food and the pleasures of life that to see you digging in with relish will only freak them out. There are also flaming chauvinistic fattists out there who think that any level of enjoyment of food means that you will explode in one year’s time. We don’t like them anyway.
The study of the Holocaust is one of the best ways to illustrate the importance of tolerance and acceptance in any society, as it is one of the most well-documented state-sponsored persecutions in history. That's why books like ...I never saw another butterly... are important to read and discuss. And that's why I'm inviting you to participate in my Holocaust Reading Series via the comments section of this blog.
Even Bono and his moobs would celebrate.
disc/s: 3
as coming from the 'special reserve' as though it somehow isn't taxpayer's money and shouldn't be thought of as being put to better use funding social care or even paying off the deficit a little less painfully. No it's a 'special reserve', it's not for the likes of us to be bailed out with.
But, according to Russia Today, who hasn’t? “You can think whatever you like about the moral standing of the three people involved,” the Russia Today author writes. “But the last time we checked there was no statute against getting pissed drunk and having a drunken romp. Not in Britain at least. Because if there were, too many lads to count could be accused of statutory rape after many a pint on a Saturday night.”
Fiona Wozney, Managing Director of WRD commented “We are thrilled to have Claire on board and welcome the fresh new approach she will bring to the table.”
Given such a list of Taib handouts to this BN ally, Sarawak Report feels entitled to ask for full details and explanations about a mysterious timber concession that was granted to the company Sejahtera Ultima Sdn Bhd just before the last election.
Then one day as she picked him up and bathed him before giving him his lunch, he turned his head to be able to look her in the face with his good eye and he smiled.
You hoodwink them, but don't fool me at all.
Then I went to college. I went with Rena there too, I mean, nothing else seemed to work. I got some interesting titles there (Ice Queen of the Universe and High Executioner of all she Surveys), but nothing seemed right. I wanted a name that hinted of the mystical without being silly. And then I got to be a horseback riding instructor at a camp. At camp, no one goes by their names, and they didn’t warn us until we were there. We had two days to pick then we had a naming ceremony in the hours before the kids showed up. I was completely stumped. I knew better than to pick my old fall backs because they didn’t work. I already knew that. So I picked Draco, for the constellation.
I was on vacation last week. My wife and I went to Maui to celebrate our fifth anniversary. It was our third trip to the islands, second time to Maui. Needless to say, we had a wonderful time.
Urban Scrapbook just got in all the new BoBunny and Simple Stories lines and they were too beautiful to resist! In BoBunny, the Et Cetera line is my favorite, but the colors in Forever Fall and Garden Girl are gorgeous! The Simple Stories baby line is stunning too. I don't know how it happened, but quite a bit seemed to come home with me! I know what I'll be doing this weekend! Have a great one!
5. Does it really matter if someone doesn’t agree with you about whether homosexuality is a choice or not? What about abortion? What about smoking? What about divorce? What about men marrying young teenagers in other countries via arranged marriages? What about children being sold into the slave trade business as a workforce and for sexual reasons? What about whether someone does drugs or not? What about evolution, creationism, intelligent design? We all have things that we believe ardently in. You have to answer for yourself why it matters and what should be done about it. Here is the kicker: I am pro-life. Yes, I wish all abortion clinics would go away. No, I do not believe that legally that will ever happen nor should it. I want to be free to reach out to those considering abortion just like the abortion clinics are. I want to love these young women and offer them support, encouragement, and materials that tell them about all the different alternatives they have (such as adoption). But I am in a polarized country that wants it one way or the other. You can’t have pro-life and pro-choice people free to proclaim their message legally for some reason. I can’t figure this out. The bias goes both ways. My point is that in order for me to maintain my freedom, our society is at a point where the other side has to have their freedom too. I am okay with that. I vehemently disagree with them, but I would rather be free to propagate the pro-life message than told that it is illegal.
Used this in the shower while I was shaving my legs and whatnot and it felt amazing! There seems to be a slight warming sensation on the skin.
It was Helena’s first encounter with someone who looks a bit like her and who likes to play softball just like her facing a serious health crisis. I wish I could have offered better answers to Helena’s tough questions.
I hope you'll be as excited as I am!
“This imaging project provides an amazing level of access to the wondrous painting of the Ghent Altarpiece,” said Deborah Marrow, director of the Getty Foundation. “It has been a privilege to work with such a distinguished team of international colleagues on this important project.”
As a result of this compromise South Africa has flourished into what must be the Super Power of Africa. There are many wealth people black and white.
The gospel offers Jesus’ righteousness in exchange for our filth: offensive!
Choosing the right words is not always easy, and if you are not used to talking to women it really can seem quite difficult. That’s okay because when you gain experience in starting conversations with women, it can become easy. Once you have both the belief and the skills in place, then it will be easy for you to attract love into your life.
Sojourn #0 – 6
Don't worry....we get along great and I always
I think my friend has an eating disorder, but I don’t know what to say. Talking to someone about an eating disorder is one of the most difficult conversations you can have.
Cake toppers, lanterns, lace and pretty bridesmaids, 7 in a row await. 200 guest will witness this event and dance the night away...a honeymoon awaits to the Happiest Place on Earth...you guessed it, Disneyland. I'm down to my last $200 in debt to pay for it all...ha...but it's worth it...all.
A reader forwards me a rather odd article from the Waco Tribune Herald (subscription-only) titled "Inmate decline puzzles officials," that plays the role of apologist for a series of very bad management decisions by the McLennan County Commissioners Court.
With a perpetual smile
For the different national markets we work through license agreements with local publishing houses, in which Jongbloed is the party responsible for printing the titles. Besides the Netherlands, we have launched our concept in Spain, France and, as you have correctly mentioned in your question, in the UK.
Like what you see? Consider becoming a follower: RSS, email or Facebook. (Psst, I'm posting sneak peaks and more frequent updates on my Facebook, so if you don't want to miss anything, like my page!)
Treble Crochet (t) - Yarn over 2 times, insert hook in stitch, yarn over and pull up loop (4 loops on hook), yarn over and draw through 2 loops, yarn over and draw through next 2 loops, yarn over and draw through remaining 2 loops.
...where a wedding was actually taking place!
‘They’ll keep him safe and sound,’ you said.
For to drive away your troubles,
I must admit to having a soft spot for Leo.
The first game is an Atlantic Division clash between the New York Knicks and the Boston Celtics. The Knicks are primed for their first full season with Carmelo Anthony and Amare Stoudemire leading the troops. The team also added NBA Champion, center Tyson Chandler to aid what has become known as an anemic defensive unit. The Knicks are certainly not a deep squad but any team with two perennial All-Stars should certainly be able to compete.
Dixie Carter won’t miss Eric Bischoff, she tells us very annoyingly.
Have you girlies checked out "Pose" yet? It's like Instagram, without all the food pics. There's lots of inspiring style and outfit ideas.
Here is a nice update thanks to a kind soul that follows TSM:
How you prepare the guest will depend on the their level of experience. If they are new to this type of interview they will need to be well briefed. It is a difficult and unnatural situation and not everyone will cope.
Individual and family counseling is recommended for children, and individual or couples therapy is recommended for adults. Sex reassignment through surgery and hormonal therapy is an option, but severe problems may persist after this form of treatment. A better outcome is associated with the early diagnosis and treatment of this disorder.
This website is a part of an incentivized online influencer network for Fresh Takes on Family Time Powered by Subway.
I’m both a country mouse and a city mouse, all rolled into one. I spent my elementary years in Houston, collecting bruises–my badges of honor–fighting boys on the playground and popping wheelies on my Mongoose bike. The summer before my eighth grade year, my family moved to Harper, a one-stop-light Hill Country town where kindergarteners and seniors attend the same school. There I lived on my family’s century ranch and got into as much trouble as I did in the city. (sorry, Mom) Now I’m back in Houston–Katy, to be exact–though the only boy I fight with these days is my husband. (sorry, dear)
the wind blows in the westward wilderness
Only a hard life gets that rough
Mary Pickford is possibly the biggest star with whose work I'm the least familiar. Certainly among the four founders of United Artists (Pickford, DW Griffith, Charlie Chaplin and Douglas Fairbanks) she's the one I know the least about, she's also the one least well known in general today, so I don't think I'm all that alone in my ignorance. But that doesn't make it right. This 1917 film is the first feature I've seen her in, and it comes from an odd time in her career. She was already established as a huge star (reportedly second only to Chaplin in 1916) but was in the midst of a cycle of films in which she played pre-teen children, despite the fact that she was 25 years old, had been married for six years (to her first husband, actor Owen Moore) and had been playing adults for much of her career. It's about as weird as if in addition to starring in Black Swan in 2010, when she was 28 years old, Natalie Portman had also made Leon that same year, playing the same 13 year old girl role she had actually played in 1994.
nah. substitute post. Jill’s survey, completed earlier today, when i wasn’t feeling so shitty and stuff. so i’ve got about two more tags to go haha :)
The home contingent at least had a rampant Rangers start to cheer their thoughts. Steven Whittaker sent the hosts in front with a low, curling left-foot shot before Sone Aluko doubled that lead.
Louis Gerstner started his working in life with McKinsey & Company in 1965, joined American Express as their Head of Travel related Services Group in 1977 and accepted the CEO’s position of RJR Nabisco in 1989. Let’s see what CIOs and general management can learn from this icon of modern business and technology. (In no particular order):
There are bound to be varying degrees of tolerance between writers and over time, but we will continue to avoid 'hating' on tabloid readers generally (this being existing policy on the two older media watch sites), as we recognise that even the worst elements are victims to a degree if they base their fears/prejudices on misleading information fed to them by these newspapers - and we are ultimately out to bring some of them on board with the whole 'honesty in media' policy (at least to the extent that they cease reading, funding and otherwise enabling these media outlets that play so wilfully on the fears of others).
From the Springfield, MA Republican: today’s top stories:
Springport PTA, school food service and student council contributed volunteer time or money to support Harvestfest. A total of $150 in cash and $600 worth of food donations was given to the program.
Moments of laughter
This one seems nice and simple. If there is corroborated evidence that Mr Bird did do what he denied, then one can see matters going further. However, even here the lack of precision acts to help Mr Bird. If, for example, Mr Bird ordered surveillance which he believed to be legal (and again this is a hypothetical) then his answer would be legally incorrect, but not perjury.
So what will people be able to do during this weekend? Well, if they are interested in the forbidden, they can visit the printing plant of a newspaper, the control centre for the city’s traffic lights, or enter a bunker under one of the principal railway stations in the capital. For those looking for new experiences, there are tours of cemeteries and artists’ studios, and people seeking the unknown can meet up under a
2. Righteous people find acceptance with God by responsible living
In my lectures, I had made it easy for them, even though I didn't use the blackboard much. When I did, it was mainly to write Sanskrit terms. I would underline important words or phrases verbally as the lecture went on, so they could jot down key points rather than write too much and not take in what I was saying.
Conserving water will automatically conserve holding-tank space. One method of conserving space in the gray-water tank is to wash dishes in plastic dishpans and then dump the dirty dishwater into the black-water holding tank by pouring it into the toilet.
I think it is a move by the really big money to slap down the up and coming entrepreneurs who are climbing their way up. Nouveau riche, There is more of an elitist tint to this thing than one might think. If you own a hedge fund or are a high level investment banker, I think you'd be safe.
3 tbsp soya sauce
There was a movie on the other day called October Sky. It was about other ‘space heads’ with stars in their eyes. Oh, I’m sorry, did you think my old nickname was ‘drug-related?’ No, that was way before I began ‘expanding my consciousness’ in that manner. Anyway, the movie, a true story, was about this kid and his friends who were determined to build and launch rockets, despite the fact that nearly everyone around them thought they were crazy. They succeeded, with the help of a supportive teacher and the slowly evolving respect they earned when they didn’t give up. The main character even went on to join NASA.
Please don’t leave me.
This season was going to be different. Government officials promised money would flow to prevent these catastrophes. But with the rains and deaths already starting, the government’s own figures show funds are not going where officials say they are needed.
So where exactly does the line lie?
Ah me! how hard a thing it is to say
Some 15000 troops are said to be involved in the operation, including American, British and Afghan soldiers. It is being described as the biggest offensive since the 2001 invasion of Afghanistan. Writing in openDemocracy.net, Prof Paul Rogers examines some of the possible reasons behind the Western media campaign. There has been very little scrutiny or questioning by mainstream journalists about claims being made about the offensive. The tendency has been to simply accept what the foreign forces tell the media, who uncritically turn them into hard news.
The saddest thing is that there are little girls all over the country, maybe all over the world, that are thinking just like this and acting just like this. Most of them evidently have enough foresight not to record themselves and post videos, but that doesn't change the fact that there are tons of them.
had been attacking my apartment since 6 p.m. the previous day. The good news: contrary to what the weathermen said (shocking since they're usually always right on target), it never hailed and therefore my car's exterior is intact and dent-free. The bad news: All the dirt on the plot of grass I parked in front of decided to mudslide its way all over the front of my car. Today's priority: car wash.
If you’re a music nerd, go to Fingerprints. They have any used concert DVD, CD, Book, record, t-shirt, button, etc. that you could ever want and they keep the prices low enough for the type of people who want those things to be able to afford. It is a large, sunny space that sometimes hosts live performances ranging from local bands to the Foo Fighters. I want to be there now.
It is smooth quartzite
-You won’t regret being upfront about your beliefs, even though that mean boy in English class will call you “Moses” for the rest of the year. (Really? “Moses” is the best he could come up with any way?) You will, however, regret being obnoxious and hypocritical. Until you understand yourself and your faith better, don’t be a little preacher. You’re embarrassing me again.
With many thanks
The current ultra-orthodox lifestyle is like most modern fundamentalisms - one of medieval belief married to modern means. Very few Jews in history who weren’t rabbis themselves had the privilege of devoting a mere few years of their lives to Yeshiva study. But with subsidies that come from a diverse number of places - including charitable foundations who’ve found a way to make tax-free write-offs, and even the State of Israel itself – they’ve found it reasonable to build a community whose sole purposes are to study Torah ad infinitum, and to make babies by the dozens who will one day study more Torah.
Keeping it metal, Freedom Call are back and like fellow GRTR! reviewer Joe Geesin, this is a band I have only recently got into. They release their new album via SPV/Sony and after only one play its unfair to judge but seems good so far!
The theme of this year’s World Day to Combat Desertification is: Healthy soil sustains your life, LET’S GO LAND-DEGRADATION NEUTRAL.
Hot on the heels of a post just a couple of months ago saying that there were going to be fewer cesareans the Daily Mail (and Sunday Times but I'm too cheap to pay for that) have this article saying that all pregnant women will be able to have a cesarean on request, as long as they receive full information beforehand.
Wallace didn't simply arrive home, enter the house, and discover his wife dead. According to his version of events, he tried his keys both in the front and back doors but found them locked. Meeting his neighbours, John and Florence Johnston, in the outside passageway around 8.45pm, he explained he couldn't get in or obtain any answer. However, when they accompanied him to the house, Wallace was able to turn the handle of the door easily and enter the house. There, on the sitting room floor, he discovered the battered body of his wife.
So tonight a bunch of us from work went out for dinner at Ra Sushi. I generally like this place, even though our service tonight was absolutely awful. Is it really that much of a burden to split up a check even after you assure us at the beginning of the night that we can get separate bills? And then take 20 minutes to get our money? Do you just want a $3 tip from everyone?
On the other hand, the pink G-string was an instant hit. Both with Geri and myself. The front fitted snugly, and held me in way that felt very sexy, and the string back felt delicious pulled up between my cheeks and against my hole. Geri liked the minimal coverage / maximum exposure, and the way it made my manhood look more pronounced.
INSPECTOR-GENERAL of Police Tan Sri Ismail Omar was recently reported to have said good-looking police officers would be assigned to give the force a friendlier look.
Annoying, first because I can never remember how to spell their name, secondly because they chomp off bits of plants - they neatly decapitated my hostas, thank you very much. Also late at night they sometimes go in for this weird barking to each other, sounds like a hacking cough, possibly a mating call, most unattractive to me (but then I am not a deer, or a smoker).
After lunch, we headed back to Flannagans to watch the Buckeye game and listen to numerous bands.
on arches 140# coldpress
They spent 10 years in China, and were deported several times back to North Korea, but were always able to bribe their way back into China. The last time a Korean-American pastor paid $10,000.00 to North Korean guards to sneak them back. They went to the United Nations in Beijing and asked to live in the U.S.
To create the whimsical look of tea spraying from the tea cup, I hot glued some green floral foam inside the tea cup. Then I took several feathers and poked them into the foam until I achieved the desired look. The "pouring tea" is not secured to the tea cup (again, because the project was going to be mailed to CHA Chicago and back). However, the tea cup and the tea pot were suspended to be sure that the "pouring tea" would line up properly when hung.
I admire good transitions. One of my favorite transition tools are images. Sometimes a writer will plant a repeating image as a way to link different parts of a book.
Other than uncertainty with the shoes, I really liked this outfit. I have gotten so much use out of this sweater that I wish I would've bought more in different colors! I typically wear it with a sheer top underneath which seems to work well as the cut is very low.
Yesterday at the end of family activities, I took some shots of the christmas tree. It’s becoming a tradition on Christmas. I did the same thing last year, and I may do it again on New Years when my family gets together again.
Investors Intelligence Advisory Sentiment index, ChartCraft’s measure of newsletter sentiment, showed a smidgen more bearishness this week. The bulls increased to 37.6% (from 37%) and the bears to 28% (from 26%). Overall, very little was changed in the general state of this indicator. We’ve seen a decline but not one that is significant enough to match previous correction lows.
When I heard that, I fell apart. The strain has been huge and the
Then, when I was barely off of my crutches, my DH fell and broke his ankle in 2 spots. Talking about BAD LUCK HUH?!!
Consensus: It may not be Tarantino’s best script ever written, but it still has a great energy to it, with crazy performances from the ensemble cast, and some really kick-ass moments that make this film a fun watch if not as good as you would expect from these Scott and Tarantino working together.
Bring to boiling point (do not boil)
Tryndamere: Money.
I feel like this isn't normal.
I will hold you in your pain
“For to this you were called, because Messiah also suffered for us, leaving us an example, that you should follow His steps,1 Footnote: 11 Cor. 11:1, 1 John 2:6.” (1 Peter 2:21 The Scriptures 1998+)
Does come to me gently, and all this life I’ve been searching for connection, and
I am going... To watch some recorded shows and then go to bed.
Next we headed to Roman's pretesting appt for surgery this Thursday...about 10 other people in the waiting room including a woman who was on her phone swearing and dropping the "N" word non-stop so I had to take the children (both have echolailia) over near the entrance (farthest away we could get) by this point we had been in the waiting room for over 25mins and they were off the wall, running, climbing, yelling...I had to hold Roman between my legs and hold Bella who was not having it..this ensued the hitting, head butting, hair pulling, scratching & yelling...she whacked me so hard at one point my face stung for a half hour! All the while people in the waiting room are just staring at us. After 20 more mins they finally got us in a room & did Roman's exam where he was in sensory overload that he was bouncing against the exam table, flopping around....thank God the nurses & Dr realized they NEEDED to get out of there and were fast!
But we didn't, and I went to work like a Zombie. Multiple people asked me what the latest news was, and I gave a weak, "oh, we're not sure. Could be any day now."
The judge proclaimed that he assumed the interpreter was a lawyer based on his appearance and demeanor.
As a manifestation tool, this is how we use it:
We would quote Ephesians 2:8.
Our dear friend Lauren Collier of News12 invited us to her show Pet Talk this weekend! Bailey helped author Allia Zobel Nolan, a PAWS volunteer and supporter, introduce her new books, "Dog Confessions: Shocking Tales Straight from the Doghouse" and "Cat Confessions: A "Kitty Come Clean" Tell-All Book," two very entertaining books worth checking out! PAWS' very own volunteer David G. introduced Bailey to the public. Poor David thought he was just bringing Bailey over to the studio, and before he could hand me the leash, they had him wired for sound. That David is a trouper!
Bradley tried to limit membership on the panel investigating the Willingham case to Gov. Perry's three new appointees, adding to my fear that he's put the Willingham investigation in a stacked committee. At least the other two new commissioners had the decency to feel a sense of embarrassment at the crassness of this blatant hijacking and insisted that Dr. Sarah Kerrigan also be included. Describing these machinations, Casey wrote that Mr. Bradley had:
wait for it…
We're not talking about the weather or the beautiful blossoms remember? So, no comment.
‘But a temporary VAT cut would help pensioners and others on low incomes who don’t pay income tax.’
Mix all the filling ingredients well. Place 1 tsp of filling in each wonton wrapper and seal. To boil the won tons, bring a large pot of water to a full boil. Add the wontons and cook for 8 minutes.
Then in the late 1830s and 1840s Foster and his son Edward Ward Foster (1819-1851) together compiled and published a number of educational texts and charts, discussed in part 3. After his son's death in 1851 Edward senior continued peddling scholastic charts throughout the United Kingdom, also easily verified through newspaper advertorials.
“Resumption of excavation at Gor Khatri would enrich the archaeological profile of Peshawar because we are hoping of discovering more evidences of life beyond the period from 4 to 6 century BC”, observed Saleh Muhammad.
Hang on. That's a different post too.
“A curious fellow,” said Digby to himself, as he walked back through the darkened streets to his old-fashioned hotel. “I can’t quite place him. I wonder if he’d be prepared to sell.”
Overall, not a bad movie - just what you'd expect from the typical 90s action/thriller mix. Good for a watch if you've never seen it, or if you have a massive, unexplained celebrity crush on Wesley Snipes and his questionable clothing choices during this decade.
colleague: "You're eating already?"
Final Health Update
in her fairytale-like way,
Schumpeter and Polymer Research
Whew! Just typing up those lines are making me tired. I've been sick with a cold and cough combo that's totally kicking me in the you-know-where. Instead of writing my last A to Z challenge post over the weekend, I took a lot of naps instead. It's hard enough being sick with a bug, but to be sick and not take anything for it (because of the pregnancy)??? It just plain sucks.
Me: "Okay then, I guess we must leave it at that."
70 Cards Designed by Joan Elliott
Anyway, I overcame my perhaps unwarranted hesitancy and read Mieville’s novel previous to Kraken: The City and The City. At its core, it’s a detective novel. The setting is the rival Eastern European-ish cities of Beszel and Ul Qoma. A woman from one city is found dead in the other and haggard Beszel detective Tyador Borlu must work through the barriers in his own corrupt department as well as navigate the other city-state’s unfamiliar customs and inherent distrust to solve the crime.
stars as it arcs over clouds
The Barangay and Sangguniang Kabataan (SK) elections on October 25, 2010 defines the direction of our town, city, and provincial politics. The way we involve will either bring us reforms we love to call as good politics or worsen our situation.
Got my Rakeback today… FINALLY… thanks to Cena and the Deuces Cracked support team *props* … so I log on to verify and the temptation gets me… I know I shouldn’t play and my mind tricks me into it… that sneaky bastard … I need to generate like 1 penny in rake to make the cut so i sit down at $25NL … genius … not really… within 2 orbits I 3 bet the guy on the button with AQo … then I tell myself … don’t get in over you head with this hand… didn’t listen though … he had 67s called the c-bet on a flush draw board with an OESD … binked it on the turn … I obv triple barrel cause I am a donk and haven’t played in MONTHS … I proceed to tilt and go play HU … time for another break lol
When all was said and done, we had 7 minutes left for our final block of the day. We got filmed in our last 7 minutes in Relief Society . . . . . . and then they went and did a "mock" early morning seminary class, which McKay conveniently forgot to tell us about so he could go home. I guess the kids changed into "school" clothes for that shoot. We were home eating dinner by that time I'm sure!
Hey there penguins!There are some cool new codes that unlock items released this month just today by Club Penguin!Check them out – they are the following:
The US Air Force Academy Chapel in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Not only do I love the design of this structure and how it echos the wings of planes soaring up, but I love what it stands for: the ability for people to worship in whatever way they wish. Inside there are chapels for Catholics, Jews, Protestants and Buddhists. I read recently they are adding an area for Pagans. The site against the mountains is gorgeous, and this building is huge. You can kind of see the scale when you look at the cadet who is walking by.
One week. One week from TODAY! The Scorch Trials will be in a bookstore near you. I'm so excited for all of you to read this book. Extremely excited. Here's hoping you'll like it.
Hubs: Hey hun?
Taken internally as a tea or as a tisane, sweet clover relieves discomfort in the legs, particularly night cramps, itching, and swelling. The herb also supports the traditional medical treatments of vein inflammation, blood clots, and congestion of the lymph nodes. Applied externally as a poultice, sweet clover speeds the healing of bruises and eases the swelling of hemorrhoids.
Guy Mannering by Sir Walter Scott I read Ivanhoe (gulp) thirty years ago and enjoyed it, so when my 19th century literature reading group selected this for our fall book, I was excited. When the story finally picks up steam, it's very good, but the first one-third is very slow, with almost no dialogue. Make sure you read an edition that has a glossary in the back for the many, many Scottish dialectical phrases (not Gaelic) used by most characters. But if you're looking for a story with smugglers, hidden identities, a little romance, but not much swashbuckling, this is the story for you.
40 of whisky, another 40 of whisky and another and another… I’m moving all around the place, hands on her body, her hair beating my face as she shakes her head. I pull her tight to my body feeling her ass rubbing against my pelvis on the music rhythm. I leave my head fall between her tits filling my lungs with her perfume, so sweet… so much desire… I finally exhale my breath mixed with whisky vapors towards her face and I lean back with an orgasmic look frozen on my face… I want to have her now….
But the middle ear also possesses a kind of “buffer,” to reduce exceedingly high levels of sound. This feature is provided by two of the body’s smallest muscles, which control the hammer, anvil and stirrup bones. These muscles enable exceptionally loud noises to be reduced before they reach the inner ear. Thanks to this mechanism, we hear sounds that are loud enough to shock the system at a reduced volume. These muscles are involuntary, and come into operation automatically, in such a way that even if we are asleep and there is a loud noise beside us, these muscles immediately contract and reduce the intensity of the vibration reaching the inner ear.
Hub & Bearings
Coming in at a measly 272 calories, this lightened up lasagna pairs the fresh flavors of basil and prosciutto with a light, creamy, spicy cheese sauce that is just as amazing if not more than its full fat counterpart. Layer all that savory goodness between saucy noodles, throw in a salad and a slice of buttery garlic bread, and it's a meal nothing short of comforting. Anytime of the year.
Starcast : Eddie Murphy, Ben Stiller and Casey Affleck
- Had my port-a-cath put in by Dr Ames Smith, BUT +, it was a flawless surgery and easy to recover from.
No. 2 in a much delayed series.
and reading how much you liked the Amersham 'Movie',
Revoked felony probationers currently account for more than one-third of Texas' prison population and nearly half of the state jail population.
Hello everyone! We ended up at Disney World and had a fabulous time. It was so nice to get away from the cold for a while and play outside in the sun everyday. Don't worry, I won't bore you with all the pictures I took. ;)
Where I come from, everybody plays music. Sitting on the beach around the fire with guitars and djembes and anything that can create a vibration. Mainly reggae music but not exclusively. So I didn’t really ‘start’ making music, music was always there. It was just a matter of being introduced to it. My favorite instrument is didgeridoo – which explains my artist name, Didjelirium, a mix between didgeridoo and delirium – and I can follow a rhythm on percussions. But I’m a writer. I used to lose myself in poetry for years then kind of naturally shifted to writing lyrics, once I could play a few chords on the guitar. I then produced music with computer later on, but I realized I’m better with words than with sound engineer matters, so ‘who the cap fit, let dem wear it’… I’m lucky enough to meet incredibly creative producers, and I simply collaborate as a storyteller. Really, I’m just a bard. I couldn’t care less about ‘genres’ and ‘styles’ – this is only the human need for classification, its attempt to simplify the world through artificial divisions. For me, music is music, vibration is vibration and I simply tell stories.
I’ve been sick the past few weeks with walking pneumonia. Add in the bout of depression where everything was a downward spiral of angst into a tunneling black hole and the two cases of happiness didn’t help with my productivity.
A styling tip from the Dessert Table Designer...if your table is sloping in the middle (I've had this happen a lot with older tables), then place a piece of plywood or foam core on top of your table to even it out. Overall, great job Bird! Thanks for sharing!
So anyway, we made it through our third level of hell with me passing off a pink folder for purple and two black composition books for marbled (I had reached my limit of patience, marbled composition books do not exist in my realm of reality and any teacher who requests purple as one of the colors for a folder is just asking for trouble) and we piled ourselves into a checkout line. Thankfully the checkout was a quick one, which was something short of a miracle, and we ventured back outside where it was still raining.
The title of this is probably unfair, as its not grails itself I’m writing about. I thought I’d share with the world the recent pain of a Grails 1.2 to 1.3 app upgrade.
Took Blushing bride CS (to retire next month, sadly so I am stocking up) diecut the petite purse then embossed it with the snowburst EF (carried over so still available)- thought it looked 'basket weave'-y. Chopped off the top and the rounded corners of the side to make an open purse.
Cheese: Coulommiers
Not at all
a simple wave
With Mother's Day coming very soon, I figured I should probably make something for my mom. She's always very forgiving when it comes to forgotten gifts, especially because I often give her the things I make. Actually, no. She's forgiving because gifts for "special days" aren't the most important thing about these kinds of days.
usually i don’t do posts for oneshots but this one was absolutely amazing
Now Paul was telling them of a new dispensation but they would have no part of it. Like so many today, they would rather do religious works rather than accepting the work of Jesus Christ on the cross and the empty tomb.
beasts that consume chaos.
John and I arrived in Austin at the same time, in the summer of 1979. I was an exchange visitor and he was a new assistant professor, thrilled to be joining the English Department in which his friend Evan had also been hired. Although we were total strangers, he generously agreed to let me share his rented house for the summer. The John I met that hot July was brought back to me recently by the tiny mug shot that I found in his department file: a sweet, skinny, serious, slightly balding, and incredibly young looking man. As we both negotiated our new circumstances we had many long conversations, during which I was stunned and saddened to learn that he was going blind. Those were the days before ubiquitous audio books or computers that read text aloud, and I wondered how a scholar of poetry, who had just finished his dissertation on Marianne Moore, was going to negotiate the rest of his academic career. Being a poetry girl myself I thought often that summer of Milton’s sonnet on his blindness, which begins on a note of indignation:
My review will follow soon, honestly. I’m still only in the N’s. So far I can say: although there is plenty of good stuff in the book, it is so sloppily put together and so patchy in quality that I cannot in all conscience recommend a purchase unless you have money to burn.
This evening brought a photo shoot that contained 4 Littles (eeesh) and super cool moms that really got into it and came fully loaded with snacks, balls, bubbles, and toys which kept those Littles happy (YAY!).
Call it fate or just serendipity but one of the pilots on board that day was Captain Robert Pearson, also an expert glider pilot. He enjoyed this hobby on his days off. Still even with that skill there was no hope of keeping the plane in the air all the way to Winnipeg. Fortunately the other pilot, the co-pilot First Officer Maurice Quintal had been a pilot in the Air Force and knew of an abandoned base near their flight path -- in Gimli, Manitoba -- where he had once served.
My next project...this sweet little chandelier. It is one of my favorite things in my house. My mom got it for me at Lowe's; she has such a good eye. Originally the flowers were rust red, I simply took the flowers off and spray painted them a light pink color called
"Wipe Out" Ventures?
Hey, did you hear?!!!
The images are from Stampin Up. The slider tag was cut with my CB and the ep is Black Opal from Judikins.
This month has flown by, it's hard to believe that a few days from now we will turn the page on the calendar and say hello to April.
Enough ranting about copyright and shilling for attendance at intellectual events – let’s look at pictures. My Indiana connection sent me an e-mail suggesting I look up a small gallery in Evanston. He couldn’t remember the name but he knew one of the exhibiting photographers. I contacted the photographer through LinkedIn (what a marvelously connected world) and he sent me information to share with you.
Tuesday. Mostly sunny. Highs in the upper 90s. South winds 5 to 10 mph.
This is an old story. Klara falls asleep and the toys come to life and it could have been done in the very traditional sense but the artistic director put a new spin on the show. It had a very Canadian content and the set backdrops were actually Group of Seven paintings. Toy soldiers were Mounties and the animals were beavers and other distinctly Canadian creatures like loons. It was a wonderful variation and I enjoyed it likely more than the traditional performance.
And lets talk characters shall we? I have loved Ethan Days previous creations but the characters he has brought to this story are remarkable and have so much depth to them as to be unforgettable. Zachary is a complicated young man, beautiful, gifted, and still so full of joie de vivre through all his pain. But he doesn’t fully come to life until he falls onto the sand and into 1958. Free from the mechanisms of his family, he starts to blossom and the love affair between Zachary and the reader snaps to life as well. Marc Castle too is rendered here in gorgeous Technicolor from his golden tan to white movie star smile. We come to love him dearly the more we get to know him. And don’t get me started on Jonathon Reed, Max, Maddie, and Leo. The author keeps adding characters so real, so damn lovable that I wanted to hold onto them for dear life and not let them go. I am going to beg here, Ethan Day. Please consider giving us Jonathon and Max’s story. Pretty please? With fuzzy swinging dice on top?
Throwing my sisters a luxurious dinner party could not have come at a better time. My middle sister, Kate, just moved into a new place and my youngest sister, Autumn, just turned 18. I wanted to throw them a dinner to celebrate their new chapters and celebrate being together. Since I live several hours north, we do not have opportunities to spend time together like we used to. Although my ingredients may not evoke feelings of luxury, the time spent with my sisters was priceless. The ability to sit down as adults together and share a home cooked meal and catch up about the events in our lives is what defines luxury for me.
He leads me in the paths of righteousness
Thankfully it wasn't long until
“The invisible Money Power is working to control and enslave mankind. It financed Communism, Fascism, Marxism, Zionism, Socialism. All of these are directed to making the United States a member of a World Government.” – American Mercury Magazine, December 1957, p. 92
Some may argue that we are not talking about the same thing here. Wedges are just... wedges. Religion changes your life. It brings joy and hope. People dedicate their whole lives to religion. But I believe wedges CAN change your life. They are heavenly. They bring me joy. Have you ever had a wedge-gasm? Didn't think so. And do you know what? Wedges are real. I can see and touch (and EAT!) wedges. They aren't invisible, they don't live in the clouds.
And I wonder too if this isn't really the perfect season to be 'real'. Because here we are smack dab in the middle of Lent. This season that begins with Ash Wednesday where believers everywhere remember this- "from dust you came and to dust you will return" (Gen 3:19). And I really feel like God is graciously allowing me to see even more just how messy and broken I am.
All the lies,
Examples of recipes include, Brownie pie, Pina colada pie, Mac ‘n cheese pie, Cheddar ‘n Broccoli, Cheeseburger pie and Sausage breakfast pie. Any of your favourite meals are listed in this book as a pie. They are absolutely delicious and they are perfect for a family meal or for hosting guests.
Okay, perhaps the title of this post is a little deceptive. Some of you may be thinking this is another post about Loxo the Elephant, but you would be mistaken. (Although, if you haven’t kept up with the developing Loxo, I highly recommend you pay him a visit at home or on Facebook!) The title more correctly refers to Sea Lions, Elephant Seals and Sea Otters, but that seemed too wordy and descriptive. This post actually builds upon last week’s trip to the Pacific coast of California (see Long John Silver Slept Here, for the first installment), featuring some of the landscapes and wildlife encountered between Morro Bay and the Monterey Bay. We wound our way up the Pacific Coast Highway (US Highway 1) on a splendid day, filled with sunshine and mist from the ocean. For those of you who have never traveled this route, let it suffice to say that this is not a place to be if you are in a hurry. On the other-hand, if sight-seeing and enjoying the splendor of God’s Creation appeals to you, put this destination on your to-do list!
Team I should go back and review: Braves. I've always loved the Stanton card, but there are a lot of players signing autographs in this set.
“All defendants were later arrested after Mangione began showing one of Ms. Deblieux’s fingers to friends.
There's a whisper of revolution. Then it'll be a murmur. Then it'll talk. Then it'll shout.
In my humble opinion, this idiot is very subtly inciting violence against BNP members, hence his last paragraph. Also, he obviously hasn't read our manifesto, otherwise he'd understand we are fundamentally a democratic party.
Oh! And Amelia lost another tooth last night. 2 Tooth Fairy visits in less than a week. Of course, I wasn't prepared! Thankfully Chris was home and he hooked her up with $2.00.
But God’s changing things
MH: Giant Thief is told in the first person from the titular thief Easie Damasco. Was there ever a time when the story was told third person?
So do Jafar, Stromboli, the Queen's Hunstman, Merlin, King Triton, Jack Sparrow, Captain Hector Barbossa and others.
It would cover the full range of topics in CSR/sustainability: History of CR/Sustainability, stakeholder engagement, climate change, human rights, investment, etc, with one topic being tackled per week and lots of time for discussion.
B: "Grandma"
It would have been annoying, but the whisperer was doing it so well: very sotto voce—that the sound of her voice was a relief in the more tense and unnerving moments in the flick, a sort of a distancing element.
みなさま、良い週末をお過ごし下さい。
The soap after having been scooped into the mold. It will remain there overnight, and in the morning I will cut it into bars and set them on the drying/curing racks. There they will be turned 90 degrees every day for a few weeks.
Other moms ARE the experts!
But the odds have it he may just be the next guy that curls up in the fetal position in the locker room while his agent calmly tells the press, “he’s just not used to the pressures that having 50 million dollars comes with”. So try to keep it in perspective, and save your money for a brand new jersey until after the new guy actually steps into a pro football stadium, at the very least.
Come!
He zoomed off. A minute later, he zoomed back, riding rings around me.
On a good day, Patal Pani Waterfalls is a sight to behold. But last Sunday, it was a sight that gave everyone that sheer hopelessness of seeing their loved ones trapped in the raging waters and the fright of seeing them fall to their possible deaths.
Levitz then goes on: ‘The United States of America – you can do anything you want – go for it. So then you go for it and then you make it and everybody’s like f*** you. What the f*** is that? You just said go for it!
The inscription said:
Unperturbed Coal sat on the ground to think, for he had all the time in the world now he was here. He shifted to the side of the corridor and felt the bricks there up until they met up with the wall door feeling for any crack or crevice, finding none he did the same on the other side. The feeling of disappointment and anguish at what he might have to face if he couldn’t find a way through shot into his belly. Then his finger caught on the lip of a brick sticking out from the door wall, he spent the next two hours prying it from its place. His fingers aching and numb with cold the final tug sent a split of light through the darkness. Coal quickly lay down on his front and put his eye to the crevice.
I know I should really have made all those links but it would take forever!
Meanwhile, Dumpling is stalking my feet and Hector is staring down at me, keeping an eye on me!
But while Recep Erdogan is tightening his grip on the once secular State now heading for Islamist correctness, certain aspects of the Great One’s religious zeal have backfired. He won a third term last June by creating an unprecedented boom. Based on Sharia interest rules, the scam demands that interest rates should never be higher than inflation. It’s dangerous mumbo-jumbo rather than economics, but nevertheless it makes people feel generally well-off and ready to vote for him….until it starts to unravel.
I got down and dirty with the inks this week. It was great fun.
"Are nonprofits people, too? Citizens United and the Social Sector."
This is the conversation we had on Skype last night … well early hours this morning. He’s working away for 2 weeks you see and then he’s back and I can stop lying in bed with my hair did, lip gloss on; trying to look cute on camera haha!
And finally, if you’re an experienced blogger and you want to become a sponsor blog, sign up! As a sponsor blog, you’ll be asked to write three blog posts this month for the NBI and to encourage new bloggers as they join our ranks.
Bloggers taking pictures. That’s what we do.
I intend to investigate further and hopefully get photos.
After standing for nearly three hours when it came to leave I am gonna be honest and say I could not walk probably. I had to walk with my toes curled in when heading back to my car, and I can say I will certainly not forget the day, not for a very longtime, and the same goes for everyone else.
Wildwood is set in Transylvania (there’s a useful glossary and pronunciation guide at the front for all the Transylvanian names and words). The girls live with their father in a castle called Piscul Dracului of dark, pointy spires and twisty passageways and tiny balconies, on the very edge of an immense forest which always makes me think of Robert Frost’s lines “The woods are lovely, dark and deep”. Marillier’s descriptions are exquisite. She conjures up magical images of the Dancing Glade, where the girls go each Full Moon to dance with the fey, of the fey themselves, of the forest, and even of the girls’ daily life. I found it so easy to picture it all.
Well, it doesn't exist - at least not yet, according to Andrew Knight, who runs Knight and Associates: "the first and best in storyline patents."
Our heroine Gin Blanco has now retired from her lucrative career as The Spider, and has now settled down working at her restaurant The Pork Pitt she inherited from her mentor Fletcher. She still does favors on the side and when the opportunity to help an old friend of her adoptive father, Gin momentarily steps out of retirement. There a lot of things to love in this second installment. I enjoyed the development of the world where some people have the ability to manipulate and control elements such as ice, fire, air, stone or a sub-category of these elements. Gin’s special since she wields both ice and stone. Her ice magic is useful to create knives or lock picks, and handy in her restaurant to cool drinks. Her stone magic is useful as well since it can make her as hard as marble.
Our sponsor for January is.....
I have a gripe about workplace behavior, too. But I don’t think I should have to take my own advice. It drives me nuts when people don’t follow through. In my preferred reality all set expectations would be met and in the portion of my reality that I’m in control of – my behavior – I live my preferred reality. In the rest of it – the portion of my reality that involves the behavior of others – I have no control, and I can’t stand it. Neither can your employer.
‘Shotgun Wedding in the Ribcage of the Bourgeoisie’ (9), ‘Ronald Regan Brought Me to this Country – Me and the Anti-Abortion Movement’ (29), ‘I Write Like a Girl, You Read like You’re in the Closet’ (68).
Forget it. If you’re so minded you can turn anything into failure. Most books don't sell very many copies. There are only so many prizes to go around. So, your friends expect you to do as well as JK Rowling and will pity you if you don't become a multi-millionaire? So what! They are completely ignorant about publishing. Much better to celebrate any little success for what it is - a success! Fantastic!
This technique is one of my staples, they are simple, yet elegant and can be made in many color combinations. I love to use them for bracelets and simple necklaces. They also look nice when etched to a matte finish but I don't like the feel of matte beads in the jewelry I wear and I thought I might not be the only one... but in case you prefer the etched look, I can etch them for no additional charge.
About Vueling
But this was not only restricted to France. All across the world people protested against imperialism, inequality and consumerism, trends which seemed to spread from the West across the so-called Iron Curtain and other un-alligned states. From 1960 to 1980 the world, especially the West, was dominated by social unrest which stemmed primarily from these grievances. But now that movement seems to have faded. People seem contented with their latest gadgets, their gourmet foods, alcohol and designer clothes. Neoliberalism and the free market, fused to a varying degree with leftist tainted ideals to appease and quieten the masses, seem to have taken the fore. The resistance looks dead or castrated compared to the days of our parents and their parents, and I occasionally look back upon the world in that time, and ask myself if I was indeed born in the right decade.
+++ note to self: good things and amazing people come when you least expect them. hang tough.
When will I get this concept? I know where my island of protection lays. When will I stop stepping over the cracks in my life; like some sort of superstitious prattle? Really, it’s so easy! I need to turn everything in my life including safety, security and my false sense of doing more to get more.
The pitcher with a career ERA closest to Pi is … Mike Marshall.*
Website Listing
Wednesday Update: Comments are back at the new url and the posts are all migrated across. That's a start.
On a fat cigar without a care
Besides, this is what it’s all been about.
I will be back here when I can, weekend greetings to all reading this!
You’ll learn all about creating the perfect registry as well as using these products to entertain family and friends in your new home.
High-volume roof-vent fan. Our Fantastic Fan is usually all we need to keep the interior of our RV comfortable.
My Take – This is from MSNBC so you know it clearly is against such actions, but this is a good start that hopefully will spread to the rest of the states.
But, believe it or not, this blog has become just as important to me as my school work. It’s not just some random little hobby I’ve decided to take up; it’s more like a secret life for me, which I find very thrilling and relaxing at the same time. It’s something that I don’t have to share with anyone in particular, like my friends or family, but it’s just for me…and of course, the people who choose to follow my blog and view whatever I post, that is. It’s almost like an online diary, except I am allowing complete strangers to take a peek into my personal life, thoughts and experiences. Oddly enough, however, I don’t feel like my fellow bloggers are strangers at all. At least not in the regard that we all share a very significant commonality in the sense that we are all here for the same reason: to express our thoughts, ideas, opinions and feelings, but also to allow others to do the same.
At the root of 99% of all the great inventions from which the world now benefits you will find a person of European blood. We conquered the sea, the sky, outer space and the very airways.
Do you realize you are expected to actually do something every single day that has nothing to do with adoration? That it really isn’t about you?
Dept of Integrative Biology & Statistics, UC Berkeley
I had reached my 6th grade limit for the week. Sorry guys.
The ECHO also revealed how Mr Whitby is due to go before the Welsh equivalent of the Standards Board for England over a complaint he brought the local parish council he sits on into disrepute by being jailed for two weeks last year for contempt of court.
that our human ears will ever hear,
Study results were similar when subjects were shown information and queried about other matters that acknowledge “scientific consensus.” Subjects were much more likely to see a scientist with elite credentials as an “expert” when he or she took a position that matched the subjects’ own cultural values on risks of nuclear waste disposal and laws permitting citizens to carry concealed guns in public.
This is only a few of the events happening this weekend. Plus the weather is perfect to hit up the pools, we hope to see you there.
sunday we went to an early service at veronica's church. then went to lunch at a hot dog place, where i had a hamburger, because i'm just a picky eater and knew i'd like the burger. sunday was the nicest day of all, it was beautiful and sunny and they were gracious enough to take me to the beach so i could get a few pictures. the ocean is so beautiful. it's one of my favorite parts of california...that and the palm tress. rank near the top.
Meanwhile, as they say – the case continues.
Cuba has reported so far this year an infant mortality rate of 4.3 percent per 1,000 live births, lower than the 4.9 percent registered in 2011, when it reached the lowest level in the region, sources from the sector said on Monday.
It is meaningful to put young learners in situations where cooperating is key! In the ball pass, we passed a cup-full of balls around the circle from one friend to the next. This is working on hand-eye coordination, as well as cooperation and concentration!
Put some vegetable oil into a hot wok. Saute chilli paste, belachan and shallots until fragrant. Add in oyster sauce and salt to taste. Put in the okra and scallops. Stir fry until they are cooked. Take out the Sambal Okra with Fresh Scallops and put it in a serving dish. Garnish with deep fried dried prawns (heh bee) before serving.
seemed closer to the conventionally feminine than the likes of
Meg Ryan plays three roles, probably because she was coming off the immense success of When Harry Met Sally, and it would not have been wise for her to play only one of those roles because she just wouldn’t have been on screen enough. She plays a distracted secretary and twin sisters with two very distinct personalities. One is a wholesome blonde and the other an assertive, pushy redhead, both the daughters of a wealthy businessman who has a lot of interest involved in why Joe agrees to leap into the volcano. Since Joe now has nothing much to live for, he’s inspired to actually live, have fun, take risks, and just plain “go for it” because there’s nothing to lose.
We were just in our RS room so we didn't go too crazy with decorations.
5) Castle Valley, UT Mule Deer
* "Heartache in Alicante - Find out what OHIM refuses", here. Guest Kat Darren muses over the grounds upon which the Office for Harmonisation in the Internal Market refuses Community design registrations. * "Freedom, security and justice -- or skiing with AdWords", here -- an early note on the Court of Justice of the European Union ruling in Case C‑523/10 Wintersteiger AG v Products 4U Sondermaschinenbau GmbH on that messy question of which country to pick when suing for internet-related trade mark infringement. * "The price of silence and the myth of the Batt Cage", here. So there never was a real settlement of a copyright dispute in which rights were claimed in 4 minutes and 33 seconds of silence ... * "Bonny result for Bonnier as IP discovery trumps data retention rules", here. Another Court of Justice of the European Union ruling, this time in Case C‑461/10 Bonnier Audio AB, in which it seems that IP enforcement overrides the niceties of data retention rules. * "Jumping up and down as Roadshow hits the buffers", here. The IPKat's rapid response to the Australian ruling in Roadshow v iiNet on ISP liability for authorising copyright infringement.
So why was I willing to get on the scale at the hospital but not in my own home? The hospital is a public place where I would have to be accountable for my response to the results, whereas here at home I could respond by pigging out due to my depression and never have to let anyone know about it. At the hospital I would have more time to process the results and form a calculated response versus a hasty relapse into my comfort food.
That's literally my entire daily skincare routine! Not very exciting but it honestly does work, along of course with always taking my make up off! I also occasionally use St Ives Blemish Fighting Apricot Scrub to exfoliate which is a pretty good product I've used for several years now, but I have to say I'm not a fan of the St Ives Blemish Fighting Apricot Cream Wash! If anything it made my skin worse; not good. I would like to try the Good Things Deep Clean Blackhead exfoliator though, to see if that's any good.
I always say what I’m thinking.
Nothing can beat, when you find routes more beautiful than your imagination.
Derek
Harry Bosch, Connelly’s Bosch would be up there. Going back farther than that, I would say Chandler’s Philip Marlowe was probably the ultimate favourite. It’s interesting, I don’t know LA very well at all, but I’m definitely a fan of those LA-based characters.
“If anyone would come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross daily and FOLLOW me.” Luke 9:23 (ESV)
E: How did you come up with Gaoler’s Daughter for the band’s name and why?
To an elderly friend who recently lost a husband…
— Encourage the public to voice grievances against the news media.
My Lovely Lotuses have created nothing less than gorgeous cards for you today. As usual.
The internet can tell a great deal about an establishment. Find out what is available online and visit many websites to get a feel for what you are looking for. Email the particular hotels of interest... ask questions, ask rates, ask anything that you need to know... Always remember you are the client and if they want your business they should welcome your queries with open arms... and respond accordingly...
The trail from Cassis first leads past the Calanque de Port Miou, a natural harbor for sailboats of all sorts. Past the inlet a compelling view opens up across the bay back toward Cap Canaille. The towering cliffs of Cap Canaille are some of the highest in Europe and there is an outstanding ridge walk along the top.
When I was little, Grandpa Beek was the only solid male figure in my life. He was an Army medic and served in Korea and Vietnam, earning a Bronze Star along the way. He was big, blustery, profane and I adored him.
So here you have it:
It’s selfish.
thanks for stopping by tonight. Have an awesome day tomorrow!
Then at 3:00 a.m. I woke up and thought, "What if I combined the two?"
Pleasant Valley Sunday - The Monkees
I think a lot of you out there might appreciate this. I absolutely love the picture of the humming bird fuxing with the cannabis flower.
America's Totalitarian Democracy and Its Brutal Enforcers
Chance McGregor is known as one of the toughest werewolves around. As the Dominion Creek Pack Guardian it’s his job to protect the pack and its laws. Even if that requires him to find his true mate or mate with someone of the council’s choosing. With the Mating Ceremony fast approaching – and Chance a very unwilling participant – he has more on his mind than pack safety. It’s enough to make even the baddest werewolf whine like a puppy.
Not one sane, world-savvy person would think otherwise. Right? absolutely right.
Halcon Corporation is currently offering two full-time, paid internships available immediately through the end of the summer. Internship may be completed on a part-time basis during spring semester.
I do not know
The children cried and/or got upset. One left the house to avoid listening to the fight. Another asked if we were getting divorced. It rocked their foundation.
The public have had to swallow so many of the government’s half-baked ideas, they’re starting to realise this coalition has got its fingers in so many pies that once their fat cat friends have finished gobbling everything up, all that’s going to be left for the rest of us are just a few crumbs.
CreditCards.com (blog)
Ken Isaacs, vice president of Programs for Samaritan’s Purse, then shared how he called Franklin Graham right after the earthquake. They each felt God was burdening their hearts and agreed the Lord was calling them to Japan.
The humorous Wellington boot incident happened on 10th November; it is now 20th December. I have had problems ever since.
Does Forest City Ratner still plan to build a parking garage--a tough-to-defend terrorist target--under the proposed Brooklyn Arena, the keystone of the Atlantic Yards plan? If not, where would arena parking go? And will the state Empire State Development Corporation (ESDC) consider security and terrorism issues when it produces a Draft Environmental Impact Statement (DEIS) for Atlantic Yards?
As I reflect on these moments, I thought some are just too humourous not to share. So here it is... pregnancy through the eyes of a three-year-old.
The Social Security number he uses now originated in Connecticut where he is never reported to have lived.
As you saw in our "Glam for a Day" post, she wasn't the only generous soul who came forward bearing gifts, we were blessed with lot's of LOVE and service from many of you...
*This dough can also be made in a stand mixer or by hand. Keep in mind, the idea is to avoid warming the dough, so a food processor or mixer is optimal.
No 1 - Mariscos Jalisco (they came in 2nd last year) The crispy shrimp taco with sliced avocado and cabbage salsa is HEAVEN. It hits the spot and so does the generous and fabulous owner, Raul. As a bonus, they have some of the best agua chile you've ever had as well.
I struggled a bit with this one; I don't usually do pink; thought of making a Christmas card then I changed my mind for a sweet girly one. It didn't turn out as I wanted; I kept having the feeling more colours had to be added, lol, you know me, I love colourful, but well, it's a challenge and I did my best.
I was also very touched by all the lovely comments left after I wrote my last post, so a very big THANK YOU to you all!
As Mr. Gingrich has very little money and very little organization, compared to Mr. Romney, he rather desperately needs a surrogate for what organization and money get a candidate: credibility and momentum. Attacking activist judges plays well with the base, but is insufficiently attention-getting by itself. So Mr. Gingrich couples it with a grand re-shuffling of the constitutional balance of powers, as befits the bigness (and the bluster) of his ideas.
Showkat Shafi, a freelance photojournalist employed by Al-Jazeera who helped produce an Al-Jazeera special report available online, “Kashmir: the forgotten Conflict”, was beaten by police officers and taken to the Nowhatta police station.
Now success with attraction marketing may not happen overnight. Anything that brings great knowledge and wealth takes time, and you must obviously learn a new skill set and apply those skills to your business before any positive results will happen.
So far this year, McDonalds and Wendy’s said they asked their pork suppliers to outline plans for the elimination of gestation crates, but didn’t set a timetable. Also, Smithfield Farms and Hormel committed to ending the use of crates by 2017.
Facts About Oil.” Oil Facts. N.p., n.d. Web. 4 Feb. 1991.
him: “Are you planning to plant the muscadines?”
The boys will travel to Midview Thursday to take on the Middies for a WSC battle and will compete in the Lorain County Coaches Tournament this Friday and Saturday in Avon Lake.
The boy had a .22 calibre pump rifle. I had for some unknown reason, I can’t remember why, a mattress.
The video report below is of a whistle blower & tax preparer who is revealing just how many Billions of our dollars are being sent to illegal aliens for nieces and nephews they are claiming as dependents in order to receive thousands of tax dollars refunded under the Child Tax Credit.
“The complete record of sabotage carried out by Chernov, supposedly of the German Intelligence service in Russia during 1930 to 1936 is too long to put into the book according to the authors, but includes - killing off pedigree breed-stock and raising cattle mortality by artificially infecting cattle with various kinds of bacteria – effecting a shortage of serum to counteract epidemics of anthrax so that, in one instance, 25,000 horses perished as a result of Chernov’s sabotage – infecting tens of thousands of pigs with erysipelas and with certain plagues by having virulent bacteria placed in medicinal sera.
Secondly, the Not For Sale Academy World Tour will be in London, Ontario on March 25th. This event includes a main workshop and three training sessions highlighting Free2work, Social Enterprises, and Faith Based Activism. Information on attending is on the Hope For The Sold website: Cost is $20/person in advance or $25/person at the door. For tickets contact Jennelle or Ziggy Duerksen at 905-685-4062 or duerksensigried@aol.com. Half an hour will be allotted for BYO supper. The rating for this event is G – suitable for all.
Y'all have a sunny type day and remember: If idiots grew on trees, Congress would be a forest.
The Southern Pacific Railroad attempted to stop the flooding by dumping earth into the canal's head gates area, but the effort was not fast enough, and as the river eroded deeper and deeper into the dry desert sand of the Imperial Valley the basin filled and it resulted in the formation of the Salton Sea.
﻿That premature birth is the number 1 killer of newborns?
**Spoilers** We see this immediately in the movie as Sam Curtis makes his first delivery (a cat named Monkeypus) to a bar on the asteroid Ceres. On his way to the bathroom, Sam is ‘musically’ attacked by a pair of dancers clad in overalls (one of my favorite scenes!).
"As part of the transport strategy, an Olympic Transport Operations Centre (OTOC) will be established to manage all modes of transport for the Games Family, spectators, workforce, and for all those travelling for reasons unconnected with the Games. This will help Transport for London, other transport operators, the police, local authorities and those running the Games to keep London and the UK moving."
I couldn't believe the number of people who commented saying they had the same problem. Then I remembered a tv show I'd seen years ago on the same topic. The host asked people if they were aware of the type of look that was on their face when they were resting and not thinking about anything in particular.
It hadn't just been a completely personal thing after all..........
Ann Marie
Find yourself a comfortable running outfit that won't ride up or rub in certain areas. When you start running long distances you'll notice right away when the tag of your pants or shorts is suddenly irritating the heck out of your skin. You also don't want to be self conscious or tugging at your clothes the entire time you are exercising.
it came up about me wanting barn door track and rollers.
Details of the registered charge are set out in Part 1 of the subsidiary register. The description in Part 1 will include the identity of the lands affected and a note referring to the borrower’s folio. The official notes column will contain the Instrument under which the charge was originally registered on the borrower’s folio. A note is entered at the relevant charge in Part 3 of the borrower’s folio that ownership of the charge has been transferred to the subsidiary register.
And here is the real problem with the magic bullet myth. Every time you fire one of those puppies off, every time you change your vision or declare that __________ is the answer you’ve been waiting for, the thing that will finally make all your dreams come true you raise expectations. You get your followers excited. You elevate their hopes. Then when the magic bullet doesn’t deliver they are left deflated and disappointed. It is the the Boy Who Cried Wolf effect played out, the inverse of Chicken Little. Instead of yelling that the sky is falling, your yelling that it has stopped. The end result is the same.
- Have a picnic dinner in the garden or on the living room floor
Animals have movable joints, textured feet, and teethable ears
Well… this post was just to lay out what was in my head… i don’t know if it helped… and my “double-u” key isn’t working well and it’s very frustrating.
Live in the moment.
He served as as a lieutenant Colonel in the British Army and became a national hero in July 1967 when he led the his regiment the Argyle and Sutherland Highlanders in the re-occupation of the Crater district of British colony Aden. On 5 July 1967, Lieutenant-colonel Colin Mitchell, was CO of the 1st Battalion in Aden and led his men the reoccupation with 15 regimental bagpipers playing “Scotland the Brave” and their regimental charge "Monymusk".
I whip my cigarette from out of my mouth and give the little old lady a big grin - “Now with those kinds of compliments, you do know that you don’t stand a chance with me don’t you?!”
In dance classes we sometimes get told what to do with our souls, whatever that means and whatever those are: a daft and impertinent instruction, in my view, but not necessarily useless, if you like that sort of thing.
In a bowl I beat 4 eggs and added 1 large can of evaporated milk. I added a tablespoon of cooking sherry and about 1/4 teaspoon of hot sauce. Next I grated 1/2 cup cheddar cheese and mixed it in.
As mentioned earlier this week, Michael had to go on a last-minute business trip to Hawaii. For a week. Before he left, he asked if I wanted any souvenirs and I answered with my all-time favorite answer: "Yarn."
Brands evolve, managers change, stuff happens, but brand-building discipline should endure. Most of it is just common sense with a marketing twist. Why risk what you’re investing so much in talent, time and money to create?
It definitely smoothed out my skin and felt really silky. It also kept the shine at bay for most of the day but I did need to reapply for a bit of coverage on the T-zone half way through the day.
When I was with Allesandro, I was never taken care of and he had a way of kicking me down with his words. This dinner and movie bit was great because I got answers and in a way I realized I am over him when deep down I always wondered. The attraction is definitely still there on both ends, but there’s the “been there done that” phenomenon that sweeps in to chaperone the evening to leave you realizing that the closeness you feel is only that of familiarity.
I like it when the pendulum of my life swings in a low, slow, methodical arc. We don't win the Lottery, but nobody falls off a donkey on the way down the Grand Canyon. Literary Agents don't knock each other over to sign me for representation, but nobody's says, "Quit now. Take up golf. Or croquet."
Also going to be painting our cherry cabinets a beautiful dark khaki color - it's going to be so pretty!
I write everything I want to say very quickly and I post my blog. I hardly ever edit it. Once I've said what I want to say I don't want to re-read it and fix things. Thus, my many, many spelling mistakes.
The company was looking at licensing an international brand or bringing it to India on a royalty basis. Its new product will have denim wear, T-shirts and caps targeted at youth.
One day, during this trolling for boys phase, I had an epiphany. My very close friend, Rayanne, had just broken up with her boyfriend and she was a mess. I wanted to raise her spirits, so I suggested she go on a date. Between sobs she indicated that she wasn’t ready, so I said, “What if I go with you?” And in a moment a plan was born.
And I'm not ready to do that. In fact, just writing about it makes me feel tired. So hats off to all you indomitable spirits tackling that monumental challenge.
I am so happy that things are moving nicely and finally i am getting a bit organised too..
But like I said, anarchy, gay rights, and religious dogma are not topics you have at frat parties or work functions. Unless you want spilt beer or alienation.
However, the film as whole held my attention, and also it seemed the other 8 people in the cinema as we all sat at the end and didn't move til we got to the 'gaffer' credits.
The next week, last Sunday, she asked us if she could take her first communion again. I still hesitated, unsure if she wanted to for the right reasons or just because she would eat every minute of the day if we let her. So I asked her why. Her response: “Because I want to praise Jesus, too!”
Wow....you can't beat that!
After we checked into our hotel, Chef Daddy was ready to find a fish fry somewhere since it was a Friday during Lent. However, Carson had injured himself playing kickball at the Y during the day and was in considerable pain. Also, Kamree was tired and extremely whiny! Therefore, we knew going out to eat was simply out of the question. Instead, Chef Daddy and Carson ventured out for a cheese pizza for dinner. When they returned to our room, Chef Daddy announced that he bought Ibuprofen for Carson's pain and a 12 pack of beer for his pain! True story!
Sometimes in our journey, reality checks come. You start to see that everything isn't a bed of roses. Finances haven't turned out how you expected, you walk through miscarriages, a child's rebellion shatters your world, an abuse from the outside world brings you to your knees and God isn't finished with your children, as you watch them struggle.
“Why don’t you take a message back to Ischandar’s father and tell him you know down which sewer and into which doorway his son has lost himself. He’s sure to hire strong fighting men and rescue the boy from whatever trouble he’s gotten himself into. I will explain how to open the secret door to you, and the trick is simple once you know it. Just don’t do it the wrong way, that’s all I can say.”
So today I try again.
Slow Cooker Pork and Apples
Light golden brown in colour, reasonable white bubbly head that reduced to a ring. Aroma - well here was my first surprise - really hoppy, rich orange, really nice.
“Oh, Joanna, you’re fully dilated!” she said. "It's go time!"
In the end I plumped for a pair of Nike Dual Fusion st2 which weren't too aggressive towards my wallet and a nice combination of shoes that will adequately protect my feet at the gym whilst doubling as some nice trainers to kick about in during the day (after an airing out, of course.)
So, embrace your body. You don’t have to walk around letting it all hang out, but definitely flaunt your confidence. If you like to wear makeup, do it! Just know that the makeup only enhances your already beautiful self. If you want to acheive a healthier body, go for it. Just don’t let comparisons to fantastical images and expectations dictate what healthy means to you. And please, please don’t put any other body under the same type of scrutiny in an attempt to lift yourself up, because you’re only tearing them down in the process.
So I went a little target happy. What can I say? I love that store. I'm really happy with how the outfit came together and I'm sooo excited for the wedding. Oh, and I took Jessica and Steph's advice and purchased a little something for under the dress. Sexy lingerie? Hell no. Neill wishes. Bike shorts! Now I won't have to worry about my legs sticking together and I can really enjoy myself. Plus, being able to lift my dress up and "flash" people is always a bonus.
Commenting on the results, Jerry C. Atkin, Chairman and CEO said “We are very pleased with the improvement in our financial results, quarter over quarter, as well as how we performed compared to our first quarter operating plan for 2012.” He continued, “We executed well on our action plan items and also experienced a higher completion factor of our scheduled flights and on-time arrivals due to better weather in the quarter compared to the same period last year. We remain committed to our return to profitability program for 2012.”
well at least I feel naughty. I just have to say that I have not been around here because I haven't felt like it. Not that I don't love those of you who pop by to visit me and I wasn't even here to say hello when you did. I feel like I have been on a journey....
Casey led John into the kitchen and made him sit down on one of the bar stools. He continued to stare at her, wordlessly, his body feeling like soap bubbles, about to be burst.
Are you all refreshed and ready to get
Frozen ripe banana
Two things you might take away from this: First, there’s consolation in finding someone who has done it before, whatever “it” is you’re trying to do. Knowing that it’s possible and studying how it was done can’t help but increase the chances you’ll stick it out.
Ms Kimber said during a TV interview that her son’s buttocks were covered in black bruises after the incident. In stark contrast, none of the Reitzhuis “victims” even thought of complaining, simply because
In the end, both Mr. Frazier and Mr. Hudson are my top two choices for the primary because as the Bee has also seen, both are in the best position to actually help the District where they deserve to duke it out in November.
But the most impressive milonga was definitely the one on Sunday, in the Muziekgebouw, a modern glass building opening on the Amsterdam harbour, with a wooden terrace outside. As there were all-glass walls you could dance and watch the sun set over the harbour – beautiful. Besides it was really warm, so the doors were left wide open and people circulated freely between the dancefloor, the café next to it, and the terrace outside.
Place: Mainway Arena Auditorium, Burlington
2. And when death is at hand, oh then what abundance of tenderness, and seriousness, and skill, and diligence, is needful for one, that hath the last office of love to perform, to the departing soul of so near a friend! Oh then what need will there be of your most wise, and faithful, and diligent help!….They that are utterly unprepared and unfit to die themselves, can do little to prepare or help another. But they that live together as the heirs of heaven, and converse on earth as fellow travellers to the land of promise, may help and encourage the souls of one another, and joyfully part at death, as expecting quickly to meet again in life eternal.
Snow melts down at about a 10 to 1 ratio, meaning 10 inches of snow equals about one inch of water. One thing’s for sure: we’ll have water in abundance to get us ready for the growing season.
Ah yes, and the fellow you almost see on the cover is Mark Malek, a good friend of mind who I've played in bands with over the years and made a few entertaining Glaze of Cathexis remixes that I'll need to post eventually. We were in downtown Atlanta on our way to Mai Tai night at Trader Vic's when that was taken.
Société immobilière de la rue Moderne
1 pressure
The banker batted stubbornly back: ‘Are you against paying people the going rate for what they do?’
It was getting warm inside. I had forgotten to set the damper, the stove was roaring like a blast furnace. I unzipped my ski jacket.
The tour will run May 11- 18
Trickle down economics, I think that is just another way of saying "We're already quite rich and we'd like to keep it."
It’s a tough call. But then I can also be rather shy when it comes to famous people, I tend to just want to leave them alone and admire from afar, so it’s not something I’d be inclined to do normally. If I had to pick, I guess it would be Martin Scorsese, Akira Kurosawa, and Lauren Bacall.
Mix everything above in a medium bowl until thoroughly incorporated. Let chill in the refrigerator for half an hour. Once chilled, roll into balls and enjoy! Store in an airtight container and keep refrigerated for up to 1 week.
Birthday here.
… In case you are wondering, in 2010 a total of 32 of the 120 Division I-A teams averaged less in home attendance than Appalachian State. In fact, 23 Division I-A schools averaged less than 20,000 in attendance last season.
I wouldn't use my blog to raise money, normally, but the people who read it are just uniformly nice. I thought you'd like an opportunity to help. Thanks guys!
The Research Department called in sick today so we will be going to the BBF bench for today’s lovely.
So, Mark knew Heather certainly wasn't dead. He also knew she wasn't in the house anymore. Rislings had already gagged her and carried her off long ago, they just dressed up one of their people for a chuckle. One thing didn't make sense though: Rislings always went after the biggest group of terrified people possible, so what did they want with a botanist? Especially one from a planet that had never recovered from being technologically behind any planet within 3000 light-years? There were only a handful of people on earth who would even know she was gone.
Yield 4 servings.
We ate dinner at my parent's house AND Dave's parents house Sunday afternoon. We were stuffed. I have lots of leftovers, so no cooking for this girl for while.
There are so many aspects of this picture to be inspired by! The colors, the plants, the tablecloth, the items on the table... I didn't know where to begin! One thing I did know was I wanted to use the pink/blue/green color combo - I had the perfect paper to use.
Your sure reel glad two no.
Hi all! hope you had a nice Easter... I spent the weekend more or less with Michael Porter, what a dream. If you don't know who that is I envy your life. About 3 more weeks to hand-in.
Speedy Panini shares today lunch is served at 3130 Zanker Rd. in Santa Clara. Special grilled chicken salad over banquet mix green..
1/4 c. frozen (or fresh) blueberries
So, I recognize that a number of you, especially Dusty if he is reading this, are questioning my manhood. While that's not something that I'm really concerned about, I would like to present my logic in deciding to wear these for those who can't seem to wrap their heads around it:
After I sanded everything, I filled the drawer handle holes with wood putty, allowed the putty to dry completely, then sanded the surface down to even everything out.
You said it was over between me and you.
Crops of Luv,
As you can see from the official schedule, there’s a lot of events packed into Nobel Week, and so over on the Guardian Science Podcast I’ve provided a brief survival guide for Laureates. For those Laureates arriving in Stockholm today, enjoy the surroundings of the Grand Hotel, and get some rest. You’re about to experience a long and memorable week.
Caitlín R Kiernan – Emptiness Spoke Eloquent
11. Cherry Blossom Girl - Air / 3:40
Extensive enquiries dashed hopes that the upstarts of Scottish Brewing had seen the light. It was in fact not Punk IPA or indeed anything at all, from BD, but Offbeat Out of Step. So you can see how the mistake was easily made. I have no doubt that it was a genuine error, possibly out of wishful thinking - or bad eyesight. Not excess alcohol I'm sure. And in this case, I am sure, but disappointing nonetheless.
Here are a few practical ideas to help make memories with your kids and grandkids:
pakeha pete is the typical born to kill kiwi assassin come saboteur pimp. He sabotaged electronic data of a firm he was working for on his “home” turf out of sheer evil.
(503) 226-0676 x13
She tried again. “Insane killer, come out, come out wherever you are.”
Then there's this manic ditty, flying by like scenery on the Interstate. It's chaotic, yet finely structured, with a memorable soprano vocal appearance by Lisa Popeil.
With a successful launch and staggered growth plans, these units can spread to other key areas in the city to meet rising demand and extend to servicing other food businesses and restaurants.
Genre: Middle Grade Fiction, Fantasy, Fairytale
FOURTH MINI CHALLENGE:
You who fear the LORD, praise Him! All you descendents of Jacob, glorify Him. And fear Him, all you offspring of Israel!
Looking forward to meeting you all again at a future seminar
Can today’s capitalism be responsible? Can it be popular in the sense that people in great numbers embrace it and benefit in a fair way? Distinguished British Marxist historian Eric Hobsbawm does not think so. In a sharp critique, Hobsbawm made the point that capitalism as practiced in the last 40 years was all about growth and profit and not much else.
Avella admitted he’s touching the third rail of politics, given New York’s sensitivity to immigrants who speak hundreds of different languages. But he said it’s fair.
He added: “We should never take ideas for granted; we must value ideas. An idea can make you a millionaire. All you need is just one unique insight…If you don’t run with what you have, you jeopardize your future.
At stake is an estimated $350 billion that Americans spend annually on fees and commissions for banking, brokerage and insurance services. Proponents say the legislation will save consumers some $15 billion each year, offering them greater choice and convenience and spurring competition. Consumer groups and other opponents maintain it will bring higher prices and jeopardize consumers' financial privacy.
Now I question whether I should have just lightened up and rewarded him for being the great kid he was, realizing that stupid video games would not have made my peace-loving son into a violent person. Oh well, there are a lot of things like that to think about, and I have a long, long time to do it. But today we took Jack's gift cards to Game Stop to buy "Just Dance 3" for Margaret. Tim and Margaret are dancing in the basement to a song called, "Let's Go to the Mall!" Oh my. Thanks Jack, I think.
The mask I wear is one
Alarming!
1) Mitt Romney: 54.4% (37 votes)
My brother. Jer. Jer died. Shit. Shit. Shit. My brother…RAAAAAAA!
4. Rusty Evans and the New Bardo - I'm 5 years ahead of my time (previously unreleased, 1997)
The next letter in TULIP, the L, stands for Limited Atonement. This means that Jesus only died for the elect, those who will “definitely” go to heaven. This of course, is an incorrect belief, as Jesus died to make salvation possible for all people. Notice we only say possible, because salvation is not efficacious (does not automatically do what it says it will; e.g.: an efficacious stop sign would make you stop by itself), and we must prove ourselves worthy for it. If the crucifixion made salvation a certainty for all, then everyone could enter heaven no matter how immoral they were! Once more, Calvin has been ignorant of multiple Scriptural passages, which proved him wrong. Here are just a few: Jesus was mentioned as “The Savior of the world,” in John 4:42, as “Expiation for our sins, and not for our sins only but for those of the whole world,” in 1 John 2:2 and as “The Savior of all, especially of those who believe,” in 1 Timothy 4:10. This proves for us that Jesus died for all peoples’ salvation, not just those whom God favors.
My brother had to drag me away from Hynn's booth. If you are in Wilderness you must stop at Cape Oyster booth. Tell Hynn the crazy American sent you.
The contagious excitement and pure joy of the customers each night; the stimulation of working with people from so many diverse cultures, languages and nationalities; the giddiness of living the Cirque magic and dream day in and day out made everything else I’d ever done pale in comparison. That, and using my French every night to converse with my supervisors, made for the ideal job.
Look, I know that trans people comprise a tiny minority, but would it kill them to label the category itself "GLBT?" I mean, there are TONS of trans-related titles in this category; would it kill them to at least acknowledge that?
It's going to take a while to get over this one. Rest in peace, Howard.
Se we have seen about 2 houses so far. Including the one we can't have.
We'll get there fast
Be brave, for we can, and must, succeed.
As usual, I can't believe Dwight Evans is yet again one of the last cards I need. There must be a secret Dwight Evans Collecting Society somewhere.
North Coast Pranqster 355ml $7.00 – Belgian style strong golden ale, subtle floral & fruity nose, a touch of malt sweetness & earthy/spicy hop & yeast character.
and this from the footnote:
It’s important to remember that a prospective employer is looking for things that show them you are the right person for the job. At this stage they don’t want to know about your drinking habits or relationship issues, focus instead on the skills that will secure you the job.
Hey everybody, I don’t know if you Google document users or not but I’ve been using documents personally and also for my company for a long time. Google just released today the google drive component for people that use Google documents. This allows you to connect to your Google documents through a shared folder on your Mac or PC.
Take the myth of birthright citizenship, foisted on the American people in 1982 by William Brennan, who is a major contender for the hotly contested title of Most Wicked, Dishonest Justice in U.S. Supreme Court History.
I have watched the growth of what I believed was the American import of Hallowe'en with cynicism, thinking, like Father's Day, it was created to give the retail trade another spurious event to promote. However, a tiny bit of research reveals the tradition evolved from an ancient Celtic festival called Samhain - a Gaelic word meaning 'end of the summer' - which is believed to have been a celebration of the end of the harvest and a time of preparation for the coming winter.
If you happen to walk the 4.13-mile, multi-use trail on a windy day like I did, you will hear all manner of groaning and scraping overhead. That’s because you will—for the majority of your hike—be traveling through a piney woods. Harsher weather can really take their toll on these trees, and if you look up in particularly dense stands you will see some of the pines leaning against each other like drunken sailors. There are numerous places along the trail where trees felled from past storms form massive deadfalls, which incidentally can make excellent cover for wildlife.
Say what? Yes, craft beer companies do lots of interesting experimental beers, but these are not what are kicking the ass of macro brewers. Ask any craft brewer and inevitably they will have a beer, like Sierra Nevada Pale, Sam Adams Lager, some IPA or pale ale that accounts for 75 to 80% of total sales.
Do watch the show? Or want to? Tell me in the comments.
BURLINGTON The Jefferson salamanders have returned to King Road, forcing the closure of a section of the Burlington road until March 29. The road is closed at the point where King Road climbs over the Niagara Escarpment. It’s an annual rite to allow the endangered Jefferson salamander safe passage during its annual migration to lay eggs. Burlington is home to one of the few pockets of Jefferson salamanders in the province.
Nick is home for a week. He finished up his finals last Wednesday and got home Thursday night. He leaves next Sunday for his summer job at camp. Scott and I are thrilled to have him home and are enjoying every minute with him. The guys are planning to golf in much of their spare time. Anyway, he is officially a junior in college. Where did the time go?
03 The Rhythm
Unschooling acts immediately; it bites at the bit. But it also examines; it also reflects; it lets things stew and simmer; it is unhurried and unconcerned with the hurry-scurry, demands and expectations of peers and society.
This is not about who is put on the best position to extend his/her hands and hearts to others,
Try to have something in the background which suits or supports the interview (e.g. a landmark, monument, etc).
Two of a kind
Endive with Maine Crab and Blood Orange
The fourth instalment of the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise is hands down the dullest of the films. The main plot for the last two films dealt with the fading out of Piracy, and this film shows that Pirates of the Caribbean is over.
