Amy Winehouse - Porchester Hall, London, 3 August 2007
As soon as he entered his father’s house, his mothers embraced him. He very gladly bowed his head in respect to the seven headed by Devakī. Their breasts swelled and became wet out of affection for their son, who they sat upon their laps. Overwhelmed with delight, the tears from their eyes soaked him.
polyethylene pipe that is stronger and more durable.
I'm having to much fun drinking this right now to go to far in depth... but here is the skinny... there is nothing skinny about this beer. Huge body. Chocolate and malt undertones. A good brown sugar hit to the tongue and a Carmel/toffee finish.
Cybill Shepherd, at the time, was a successful film actress, having appeared in films such as “The Last Picture Show“, “The Heartbreak Kid“, and “Taxi Driver“.
- I say: – John Slattery is the greatest.
or being sexual with someone because there is an exchange of emotions and bodily
Online retailers are only getting stronger. Cheap prices, free delivery and hassle-free shopping make it a popular choice. But there's no....joy in shopping online. You can't look at the books, you can't pick them up, read the backs, run your fingers along the spines. And unless you know what you're looking for, it can be hard to browse on a website. Their 'recommendations' are fairly formulaic and changing them up involves a lot of ticking and unticking of boxes. I've said it before, but the day Amazon invests in some form of interactive recommendation service, bookshops are truly doomed. There are more downsides to online shopping, delays in delivery being one. Remember that awful show we had pre-Christmas 2010? Yeah, my pre-ordered copy of Last Sacrifice never showed up. I ended up going to buy it in Waterstones anyway because I NEEDED it.
What might have been, what will be
Deep in the jungle some have never met another human, they live in peace at one with the land, they understand nature and how their world works, they do not with for fine things as they have the best gift, they have the gift of life, a true happy life,
Lonsberry is probably best known for his time with the Broad Street Bullies Flyers teams of the mid-'70s. At this point you may be asking, "this is the best pack you opened?". It gets better, trust me...
in the rain.
We call it the "Eternally Comfy". It will be made of a water-repellant fleece material that zips conveniently up the front, and snaps in the crotch for those moments when you exceed your beer capacity, and just can't seem to hold it any longer.
The ECJ found that goods can be considered ‘counterfeit’ or ‘pirated’ where it is proved that they are intended to be put on sale in the EU, while goods coming from a non-Member State which are imitations of goods protected in the EU by a trade mark, copyright, or design cannot be classified as ‘counterfeit’ or ‘pirated’ merely on the basis of the fact that they are brought into the EU under a suspensive procedure. The judgment is particularly interesting because the possibility for customs authorities to stop goods which are technically outside the EU territory was an unsettled and much debated issue.
After a quick inventory of the men’s backpacks, Xu Guan decided it would be best to vacate the area. In his mind, there would likely be more men on the heels of the recently dead when they didn’t return. Killing four men had not been easy. Xu Guan had no desire to attempt to take on more. Any men who followed the ones now lying on the ground would be more alert and less likely to suffer from the same overconfidence that had ultimately been the undoing of these four men.
My reaction on completing the series was "Wow!" I was also disgusted by the commercial success of the poorly written Twilight novels when compared with The Hunger Games trilogy.
Tattletale got her MP3 player and put an earbud in the ear that didn’t have Sophia’s device in it. The other earbud dangled from the cord, faint music playing from it. Grabbing a blanket from the arm of the couch, she curled up in one of the armchairs.
My fave song is "No more Mister Nice Guy"
An incident occurred in Nacogdoches in which someone walked up to the pulpit in mid-sermon and handed Crimm a note. The intrepid preacher read it aloud. The author expressed his desire to kill the evangelist. Without breaking rhythm, Cowboy opined that the next morning at 10 o’clock would be a good time to try it since he intended to be walking down Main street in Nacogdoches with his pistols strapped to his hips. Crimm was good as his word. The would-be-assassin failed to show up but the tent that night was packed with sinners eager to hear the cowboy’s message. Most people think that Crimm wrote the note himself.
The feast is a great success, especially for the Dani, who enjoy semi-cooked pork far more than their guests, and so get the whole pig. There’s singing and dancing, back-slapping and an awful lot of smoking, but I can’t help thinking that human flesh is supposed to taste a lot like pork. I sit down next to Siamo and tell him I’ve heard his village has a fearsome reputation for devouring the flesh of its enemies.
there is no rhyme or reason.
After every visit to Old World I scratch my head and marvel at my good fortune for having a micro/craft brewery so close to the homestead. In the short hour I was there I was able to chat in the back brewing area with one of the owners about beer and bands, knock back a pleasant pint of porter chatting with the brewer and a buddy from work, peruse a recent issue of Beer Advocate magazine that I pulled from a stack of brewing related publications on the bar, sample the latest tapping of the Old World Wit (It was great but I got the stink eye from Matt when I called it an upscale Blue Moon) and share in the sampling from a bomber of Dark Knight Porter that had spent the previous week or so rolling around in the bed of the owner’s truck. To finish, I bought a bomber of Porter for myself (presumably not one that was a truck bed experiment) and a special First Anniversary Edition pint glass.
On new drama of KBS “Bridal Mask” will be air on 30th May, Shin Hyun Joon takes the role of brother of Lee Kang To (Joo Won’s role) named Kang San. Recently, the image of the fool on the the village has just been released. The image of Shin Hyun Joon with bright smile, playing games with other kids on the village, his age was stopped, now he just like a kid.
Then again, maybe the damn gnomes tried something, got their asses handed to them good and proper, and now Krom’gar and his troops are chasing their sorry butts down to finish them off. Which would be all kinds of awesome to see. Have I mentioned how much I fucking HATE gnomes, by the way? I mean okay, I hate humans and dwarves and night elves and spiders and woodchucks and rainy days, but I REALLY hate gnomes. It’s like they took everything that was annoying about goblins, cranked it up to eleven, took away the stuff that makes goblins tolerable (like how they help me set up blogs and shit), loaded them up with annoying voices and stupid hairdos and glued fucking springs to their asses. Do you SEE how they’re always fucking bouncing around? Is there anything more irritating than when you’re trying to fucking kill something and it doesn’t have the common decency to stop hopping around all over the place and just SIT. THE FUCK. STILL??
2. (a) Explain the synchronous detection method of DSB –SC signal . Explain the effect of phase and frequency errors in synchronous detection.
I drank more coffee. I became a coffee snob, able to discern fruity notes, a hint of chocolate. I looked down my nose at drip brewed pre-ground beans.
Stories of how this girl is a bully, this boy keeps picking on this girl until she cries, and this kid said this swear word.
he Brisbane Times quotes Ware:
We sat inside, in a quietish booth near the bar. Mr. Muscato was actually quite pleased, as it meant he (vy. vy. butch, you know) could watch the big football match (Sultanate vs. Disdained Neighbor). So there we are, in a relatively quiet nook, him looking over my shoulder at the vast screen at one of the room and me... discovering that tucked into the other side of our booth was a mysterious little screen, the size of a computer monitor ten years ago, that for reasons wholly mysterious was showing a succession of Asian pop videos with the sound off.
The ironic thing about television is that they normally only feature child sexual abuse from the standpoint of a female teacher sleeping with a younger student, a coach or pastor molesting a child. I have personally never seen other highlights like the producers of Hollywood movies who rape children and make jokes between each other about the sexcapades with these children.
Traces of Denisovan ancestry had previously been found in present-day inhabitants of New Guinea, but the new work also found it in aboriginal populations in Australia and the Philippines, and people from Polynesia, Fiji and eastern Indonesia. But no such trace appeared in western Indonesia or among mainland East Asians or particular ethnic groups from Malaysia or the Andaman Islands.
I've received a few requests (okay...way more than a few, ha ha) lately to list the Copic colors that I use. I use to be very good about doing that, but honestly I've become a bit of a lazy blogger and tend to forget that many of my readers would still appreciate that information. I get SO much love and support from your comments that I'm happy to add that back to my posts. THANK YOU! xoxo
In the pot where the rice is going to be cooked bring the water to boil with ¼ cup plus 2 tablespoons of oil (75 ml) and salt. When it begins to boil add the rice. Stir constantly with a spoon to avoid sticking to the bottom, until all water has evaporated. Cover with a lid and simmer for 15 minutes. Move the rice away from the sides of the pot and then cover for 15 to 30 minutes until the rice is firm but soft inside.
IWSB is getting recognized as No.1 entrepreneurial campus in India and abroad too. Apart from NEN naming IWSB among the top 7 entrepreneurial campus for the third year running, world class business schools are touching down at IWSB campus. We have had informal exchange agreements for this year with a couple overseas universities and corporate bodies on India Immersion, which we will be formalizing this year. We should have about half a dozen of these agreements in the coming year for Student, Faculty exchange and research initiatives.
XXXXXXB
When your priorities are in place, you will experience happiness, joy, and flow in all areas of your life. When you live by the priorities of others, you will experience sadness, lack of motivation, and a feeling of “stuckness” in some or all areas of your life.
I am really happy with this page ...
Week #68:
The reason boak and baily are in my tittle to this post isn't because i'm writing any lengthy essay about their blog or them but due to a deal that so long as i keep up with my resolution of a post a week i can gain a place on their blog reel. So as it was about that time of the week here it is.
This backpack has accompanied me for many years, especially on trips out with my friends and the children.
On A Saturday - Keith West
Ironically, several weeks ago a reader of my blog, Amy, wrote to me to ask if I knew of any "pet artists" as she wanted to have a painting made of her precious Golden " Izzy " to surprise her husband with for Christmas. I sent her Patricia's blog. Amy loved Patricia's work and commissioned her to paint the beautiful Izzy! I was shocked at how quickly Patricia captured Izzy's soul and beauty!
there is someone who
just tight and small and fast
Airy creatures would about arise and advance you for no apparent reason.
As a missionary's daughter, I have done my share of traveling. I have been to the creepiest (and filthiest) gas stations and rest areas imaginable. Let me tell you, you do not want to be alone in such places. Have a "body guard" with you at all times. My brother or dad always accompany my sisters and me -- and they wait for us in the hall until we're all finished which, as you can imagine, is sometimes a long while. Ha, ha! =D As long as my brother or dad is near, I know I'm safe. If the men in your family are smart enough to worry over your safety, don't you dare reject their concern and offers of protection.
John: What makes the book so fascinating, for me at least, was the appearance of looking at a family album, and sitting beside you is someone who knew that family very well, explaining the background for each photo.
There are a number of reasons, but I believe, at the base of it, it goes back to two things. First, Pennsylvania's liquor code is still mired in the era of Prohibition and Repeal, and the same patronizing attitude towards "public morality" that I noted in Reason #1. But second, and just as important, is that the State Store System provides a huge chunk of cash to run an anti-alcohol bureaucracy, something that makes it look like this is all self-funding.
The N.I.P.P.A.The N.I.P.P.A. logo is based on an image of Busaganashi, the mythical god of karate. Busaganashi is also known as the Nine Heavens Deity of the Palace of Wind and Fire of the Three Field City.
Alright my Create friends, I hope that you have been inspired to create something for yourself and someone else in yor life today, YOU ALL ARE AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Makes 1 loaf
By the beginning of July, we finally started to feel like we were settling into our new home. We had our first visitors at our new home (Jeff's parents traveled to visit us over 4th of July!) The boxes were unpacked, we finally knew where the good grocery store was in town and Jeff was starting to feel comfortable in his new responsibilities at work. Then on July 7th we received a call from Jeff's parents that Jeff's brother, Sam, had collapsed at a Bible study. We would find out soon after that Sam had passed away later at the hospital in Cambridge, England. Sam was a loving husband to Jen, an amazing son to Bruce and Carol, and a brother, and best friend to Jeff. He also defended our country as a Captain in the United States Air Force serving as a F-15 fighter pilot in England. Needless to say, it was a shock and unexplainable loss. Within 24 hours of finding out, Jeff and I, as well as Jeff's parents, had boarded planes and were on our way to England.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees. In a large cup muffin pan, carefully fan-fold each tortilla to fit into each cup. It usually requires only two folds (see right). We don’t find it necessary to grease or treat the muffin pan.
"Well, then the situation starting getting really out of control..."
Hint: Men can only rent them. Well, they could buy them...but it still wouldn't be theirs. *snicker*
Bumpiness: Medium
Here is the address for sending the cards to:
L. Ron Hubbard
3,200 applicants will be tested for nicotine usage, refused if found positive.
1. New England Patriots
The Fetzer Valley Oaks Chardonnay is in the weekly ad for $10.49 thru August 24, 2011 at select Publix stores.
Take the recent ward boundary changes that saw huge chunks of BNP supported areas, like Billesley and Shard End get diluted into neighbouring areas like Springfield.
when people were polite and friendly
Anglia Water Group, "Love Every Drop". I think u mean "Profitise Every Drop" the old state old Water Board did it better, cheaper and without the fatuous motto.
Bon Appétit, Y’all!
Another $100 into savings account means that much closer to Korea! Closed with Armond tonight, and ended up getting to make the schedule for the first time, so thats an awesome night all around!
To pick my favourite issue was a challenging mission, because I’ve enjoyed several lengthy engagements with Commando over the years. I’ve chosen A Stirling Called Satan for several reasons. Most importantly, I remember first encountering it in 1988.
Ring, My Own Little Universe
Ancient peoples the world over understood that individual consciousness is rooted in a universal field of consciousness and is therefore eternal, surviving the passing of the physical body. They engaged in spiritual practices to make that transition maximally auspicious. These practices can be described as a kind of alchemy, in which base elements are discarded and higher levels of consciousness are realized. The result is the creation of a vehicle, a soul body, that carries consciousness beyond physical death.
Boil My Water involved putting together a solar oven based on the pictures on the side of the box and then waiting for a kettle of water to boil. Light My Fire involved gathering firewood and clay and transporting it a mile down the road by donkey. DONKEY. Unsurprisingly, due to the aforementioned donkey variable, all teams but the Border Patrol chose Boil My Water. While Border Patrol get themselves a bit lost and start snapping at one another, the other teams aren't having such a breezy time of it with the solar oven assembly. Both Team Bubba Gump and the Dixie Chicks ace the putting-it-together portion despite other teams' vocal disbelief in their abilities. The Dixie Chicks make the mistake (in my opinion) of helping the Meatheads who present the offer as mutual but really just mooch while making superior comments about how the "girls can't build" while managing to cut themselves on the solar panels. Yeah. About that. Great building skill there...
(FYI, she sends me an email approximately never.)
“You have fine taste my dear” with this she quickly looks over at him, and he is gesturing towards his white hair, and white clothing.
I'm excited to see what it looks like when it grows back - maybe the Shirley Temple ringlets of her babydom. As for mine, I'm confident that the silver mini-fro will be the next big thing in coiffure.
I attached the bags for the pot, vegetables and chicken legs to the bicycle, picked up garbage when I saw the envelope waiting to be mailed.
I once wore a uniform and swore the same oath these young people did. Now that I'm older and hopefully wiser, the sacrifices and risks we took seem all the larger and more severe.
Walking in the yard, even in its transitional phase, is soothing and grounding. Birds are frequently twittering in the plentiful trees in our neighborhood, and as of yesterday a couple is building a nest under the little metal awning over our kitchen window. They’ve been very busy this morning.
“I love you too, Abby.”
In particular, where are the strong, human, grounded-in-everyday-life superheroines following in the wake of the entirely inspiring Elastigirl?
herself into a disorientating polyphony. On the new album's
When Rachel’s handsome studio exec boyfriend proposes on the Sex and the City movie set, she can’t fathom the dizzying adventure ahead. Accepting a once-in-a-lifetime venue deal helps their budget but puts them on a crash course to get married in just four months—and time isn’t their only challenge. They battle a wacky host of vendors, including a hair stylist who fakes a car accident and a makeup artist channeling Marilyn
and also allows the option as to where the waste can exit the tray.
The Stars in their first season back at the refurbished Forum were the favourites for the tie but found themselves a goal behind from the first leg. That was quickly overturned after 5 minutes as the Stars got on the board. A feisty contest ensued as both sides a man following a scuffle behind the goal before a second Stars goal put the home side ahead. A frantic second period followed as the Hawks levelled the tie on aggregate.
It was a bleak mid-August morning. For a twenty-one year old who was still receiving financial support from her parents despite being able to land a reasonably-paying job at a corporation that offered a healthily competitive and youthful workplace, you would think she’d still be sprawled on the bed with a hungover, seeking refuge under the covers. But, no, this girl was the kind who worked too hard and barely had time for honest-to-goodness fun. Casual hook-ups that could occasionally leave one breathless was a different kind of fun, of course, which she happened to enjoy many times a month.
Take a Bath
Same with the term “meta.” I’ve gone for so long without knowing what it means and I was rather disillusioned to find out that it really just means “beyond.”
1161 **D-III/26(B)/1993. “Lessons from the Story of Noah, Ham, and Canaan: What the Framers of the United States Constitution Took for Granted in the Training of the American People.” The College of Law, The University of Tulsa, Tulsa, Oklahoma. (Incorporated in Item 1995(4), above, pp. 97-112. Commentary by Donald J. Maletz, ibid., pp. 115-19.)
The River Arun makes a natural port
Now, before you say, with that sarcasm in your voice, "Oh, sure, we're just supposed to take that chance--but what if we get hurt?" don't think for a moment that I don't know the risk I took. In fact, before there was the hubby, I wrote several sonnets--more tentative ones, mind you--to another guy at college. Yup, that's right. This was already my MO.
THICKSET presents a night of brazenly homoneurotic disco and sweat. Dudes, Grrls, Homos, Hets, Cowbells & Handclaps. Debuts Sat Oct 22 @ Anza.
So knowing that, what are we going to do as we look for the blessed hope? We still have some time left before the Lord calls us home. I think that we now have a constraint to put Colossians 4:5 into practise. “Walk in wisdom toward them that are without, redeeming the time.”
And I knew the story must incorporate a master and apprentice, knight and squire, father and son type of relationship. The archetypical champion and his wise sage had intrigued me even before Joseph Campbell made me aware of the hero’s journey.
I understand that Paryumchiakdan has undergone several member changes. What impact has this had on the direction of the band?
Is the character in the OTHER card looking towards or away from the significator card?
Okay... mostly caught up. See that big blank space? I was going to do one of those cards with my week's Tweets on it, but I forgot that my printer sucks and isn't working right now. Lame. I'll make the card and then have to wait to print it until I get a new printer I guess. The thing works, technically, but it won't work properly unless I clean the heads and do a nozzle check first. If I don't, it leaves black streaky smears on everything I print. Cleaning the heads that often uses a LOT of ink, and ink for it is not cheap. It's like $17 a cartridge and it takes SIX cartridges.
A few weeks ago I was in Atlanta for business and Alison Sweeney *tweeted* an invite to go work out with she and Jillian in Atlanta. I assumed that they'd be working out downtown and I'd be a good 20 miles from where all the magic was happening. For grins I googled it, and would you believe my luck... they were 4 miles down the same street I was staying on! What? I called Justin and he said, "DUH! You have to go!" The opportunity to work out with the work out person I most look up to? It was MY moment and I had to take it!
I grabbed Dusty by the arm and yelled at him:
I know I should be more cheerful, happy, etc., but sometimes there's only so much you can take until your spirit is broken. Right now, I feel defeated. My shoulders feel like they are being pulled out of their sockets. My arms hurt all the way to the bones. My hips are in pain and it makes it almost impossible to rest. At this moment, I hate my life. I'm sick of all of the bullshit with rheumatologists, doctors, insurance companies, drugs, the constant pain, and the fact that I can no longer do what I used to be able to do...
My dear friends Monique Duveau, food critic and style editor at Cote Sud, and artist Jose Esteves have introduced me to their favorite restaurants, numerous memorable diners that still tease my taste buds.
Darryl Kile was acquired as a free agent from the Astros following the 1997 season. Kile was another of Colorado's unwise free agent pitching acquisitions, but he had his moments in Denver as well. In his 2 seasons with the Rockies, Kile had a record of 21-30 with a 5.84 ERA with 274 strikeouts. Following the 1999 season, Kile was sent to St. Louis in a seven player deal which brought Jose Jimenez to Colorado. Tragically, Kile passed away in 2002 after of a heart attack at the age of 33.
I probably should add that the suggestions made above, are made as examples as much as anything--whether or not these would be productive lines (or be of sufficient importance to be funded in a limited-funding environment) is questionable. TriMet has, I'm sure, considered many of these ideas. Certainly, I wouldn't advocate cancelling any existing services in order to provide these. But in the future, if gas were to become expensive and transit to become a first option for more resident, many of these routes might make sense.
No worries, I’m taking advantage anyway.
Oklahomans speak English instead
2. Cut the buttons off of stained clothing items, buttons are a premium craft item for local school, churches and other organizations
Yet the album was slagged by many critics! Labels such as confused, flawed, awkward, dated, and misogynistic abounded - and those were the good reviews! I always found that last criticism a bit, odd given there were two girls in the band. Whatever! But then the same criticism gets leveled at The White Stripes.
...I made this purse by working 'inside-out'.
Me: Yeah, I guess that helps.
This book didn’t tug at my heart, grab my attention or make me think, and to me those are all requisites of a “good read.”
GARROSH: Because seriously, if she—
No......I can't bring myself to be mean and hateful and slam down the receiver, but I'll admit the thought does cross my mind. They are just trying to do a job, although they are not very good at it and cause more inconvenience and frustration than anything.
We discuss stories. We talk about story form. We talk about technology. We talk about audience expectations. We talk about what’s happening in the industry and the culture.
One of my favourite LO's - this was actually my round 2 LO for the DT last year and still love it as much now as I did then!
I don't know if that makes sense to anyone else. The further into a rep I'd be, the more confused I'd get, taking longer, which left my trainer in racked position longer. HAHHAHA.
I think what Jesus is telling us here is that if we cannot be faithful in the small things, the everyday stuff, how in the world can we be trusted with the really important things? Our faithfulness is not determined by the size or importance of the matter, but by our character and how we handle the task or situation. So as Mother Teresa said, be faithful in small things...because that is a true reflection on how we will handle the bigger things.
More Americans than ever are waking up to the presence of genetically-modified organisms (GMO) in the foods they eat, which means momentum is strong to pass legislation at the national level requiring their proper labeling. After all, more than 90 percent of individuals polled in numerous surveys have indicated that labeling GMOs is essential in a free society
I’m sure people do think I’m crazy though. I talk to myself a lot. I know my wife has heard and seen me do this, and I’m sure people in the complex have stumbled on me muttering to myself as I walk my dogs. Thing is, I’m not really talking to myself. I’m working out dialog and scenes in my head. I was watching a PBS special on Britcoms the other day. One of the writers they interviewed apparently does the same thing. After hearing that, for a brief moment, I felt normal.
here are two more consoles i painted. i didn't paint the grey part, but after it was finished being painted grey, i added the black linework and side detail:
It’s hard to believe it’s happening. As a programmer, every program I create starts as a line saying hello world. It’s hard to believe in this case it’s not a program, it’s a life. The feeling is simply amazing.
“We heard that Parliament could be dissolved any time now. But we feel it is better for it to be done after Kaamatan so as not to disrupt the celebrations,” Parti Bersatu Sabah (PBS) information chief Datuk Johnny Mositun was quoted as saying by the English-language daily.
So what about you guys? I wanna see some of your past costumes. What are your plans for this Halloween? Will you be dressing up or handing out candy?? Do you carve pumpkins too?? Tell me all about it!!
Quote: When everything seems like an uphill struggle, just think of the view from the top.
Since 2011, the Kingdom of Bahrain has been embroiled in social unrest. The ruling Al Kahlifa family have been at odds with Bahrain’s citizens, over the kingdom’s political structure. Amidst reports of killings, imprisonment and torture, last year’s race was cancelled. For 2012, the Bahrain Grand Prix was again on the Formula 1 calender, a controversial decision by the FIA. From a sponsorship perspective, it’s one of the most lucrative races of the season. That and a desire to show the world the Kingdom is on the mend, are primary reasons for rescheduling this year’s event.
The situation is compounded by a dismal economic picture, which tightens the strains on fraying societies and makes the task of generating growth to repay debts ever harder. Fresh data Monday showed industrial production in the 17-nation euro zone falling 2.2% in March from a year earlier....
Philip Pullman wrote in a shed, before his huge success with His Dark Materials enabled him to buy a house with an indoor study. Many of my writer friends have sheds; Linda Strachan calls hers Tuscany. When Pullman moved house he gave his to a writer-illustrator friend, who demolished and reconstructed it in his own garden. It even still had plot post-its adhering to the walls.
The concept of unbundling has been around for a while, nicely summarised by HBR here as (i) attracting customers, (ii) developing products, or (iii) overseeing operations. Whilst it is possible to managed across all three areas, think Apple, some businesses can benefit from the separation:
Mick Mercer seemed to like them, noting Sleeping Dogs Wake in the summary of Goth History Part 2 (The Gothic Rock Black Book, Omnius Press, 1988) as one of the new up and coming bands to watch out for.
Ross Island, Antarctica
Innit = Taken from Isn’t it, or Is it not = Do you know what I mean = Do you understand me. “Innit” A funny word that is used wherever the speaker thinks it fits best, example: Innit a nice day, (or) are you going to the park, Innit. (or) Oh my gosh did you see was Victoria was wearing, put on some weight, innit. (or) I was driving in my car innit, and this other driver pulled in front nearly causing me to crash, and they didn’t care. Dumb drivers these days innit.
8. (Unknown)
This trailer is kind of blah until about halfway through when the girl starts singing that song. (So haunting. So beautiful.) The movie itself has potential but the fact that it was made in 2010 and is barely making a buzz on the internet in 2012, set to release ”sometime” this spring/summer, well…. that’s not the greatest sign now is it?
Of each one of you.”
“No,” came the reply.
why right now? because WE JUST ORDERED HIS WALKER (it's really a gait trainer). it should be here in about 2 weeks. we got word yesterday that the insurance company approved it and the vendor said it would be ready for us in two weeks. hmm. two weeks. what else is in two weeks? justin's second birthday! we have a HUGE party planned to celebrate two wonderful years with a wonderful little boy. i cannot believe my lil boy is going to be two.
Anyway these past weeks have been so action packed. Waking up to go to work then after hanging out with some amazing friends until the wee hours in the morning. The day I wore this Mike and I got half off dinner at the Woodward Brewery then walked to DQ for mini blizzards then back to the Loving Touch for movie night. I left after the first movie which was "Rubber" which is an amazing movie (it's on Netflix streaming right now). Later that night I enjoyed the cool air from laying ontop of my car watching heat lightening dance in the sky.
LETS GO RANGERS!
Found a perfect spot
That bird
The deeply-curved (initially, 146 degrees) image, when properly projected and viewed from a well-positioned seat, creates a startling effect. Someone once said if watching movies was like looking out a window, Cinerama was like opening the window and sticking one’s head outside to look around. In one of the two Cinerama movies “with a story,” How the West Was Won (1962), an early shot has James Stewart riding into an Indian village. In Cinerama, Stewart in the right-center of the image while the horse’s head is about where the viewer’s right ear is, just about out of one’s peripheral vision. It’s not 3-D but it is almost like being there.
Will I seek God or comfort?
With today's post, you may be wondering if you've already 'been here.' I assure you, this is not the Twilight Zone! In fact, we are doing a 'Re-Hop' on these fabulous Eyes of Beauty and Dreams Collection for Susana Loves Stamps!!! We just LOVE them so much, we wanted to share them again : D
When I put “racism” into the Encyclopedia electronic search, I got 62 responses. The third one was the entry on Oppression, which gives a clear overview of the concept and the entry cites both Gil and Young (who we mentioned in our earlier comment) which you are welcome to do as ongoing reading. Because oppression is such a critical concept in social work education and practice, and it is also part of understanding a critical perspective that informs your research, I strongly suggest that you do some of this.
In October Congress passed laws to make the constitution’s promise a reality. Soon the secrecy of sensitive documents will be limited to 25 years, renewable once. Those to do with human-rights abuses will have to be released immediately, and most material will have to be handed over within 30 days of a request, barring a valid reason for continued secrecy.
“The chief captain commanded him to be brought into the castle, and bade that he should be examined by scourging; that he might know wherefore they cried so against him.”
I studied Latin at school and have been fascinated by Roman history ever since, so going to Pompeii was a life-long ambition of mine, and it was everything I’d hoped it would be. The period of the Julian Caesars is probably my most favourite period of history. Without giving too much away Mount Vesuvius and the fate of Pompeii has a direct relevance to my second book, Dark Goddess.
This plan works because there are people out there who like to get things for free. Do you know anyone like that? Well, if you click on one of the free laptop ads you see all over the Internet, you’ll discover that there is a lot of fine print. However, if someone follows the rules very carefully they can indeed receive a free laptop. In order to qualify, they have to complete some offers and recruit a few other people to do the same. They pay you to sign up for the program as their referrals so they can get credit toward earning their free laptop. By doing this, they are able to get the computer much cheaper than if they bought it outright. Of course, the laptop is just an example. There are many different programs that offer a variety of prizes.
I got very lucky in the Dad department (kind, generous, genius, very family oriented), and so did James. So how did my husband want to spend his day? In a typical WonderDad way.... doing things for his family.
Attorney Chamber
Driving under the Chesapeake Bay.
Or…..
An antioxidant neutralizes the pollution of metabolism. Remember, metabolism is the way your body converts food into energy. Cancer is like a sponge soaking up all available energy and producing massive amounts of pollution. This toxic waste damages the DNA so it makes less energy for you. Some of this DNA damage is permanent; some DNA damage is repairable. DNA-specific antioxidants facilitate repair and economize every molecule of energy to make the most of it.
I noted to my companions that I didn’t think he sounded too great, but when he admitted during the set that he was two months away from his 70th birthday, I was then quite impressed with how well he sounded and his on-stage vigor!
I find this job surprisingly easy. Mixing and matching and pots and pans--quite the wizard in the kitchen. The elf in the window sill...it is a fun experience. And believe it or not, the recipes that come out of those thoughts are really some of the most flavorful and unique ones, I have so far been able to conjure up.
The characters were my cousins Annika, Juancho, Erika, Erinn, Errol, Erijah, Era, and Ellesse. I think Ezekiel was not yet born. We would go on adventures like go around the world in a car that can turn into an airplane and a boat. One time we got kidnapped in Batangas, and we managed to escape. There’s also a story about how we were all inside a car, and we mistakenly stepped on the gas, but we didn’t know where the break was or how to drive the car.
(1) Psychotherapy of Crohn disease Zur Psychotherapie des M. Crohn. Feiereis H Langenbecks Arch Chir 1984, 364 p407-11 – Internet health Library
Back on route, I leave Roydon Woods behind, and, now on tarmac, continue south past Blazemore Farm. In fields either side of the road Southdown sheep are grazing beneath some grand veteran oaks; one stag-headed tree supports large yellow brackets of chicken-of-the-woods on its bole. They would make a lovely risotto, but are sadly out of reach over a tall hedge.
People all over the world tuned into the news and watched Tsunami swallow some cities in Japan as they were happening. Then messages to inquire the state of my family and friends started streaming into my email, facebook and twitter accounts. I also received many heartfelt comments on my blog. Every single one of them meant so much to me. I was blown away by some messages I received through twitter. Those are the friends I have only known on internet. I know them because of blogging. For them to remember that I am from Japan, think of me and spend time to drop me a line just blew my mind. Thanks again for the thoughtful messages to me as well as to the people in Japan. I would like to think that humanity gives people hope and hope gives people strength. I believe that those who were touched by the earthquake in Japan need hope more than anything right now.
For as long as I have pulled my hair, I have tried to stop. It's benign, but there's nothing attractive about a self-inflicted, benign bald spot behind your left ear.
I have been having SOOO much fun with some of the products from Stampin Ups new mini catalog! I love everything in it! I ordered the Mixed Bunch set and the punch that went with it as one of my purchases. I thought today I would share a set of cards that I made using that set.
Denver Chop House & Brewery Wild Turkey Barrel Conditioned Stout
Alan Brunton / Being Here (2) / 34-39
Every time the New Year comes around, I go over my mental list of the things I'd like to accomplish and ways I'd like to better myself as a person. And every year when it seems like I'm not "on track" for accomplishing those things, I beat myself up and play the comparison game with others, falling into the thinking that I'm somehow not good enough, organized enough, or smart enough to complete my "list". So this year, while I am resolving to make some improvements, I'm also (more importantly) resolving to be easier on myself, accept my limitations and take pride in the things I do accomplish.
Be sure to enter in for my 100th post giveaway! The drawing will be on Friday!
However, this is a fallacy, and a big money making scam that has helped big financial institutions including LIC and Bajaj make a lot of money.
This is why I value that little phrase “I don’t know” so highly. It’s small, but it flies on mighty wings. It expands our lives to include the spaces within us as well as those outer expanses in which our tiny Earth hangs suspended. If Isaac Newton had never said to himself “I don’t know,” the apples in his little orchard might have dropped to the ground like hailstones and at best he would have stooped to pick them up and gobble them with gusto. Had my compatriot Marie Sklodowska-Curie never said to herself “I don’t know”, she probably would have wound up teaching chemistry at some private high school for young ladies from good families, and would have ended her days performing this otherwise perfectly respectable job. But she kept on saying “I don’t know,” and these words led her, not just once but twice, to Stockholm, where restless, questing spirits are occasionally rewarded with the Nobel Prize.
Here's the haul (plus 1 gallon of milk and a big bag of Tysons frozen chicken nuggets not pictured). I spent $37 and saved $45. My goal is to hit at least 50% so I was happy.
(Nip/Tuck S6E08, Flapjack S2E13A) 2 videos in a row with characters unexpectedly being depicted as very fat–fatter than they usually are. (Kimber, Bubbie.)
Although a wedding is not a laughing matter, one always needs a bit of humour.
I hope to come back to this subject, but meanwhile point you to this interesting description of developments in a jurisdiction which, by standing back for a while, had the opportunity to observe what the rest of us were doing before introducing its new discovery rules.
1.You must have a blog
Carol sighed. “Yeah, well, I don’t think we should count on him for child support.”
“Aaaaaaaaaarrrrrgggggghhhh! I’ll not be listening to the new Hot Potato Nights experimental potato spudcast,” the Screaming Phantom told us when we caught up with him buying lard at a covered market. “I work at night, see? I would listen to it if it was called ‘Hot Potato Days’, but it isn’t, so I won’t. And anyway I don’t have ears; I have scream portals full of worms. Y’know? For the kiddiewinks?”
While the loud eater was out, the movie ended. This was a movie exploring a long distance relationship. It was a sweet and understated movie. The ending was particular emotional and touching. Not because something extraordinary happened, but because of the way it showed how the two characters had changed, and what the relationship had morphed into after a year. It was an ending fit to the overall mood, yet powerful. The boor had missed the ending, pretty much the best thing in the movie. Oh, sweet silent revenge.
From a few of my friends, residents of North Yorkshire...
It was, we might say, not performance art but performance physics: an immersive, urban-scale demonstration of quantum dislocation, one object—or multiple?—and multiple objects—or just one?—constantly out of self-synch in a single setting. It was not the military-industry complex but airborne physics: the skies of San Francisco temporarily modeling an inter-dimensional event.
She prefers the rocking chair positioned just so in the living room, where the windows let in the most light. She reads for hours, turning the pages slowly, occasionally. Just when you think she might like to move, when the sun has crept up into her lap and is kissing her face, you see she's fallen asleep. Her eyes are closed, at least. The book drapes open across the armrest. Her hand marks the page.
Ok, there are some of my favorites. I won't apologize.
You'll be Venus at her best,
What about you? Do you have a hard time humiliating your characters, or does it come easily to you? What do you find most personally embarrassing?
After all your hearts are cut out, sew along the edge of the 2 hearts (wrong sides facing). This way the hearts will stay together and are reversible. I cut about 30 hearts, but you can do however many you prefer.
Jim Morrison
a picture and a word prompt for this Microfiction Meme and the rules are use the photo as inspiration for a story of 140 characters OR 140 words.
Hey there friends! How are you? LONG time no see, huh? Wow, does time fly around here! I tell ya! You turn around and it is the FIRST day of May!! Ahh......summer is FAST approaching! Woohoo! So, what have you been up to? Anything FUN? Well, I have something FUN to share!! I am the GUEST DESIGNER over at MR. CRICUT CRAZY this month!! How cool is that? Aren't familiar with MCC? You NEED to check him out!! MCC is a company started by a young man named Tanner! He does all the illustrations for his clear stamps and even has his OWN tutorial videos!! Now....that? Is AWESOME!! So, when I got the email asking if I would do a Guest DT spot? Of course I said yes!! Who could say no?! Anything I can do to help this young man to succeed!! I have a small PEEK of my project below,BUT, you will need to visit MR.CRICUT CRAZY to check out the ENTIRE creation!! I cannot wait for you to see it!! such a CA-ute image!! All the DEETS are below and I hope you will help me get the WORD out about Tanner and his stamp company!! I'll see you again REAL soon! Until then.....................ENJOY LIFE!!
Once they'd finished cussing out the dopey DJ, we put the plan in action. We found a store with a portable CD player, bought some batteries, and we were good to go. Problem solved.
The victory was followed by two expected losses, in which fans and observers were quick to point out that this is just a season of losing for Express.
I use baking soda to clean all my fruits (skinned) and vegetables. Just rub them and rinse.
react_toy: doesn't know drop it and will try to play keep away. Besides for that fine. Can take toy. She isn't allowed to have toys a lot since she destroys them. No one plays with her. We had 3 toys and she was interested (almost obsessed) with all of them. She would trade for a treat and once a bit calm/focused would give it to you, but wanted it back right away (in a playful manner)
She focused on Tarn's features and saw his weakness with a piercing insight. It was though she could see through the pale flesh to the spirit inside--a spirit thinned and weakened, bruised and weary. It was her first deepseeing and though she didn't have a name for what she was doing, she understood how it worked. She leaned closer still, cupped Tarn's face in her hands, and breathed his name into the silence.Through 50 pages, Tarn was already an excellent protagonist and the tinkers were a nice group of side characters; now in these scenes, Carrie emerges as an interesting figure as well. Meanwhile, de Lint also shows us Tarn's state as an exhausted shape-shifter from his point of view:In the deepest holds of Tarn's taw, he was all the shapes he had ever worn. He was a multitude of configurations that watched each other with eyes of gold and grey and mauve--those that had eyes. They were distanced, one from the other, but in that distancing, there was a sense of elusive oneness, a unity that drifted just beyond remembrance, beyond recognition.
93. A left-handed person finds it easier to open a jar than a right-handed person because they can supply a stronger anticlockwise turning force than a right-handed person. However a right-handed person will find it easier to tighten the jar up afterwards.
“Sometimes they publish the route so as to keep the public informed, but sometimes they don’t because they don’t want to notify the people that they secure the motorcades against or let them know what’s going on.” said Zoufal who added that last minute security changes are vital to present situations that may be threatening.
Modern technology which purportedly makes our lives easier, is also making it easier for government agencies to monitor suspects. The technology I’m referring to here is of course smart phone technology and related social networking applications, blogs, online forums, geotagging, etc… If you cannot see that this world is fast moving towards a system that is automatically categorizing people with similar beliefs and viewpoints into easy identifiable groups, then you must be blind!
Well, it just happens that Uncle was commissioned to build a new door for a barn.
I’m a rather libertarian sort, who nonetheless believes it appropriate to fully recover the external costs of a product, process, or behavior – in this case, smoking tobacco – so that the producer and consumer ultimately bear those costs. Hence, my support of high cigarette and higher (but not punitive) alcohol taxes. Right now, both are too low.
"Let's take mushrooms and drive through the E's house!"
A pillow from home made an excellent table for me as we travelled along. I had the GPS, the itinerary and the map as well as my knitting. Hanno did most of the driving.
I'm scheduling this from my holidays and I only just realised that I haven't checked the prize but I'm sure it'll be wonderful. I'll update the post as soon as I can but don't think I'll have internet access for a few days.
Please don't write me off as a raving lunatic. Not just yet, anyway. I know... I know... the only time you've ever eaten beets was when Granny forced them down you ~ and the only good thing to come of that experience was how they turned your taters pink.
Branaugh sees some type of primal drama, a la Shakespeare, in the Odin/Thor/Loki love/hate family dysfunction. Ibsen-style psychodramatics is a silly overlay to what could have been a Lord of the Rings style bonanza. The film within this film, the film it could have been, shimmers behind the frames like a gauzy ghost. You can kind of see it, if you try. It’s a darker movie, following more primitive gods who no longer have any followers, who are being deleted by the godlike processing power of machines. The gods are stuck in a medieval mindset. Thor, stranded on earth, must adapt not just to human standards of humility, but also to a world that no longer believes in gods at all. Loki would be there, sowing chaos for fun, and Thor would be confronted with powerful, human enemies whose might and nihilism scare him into a new understanding of creation. He might even catch a glimpse of the gods in the new machines. But it’s just a ghost, unrealized and unexplored.
“That’s the thing! Where I live where I am… was… you couldn’t go five hundred feet without seeing a building. You’re just trying to tell me they just vanished?!” He let out an exasperated wail. “Where the hell am I?”
I must admit I've never been crazy about Carter as a soloist, though it is individualistic. Having said that, Carter did record one of my all-time favorite bass solos with the Great Jazz Trio, (Hank Jones, Carter, Williams) live at the Village Vanguard, where on 'Naima' Carter plays an extraordinary solo which is almost solely based on rhythm. By rhythmically manipulating the two pedal tones, he creates a riveting solo which should be mandatory study for all jazz bassists on how to make the most out of simple material by using rhythmic means alone. But in general, I've never felt that his soloing is on a level with his accompaniment and I've also never liked his own two-bass bands. But these are small personal cavils - nobody can be great at everything, and I do think he's a very interesting composer, writing little contrapuntal gems which are very individualistic. I particularly love a little-known album called 'Etudes' (with Tony Williams, Bill Evans and Art Farmer), that features some wonderful compositions - gems like 'Arboretum' and 'Rufus' which really should be better known. Carter actually has quite a distinguished history as a composer on classic recordings, such as 'RJ' with Miles and 'First Trip' from Herbie's classic 'Speak Like a Child' album.
I am a prepper, not one with a lot of money at all. This means that I have encountered many issues with pursuing something I feel is completely necessary in life. Not only is prepping a way to ensure that you can survive a disaster or life altering event relatively comfortably, but it can also be applied to many other aspects of life. It is my hope that someone in my position, or one like it, can get something from this blog and apply it to their own preps.
"Wanna dance?" I asked, extending my hand. I knew she wouldn't go for it. Still I had to test whether she'd break. That was my trick in the past but here, now, she remained stoic, impressing me again. My little cupcake, all grown up.
Would we limit ourselves to only using 90% of our eyesight or 90% of our hearing when we could use 100%?
If the evidence on specific health outcomes remains of low quality, is it, perhaps, the case that caesarean sections are cheaper? Is NICE’s guidance intended as a cost cutting measure? In 1997 the Audit Commission reported that:
I was awakened this morning by the boy whining about his tummy. Before I even had my glasses on he had an explosive poo that landed mostly everywhere but in his diaper. I was scrubbing carpet, clothes and boy like a fiend. Finally got it cleaned up enough to check on the ailing rabbit.
I had hoped through my holy moly challenge, through exploration of different crafting styles, I would discover what truly is my passion, that one thing that makes my soul sing, that one thing that is me...did I find it? I think it is sewing by hand. It's peaceful. It makes me smile. I like it. I like it very much and hope to work on developing my skills using needle and thread. (I did a little bag that I hand sewed except for the handles as one project)
Believe it or not ....... a Congress.
People seemed to dwindle down to nothing as the river guided us like a friend alongside the high grassy hills of the water reservoirs, past the protected fences of industrial areas containing corrugated walled warehouses and timber yards. At one point the path seemed so over grown with plants it was like cycling through a mini jungle.
If Jim Beam want to know how to make something go viral they can put aside their incomprehensible, cacophonous clusterfuck of an ad and take a leaf out of Yarra Trams’ book. Confound expectations, ignore corporate cliches, respond to cricket references with cricket references.
To prepare dressing, combine first 7 ingredients, stirring well.
I also planted a flat of Gypsy peppers from our nearby farm market, which I thought were supposed to be somewhat mild, but they tasted pretty darn hot to me and my crew. My Zone 4 growing season is not quite long enough to get this pepper variety to turn that glorious orange (this is a photo from the night-before-frost, when I had a kitchen full of buckets o' veggies) but I did get at least one orange Gypsy pepper out of the bunch.
For my frame on the front I cut up a photo sleeve and adhered it to the back of the frame as protection for the photo. I then used a Hampton Art Smile stamp using embossing ink and embossing powder on the lower right corner.
Strong left a vastly changed city, newly expanded, and now in the hands of the very group whose prior machinations he had tried so very hard to reverse.
May 9 — May 10
Into that secret place where no one dares to go
'There is no connection, 23 is just a number like $23 or $230 dollars… I don’t think there is a problem at all here ... Not everyone will think this is misleading. There are so many Jordans besides the basketball player – there are many other celebrities both in the U.S. and worldwide called Jordan.'The IPKat is gobsmacked at the audacity of this response. True, there are other celebrities called Jordan, such as Robert Jordan (an American fantasy author), Jordan Knight (an American pop singer from boy band New Kids on the Block), Eddie Jordan (an American basketball coach) and glamour model Katie Price. However, surely the use of JORDAN or QIAODAN in conjunction with a silouette of a famous Jordan 'jumpman' picture or the number 23, could it genuinely be a reference to anyone else?
I have a huge list of things to do in the remaining 10 weeks before this baby makes his arrival and a new blog design in the works cause lord knows it needs it!
Anyway. There's Ella Bella (her middle name is Grace. For the record.). She's made of butter. And sugar.
Above the changing table would hang the Yankees poster and on the dresser would be one of the sports lamps, as well as the bank. The glider could be in one corner – with a side table that could house the other lamp. I loved the rug and the ceiling light because they seemed to pull it all together.
Spain’s jobless rate has more than doubled since 2008 after the collapse of a real estate market that fueled a decade of economic growth. The country is now home to more than one third of the euro-region’s jobless and more than half of young people are out of work.
It was just the two of them, and a very stormy ocean raging behind, that accompanied the day they decided to get married. Away from prying eyes, and in a ceremony on the beach to seal their love in a private moment, Alison and Owen eloped, and then headed on the rocky moody shores for some photos.
and wall and views unseen
Pamodzi’s acquisition, Foodcorp, makes Dogmore, Glenryck Pilchards and Yum Yum peanut butter.
Before I begin, I want to issue the disclaimer that I am no seasoned expert in the making of black beans. I’m sure there are many people out there who do a more authentic job. I’m just telling you what I like to do because it’s easy and tasty. Basically, you can throw together a pretty tasty, healthy side if all you have is a can of black beans and a jar of salsa. But if you have garlic, onions, and peppers, you can make a really wonderful side dish. It all depends on what kind of day it is!
5.I can’t speak for everyone, but for me, I come out of class with a clear mind, a sense of peace, and a good workout. What are some benefits yoga has for women, and how could they incorporate those practices at home and work?
And secondly, no, it wouldn't matter because there's always more designs to share, more books to write about them, more knowledge on the horizon just waiting to be learned and shared.
“Oh you might, might you? Harder to believe than you’re having a conversation with a gorilla?”
The word does not fit in the context of the sentence: “Context errors” are often a mix of the student not knowing both the definition and the implication of the word. For example while the word “resort” can be defined as an option but it also can be defined as a place to vacation in. Thus, using the word to reference a poor housing option is probably not a good choice. Using the phrase “housing option” will serve a more direct and clear purpose.
All of the titles sound so exciting! I still need to order Type B... But I need mooneeey.
now flank the patio and front entrance of the building. The rustic
Bloodgroup
"fuck off. But you do remember right?"
Next up for the Wizard of Oz costumes were 3 lullaby league skirts... the choreographer wanted 3 flower skirts meaning circle skirts with a scalloped hem, this was for 3 different sized teenage girls which was a new experience for me since I usually only sew for my 4 year old daughter. The choreographer wanted red, orange & blue (primary color) skirts and all the materials had to be as inexpensive as possible due to the tight budget since there were 100s of costumes just for this one production.
"My fingers bled for days."
Fishing, with the arid plain behind me
It's rare that a customer will patronize a strip club without having some sort of alcohol in his system. When a customer comes into a strip club, the first place he usually stops at (besides the ATM machine right outside the club) is the bar. It's a transition for the customer. He is mentally adapting from the outside world to the inside of his carnal desires. The bar gives the customer a chance to take a breath, relax and form some sort of game plan in his head before venturing out to the floor filled with plastic shoes, glitter and g-strings.
They never speak negatively about how they look, they simply do
I knocked down some walls
For a simple ending for today's post... Do not get in front of a pepper ball.
Thanks to everyone who entered.
As I have come to learn, champions are not made in the ring (that is, the arena of battle) they are only recognized there. If I keep preparing, one day my superior performance will show. It’s like what Abraham Lincoln said years ago, “I’ll prepare and someday my chance will come.” So true!
My boys were playing nicely. Quietly even. It was sublime. Then, because I work from home and this happens frequently, my phone rang. I answered it. It was a client, so I said, “Of course I have time, let me get to my computer.” Which, in kid-ese, meant that they would then have complete and total freedom from the wrath of mom until the phone call was done.
****1/2
Right that's all for now.
May you build a ladder to the stars
Explain to me also why the Organic Council of Ontario with ONFC is promoting organics and organic tomato sauce while serving it in a paper cup with conventional white bread. I asked them and they didn’t really understand or care. That’s really annoying to me.
spark
I also received good advice like “Take a grammar course”, which I definitely know I need.
I give no energy to the negative because I know all is in divine order.
I was dreaming about what to put in this cubby hole to store necessities (toothbrushes, toothpaste, q-tips, etc)...
An anonymous internet email source we have yet to identify writes, ‘If you post anything risque or otherwise useful to the media or the cops on MySpace, it’s a sure thing to come back to get you later. We have so much evidence on this now, it isn’t funny. The information you display on MySpace is no way as secure as on other sites’.
No pride, no vanity, fuck all pretension as is
back to Gabe.
We did terribly. Well, I did, anyway. I couldn't perform for the life of me and had never seen the monologue we read before. I sweat. I laughed nervously. I went blank. I stuttered. But, I frickin' did it. I felt sick. I wanted to vomit. But I stood up there and did it. Tried to assert my mangina power and project faux stage confidence through an absolutely shoddy performance. But, bottom line, I DID IT. And when it comes to actually performing in front of an audience, I probably will puke. But then I'll try to pull it off as part of the monologue, as we all slip n' slide around on the stage.
I don’t know why the orthodox church has a strong influence in the eastern Europe even now in the 21 th century, when science has proved the bible is just a mixture of stupid texts and God doesn’t exist.
Saute onion in medium saucepan in olive oil. Once translucent, add broth and cover and bring to a boil. Once boiling, pour over rice in baking dish and cover with aluminum foil, creating a tight seal. Bake in oven for about one hour and 10 minutes. Once done, uncover rice and add lemon juice, lemon zest, fresh herbs, and parmesan. Stir and fluff well, then re-cover with aluminum foil for about 10 minutes before serving.
For the announcement, we are doing a customer blog hop so you can check out all the new designers! I have created a sweet little wedding card using gorgeous Webster's Pages papers and Prima Marketing flowers. I adore how this turned out!
we've had sort of a rerun for the next couple of weeks...
“‘Course you do, you son of a bitch! At least you ought to! She was the prettiest woman in the world.”
06. Electric Feel
Nothing like Ted Rall to cure what ails ya...I just knew that there was a rationale behind the eunuchfication of Barack Obama.
Mr. Pace’s older brother accidentally shot him with their father’s .22 caliber rifle in 1917, when the family lived in Texas. Doctors left the bullet in place because they worried that surgery might cause brain damage, a son of Mr. Pace has said.
When I get discouraged by the enormity of what I’m trying to accomplish, I find it is helpful to look back. Seeing how far I have come really does help. I recently was going through my things and came across a post I made to Facebook in 2010, the first time I made the attempt to loose weight with Weight Watchers. My original starting weight back then was 323.6 lbs. I almost can’t believe I was that heavy. I look at my wedding pictures, which were taken about a year before that and I cringe at how fat I was. Just seriously… ugh.
A couple of parents, teaching their baby
It’s also fantastic how polls and qualitative research don’t add anything to the improvement of Education. It’s fantastic how ambiguous and hypocrite a person can be and we don’t need to go too far to see it, it’s there, everyday, for free.
I get that the point of the campaign is trying to show young people that smoking is, for lack of a better term, really fucking stupid. I can almost appreciate the fact that the VP of the advertising firm that created the ads is aware that young people (she says with the age and wisdom of 34 years on this planet) like to push their limits and see how far they can go. I'm still a little unclear as to how the ads show that smoking is an act of naivete and submission, or how they decided that the only logical way to show this naivete and submissiveness, was to show a young girl and boy being forced to go down on a middle-aged pedophile.
Last month Alexandra comforted Defoe when his friend Fabrice Muamba collapsed with a cardiac arrest during Spurs’ FA Cup game against Bolton Wanderers.
Daughter of former President Ronald Reagan
the plains of our faces.
It was a huge german shepherd. An angry one. Attached to a lead, luckily for me. The lead was attached to a grinning security guard. Who was holding a torch. Obviously being drunk I lost my balance and fell, very undignified and un-ladylike to say the least, onto those hard stones you get between rails.
The prison walls encompass the keep, a manor house, a fetid pond and not much else. Sir Horace notices arcane runes etched around the foundation of the keep, colored a disturbing shade of red. Archivist Darius copies them down. Solis recognizes elements of necromantic and abjurational magic. And it’s apparent to everyone, all speakers of Varisian, that long dead warden Hawkran figures prominently in the carvings. Callimachi takes a scraping of the red coloring for identification later by someone skilled in the alchemical arts.
Matteo Borrini says this may show that the old woman had been accused of being a witch. In medieval Europe, many people believed the devil gave witches the power to cheat death.
"Love is like the wind flow, you can't see it but you can experience it all over" - Meredith
Bouncing schedules. Contrary to the Tiger Mother, this Tigger Mother has long advocated bouncing my schedule around my calling as a mom. That meant incorporating play dates, oh yes, many years ago, which always turned into fun times for me, too! It has meant putting off things I wanted to do because there were games or recitals or choir productions where my presence would have been sorely missed. I’m no martyr, so don’t get me wrong here. It’s not like I have ever thought of this as a sacrifice. The sacrifice will come when I realize that my kids have grown up and I don’t have to juggle a schedule anymore.
12) A few years later, Paul, the persecutors of the Christians, was also converted by an experience he believed to be an appearance of the risen Jesus.
9:33 PM – Jericho is backstage telling on CM Punk. Eve gives us all a lesson on WWE Policy and informs us that any WWE Superstar who drinks within 12 hours of performing is in violation of WWE policy. Jericho suggests that CM Punk be given a field sobriety test in the ring, tonight. Johnny orders Teddy to perform the test. Oh boy.
I’ve stopped taking photos at the moment as both my internal and external hard drives are full to the brim. For some time now I’ve need a new pc and so I’ve decided to get a desk top because I can get a much faster and more powerful system at a more reasonable cost. The computer shop is now in the process of building my new system and I will pick it up next Monday. Then comes the painful task of installing and downloading all my software.
“Given the style that Seau played,” Focazio said Wednesday, “I’m sure he had head problems. We know that repeated hits lead to depression.”
Kan varmt rekommendera hennes motiv.
But what’s stopping me?
She’ll put the ring on her finger
I did not exercise yesterday, and actually had a couple of squares of milk chocolate in the evening while I was writing! I realise that I might be sounding like less and less of a role model every day. Well, my aim is not to be a role model, I am just trying to figure out a ‘toning up’ schedule that works for me, and it may help someone else along the way. I have tried some extreme measures in the past, and have never been able to stick with anything for long. I have tried the master cleanse, which is really fasting with a diet of water, lemons, cayenne pepper and maple syrup (I think I did it for a day), I have tried the general motors diet, which is a week-long menu with different food on each day (including a day of milk and bananas!) and I even had colonic irrigation once. Eeeek – It wasn’t as awful as you might imagine actually.
Think back on careless words someone said to you, the ones you’ve never forgotten.
Unlike my brilliant husband, who doesn’t seem to need a story bible, my memory sucks. Between Marne and I, we’ve written more than a few manuscripts over the years and there are times I remember more about her characters than I do my own.
To make the HEA possible, the couple involved in the sex scene has to achieve communication. That two-way flow of emotional understanding is the essence of Love and of Happiness. "When I tell him how I feel, he knows what I mean." That's erotica. It arouses the hope of fulfillment on a soul-level.
Here's Kaden, taking a ride in one of Daddy's presents--a new wheelbarrow!
Z is for Zeugma
Now that he quit trying to be president, we’re probably not going to see those Santorum traffic spikes anymore, but that’s a small price to pay for knowing that people still find it unpalatable for him to hold political office. It’s a ray of sunshine on a cloudy day.
DW: (Laughs)
It should be noted that Invasion is the first book of a series and it follows all the traditional setups of a first book of a series. The first half of the book deals with developing characters that are essential parts of the story. This means that the mystery part of the novel is only gleaned over in the first half in favor of developing the main characters Colt and Dani. The mystery, action and government organization elements don't really come in until the second half of the book but it is well worth the wait.
The victory was a solid one for Clark, who improves his record to 9-3. But the real story is that Browning, who was once the focal point of the UFC‘s reality show, now looks like he has no business in the cage
The phone rings and we see that Roy is asleep in bed alone. Simms is calling to tell him he has a visitor. Roy asks who it is and Simms says "a very attractive young lady, who says she's your mother." Roy tells Simms to send her up. She knocks and he says "Come on in Lilly." Lilly says "Long time no see." and kisses him on the lips. Roy answers "Eight years." before offering her some instant coffee. They sit down for coffee. Lilly tells him she's still working for a bookie. Roy remarks "an easy life." She answers "Usually." Lilly says suspiciously, "I'm not sure what you're up to."
"Any man can be a father,
Twenty or thirty nuns regularly take their summer holidays down the road from where I have been living and they used to wear their black and white habits while here (they no longer wear the habit on holiday). They were called “the penguins” by locals and could be seen cavorting on the beach.
We booked our Birthday celebration holiday...in about 6 weeks time so a lot needs to be completed by then
71 ***1. “The Declaration of Independence.” St. Louis University Law Journal, vol. 9, pp. 390-415 (1965). (Sources: Items D-II/12/1962 and D-X/10/1963, below. See, for corrections, Item C-1976(1), below, p. 128. Incorporated in Item B-10, above, pp. 11-29, 267-75 (1999).)
It's a very long list.
On January 16, just a little over midnight I was awakened with Don McLean’s name. Dazed and confused, I could not recall who Don McLean was. Still wondering about the name, I involuntarily sang the ‘American Pie’ chorus in my mind, thus, I remembered. I asked “What about him?” Then I panicked as a strong thought hit me- that America is coming close to her end!
In one sense he was right: for the well-born, expensively educated liberal elite he represents, there isn’t. I doubt that the Hunt dynasty (he is the son of Lord Hunt of Chesterton) will be inconvenienced too much by immigration and its social, economic and educational consequences. Less privileged folk of his generation, for whose fears about the future he clearly has a patrician contempt, will pay a heavy price if our unprecedented experiment of mass immigration goes wrong.
1/2 chocolate chips
According to Ozymandias, Bill kept a hat in his living room in Britain. The hat belonged to Serbian General Ratko Mladic – who is still on the run for war crimes as I write this. During the Yugoslav wars, Bosnian forces ambushed Mladic’s car in an attempt to assassinate him; he was not in the car but his hat was. So the Bosnians killed his driver and gave the hat to Bill, whom they admired. That was the explanation Bill Foxton gave.
Where have I been, you ask? Well, if you follow my other blog at flash365.blogspot.com (and if you don't, why not?! Go and follow it now, and 'like' the Facebook page at www.facebook.com/flash365 while you're at it, too!) then you know that I have, if nothing else, been carrying on with my project to write a new flash fiction every day for a year.
When this happens, you'll find that the relationship you've built up with your editor to this point pays dividends. If you've always been polite and professional, and if you've always been willing to admit that changes need to be made and work through them, then when you come back to your editor here with a problem, they'll be more than willing to listen to what you have to say and you'll be able to work out why there's an issue here.
A SUNDAY IN THE COUNTRY (France) directed by Bertrand Tavernier
allowed them to be unaffected by the camera in their lives. My impression is therefore of a series of images that appear entirely natural.
The film also features a bit of romance between Luke and a pretty young waitress, and a memorable scene with fireflies.
With regard to foodies, these types of online offers are such as heaven. Food enthusiasts can tantalize their taste buds at wallet friendly costs simply with just a couple clicks. All this really is made feasible by finding out about daily deals which are specific in order to restaurants in where you live, or by selecting a category highly relevant to the kind of food you prefer. It isn’t difficult whatsoever to discover specials, discount rates, and coupons by using online every day deal websites.
spiritual stuff
anyone who knows me knows i love me some messy hair. my grandmother used to say, "it looks like you combed your hair with an eggbeater!" to me every time she saw me. and it was true. so i was down to let bonzo's hair get long and crazy. but it was starting to go from crazy to cray-zee. not off the charts or anything but the time had been upon us for a while. i just had to come to grips with reality: it was going to need a cut.
FATCA, Dodd Frank, etc. all make it too difficult for foreigners to deal with US citizens; nobody wants to risk the IRS or SEC knocking on their door. As a result, many US citizens have been kicked off the boards of foreign companies, had their foreign bank accounts closed, and been disallowed from buying into lucrative foreign IPOs.
You flatterer.
As I pointed out at the City Council hearing on January 10th, there were significant complaints from Sanitation workers that the chains used during the storm were inadequate. The DOI report provides evidence to support this claim. According to DSNY, there were 3,760 chains that were damaged during the cleanup - about 44% of the chains used during the storm - which raises questions about whether the new chains used by DSNY are durable enough to be trusted in the future. Furthermore, a significant number of DSNY employees stated that trucks had insufficient number of chains.
Last week Anti-Fascist Action in the UK was raided and its leading members arrested.
Please submit an idea that you are working on to help devise a plan for a non violent end of the genocide in Darfur and in the Sudan.
Now she’s married
Vote on the winners
Sometimes this is the violent end to a violent sport, another ex-football player, a great one this time, Junior Seau who had his best years with the San Diego Chargers, shooting himself in the chest in an apparent suicide.
According to sources within the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the device used to measure atmospheric concentrations
I really wanted to make the skirt out of a red and black striped fabric but had an incredibly hard time finding one. Joann's, Discount Fabrics, and Fabrix didn't have any. I finally decided to use a white and reddish pink stripe that I found on the $2.39/yard shelves at Fabrix and decided to dye it with black Rit dye. I got out my large dye pot and smushed 2.5 yards of glazed cotton in. As might have been predicted this did not go terribly well. The finishing on the fabric created creases and the fabric did not dye black but did eventually reach a medium gray/lavender shade. I dumped the whole thing into my bathtub (which dyed the tub purple and required a lot of scrubbing with bleach later) and swished it around to even out the color. The final result was a toned down red stripe and a bit of a distressed looking fabric. Despite the fact that it wasn't my initial idea I decided that it would do very nicely for a pirate costume.
And I am trying to be as prepared as I can for both. Oh, and the job searching. It's so hard to job search and not admit to your potential future employers that you really believe you're going to fail your board exam.
White accent stripe: 1 1/2 x 8 1/2 inches
Food featured quite high on the planned list of weekend activities though I was almost scuppered as there was little in the cupboards/fridge and the idea of shopping just didn't appeal. A rummage through The Ark Royal (our chest freezer) revealed some pork tenderloin steaks of various shapes and sizes - hmm, what to do to make it into a delicious meal? Off I set into the depths of our garden with my bowl and a trusty pair of scissors to hand with high hopes that there would be something I could use. A wander and a forage later, and a goodly bowlful of mixed herbs were snipped and ready to go.
Martin Smith then talks a lot about those who attempt to ‘divide society’ or divide the working class. That is, the Marxist cliché written a thousands times. Yet Smitty himself is the best divider of communities – he has nothing but hatred for all to the right of Pol Pot. He divides for a living. That is the essence of his Trotskyism. Part of his divisiveness is his love of violence – or ‘mobilisation’.
Because I’ll be celebrating my birthday in a few days and because I promised to pamper myself more this year as part of my 2011 resolutions, I went to Forever Flawless at Robinsons Galleria last Sunday, January 23, to have an age-defying facial. This type of facial treatment restores elasticity, boosts the skin’s natural ability to stimulate collagen and visibly diminishes wrinkles and fine lines.
I've found that thinking about feedback in this way (response + example + suggestion) has helped me when teaching using the workshop method. When one of my participants gives a bit of feedback that seems vague or unhelpful, 'I really liked that, I did!' I've been asking him to go back to the text and point out the sentences he liked best, and see if he can tell the writer exactly why he liked them. Getting readers to articulate what they think works and doesn't work about a piece of writing can be as helpful to their own writing and the development of their own taste and style as having their work put under the workshop-microscope themselves.
I'm not gonna lie, it's kind of scary, but it's kind of exciting too. I'm hoping it makes me write more. We'll see. Santa, that laptop I asked for would make thing sooo much easier. And I've been a very good girl.
I’ve also recently decided that when you live in a beautiful area, it’s important to get out there and enjoy it even if opportunity only allows short trips. And so it was that Andrew and I found our way to the coast for four days of California beauty and adventure.
I think I'm just about ready to resume normal transmission again but there is the threat of major assignments looming, so do forgive the occasional drop-out.
She knew each flower by its popular and botanical names. She had an enormous capacity for words.
Our first match is Jack Swagger and Dolph Ziggler taking on John Morrison and Alex Riley.
Tracking the trajectory of New Testament transcendence, it amazes me that the idea of sovereignty stuck to God so strongly. But the subsumption of transcendence by sovereign power is that strong. This blog continues its commitment to reconfiguring a transcendent good that is free from the transcendent evil that sovereignty so often covertly connotes. So continuing from the previous post, this one explicates a transcendence exemplified by freeing the oppressed and declaring the era of divine favour.
So that's basically it! Like I said, I'll do a nice, picture tutorial later on but for now you can either follow my hand-written tutorial or follow one of the 2,000 other tutorials on YouTube xD
Owner of the restaurant also told me that the restaurant is close 2 days per month only. The only sad thing is that their weekend is always not fix the date. They will post it on the restaurant wall in advance for about a week before their weekend. The restaurant is open daily from 11:00 – 20:00 Hrs. If you have a chance to pass by, why not give it a try!
Ahmad Zahid Hamidi had earlier insisted that the French courts have no jurisdiction to summon Malaysians to testify in the ongoing inquiry.
“You need to come upstairs,” said Chris. “C’mon.” Chris led the way.
Before going back to school, I took a trip to San Jose/San Francisco. I love museums and was so happy that I got to visit the Legion of Honor in San Francisco. I was so surprised at how much the weather fluctuated throughout the day and area up north! On this particular day, it was around 85 degrees in San Jose, but dropped to around 65 degrees when we got to San Francisco! Talk about fickle weather! I guess being from Southern California, I'm not used to extreme temperature changes, as it's pretty much the same all the time.
For those of you that are designers you can submit designs to them for their consideration. Plus if you want to become an affiliate of Cardstore.com they also offer an affiliate program with Commission Junction.
So, why is my internet angry? I’m not a military wife, and I wasn’t a mother during my teenage years. But I know many people in both groups, and they’re pissed.
And your Pa, he'll hardly notice when he comes in through the door
The Christmas Pageant ... Hallmark Channel ... 10 PM *NEW
Three teenage girls: ages 15-16.
Banner stamp – waltzing mouse
Oral-B Glide Floss 35M+ or Oral-B Floss Picks 30 ct+ $0.50/1
There are surely many people of good will in European countries who are not as concerned as they should be about Islam due to their inability to distinguish between harmless concessions to a community genuinely eager to fit in, and the latest of the thousand cuts that Islam hopes to defeat us with. Formulating a strategy for helping such people see why even minor concessions should be opposed, perhaps in the manner outlined above, could be a valuable activity.
3) If your favorite team just won a game, what happens with your hands? - They go up in the air
Two recent news stories suggest Britain is not just adopting a policy of appeasement toward sharia, but is already a de-facto sharia state. Firstly, your government is quite incredibly arguing that British Christians should not be allowed to appeal against a ban which outlaws the wearing of crosses in the workplace, and secondly that an Englishman, Darren Conway, has been jailed for twelve months after being found guilty of “religiously aggravated harassment.”
Brewed: 07-23-2009
I dunno. We’ve spent every day together since we were practically zygotes. Well, I was a merbaby zygote. Still. She knows every date I’ve taken girls on. It’s a lot of pressure. I wonder if she’d think I’m playing my best cards, which I would be. I’ve been saving it all for someone and it’s her.
So yesterday was a perfect running day (just a little too windy) but cool & sunny. I got to the race early enough to wish Mary luck before the race.
I found the process of making these quite interesting - Clive had suggested that the making of movable figures like this really helps in the composition of a painting, and in the end, more dynamic figures. You can play with the positioning and find great personality in altering the movements to express a different feeling.
Midnight’s children is about India, the new free India born on 15 August 1947 with all its hope for development and progress, dreams of becoming a world power, an ambition to remove all social prejudices, a new order of democracy … in short everything we the people of India dreamed of when the British left for their land, leaving us to govern our own.
So, I would say there’s a much better way. And that is allow the people to make their decisions and not get the government involved. You know, it has only been…
or, Lionsgate Attempts to Appease Trailer-Hungry Fans.
* Putting an end to biological farming and poisoning non GM cultures through pollenization from GM crops and accidental exposure to Roundup herbicide.
Knick of Time followers also,
TTTOOOOOOOOOOOO CUTEEEEEEE I know!
At approx 3.23. Went in before the results figured it could be a buy on rumour sell on news. Surprised by strength, but still think that with all the analysts rating barclays as a buy how much further can it go?
What it does not demand is perfection. But some parents still try to be perfect, despite the fact that perfection is unattainable. We love our children, we connect with our children, we respect our children, and we support our children. But to do so in a manner which is both authentic and true means that we have to start from wherever we actually are, not from where we wish to be.
person, and now she's dead.
25. The official religion of Scotland is Presbyterian, with churches traditionally being called “kirks”.
Without making the same mistakes.
I loved these colors too so I made a kind of monochromatic card with it. For my coloring I used Copic markers, but the flowers are so dainty that I didn't worry too much about coloring them in to perfection. I added a few buttons in the same color family and some a scallop in silver. Nobody said these colors had to be wintery.
“How about you?” James asked, “What made you like a poem about love?”
I realized a few days ago that there are people in the etsy world who don't seem to understand that we're all just self-employed crafters. I had an order come in for one of my patterns around 8:00 at night. I saw it in my email box, but due to the hour, decided to sent it off in the morning as it was time for me to get off the computer and start winding down so I could get a decent amount of sleep for once. I awoke in the morning to an email from the customer with a timestamp of 1:30 am asking when she would recieve the pattern. It was not, by any meaning an angry or irritated email. Still, it annoyed me. Maybe because I'm not a pleasant person first thing in the morning, I don't know.
The government will certainly roll out its “big guns” to stem the tide of humanity coursing down the historic Dataran Merdeka (Independence Square), come April 28. The eyes of the world will be watching the outcome of the face-off. A violent crackdown on the innocent citizens will arouse the ire of the global village and rouse the people to action. If Bersih 3.0 is crushed, the final fight will shift to a bigger arena where the fate of the rulers will be decided. The only weapon the government has this time is fraud: it will cheat at the ballot box to cling on to its tattered pants. But the price of liberty is eternal vigilance – and the people are unlikely to let down their guard. They may yet deliver a knock-out punch.
Cardiology stethoscopes offer medical practitioners far more depth in listening to heart related conditions like murmur and erratic behavior. The heart is the power plant of the human body and it must be dealt with sophisticated devices, so deviation from what is normal could be dealt with convincingly and accurately. Although check-ups follow several processes, stethoscope reading is critical as it establishes the appropriate response once an irregularity is diagnosed. The choice of the stethoscope is important, so read medical literature and not just pick one from the nearby wholesale medical supplies outlet.
Many people speak of Christmas as the best time of year. Those people are delusional. At the very least they’re senseless. And by “senseless” I mean they must lack several of the five senses the average person acquires at birth. When fall comes, smell, touch, taste, sight and sound are overwhelmed in the best of ways, like a feast of fresh vegetables after a forty-days fast. The fast is the long, woozy summer which numbs us every year. And the feast is the turning of trees, crunching of leaves and the feel of the chilly North wind that wakes us up from our summer slumber.
Elba: “I love her…hubba hubba.”
not go out. I’ll resend
Football Jerseys – Team Pride
I knew this day was coming, and I have to say I was dreading it. Under the sinks are my least favorite places!
my mind is so unfocused
What kind of a woman was she?
At least my surgery was a “success”. They pulled my cyst out, a good 2 cubic centemeters of meat. Gross.
Some decorating advice.
I exhale
“Human beings, as a species, have no more value than slugs.”
Enough trials to keep you strong.
I saw you sitting on that seat as
Remember The Italian Job? As cliffhanger endings go, there are few more aptly named. With their coach dangling precariously over an Alpine ravine, a gang of plucky British robbers face the choice of saving themselves or risking all to retrieve the stash of gold they have stolen from Turin. However, each move they make towards the rear of the coach to reach their haul results in the vehicle inching further over the abyss.
It is something unlawful for man to utter.
Toilet paper is also definitely exempt. How on earth people existed before toilet paper is beyond me. I don’t think I want to know.
Gender: Masculine
I struggled for a while with a category for ten of my favorite things. But it’s spring. And I went shopping for blooming plants to liven up my sad, sad garden. So I decided to write about my ten most favorite flowers.
Don’t delay, register today!
9:30 – Don’t Trust the B— in Apartment 23 (ABC): June is devastated when she receives a wedding invitation addressed to her and her ex-fiancé, so Chloe tries to bolster her confidence—and does too good a job. No thanks.
For you I wait forever and a day
It is Friday. The beginning of the weekend with the MoS. He's had a busy week at work, with lots of little things accomplished, and two days spent teaching a group of workers safety stuff. It will be time to kick back and relax tonight when he gets home and I get to his place. Yay!
I pray you enjoy the holiday season!!!!!!! Eat well, drink well, and love well!!!!!!!! And whatever you do, look within to find the vision that God has deposited in your heart. He placed it there for you to see your greatest potential!!!!!!
They are quite tiny; I suppose a hummingbird would find them attractive.
Doctors: Lu Corfield (Freya Wilson)
Once the world's fourth-largest lake, the sea has shrunk by 90 percent since the rivers that feed it were largely diverted in a Soviet project to boost cotton production in the arid region.
Did you want to be a doctor when you grew up? Well this is a great resource that lets children explore the different types of people who help us in our everyday lives, like firefighters and doctors. The videos show people working at eight different jobs, asking children to think about which jobs they might like to do when they get older. They might even want to role play some jobs together in a group.
muck certainly has come a long way since her teens. she has shown at the Bronx Museum of the Arts, Fuse Gallery in New York, the Pacific Design Center in LA, the Stephen Cohen Gallery, and all over the streets. No big deal as she pumps out 1-6 paintings a day. “All I do is paint. Everything else has fallen by the wayside. I used to write, I used to read, I used to try and play music but now I just obsess over the painting 24/7.” says Muck.
That's it!
I managed a B in Math, B in World Lit(which was quite surprising actually), and a A on my speech. The math grade I completely expected. Hello .......that chapter shot straight over my 31 year old head. There are times when high school students have the advantage over the "older" college student. I don't even remember doing half this stuff in highschool. The B in World Lit is quite surprising considering I felt really good about it and was quite happy with it.......hmmmm, will have to wait to see when I get it back. The A on my speech I totally deserved last time but maybe not this time. I gave a good speech, don't get me wrong(its an art), but I was not nearly prepared this time as I was for my last one. I could not help it, there was not enough hours in the week! As far as Biology goes, will have to wait for the results which my teacher will undoubtively post about 2 weeks from now.....because thats how she rolls. I do feel good about it though.
These are mini pizza boxes that measure 4 inches x 4 inches x 1 inch. I used this tutorial to make them. Of course I had to sample the chocolates as I worked, and not just one... oops :)
In a shallow dish, whisk together an Egg and a tablespoon of Water.
The main reason for our lack of understanding of this gift is that most of us Christians don’t believe or understand that God created us as a tri-partite being consisting of body, soul, and spirit. For most of us, the only levels of awareness we normally experience is at the body and soul level. That is the awareness that come through our senses, our physical body and our intellect, thoughts, emotions, feelings and self-identity, that is, our soul. However there is within us, at the very center of our being a sense of awareness that is non-conceptual and non-verbal. This center of our beings is the where our conscience and our innermost unexpressed desires are formed and reside, it is what we might call “our secret place”, or what Jesus termed “our closet” in his sermon on the Mount. Paul also refers to it as our “inner man”. It is this place of inner awareness that the scriptures term “the heart of man” or “the spirit” of man (eg., Is. 57:15, Ezek. 18:31, Ezek. 36:26, Ps.51:10, Heb. 4:12). It is at this level of awareness that we are enabled, by God to communicate with Him ”in the spirit”. This spiritual capability is there by God’s design so that He could, through this intimate sense of awareness, maintain a personal relationship with every individual human person. Because God is “spirit” it is only at this spirit-to-spirit level that we can commune with God. That is why Jesus told the Samaritan woman at the well that…
Wipe Solutions
Artists create and muses inspire. The ancient Greeks had 9 muses to get inspired: Calliope for epic poetry, Clio for history, Erato for love poetry, Euterpe for song, Melpomene for tragedy, Polyhymnia for hymns, Terpsichore for dance, Thalia for comedy and Urania for astronomy. All of them are goddesses.
The upshot was, that I discovered chard.
Girl1 is a top girl. She actually gives much worse than she ever gets from the guys, especially at table talk.
Additional speakers, panelists and artists will be announced closer to the conference.
The status of a word was overlooked.
There are many Aussies in this part of the US. There are two large companies that bring Aussies out here for work. I’ve met some of these Aussies at local parks and playgrounds. I try to reach out and connect but they don’t respond. One of them was kind enough to explain, “We are a tight group. The families of the company.” They have created closed communities and I don’t qualify. Firstly, my husband doesn’t work for either of those companies. Second, he’s American so even if he did, I may still not qualify.
During that meeting, I was sickened by the stupid, vapid choices presented. But I came prepared. When I was 18, Tori Amos's Winter was such a clear choice for a serious message of recognition of place and growth and fear that I couldn't but enter it.
First impressions are the classic LUSH packaging. Black and white. The little pot is cute and you get a lot of product for your money as you only need a tiny bit so it should last a very long time. It claims to keep lips in ‘tip top condition’ with a blend of sugar and Jojoba oil.
This whole theory also explains false labor. In these cases, when the organs insist the baby move out, the baby signals back that it’s really really sorry and that it’ll clean up its act. They argue about it for a while, and eventually the organs relent. Maybe they believe in second chances and all that, plus maybe these particular organs can’t handle conflict. At any rate, everything goes back to normal for a while, and when the organs finally realize that things aren’t going to get any better, they try again, only harder this time. Sooner or later, they make it stick, but sometimes it takes a few tries.
I find myself thinking of The Road Warrior more and more every time I have to refinance my house to fill the gas tank. It’s also one of the first movies I ever saw that made the end of the world look like a lot of fun. Speeding down the road in a souped-up Barracuda, blowing people away, crashing cars...how cool would that be?
Wow, that encourages me so much. I had to read and re-read it to grasp what it was saying. I so enjoy writings that challenge my thinking. Probably why I so enjoy George Muller and Charles Spurgeon so much!
Reason Written: Written to show the sovereignty of God over suffering.
We all agreed how mad it was once you stepped outside the compound and how wonderfully peaceful it was within the compound. And how Bangalore had changed so much and how amazing it was to have a little such corner to oneself.. in this hi-tech city!
This poem could well have been written for Robert McBride!
Okay! Wet's see what our next wetter says: Dear Mr. Pwesident, We all know how you were an absentee member of the National Guard, when are you going to come cwean and admit that you didn't attend your Hooked On Phonics cwasses?
You know, being a step-parent isn’t always easy. Anyone who has been one knows what I’m talking about. It’s very hard to focus on treating your stepchild as an equal in the household. It’s very hard to treat them like you gave birth to them or had a part in their procreation. It’s very hard to maintain that love you chose to give them when you married their other parent. I have done very well at not being…
Here’s my favorite shower song, Stay Up Late by the Talking Heads…..
Retinger, SJ, Prince Bernhard SMOM).Bosworth is an advisor of the
Zuma, not being the Chaka, might be interrupted with impunity by the
There’s a grand stretch in the evening isn’t there? It’s bright now until 6:30 and the clocks haven’t even gone forward yet. Richie decided to use this to his advantage yesterday and get to more tasks in the garden. This time he was pulling the ivy off the stone wall, at the front of the house. He had some company, though I joined him mostly for a few pictures.
So my beautiful owl met her end.’
and ten short seconds
We toured 4 farms in all, a melon farm, a squash, corn, onion, cucumber and berry farm, heirloom tomato farm, and a canning facility. The farms are not organic, but they use minimal pesticides and no weed control. When we toured the larges farm we were driven around on a horse drawn wagon, and allowed to pick any ripe produce we saw to take with us. I scored sweet corn, squash, green bell peppers, pablano peppers, candy onions, and garlic.
Personally, I think this is a fantastic addition and I hope other local festivals will follow suit and develop mobile websites/apps with their beer list information. I personally am not a fan of carrying around a sheet or booklet at festivals. And since I will probably have my phone out most of the time anyway (Untappd, anyone?), it's especially convenient to be able to access the brewery/beer list that way.
President Obama’s secret trip to Afghanistan, shrouded in secrecy for security reasons, culminated in a midnight meeting with Afghan President Hamid Karzai and the signing of a ‘strategic partnership agreement’, the full details of which have not been made available to either the American or Afghan public.
* secured fence
Why did I decide to study at Griffith and in Australia? Well, I have a Bachelor Degree in Economics, but wanted to switch careers. Right now I’m doing a Master of Business (International Tourism & Hospitality Management) which is what I really like. Always wanted to study abroad and visit Australia, but not just for a short period of time, so the idea of studying at Gold Coast suited me perfect. Some people might wonder why I left my comfort zone. Well I wanted to experience new things and there is no better time for me to do that than now.
By Jim Walsh and Phil Dunn, Cherry Hill (N.J.) Courier-Post
The name veganism will be the practice of never using animal products. In this piece we will discuss the practice the way it pertains to your diet, which will be the elimination of any animal food with the diet. Basically this is very precise vegetarianism, vegans do not consume meat, eggs, honey, cheese, mayonnaise, or anything which at any point in time was an animal. Even though it becomes hard to know precisely who are never-cheat vegans in meat-loving America, it could certainly be said that considering the variety of vegan cookbooks coming out that it has grown to be a lot more than a cult position.
I chose the Quattro Formaggi ($14), with mozzarella, gorgonzola, and parmiggiano reggiano. Cooked perfectly, this pizza was superb, with a thin, crisp and chewy crust, and plenty of flavorful cheese, especially the tang of the gorgonzola. This is my kind of pizza.
Her brain was starved of oxygen.
9. Become label aware but not a label lunatic!
It would be so easy to open it, to breathe in
There was only problem I had with this flick and it was one semi-cheap scene where we see Bill in the classic villain mold which is a bit unnecessary. I don’t really think I’m giving too much away talking about this scene but it shows one of Bill’s associates, Elle Driver (Daryl Hannah), sneaking into The Bride’s hospital room about ready to poison her while she’s sleeping. However, at the last second Bill calls it all off, saying that she “deserves better than that”. I thought that this was kind of a cheat way just for the story to continue and to show the reason why The Bride continued to live on and basically cause havoc to everybody on the planet. Also, wouldn’t a real assassin know how ruthless she is? So why wouldn’t he just off her right then and there? Regardless though, it’s only one scene but it still was at least the only negative I could come up with.
Stamps: Send me Soaring, Gnome Sweet Gnome
As concerns the art of living, the material is your own life.
I got up late that day. For some reason, there are so many nights where I wake up at least 3 times. Once around 7/8. Then around 9/10. And finally around 11/12 when I realize, “Shit! I just wasted half the day! Time to get up and do something!” My parents told me the appointment was at 3 so I did whatever I needed to do to be ready before then. I was ready by 2:15. We got there at 3:10. I thought we were late. We sign in with the receptionist and we are told to wait. While waiting, I ask my mom why we have to wait if we have an appointment. Then she tells me the appointment is actually at 3:45.
Tanning beds are a terrific way to stay looking good and with a little care combined with following these tanning bed tips you should enjoy a great looking tan without any problems.
Fifteen – Taylor Swift
On 4th October 1922, at the age of 52, Marie Lloyd was appearing at the Empire Music Hall in Edmonton, London and the last song in her act was her famous ‘It’s a Bit of a Ruin That Cromwell Knocked About a Bit’.
Getting into producing the latest years, and trying to find his own sound is now succeeded. The sound of Unifite is here to stay!
In Kenya for example, which is considered as high power distance, bypassing a supervisor or any other superior would be considered insubordination. When we look at the low power distance countries, such as America the lines between superiors and subordinates are often blurred. It is perfectly acceptable in America, for example, that supervisors can mingle with subordinates as equals within a social setting.
Yeah. Fantastic, right?
Let’s be ourselves!
Many of the crew and men from the stokehold were lined up, with apparently not a thought of attempting to get into a boat without orders. Purser H.W. McElroy, as brave and as fine a man as ever lived, was standing up in the next to last boat, loading it. Two men, I think they were dining-room stewards, dropped into the boat from the deck above. As they jumped, he fired twice into the air. I do not believe they were hit, but they were quickly thrown out. McElroy did not take a boat and was not saved. I should say that all this took place on “A” deck, just under the boat deck.
First wedding of 2012!! Yay!! Wedding season has begun and we are so excited and ready!!
Though the original recipe was called this All purpose flour Dosa, I prefer to call it Maida Coconut Dosa.
This will make 24 muffins. I have doubled this recipe and it works very well. Good to have some extra muffins on hand in the freezer. (Okay, I know some of you are thinking "24 muffins WOULD give me some extra muffins for the freezer, crazy woman!" True enough. Double it and you'll have extra extras!) ;-)
First Impression: Once I opened the box, I fell in love. Jeans are the keystone to any wardrobe and I just found that essential favorite pair. Miraclebody Jeans are trendy, gorgeous, and oh so flattering!!! As soon as I got them I grabbed them and ran into my daughter's room, the room with the sky high mirrored wardrobe. I am in love! I have lost twenty pounds so far and Miraclebody Jeans aesthetically take off another ten! So I was looking at my body only 10 pounds from my goal, and it felt so good! I actually found an excuse to visit my husband at work that day, and he was not disappointed!
05 1979
Pitch black is my favorite movie with Vin Diesel as he begins playing the character Riddick sadly this is the only movie with Riddick in that is any good, but it is very good although critical reviews weren’t high viewers have given pitch black a cult status in the genre.
I chatted with Jake across the room, asking how Jack was (he was perfect). I really wanted blue Gatorade to drink. They brought Jack back to my arms and Jake and I stared at the amazing little creature that we created. WOW. They took Jack to the nursery to assess him, which I was not happy about- I didn’t want to be away from my baby
American goods had a huge impact on Europe after the war, and not just the huge quantities of their military surplus which provided cheap and practical clothing either. Americans donated tons of second-hand civilian clothing, which were shipped over and distributed in local markets in some of the most devastated areas in Europe. In Poland this gave rise to the phenomenon of the 'Bikini Boys,' who proudly wore flamboyant American leisure wear, flourescent-bright socks and the luridly hand-painted ties which earned them their nickname. I wonder if that civilian clothing reached Paris too? You'd expect the Zazous to have feasted upon it!
Studies show that up to 25% of an average workday can be spent dealing with conflict. From your perspective, what does this mean for our mental and psychological health?
I think fat people should have more sports that they can participate in, other than eating contests, which are always won by some Jap that maybe weighs 90 lbs. dripping wet, and I think they should copy the Segway people, who have invented "Segway polo." The fat scooter people can play polo with hooks instead of polo clubs, and use doughnuts instead of polo balls. Breaks will be allowed for cigarettes and oxygen tank recharging. It will be very patriotic, as only Americans will be fat enough to join. Sign up now.
2. Stop writing the scene before you resolve this problem, or you must introduce a new one. So, you should stop the scene at the line: Five minutes before the deadline.
We can't wait to see what you make for this challenge!
She just doesn't quite react to rewards so that doesn't work, bribes don't work, and quite frankly, she may shows 98% of the signs of being ready to potty train but the other 2% she's not and that 2% is a big deal. She needs to be really 100% ready and so do we. I'm praying that this failed attempt doesn't make her regress even more. I think that is why we are going to wait until closer to 3 yrs old, until maybe she gets a better understanding of what's going on.
“Zanna’s come home then?” Barbara asked stiffly. She straightened to her full height, her face registering disapproval and then hope. “So the ceremony’ll go on as though nothin’–?”
She runs back and tells the guy all he gets for thirty bucks is a hand job. He agrees. She gets in the car. He unzips his pants, and out pops this HUGE length. She stares at it for a minute, and then says, "I'll be right back."
Funny, but I imagine they would have so much to talk about at my funeral!
-131 Christians Everyone Should Know
So, it started with some digging in the ol' stash pile (that is not getting smaller!) where I found a papier mache heart ornament that's been there a while and some scraps of felt from a project three years ago.
96. Every since we got our new furniture, I love haning out in my living room!!
02 - Dead And Gone 03:33
For Catholic men between 18 and 35 years of age (under 18 please contact us).
The Liebster Blog Award promotes blogs with less than 200 followers, as a way to get their names out there. Liebster means, 'beloved or dearest', but it can also mean 'favorite'.
Isn't that funny? Our girls have the same bookcase! Ok, I am sure it is not that funny, but just work with me here.
I tried to just mix it thoroughly but as Roarke is afraid of my hand mixer and my food processor, there was only so much I could do!
The movie, Halloween, and its many sequels holds some vivid memories for me, but the most vivid is the very first one......Halloween. It was a whole new dimension of "scary" for me.
A person copying, drawing, photographing or video-recording such artworks as provided in the preceding paragraph may make use of his or her production in a reasonable manner and scope, which will not constitute an infringement upon the aforementioned artworks.
It should be noted that no product made from cane sugar, nor any product distilled above 95% ABV (i.e., vodka) is whiskey. Even the Piedmont product, which is made mostly from corn, is not whiskey because they distill it to vodka alcohol levels and, in fact, it is classified as vodka; which it says, in very small type, on the label.
Premeditated is a 60,000 word contemporary YA novel. Chapters or a synopsis are available on request.
Since my sister-in-law was in town we decided to check out Peeps Fest with the kids. What kid wouldn't want to see a big yellow fiberglass chicken drop from the sky? The Peep drop was also at 6:15 pm so it wasn't past any of our bedtimes. Why were they dropping a Peep? Just Born, the maker of Peeps is based in Bethlehem.
What you may not realize is that making smaller adjustments to your existing site is like adding on a room to a house that is about to fall apart.
Daria Plyushco
In a post-season news conference, Brian Burke, president and general manager of the Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team, announced he is planning to revamp the team for next year.
Big hugs to you al!
Last night I fried up some quartered plantains first of all, then setting them aside, used the same hot pan to cook a bunch of onions and garlic. It doesn't matter whether they stay hot because you are just going to add them into your beans.
HEAD
“Okay Secretary Penfold. Would you mind telling me what this is about?”
She's The One 7:09
I don’t think so either.
Spencer has had a busy month. He has been growing bigger and trying lots of new things. He is all smiles and giggles as long as he is well rested and has a full tummy. He has also started eating solid foods this month. It took a couple of weeks for Spencer to get the hang of eating, but now he is loving his rice cereal and bananas for breakfast and sweet potatoes for dinner. That is all he has tried so far.
I have been away for way too long. I appreciate everyone who reached out & told me to come back to my blog. Hehe, I've just been out & about enjoying life outside the computer world. I haven't done much to my nails in the past month because of all the tears & breakage I've been experiencing. In that time I was able to finally organize & document all my polishes into a spreadsheet.
Griffin's eldest son joined the Army for all the reasons listed on recruitment posters. He wanted to serve his nation and straighten himself out in the process.
Hats
a man cant hear
they’re tailgating
The chart I'm looking at appears in On Combat, by Lt. Col. Dave Grossman and Loren W. Christensen. It's a highly informative look at the physical and psychological effects of combat and I'm working my way through it just barely in time for the part of the story I'm working on.
-myspace
Why set pear upon those river-banks
My understanding of the effects of neocortical inhibition in childbirth has been reactivated about ten years later through another significant anecdote. A young mother was celebrating the birth of her one day old baby in a double bedroom. Her neighbour was in prelabour. This is how glasses of champagne were exchanged. The effect of champagne was so spectacular that a baby was born through a ‘fetus ejection reflex’ on the way to the birthing room.3 It is well known that champagne is a special wine. Thanks to the bubbles, alcohol is brought immediately to the brain. The ability of alcohol to change human consciousness has been known for ages. Today we understand how alcohol works: one of its effects is to bind to the GABA receptors.4
I understand that it's apparently so important that our members are rushed into an early decision that it is unavoidable that the ballot must open during the Easter Holidays. Since we all know that women bear the lionesses' share of the burden of childcare and may therefore be disproportionately likely to be absent from the workplace - and from related workplace discussion - when the ballot opens, I can only conclude that it's a good job that our Union isn't bothered about such matters.
Notice how DIET is a four letter word? Why yes it is Steph.
She planned the series using “the most enormous map of Greece” that was covered in stickers and bits of string as she mapped out Atticus’ journey and the stories he would tell. The books will lead up to Atticus’ arrival in Troy for the storytelling festival, when he will tell the story of the Iliad. “I have been to a place they believe was Troy and it made me realise how tiny it is. I had never understood how Hector’s body could have been dragged around the city walls and then I understood, because the city was really small.”
Don't you love that face?
Ack Ack Ack
They do not tell us about the soul-level injury that capitalism and patriarchy have combined to create. They do not tell us about that precise point at which female sexuality is severed from the self. They do not tell us about what it means in the mind and the heart and the spirit, when you’ve been paid to say ‘yes’ and behave ‘yes’ and perform ‘yes’, so that you are mute – and rendered mute by the very reality of the transaction that has bought your silence – but everything non-audible that makes up who you are is silently screaming ‘NO’.
Bazzill Basics Clear Self Adhesive Jewels
Quote 1
(I have to point out those adorable green Wellies on the child in the print on the right. At first glance, the art could've been meant for a baby boy's room but Jen intended it to be a depiction of a mini Patrick, aka Baby Daddy. Ha!)
Another person's story (someone she actually care quite a bit about) starts here so she's going to omit every Pertinent Detail, all sort. But Joe? Well. There's another story --and where his story meets hers: fair game.
At the age of three months, Paterson contracted an ear infection which spread to his optic nerve, leaving him with no sight in his left eye and severely limited vision in his right. Since New York City public schools would not guarantee him an education without placing him in special education classes, his family bought a home in the Long Island suburb of South Hempstead so that he could attend mainstream classes there. Paterson was the first disabled student in the Hempstead public schools, graduating from Hempstead High School in 1971.
I don’t know if a historical mystery can also be classified as a “cozy” but it fits with this book. The book cover calls it a “Leonardo da Vinci Mystery”. Leonardo is not really the crime solver, however. It is Dino, his apprentice, that takes front stage.
SH: I would clean to my standards, not yours.
8. How many social networks do you belong to..if you had to give up one, what would it be?
After we’d dried off and were feeling quite invigorated and refreshed we went and had a look at the Royal – as seen above! It was a bit difficult to find lunch – we had intended to have lunch at Jamie’s Italian, but the queue put us off and so we just went and found a little place that was rather amusing cos they didn’t quite seem to have their act together, but the food was ok!
But just because we were in a photogenic windmill didn’t mean the family members were off the hook. Here is dad, giving me his version of the classic “Why are you taking my photo yet again?” look that has been perfected by my various male relatives in the last few months.
She taught him everything. She was patient and careful with him. Her back injury healed up and she taught him to do show jumping. She loves him. He lets her have things her way. He never fights her. If she turns and runs the other way or if she is setting the tempo a little too high, he never complains. She is glowing when he rides her in a way she never did with me.
With that said, I still felt so lazy compared to this people. It was obvious each and everyone had worked hard to be in this particular marathon. I mean it’s hard to train and still find time to play your tambourine.
Here’s some photos of the seed heads from the poor old fennel – note the little snail whose grandparents probably ate the rest!
My pastor says God is a risk taker.
Anna says: I totally agree.
So today when I go back into the studio. (After another cup of coffee)
I don’t mean their backyards or even their cities or counties. Many know those, and know them well. But we live in a nation that stretches from ocean to ocean, and it is so often not explored, and can be done for a fraction of the cost of international travel. Before Paris (though it is well worth your time), perhaps spend some time in Maine, eating lobster rolls and looking out from historical lighthouses. Or watch the leaves change in New Hampshire with Europeans who fly over here to watch it. Visit some of the battlefields of Pennsylvania and Virginia where our country’s future, for better or worse, was decided during the War to Prevent Southern Independence. Sit by the banks of the majestic lakes we call Great, which are so vast, that if they were to be emptied, would cover the entire country in two feet of water. Marvel at the breathtaking majesty of Half-Dome in Yosemite, the Falls in Niagara, or the Canyon in Arizona. This is to say nothing of the food, culture, and heritage of New Orleans, San Antonio, Louisville, Charleston, Richmond, and a hundred similarly-sized cities in between. Be dazzled by the all-encompassing greenness of Seattle, the majesty of Fort Hood on an early Portland morning, the endless quality of Lake Coeur d’Alene, the silence of Whitefish Lake in Montana on a Sunday morning, the quiet rushing of the waters of the still (no matter how much we drain it) mighty Colorado as you wind your way across that state on I-70. Quietly enjoy a California sunset, or let the warm Gulf waters tease your toes…
to the sun.
Try finding a curb where you can easily get to the upper portion of it. Practice at a moderate speed, standing and coasting right off the curb from the upper level to the lower level. Try this at different speeds until it becomes second nature.
Traditional toothbrushes and shaving razors seems like such a waste. Their lifespan is often short and the unrecyclable waste ends up cluttering landfills. Not to mention the cost of “disposable” adds up in the long run. Our shaving razors have been replaced by straight blades (with nary a cut a sight for Jacob!) and we’ve found a new solution to our on-the-go toothbrushes – the Environmental Toothbrush!
Amarys is fourteen months! Nutty. In fact, I call Amarys 'Peanutty' and 'Peanut Butter' as variations of 'Peanut' all the time, so it is appropriate that it feels nutty that she is growing in leaps and bounds. Dudes, she's growing up at warp speed~the more kids I have, the faster it goes... I just love her so much. Which shouldn't surprise me anymore, since I love all my kids so much, but it really does feel astonishing that I can hold so much love for another being inside me, and not split open and die. Multiplied by four. How is there room in me for so much love?
Details will be included with your kit! All for $25!
I tug my beard with respect at Just Breathe - for a new blogger on the block she’s seamlessly entered this bizarre collection of misfits and it feels like she’s always been here.
Factory Records Fac 213
No excuse for your groomsmen looking anything less than spectacular now. Click yourself over to their Etsy shop to ensure they look dapper for your big day. We understand though if you don’t want them looking prettier than you. It’s just like dating Brad Pitt.
“Oh shit!” So I ate a bit of placenta, and there were no more gushes, and I started to perk right up. Then I remembered the chocolate. “Hey, we have chocolate!”
Just to make my reasoning clear to my readers, the government can fund but will not force anyone to abort but it can stop funding for health care, the unemployed, food for the needy, education, affordable housing thus forcing a less Christian world on the disadvantaged in general.
To which I took to interpret
9. Autumn Leaves
I've gotten pretty good at treading water.
As long as it remained a single issue protest group against Islamisation, then it remains legal - the moment it embraces political goals it self criminalises itself.
I pulled it out, handed it to him.
42. Prominent Universal Director Edward Laemmle was the nephew of Universal Founder Carl Laemmle. He directed over 60 films (including shorts) for Universal.
I've taken a blogging break the past couple weeks. I went back to work this week, only part time, but I really needed to finish up my "maternity leave to do list." Sick, I know! But we had so many things that had to be done during the day and while someone was at the house or stuff that I've been meaning to get to for some time like having our tubs fixed and cleaning out the toys in the basement. I'm also really big about schedules. I have to keep to somewhat of a set schedule, at least during the week when I'm working, or I'll go mad. There is just no way to get everything done unless you do a little bit each day. Obviously since our family has grown, so has our daily "to do list" like extra laundry and dirty dishes and it's also impossible to go shopping with Luke and Brooke, so that has had to change as well.
I pulled the back lid off and started tinkering with the mechanical innards, but nothing worked. My cow patty was not going anywhere.
These goals fall within the overall plan that maintains the mission statement, “The Halton District School Board is committed to every student”. The plan also continues its focus on the values of relationships, responsibility and ingenuity.
Just look up and down, never lose sight of what’s in front of you and always watch where you step.
But we're both in New York State, which I think is a consent state.
seems to recur since the protests started in Bahrain this year. Right after the death of Al-Gassab, news of Zainab's arrest circulated online. It was confirmed by the head of Bahrain Human Rights Center Nabeel Rajab and her sister Maryam Al-Khawaja. With her arrest, 28-year-old Zainab, mother of a 2-year-old girl, becomes the fourth member of her family to get arrested after her father, her brother-in-law, and her husband. She has always been vocal against the regime especially through her Twitter account which she uses to post updates from the protests that have rocked her country since February 14.
People do others’ jobs for them all the time
Blend again.
And then I remembered…
In exactly 3 hours and 39 minutes we will be receiving the keys to the new house! Happy Key Day!!! Well at least to me and my family!
“He told them, ‘There will NEVER be a time when enough is enough. I want to live no matter what.”
In addition to that, /ck/ was also the mastermind behind the KFC double down, (which is delicious, but will leave your arteries crying out in agony). They were also the unofficial inventors of the El Niño, or the gigantic pizza-turned-taco, its hamburger counterpart, as well as microwave brownies and countless sausage-bacon-ham artery bomb concoctions.
Even if I find a way to attend this year it doesn’t end here. Because the same issues will come up year after year. We’re so far behind on financial accessibility. And every time something comes up it’s like a big slap in the face.
If you envision vibrant jewel tones, contagious singing and dancing, and a visual delight of ceremony and fashion you are right on! This was actually the fifth Indian (Hindu) wedding I've attended but my first one in this region. The wedding venue, Neemrana Fort-Palace, only added to the romantic vibe of the occasion. The beautiful arches and architecture hailed from 1464 and have been restored in beautiful detail. I'll write a separate review about the Fort because it was really lovely. It was quite an experience walking on such lovely and historic grounds. The warm colors and grand spaces just enhanced the beauty of the wedding itself (really when will you witness a wedding in an amphitheater?!)
No one has been struck by a car since the installation.
I bumped into a former coworker in the starting corral and we chatted about the icky weather. I really hoped the wind that was predicted wouldn't be blowing us all over the lakefront path and that the light rain wouldn't devolve into the pouring mess I encountered at the March Madness Half Marathon.
At this point, I'm just trying to find ways to convince her otherwise because of the potential side effects... Skin cancer, rash, abrasive dermatological hypersensitivity (okay I admit I knew nothing about this stuff so I had to make it up). But still! A quick search on the web revealed that you would expect all of the easily foreseeable side effects.
In keeping with her other books, Patchett does a tremendous job with the setting. I could picture Hotel Louisa and the surrounding Kentucky landscape easily in my mind. I loved her description of the few weeks a girl could actually lay on the ground between winter and the time when heat and bugs made it impossible.
Boys, Bears, and a Serious Pair of Hiking Boots by Abby McDonald (ARC)
1. Susan Cheever, My Name Is Bill, pg.207
And when I look at the sport in terms of event difficulty, I don’t rank the 5000/10000 in the same vein as I do the half marathon, marathon or multi events – events that take a tremendous toll on the body and that take serious time to recover. Looking at those events for comparison I see the typical elite decathlete competing two or three times a year, and marathoners competing in two or three marathons a year, plus one or two half marathons. Given that rate of competition for those “strenuous” events, I consider five or six races for a 5/10K runner to be rather lite.
There is just about nothing better than a great pint of real ale. Pair that up with some good friends, Redbones pulled pork, and an Anna's burrito as a nightcap and you have the recipe for a fantastic Wednesday night. Yes a Wednesday night--when you love good beer you make these kinds of sacrifices!
agus.
Well where to begin? So many things to say , I have been very neglectful of my beautiful blog and being the perfectionist that i am i thought that i would start from scratch again and deleted all my old posts,
Bit of Butter
Scripts for original 5-minute plays are now being accepted by the Swift Satire Festival, Trim, Co Meath, for performance during this year’s festival on Sunday, July 8.
They danced to Blues music. Middle boy practiced spell-casting in the backyard with his wand that he whittled and embellished on his own. They listened to a bit of The Iliad on CD, and we talked about how one wouldn't know how to pronounce some of the names unless you heard them first.
So I settled down into his outstretched arms, so warm and welcoming,
At first it was annoying - remember the "What If We Said Just Wait?" petition, started by a priest out in Seattle? I think that had more anonymous signatures than actual names. In any case, that project has lost much of its momentum.
The impact is further than the kids and the parents. It's the whole community. I'm fortunate enough to be able to pop into work for few hours and work virtually the rest of the day. However, another colleague isn't able to work virtually, so he needed to take a day off. This meant, his team needed to balance their load around his sudden time off. His clients may have needed him, but he wasn't available. Someone else paid for a babysitter for her twins while she went to work; the next day she swapped with someone else so she could stay home. Others are sending their kids to grandparents' and relatives' homes.
i'm not sure if it disturbed me because of the word 'emits' or that it's the MOST pleasant 'smell' she's ever come across or that i can't imagine that her vagina could smell more wonderful than, say, jasmine or buttered popcorn...
On the roadsides, the author continues, there were people waving hands with banners and message boards like “Welcome back,” “Thank you,” “Let’s Keep it up, Tohoku,” and “Let’s stay connected.” Passengers in the train waved back, the train operator also replied with a whistle, and the conductors waved hands from open windows!
Karl Blake Babys In Grey (Normal)
They found an experiment in our new experiment book for growing crystals. But the one in the book just had them grow crystals with "washing soda" (it's a British book). Boring! OK, they probably grow faster, but honestly... wouldn't you rather grow crystals with sugar? Yum.
Superior
fun.
I bought a large canvas from Michael's and used some leftover paint from other projects. I know that my piece does not look exactly like the original and that is how I wanted it. This is inspired by Amanda's piece.
8 Name & address of location at which the work is to be done
and we had a wonderful time doing that
Cooking time came down to 27 minutes on medium-high. Came out beautiful! Three times the charm, because I used this method above and treated it like a biryani rice, an Indian rice. Add chopped red onion, tomatoes, and cilantro just before done.
That one vase was my inspiration to keep going with the color infusion!
God doesn't always bring us full circle, but in this circumstance I have the difficult and yet amazing opportunity to stand where my friends stood years ago. It's so fascinating to me how He works.
Four or five years ago, I used to draw or paint ACEOs, ATCs, tiny pictures, whatever you want to call them, to sell on Ebay. I haven't drawn or painted any in quite a while. Today I decided to illustrate my Santa from the above mentioned post, along with Amy sleeping under the Christmas tree.
So as we are halfway through the year and I'm feeling kind of pleased with myself I thought I'd have a little reflection time and pat myself on the back.
This time you are born
She's growing up.
And had fun!
A few weeks ago, Kathleen’s physician, Dr. Ferrara, the middle-aged Casanova who had put his hand on the small of Claire’s back unabashedly in front of her mother, told Kathleen that there was nothing more they could do. The cancer was too strong and the treatments that had made her feel hollow and bloodless had ceased to be effective. All there left was to wait. She had been living with Claire for a little under a year and it seemed like the right choice at the time. Claire’s suburb was closer to the hospital; it would be good for her to be around family. Even when she first moved in she knew she didn’t fit into the perfect little life that Claire and her husband Corey had created for themselves. Kathleen felt like a burden, tiptoeing around the hardwood floors of the living room at nights when she couldn’t sleep, inevitably waking Claire who would never complain but would look even more weary than usual the next day at 6 o’clock when she arose to help Nate off to school, and then head to the accounting office where she worked. Claire was there with the handfuls of pills for her mother every morning, always smiling, though they hadn’t had anything to talk about since Claire was about 15 and started caring more for books than for gardening.
Hugs and laughter mend the brokeness. I give myself permission to feel all of the feelings I need to feel to allow myself to heal. I feel the intense sadness. I embrace the fear of the unknown future.
13. The German smokes Prince
Cucumber (half)
Then one morning, she decides she needs to get out of her dark hole. She needs to get out and into the bright blue world. She gets ready and she puts on her sexiest, cutest outfit.
3nos Curry leaves
5 – And keep it short. The guests are there to mingle and dance so keep your speech or toast to less than 2 minutes. Longer speeches can be said at the rehearsal dinner the night before.
‘I’ve cried so hard, for those kids, for their poor families. And it’s going to happen here too, it’s happening already, look at the exponentially rising cancer statistics. Wait until we start getting babies born in Berkshire with their intestines on the outside.
But then I'd miss you choosing
One the most ingenious aspects of the community is the main communal bathroom, called a baño seco or "dry bathroom" as it is flushless and requires no traditional plumbing. This is not your average hole in the ground toilet, however! The toilet bowl is separated into two sections, for number one and number two, respectively. After doing number two, all that is needed is a scoop of dirt from the handy dirt container located next to the trash can. This goes into a recepticle apart from the urine and can be used as fertilizer, along with the toilet paper that is disgarded here as well.
His repulsion used to be expressed in a mere facial tic, like a cat thinking of a dog, maybe, an involuntary spasm. Then the notion of sell-by dates, and my woeful inattention to same, upped the ante, upgrading the distaste to a revulsion. Now I have to explain and vindicate the welfare and housing arrangements of every piece of chicken that enters the house. It is always apartheid chicken, segregated into its personal wing of the fridge, on its individual Rule 45, kept apart for its own protection, and that of others as he all but hears the Salmonella cells doubling and quadrupling, breeding and breathing, thickening the air, calling to maggots and E coli, summoning its hellish cohorts, its partners in grime.
The weather is still cool and damp, like a typical spring, in fact, more spring-like than our strangely wimpy winter which definitely lacked in winter-ness.
3. Just for the heck of reading some short story everyday and feel good about it.
The problem with placing someone on a pedestal is that once they’re gone, no one else can ever measure up. No Alabama fan ever remembers that Bear Bryant went eight straight bowl games without a victory, but every coach that ever came through Tuscaloosa after him was compared to his image. Holding someone up to “legendary” status is like buying a classic car. It looks great, but the real thing never measures up to the memory.
BLANCO - Real Ale Brewing has rebranded its product labels and related packaging materials, including some designs featuring local Austin artists.
Aspie talent 6.8 Above average
I hope that this is useful to you.
According to an October report of the incident by the Miami Dade Schools Police, obtained by the Miami Herald, Trayvon never received any punishment for the jewellery because he said it was not his and it belonged to a friend.
Oh. Crap. They know. They know about Kathleen. They know that we killed her. And now we're about to be arrested.
OBSTACLES: Probably won’t appeal much to younger audiences unless they’re incredibly open-minded.
it is one of the finest acted movies, that takes you through an emotional safari… and the sound of silence makes it loud and clear that an Artist has no boundaries… he can sail as long as new horizons keep showing…
Until the next sniff, sip quaff or half bottle,
Here’s the thing about car crashes. The cliche is that it all happens in slow motion, but I don’t understand that. I have now both seen and been part of a car accident and I am going to call a royally huge BS on that cliche. Crashes happen so fast. It is absolutely instant. That is why they are called a CRASH. dictionary.com defines a ‘crash’ as:
2:18: Titanic reaches a disturbing 50 degree angle, which causes anything not bolted down to slide towards the bow. The lights go out, and then the ship breaks in half. The bow section sinks, but the stern rights itself temporarily.
LET COOL for 5-6 hours
Showing no fear of passers-by
The creatures all hid in their dens,none willing to lend a hand.
*Aidan turned 6 in July.
When I say the name Dr. Scholls what comes to mind?!
10 your favourite bands/artists/composers of all time?
150g unsalted butter
It’s simple and so very complex at once. A book may provide the knowledge but expertise comes from the journey, from experience. Each journey begins and ends differently. Sometimes it may feel to be the most graceful and natural practice in the world and other times may seriously challenge us. For example, I probably have the most trouble with a little yama known as satya, truthfulness. It’s not that I’m telling lies or making stories out of whole cloth. It’s more of a taking ownership of mistakes or decisions that didn’t work out, which is a truthfulness towards oneself. Sometimes, I get into the blame-the-other for my own misfortune. Again, truthfulness. This is yoga in the daily life, moment to moment. This is where we form the union between our body selves (mind and body as one) and the spiritual/mystical side. It gets squishy right here because, no matter what you believe and answer to (god, goddess, spirit, soul, universal forces, yourself), there seems to be some greater good. How we get there, what vehicle we use, is our decision.
Melt me. Mold me. Fill me. Use me.
Yes, it is home - for now - and it will never be home at all. Some people never fit into some landscapes.
So possibly the loss of memory has it's upside - for him, that is. He may forget all this stuff but sadly, it's going to be clogging up my neural pathways for some time to come.
I mentioned about the scale of anger- and my reactions if I had have dealt with it a second time that evening. It happened around 8.30, and around 9.00 I'd have done the bucket thing... in fact I sploshed some floor cleaner and water around the outside of the garage after my visitor, as you do... and left some water in the bucket by the front door just in case. He didn't show. Good- maybe the strong arm of the Friday Night Law did catch up with him before he hopped on his bus. Saddo.
Galloway’s independent support numbers a mere 4% shift in vote, on top of the combined block abandoning all the other parties. The academic analysis is just as divorced from the reality happening on the ground as the political punditry.
On the other hand, they are an instant and easy way of adding volume, and they surely wouldn’t have such a huge celebrity following if they weren’t any good? Or am I just trying to convince myself?
It was the end of Summer 2008. I’d had a bit of a year. A lengthy period of ill health had kept me off work for four months. My wonderful father in law had passed away. I had returned to work, eased back by performing a new less challenging role to protect my fragile state of mind. My confidence was low. The ability to enjoy life had become a challenge. My family and friends had suffered great concern for me. I struggled to cope with guilt for the worry I had caused them. But, by the end of the Summer I was starting to emerge. Slowly regaining the characteristics which made me the person people knew. I’d taken the tablets, talked things through, put ‘stuff’ in order. I was beginning to live again.
Yesterday morning, The Man said his farewell to Lester before leaving for work. The Girls gave their before heading out to school. They were very brave, and no tears were shed. After the trauma of our loss a year ago, they were, obviously more prepared than I for the void about to be created in our lives. Once everyone had been delivered to their obligatory places, it was up to me. So, with a heart as heavy as stone, yet as fragile as glass, I pulled up my bootstraps, gathered him in his favorite blanket, and drove the half mile to the vet, with him in my lap. For his last visit. It was time to say goodbye to our precious doggie after 13.5 years. He was suffering, and we all knew it. It was the right thing to do, because he needed to rest peacefully.
But is that how you capitalize on an investment?
Just like Lazarus?
…not to mention all things they don’t learn that put Christianity, America, capitalism, business, marriage and Western civilization in a positive light. I worry about how they will act and vote and demand entitlements from government to “equalize” their life outcomes after they make self-destructive decisions based on what they learned in school. And many of them are growing up without fathers which brings a whole host of other problems. But I am not too worried about this because I can always pick up and move somewhere else if things get really bad here.
Lots of things are coming up. Have lots of little squash on the plants, tons of tomatoes, saw a few flowers on a couple of bell pepper plants but not many. I just planted the watermelon and canteloupe so not sure if those will even fruit up before summer is over, but fingers crossed! Kids have pulled several tiny tomatoes off of the plants, hoping they will let the others keep growing so we can continue with my master plan of making spagetti sauce.
· Freight loading of 1,025 MT targeted; 55 MT more than 2011-12
In my room, withal that is you, surrounding me, devouring me, making novelty of me
Sketching just outlines
Until next time, take it easy.
Veggies I keep in plenty:
COMPETITION RULES AND DETAILS:
then on thursday i need to
It’s no lie to say that many people worldwide have been affected by the tragic death of an icon. Adam Yauch, Rest In Peace. I will be blasting the Beastie Boys all week.
New policies? New opportunities, new jobs, or new wealth? The complexity and effects of “new” cannot be overstated.
It’s incredibly subtle and deeply rooted that it takes a lot of introspection to observe it. It’s the perfect prison – one you can’t see, smell or touch.
Not every solution will work everywhere. Power outages were a regular feature of our trip to India, occurring nearly once an hour at our hotel outside Delhi and often during our stay in Varanasi. Access to reliable, basic amenities is not something many people outside the West have the luxury of enjoying. Without access to reliable power supply or mobile phone towers, many of the technological solutions that make our lives easier cannot work for people in places like Varanasi. This problem of access – to any number of resources, large or small – underscores that many solutions work in one context but not another. Though adaptability is a fact of life for many people around the world, as development professionals seeking to make their lives a little (and hopefully, a lot) easier, we must take context and culture into account when designing products aimed at transforming the lives of the poor. We need to ask ourselves questions like, do they have electricity or internet connectivity? Is it culturally acceptable for a woman to own a mobile phone? How will culture shape the management of a partner institution? These questions will save us a lot of angst and save our clients – both the institutions and the people – a lot of one of their most scarce resources: time.
First of all I would like to wish to all of you my friends a Very Happy and Loving New Year. I hope that 2011 really good things will happen to your lives this coming year.
And then there's Brennan. Yesterday he got to the point where he just flat out screamed when we tried to feed him baby food-- still stage 2, mind you. I took him to the doctor who finally gave him some medicine for a sinus infection (we've either been to the doctor or called the doctor at least once every two weeks since all this nastiness began with him at the beginning of November). She looked at his tonsils though and described them as "generous." Once we clear up the sinus infection, we'll take a look at his tonsils again and see if they need to come out. So my sweet boy may not have a sensitive gag reflex after all. His large tonsils could be causing him pain when he swallows thick, lumpy food. As a result of not eating a lot of solids, my guy has only gained about a pound in 3 months. Again, it's all temporary and I have to remind myself that once he's taken all of his antibiotic and if it comes to surgery, that afterwards he'll be better.
Yuh could bring it in a bottle,
Matt Inbusch worked as an intern for Grameen Foundation’s Marketing and Communications team during the spring of 2012.
Kenney said the fish had been caught the day before off Heeia, and since they didn't know what it would be, its name wasn't on the printed menu that accompanied each place setting. The menu noted fresh fish from Kaneohe Bay.
May you feel some good mojo today!
But traits that build integrity are best.
Step 1: Get a travel pass, which can be ordered from the internet
"The families are hoping to have their Constitutional rights vindicated," their attorney William J. Becker Jr. said Wednesday by phone.
SATO M, SAITO R, TANABE N, NISHIKAWA M, SASAKI A, GEJYO F, SUZUKI H. Antibody response to influenza vaccination in nursing home residents and healthcare workers during four successive seasons in Niigata, Japan. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2005; 26: 859-866.
Baby wipes ( Bulk & Travel size)
Something Borrowed: 16th between 8th & 9th; Court and Joralemon in Brooklyn Heights; Brooklyn Law School Library in the Crea reading room
Principles:
It was a serious wake-up call. I had no idea how competitive the publishing world was or how much work it was going to take to break in. My query letter had been adequate, but not nearly original or polished enough to catch a busy agent’s eye. But more important, I hadn’t earned my writing chops yet. I’d jumped into novel writing without ever having studied craft, plotting, pacing, or characterization. And I certainly hadn’t put in the requisite time revising and editing my manuscript to make it sing. This was long, long ago in the blissful world of “Before.”
Iván Meade - Who or what has influenced your style aside from nature itself?
In this first picture, this is actually M. Look at that stance. He is A Natural!
13:30 GMT: Jeune Afrique reports that junta troops have attacked the Djicoroni base that is home to the airborne regiment and presidential guard. A friend speaking on the phone with relatives in Djicoroni could hear the sound of heavy gunfire.
Drawn a blank when your child asked for help with English grammar homework?
And in the midst, 'mong thousand heraldries,
But she insisted
I poured out the beer, as usual, in the evening, when the light was crappy. My photos are not worth reproducing, so we'll have to rely on description. It pours thickly, but rouses a nice off-white head. The color is amber, as in the gem, with rich orange highlights. (At least, it does when you hold it in front of a light.) The nose is spicy and alcoholic, quite a bit like an English barleywine.
You will get many flowers,
I’d shout it from the roof tops
1. The bride forgot to tell the groom they were getting married
She now takes on the role of Kiera Cameron in Continuum. Kiera is a tough, sexy protector for CPS (City Protective Services) in the year 2077. She has a loving husband, Gregg, and son, Sam.
So Irvine talks about how stoicism is living the act of living life free of "anger, anxiety, fear, grief, and envy." by exercising the "paradoxical recipe for happiness," that includes the practice of "negative visualization." This is done by vividly imagining worst-case scenarios -- the death of a child, financial catastrophe, ruined health. For example, we imagine ourselves homeless - and instead of striving for an extravagant house, we learn to appreciate the house we currently reside in. Basically, we appreciate people/things more when we see that your time is fleeting with them/it. I find myself doing this all the time! But it goes 50/50, I relish the moments with person/thing but the other half of the time I'm hastily grieving about losing them/it...
I received a note today from my son’s preschool teacher. There was a smiley face on top, but I still assumed that my little guy had done something naughty. He had not. She said she just wanted to make sure she remembered the story exactly right for me. You can imagine why we love our preschool teacher! This is what the note said:
I made two sets, one pink and one blue.
Placebo Special K UK
rest of the afternoon.
The sea was mottled aquamarine and turquoise with only the gentlest of motion. We headed in the camper a few kilometres to Golden Beach Kayaks and hired a couple of kayaks for two hours. After a quick safety briefing we paired up and got into our skirts and life jackets. Aaron was in the front with me and Jacob headed up Michelle’s kayak. I have never used a rudder before in a canoe and it made the whole experience much easier, especially with Aaron’s erratic paddling.
It took a while for the politicians to realise the complete nature of the system devised under the 12th Amendment. The first democratic government of Begum Zia started out being tolerant, but spooked by a series of set back halfway through its term, they changed tack. The then opposition for its part saw nothing to gain from co-operating. Hardline actions by one side resulted in hardline actions by the other. The Hasina Wajed government realised that the opposition can be muzzled within the democratic set up and election results could be ‘engineered’. The second Begum Zia government, of course, turned these into an art form.
NOW BECOME A BATTLESHIP IN HIS KINGDOM!
This being my first marathon, every long run I did (beyond 13 miles) was the longest I had ever run. I did an ice bath after every single one and I was never sore, not once. Prior to marathon training, I only ever felt like I needed to ice my joints. But marathon runs were fatiguing my hips, my calves, my quads / hamstrings, AND all my joints. Not to mention… my feet were KILLING me after long runs. At one point I was actually a little concerned about getting a stress fracture, but that’s a story for another day. Anyways, I digress. Ice baths were the perfect solution to icing down my entire lower half, and allowing me to train for the entire marathon with no soreness. In fact, I took an ice bath after the marathon and I was only moderately sore for one day after. I woke up on Monday morning with nothing… a miracle!
(In no particular order.)
23. Bikini Beach Party - Annette Funicello
a lake walk, park, marina and memorial
“OW!” I complained. “That hurt!”
I am comfortable with that. Great certainties held by people unnerve me anyway. All punishing, all powerful, all merciful deities of whatever religion make it too easy to avoid the really difficult question which is: Who are we? Why are we here?
Wednesday is the Qingming Festival, or Tomb-sweeping Day, and the last day of the three-day national holiday.
David was my anchor. He was the one I looked up to, the one I let myself believe in, mostly because he was the only one who stuck around most of the time. Dad was a traveling salesman, a “regional rep” for some company selling medical supply equipment or something like that. His trips started taking longer, and longer, sometimes a week or even two. He said competition was up, so he had to start traveling farther to find new clients. We never seemed to have a lot of money, so I guess we had to believe him. Maybe needed to believe him.
The dish itself was tastier than I expected it to be and both of the boys devoured it like they’d never been fed. Both said they’d happily eat it again (and again, and again).
She was happy to see her grandchildren as long as it was a short visit and they came with a parent attached. There was no spending the day or the night, there was no babysitting even for an hour or two so I could go meet a client, there were no week long visits away from home. My sister, elder by three years who married and had her kids young, filled that
* Xerox: Xerox is the patented process for copying documents, and the name of a corporation. The word Xerox should never be used as a synonym for photocopying a document.
Of course, this being Seattle, there were anarchists, high on the brightness, running amok and yelling stuff, "Hey dude, it's the end of the world!" And, "Kill the zombies, it's the Apocalypse!"
Note: unmentioned in the Times are the six-figure salaries expected by BUILD's top three officers, according to the IRS filing. See Develop Don't Destroy Brooklyn's comprehensive page on BUILD. Rather the Times takes care of the issue discreetly: On Sept. 5, [spokeswoman] Ms. [Cheryl] Duncan said, Build began paying several staff members, including Mr. Caldwell and Ms. Louis, who she said are currently being paid at a rate equal to half the salaries listed on the group's original I.R.S. form. Before the signing of the community-benefits agreement, the staff had been working as volunteers, she said.
24.) Guillermo Mota, Pitcher (2006-07)
Now it’s time for me to defuse these stereotypes one by one. Here I go!
We are now 5 weeks from moving. Have I started any Christmas preparations??? NO
Alas, at 6:45 this morning, when Scooter woke me, I realized the fabulous confrontational scene wouldn't fit in the scene I intended to plop it into. So now, I have this amazing confrontational scene, and no place to put it. And I lost several highly desirable hours of sleep to boot.
There's something very ugly in this PC loathing of everything Israeli-made. You don't have to look far into the historical records, certainly here in Europe, to see that nothing good comes from the boycotting of shops run by "those people" or the attempted ghetto-isation of their culture and practices. Surely Britain's anti-Israel luvvies have at least watched Roman Polanski's The Pianist, the Holocaust-based tale of a man deprived of his true love - making music - because of what he is?
“Protests on Wednesday quickly cut into support for two Internet piracy bills as two Republican senators said they would no longer back the legislation they co-sponsored.”
CBS Los Angeles
Don’t remember who “Bolton” is? Neither did joejolly. But you’ll get the idea from the FOX News’ article. He served in the United Nations.
Her response: shorts, tank top, your boots.
Email Rudy@OutlawCrossFit.com for your WOD. No, this is not a joke.
That's right folks!
Hi Friends.
One of the reasons I’m in love with this book is because it blurs the lines between good and evil. Taylor’s word choices play with our preconceptions. Karou begins on the side of the “devils” and “monsters,” and the “angels” are heartless killers. The beautiful part is that by the end, we get to see both sides of the story, through brilliant third-person narration.
Be sure to get your brunch on and root hard against Arkansas (a state which is entirely populated by criminals and people with FAR too much schooling, I've heard).
The bridge you see above is across the Saraswati river. The bridge-of-bheema, renovated over time…
What love looks like after nearly 17 years of marriage:
Today we headed over to Derek's parents' house to celebrate his mom's birthday. We went out for Chinese food which actually turned out to be a really good restaurant choice for me. I had steamed shrimp and broccoli. Ok, I did dip my fork into the hoisin sauce a few times, but considering that possible teaspoon amount of sugar is all I have had four days, I'd say I'm doing quite well. Yay me!
and he finds the same situation with radio. Through this perspective, one can perhaps understand the move towards charging publishers, but this doesn't change the fact that the net effect is to discriminate against small publishers and to contribute to a squeezing of their (often groundbreaking) work from our culture.
Sweet liquid drips on wooden planks,
We heard from Robert Irwin quite a bit this year. Last Spring, he sat down with Michael Govan at LACMA to talk about his plans for the Palm Garden that you can see slowly being prepared for the opening of The Broad Contemporary Art Museum in February. Also at LACMA, Irwin’s work features prominently at LACMA’s So Cal show, tracing the path of Los Angeles art from the early 1960s into the late 1970s. Last year, Irwin’s show at PaceWildenstein in New York was well received, and now the large work from that show, Whose Afraid of Red, Yellow, and Blue, is on view and retooled along with a look at both the past and future of Irwin at the downtown branch of Museum of Contemporary Art, San Diego.
* Hong Kong (stopover at weekend)
Fascinating antiheroes in literature and film are proof that this can be done. In search of answers, I came across a simple concept to solve this dilemma: unsympathetic characters must COMPENSATE their flaws with a compelling trait. This quality should be gripping enough to keep the reader's interest, despite his/her feelings for the mean main character.
I grew up with austerity – switching off lights, running shallow baths, watching my mother melt down the stubs of her lipstick in a little dish over a candle to remould a new lipstick in one of the empty cases. And then suddenly that marvellous day when my mother and I went into town by train to buy a new ‘look’ for our home. Out went the Art Deco furniture covered in drab green horsehair fabric and the chrome and glass coffee table and in came the new sleek look with fabric that was quite outrageous – geometric yellow and black and pistachio green shapes that were almost replicas of the designs covering the V&A pillars today – and a coffee table that looked like an artist’s palette on three legs! The madness of the new age of design had seduced even my parents!
I appreciate eveyone's feedback. It helps to see how others see it. It's so easy to be too close to the situation to see it for what it is. It also helps me see where I wasn't clear in my writing.
And I returned, an empty sleeper.
I know I have mentioned in the past, that Lloyd and Melissa get a huge ass tax return every year, thanks in the most part to EIC. They use it mostly to wipe their asses with, but they do actually try to do a few repairs on their home, or van, or whatever they've been living with that's been broken half the year. Sometimes they are forced to replace something expensive, like an entirely new (to them) vehicle, and for 3 years they had to pay off braces (because even broke ass bitches need straight fucking teeth, who cares what you're going to fucking EAT with those perfect teeth, but that's beside the point). This year, they had been planning to do 3 somewhat expensive things - replace their bedroom window which was leaking, pay off the bed they bought on credit, and repair their chimney. That chimney repair was the most expensive but had to be done as it was causing serious damage to their ceilings from water damage. And they did get it done.
"Originally from Sheffield, I started my career in art in Birmingham, as a cartoonist .
In Brian Coleman's case, however, she must make an exception.
All your resistance is about the good you cannot see… past your fears.
Since the beginning of twenty eleven I have driven to Italy (and back) for work reasons, passed a forklift truck test, cut, creased folded and stuck more pieces of card then I did in the previous 12 months, applied for even more jobs and sanded more wood. I’ve written elsewhere about age discrimination when job hunting, and intrigued, found myself dipping into reading a book which claims to be able to help anyone who is after work or career change… Mmm not convinced.
“A reason why Birkeland currents are particularly interesting is that, in the plasma forced to carry them, they cause a number of physical processes to occur (waves, instabilities, fine structure formation). These in turn lead to consequences such as accelerated charged particles, both positive and negative, and element separation (like preferential ejection of oxygen ions). Both classes of phenomena should be of general astrophysical interest far beyond that of understanding the space environment of our own Earth.”
Falling to the floor in simple yet elegant pleats and cinched at the waist with a beautiful glittery belt, this lilac dress exuded glamour and elegance – a tricky combination to pull off. Kate kept the accessories elegant too, with her trademark clutch and not-so-trademark Jimmy Choo sandals. Kate and Will were the irrefutable stars of the event, and by opting for this pastel toned, floor length, understated dress she indicates an awareness that she doesn’t need to try to get noticed using her clothes. A more ambitious gown would have risked looking too showy, gaudy or attention seeking – SO not Kate. Copy-Kate versions are few and far in-between – why not try a more wearable version such as this pretty lilac Asos dress?
For shellac nail polish will never be able to shift this trend because many women or lover of art and inspiration to many contributions to add creations of this delightful art, has a nail designs which has become a trend in the days before our day such as examples…[read more]
It is held at the Tulsa State Fair, so the entire
This upsets me and really puts me down. All I want is a family of my own. A baby, someone to have and say mommy or daddy. I have plenty of nephews and nieces but it is not the same. I adore them all and they are my life, but what about me and my husband. When will it be our turn? Why are we being punished? I pray and practically beg the lord everyday for a miracle, hoping for a chance to bring another being into this world and share our lives with him/her.
The morning started out overcast, which was perfect as my first visitors to the garden were kept cool. Some approached boldly, dragging their parents behind. Others were a bit more shy.
Back away slowly from what you have seen.
Nematodes are becoming a big issue for garlic growers in Ontario. It's a microscopic worm-like bug that splashes onto the leaves of the plant while it's raining, and then makes its way down to the bulb, where it feasts. The other problem with nematodes is that if they don't eat too much of the bulb, at the end of the season they go dormant, and come alive the next spring. So even healthy-looking garlic can hold them.
Castor is hard not to like. He almost always makes the right choice, and you can definitely get on side with him for it…and when that “right” choice goes flying off the rails as the wrong one, you feel it right in your gut when the punch comes. That’s a great character in my humble opinion. That’s not to say the supporting cast aren’t great, with Pen (his pagan friend), Juliet (his gorgeous succubus apprentice) and Rafi (his demonically possessed friend) filling out the main cast frightfully well. I don’t want to be unfair though as there are some character’s that are only introduced in this story that are quite compelling as well. A rival exorcist of considerable power named Dennis Peace, a couple of Were-thugs who work for an enigmatic, ancient and excommunicated religious order, and even Castor’s priestly brother Matthew makes a few appearances.
At least he hasn't asked us to call him "Eyeballs" at home. That's some small consolation.
Drainage
Evangelism is not…
I used Life is a Beach for this one. Cuttin' Up! was used for the Happy Birthday!
Like the rest of we collectors, there are cards we have in our personal collection (or "my cards" as I call them). So on Sundays, I am going to post the things I have and that I enjoy cuz well....I enjoy them.
right words. She knows only that the pants
For the third trip to Toowoomba in a row, I didn't make it to the St Vinnies store that I desperately wanted to visit. I've had some amazing success there in the past, but it closes at 11.30 on a Saturday morning! We left early enough, but didn't account for all the traffic backed up to get onto the range (which currently has a lane closed after the floods). Consequently, we took the Murphy's Creek detour instead, which added 40 minutes to our journey. (But, it did give us the opportunity to see how well the army and emergency services are progressing with the clean-up.)
6. Id Listen
I was in another city, wasted, when my biological father fell on the barroom floor and died. He drank himself to death. I remember the phone call from my mother at two in the morning. I felt nothing, as was often the case in those days. I pretended to hurt. Even though he left us when we were young so he could have his drinking life, my earliest memories of him are the safest ones from my childhood. He wasn’t like my abusive stepdad. My real dad loved me as best as he could. He was shy and slow, driving us around the old farmhouse in a wagon behind his tractor. There were two wild apple trees in the yard and in the spring the slightest breeze created a snowfall of the soft, pink petals. That was my purest time. That was a time I vowed I’d return to as a woman (though I never thought I could).
But sometimes he takes down the wall.
For the cloth diapers, I decided against the traditional prefold (which is just a simple rectangle of diapering fabric, with extra layers in the center), in favor of the more user-friendly fitted diaper. Fitteds have the same shape as a disposable diaper, so they're easy to put on -- no special folding techniques required! However, fitted diapers cost about $6-$10 a piece to purchase ready-made, so I made my own in flannel using the very popular (and free!) Rita's Rump Pocket pattern, or "RRP." Using sale-priced flannel, they cost under $2 a piece. I already had a bit of flannel on hand, so 20 diapers ended up costing about $18. I really like these diapers, and love that they supposedly fit from birth to potty training!
10(ish)
I did a little bit of online research and found this recipe: Beginner Sour Dough Bread It was not only simple but also very comprehensive in the steps. Other recipes I found online seemed a little bit vague or called for yeast (I didn't have any) or even potato starch. King Aurthur (my flour of choice btw) goes as far as to sell a sour dough starter kit online. I think it was only $35 or something but still it seemed a little bit lame and cheaty.
Join me for a late night webinar to review the award categories
If you think I’m not talking about the film’s plot enough, well, that’s because it’s just the same violent and gruesome flashbacks played again and again, until you want to beat your brain against the wall just so the banality will stop. Ugh. This is intolerable! Who watches this shit, serial killers? Weird fetishists who get off on seeing a homeless guy beat up by a bunch of supposed ‘law enforcement officers’? I suppose it would be useful as an insomnia medication, but then again, it’s so unnecessarily gruesome and unpleasant that it even fails as that! So basically it’s a movie with no appeal to anyone who actually has a normal functioning brain. Hurrah.
“That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.” - Abraham Lincoln
For seven years the Babylonian princess Tiamat has waited for the mad king Nebuchadnezzar to return to his family and to his kingdom. Driven from his throne to live as a beast, he prowls his luxurious Hanging Gardens, secreted away from the world.
Humanity is adorable. Humanity is a squishy, huggable ball of nice.
The nursery: Joe and his brother picked up the dresser, so now I have to sand it/paint it. I have no idea how/when I’ll accomplish this, so this may be an "after the baby is here” project.
I also had two 6-inch chocolate cake rounds in the freezer (previously baked and then double-wrapped with saran wrap and stored inside a large ziploc bag), that I had intended to make into ice cream cake for Matthew's birthday (but never got around to doing), which I defrosted and then made a quick coffee buttercream frosting to ice it with, so that we could bring a cake to dinner for dessert.
Here's a father's reply.
"A Painting Day".
Will we have faith to enter when it is our time to be judged? Will our conscience condemn us, or will we stand before Him clean? Then our names won’t be removed from the Book of Life (Rev. 3:1-6). Numerous scriptures point this out.
Have you ever “gone out” in this way? If so, there is no logical answer possible when anyone asks you what you are doing. One of the most difficult questions to answer in Christian work is, “What do you expect to do?”You don’t know what you are going to do. The only thing you know is that God knows what He is doing. Continually examine your attitude toward God to see if you are willing to “go out” in every area of your life, trusting in God entirely. It is this attitude that keeps you in constant wonder, because you don’t know what God is going to do next. Each morning as you wake, there is a new opportunity to “go out,” building your confidence in God. “. . . do not worry about your life . . . nor about the body . . .” (Luke 12:22). In other words, don’t worry about the things that concerned you before you did “go out.”
7. Set boundaries and stick to them. Children crave structure and consistent boundaries. I'll refer you to this excellent post by a mother of five and former elementary school teacher: Don't ask, tell. Don't follow, lead (Au lieu de demander, dire. Au lieu de suivre, mener). Her post arose after she read this Wall Street Journal essay about French parenting styles.
And now my entire car smells like I'm living in a Florida orange tree. Remind me to stab myself in the face on my drive home from work. That's probably the only thing that will distract me from the smell.
V. Kneel-Sinn
and multiple years of making excuses.
Slowly, the soldiers began adding more stories, and tales of the past week blended with memories of killing and destruction during other missions and battles, in Afghanistan and Iraq, during many tours of duty.”
Called out to the hot springs on the way back. The ones here are really lovely. There is a paved area alongside a section of the spring with a few different entry points and for a section about 100m long they have paved the sides up to a small waterfall. You can get in the top end and float down to the waterfall and then climb out and go again.
Steven (or Bro Incarnate, as we call him around ICHQ) has been a constant presence in the pantheon of Illogical Gods since (almost) Day One, and should not be a stranger to anyone who reads the occasional Comments Section around these parts. Along with being the former bass player (and also alerting us to the existence) of the fantastic Hematovore, Steven has clued us in to several buried musical gems in the past, and his input is always insightful and mind-expanding. He's also a pretty snappy dresser, as evidenced by the actual picture* of him shown at right.
*Non-us legislations are slowly catching on the US model of heavy patent litigation (examples are EU harmonization attempts).
The ability to sit down and be waited on.
1 Tbsp. cooking wine (plus, some for the Chef…)
When I got my machine a few months ago, I had no idea how much I would end up loving it. For anyone who things that they might want an embroidery machine, I can't recommend one enough!
Three issues that might speak to why only three pitchers have gone on to play professional ball include:
One of my favorite songs is Amos Lee’s Arms of a Woman. “When she wakes me, she takes me back home.” When I hear it I think of a couple in the comfort of their love, and him taking vacation…refuge in her loving arms. She is his home. And even though he sings of it nostalgically, or in remembrance I still think its the most beautiful love song ever.
Oblivious of their deformities,
250g all purpose flour
"Frankenstein" is the work in question and its tale of reanimated bodies and the struggle of being human seems to have been cribbed for this futuristic tale of slimy bad guys, heroic cops, a decaying future landscape and a story of fighting crime and criminals with every violent tool available. Even if said tool happens to be part man, part machine and all cop.
Bet U Wish U Had Me Back
Taking care of yourself is not neglecting your children. Taking care of yourself makes you a better parent. More tolerant, more rational. Too much stress can have a physical effect on you. Don't allow your selflessness to harm you in the long run. You are deserving. Your happiness is just as important as your children's.
This sunny yellow kitchen gets a pop of contrasting color in the aqua painted kitchen table. The blue really stands out against the creamy yellow. Love the look of that simple, but stunning, hanging lantern above the table!
4. A heart that devises wicked plots. Plotting, to secretly make plans to carry out. When you partner dance you need a partner. The biggest lie that anyone will tell a single girl is that they will meet someone dancing. Nope that’s not going to happen, especially if you are over 30. How does one get a partner then? You’ve got to be either a) really ridiculously lucky and meet someone outside dance that is not only interested in starting dance, but also interested in dancing with you. b) Pay a really expensive teacher. c) Become a teacher. By being around other teachers, you sort of just have to pair up. It’s inevitable. d) Leap on people who have just broken up. You have to be very careful with this, as not only are they fragile, but you have to go about it as though you don’t live in the gossip mill, which you obviously do, otherwise you wouldn’t have heard about it this quickly. How many wicked plots are we up to now?
The Crow Girl by Kate Cann - this is a reissue of this very popular title. It follows the story of Lily Stanfield, an outsider, a freak, a weirdo. Not that she sees herself as this. These are names that she's called by her classmates and others in her school. Lily is just a super quiet girl who likes reading. She's interested in other stuff than most of the superficial appearing girls seem to be interested in. She's been badly bullied, called names...basically, bad things have happened to her. Yet the real extent is never really revealed. Lily finds solace in an unexpected place - the nearby forest. It becomes a magical place, a place where she can pull her shoulders back and relax and breathe. One of the coolest things though is that she makes friends with the local crows in the park. They follow her during her wanderings and she feeds them snacks. And slowly but surely, Lily starts blossoming. She loses weight, her Nan takes her shopping for a decent bra. Suddenly she's not this weird misshapen girl with weird lumps and bits. Her Nan tells her to walk proud, lift her head, keep her shoulders back. Lily likes what she sees, but she's not confident yet. And it's only when she's asked along to a party, that she thinks about a clever trick to get people to notice her. It involves her crows, black feathery wings, a beautiful Gothic dress, hair dye and cool make-up.
2. when visiting dallas, found a bakery that sells macarons. look at all the pretty colors!
There was a lot of complexity to this novel. The earth in this novel is one where people set off massive detonations, wreaking havoc on the world in the hopes of one day starting over. While Partridge was one of the lucky ones, safe inside the dome, Pressia and her grandfather were not. Their bodies were fused with items close to them at the time of the detonations, they are scarred and burned, and have had to struggle to survive. The Operation Search and Rescue team that was supposed to help survivors, is now ruling them. This is a world destroyed; a world in chaos.
A great meet-up place. Even a beach for swimming.
..and my hairdryer. :-)
This is an AMAZING feeling and I'm just so happy to know that I'm now going to have the extra money I need to pursue my career, take classes, etc... No excuses now!
At this point, Oakland doesn’t have any receivers of the proven caliber of Santana Moss, but there is more than enough capable wide receiver talent on the team.
A little regrouping is enough.
Bellieve it or not those weekday observations and notes ARE daily writing sessions.
The history and background of the cemetery was that a local artist called Stan Ioan Patras in 1935 started carving headstones out of wood with bright paintings generally the picture on the grave head would depict how that person died.
1) New Orleans: Don’t miss out on Jazz Fest in April and May. The average hotel rate during this time is $87.
I’d wager that the amount of cash being spent on television advertising for beer brands has diminished significantly in relative terms over the last ten years.
Monday 19th: Visiting a park in Paignton.
You'll be able to plan your next card more quickly since you will already know the basic overall design, leaving more time for the fun and creativity of choosing your papers, colors and embellishments. The perfect backgrounds for stampers and digi artists too.
I still have a lot of maturing to do and a lot of accepting and realizing my flaws and therefore highlighting my strengths. I’ve been gradually changing my ways since I’ve been in this relationship, opening up a lot more, sharing more of myself that I think I’ve ever shared with anyone. It’s hard for my to show my insecurities that I”ve been trying to hide for so long. It’s hard to talk and rehash hard times in my life. But I’m trying, because I know that she wants to be there and I want to let her in.
Paris police called off their search for a woman who threw herself in front of a speeding train when they found that she had dragged herself home and gone to bed.
This week has been both much busier and more successful than last week. Although I still didn’t knock it out of the park on every single goal, I’m getting better overall. And that’s the important part.
This work proceeds in the form of commentary because commentary is the way of speaking according to secret (i.e. secret itself, without definite or indefinite article, neither singular nor plural, the true object of the mystical subject, who is named by Dionysius in the Mystical
8. Go for a long drive
KEEP THE COMMUNITY GOING
Where nothing ever grows
How is Erik doing? He's doing great! He hasn't gained a pound, gets some great sleep, his belly button is still in and he's wearing his wedding ring. He's also in a pretty good mood too.
I know now where I’ve been
Early bird registration is priced at $399 and will be available on May 3, 2012, at 10 a.m. Pacific Time at www.edmbiz.com. Attendees will enjoy a comprehensive schedule of creative and inspiring panel discussions, riveting keynote addresses, as well as networking events and evening entertainment.
Moving on, In the adventure is described this statue one hand pointing at one door, the other hand pointing at the other door opposite. They had to cross the room. Ozone smell in the air. Perception check revealed thin trails of smoke coming from the wrists where the hands of the statue had been knocked off. Finally the dragonborn stepped into the room. Lightning lanced out, Acrobatics DC 15 to avoid, he fails and takes 2 damage (low I know, but this is part of a lengthy dungeon crawl as skill challenge) Finally everyone jumps through, about half taking damage.
Topped the speed limit by more than 20 mph during pursuits and other emergency calls.
When I was a kid, we moved ALL the time, back and forth across the country, occasionally just across town.From kindergarten through 11th grade, I lived at maybe 20 different addresses. By the time I was 17, I was out on my own, with a scant dozen books and a deck of tarot cards the only remnants of childhood. For a while, I still didn't have much more than a black cat, a brown dog, a backpack full of books and the clothes on my back. I DID buy postcards at museums, whenever I had a few cents to my name, and propped them on the windowsill where they looked VERY arty next to velvet plants and wandering jews rooting in old Ball jars, or planted twining out of old tin cans. I was madly in love with someone who was deeply spiritual, a Capricorn, for whom material goods were of little value. To prove my commitment to his ideals, I smashed my pottery as fast as I made it, and buried my tarot cards in the backyard. What can I say? I was young and in love.
And restaurants are no better. We go to our favorite vegan restaurant and the only gluten-free bread option is the same bread I have in my freezer!! Another place we go makes delicious vegan sandwiches but their gluten-free bread isn't even vegan - it has eggs!
This is perhaps the best time to instill the ‘sporty spirit’ in your children. The FIFA fever is at a crazy high and there can’t be a better time to tell how important sports can be in the life of a child. Yes, the physical benefits will lure the moms to send their tots out to the fields, but the other ‘fringe’ benefits that come with sports are far too many to be ignored. Simply put, sports teaches you leadership skills, discipline, grit, determination, fair-play, team spirit, how to handle a win, and in the same breath how to handle a defeat. In short, sports is all about LIFE.
– Big Country West: Hawai’i, New Mexico, Fresno State, San Jose State, UNLV, Nevada
After one of the monster’s stories, Conor demands to know what he was supposed to learn from it.
There are a few choices of draught beers to choose from and decent choices of bottled beer. Since I am around, I am determined to try all the 3 Schneider Weisse beers the outlet has to offer. All the Schneider Weisse beers are sold at RM 28 per bottle.
As Christians all over Nigeria reflect on last Sunday’s butchering of at least 25 church worshippers on the campus of Bayero University Kano, they continue to express outrage and to appeal to the relevant authorities to intervene decisively and promptly.
And I told him I didn't want him to eat anything he didn't want to and I apologized for having been that mom in the past. It sounds simple but it felt quite profound and healing in my journey as a mother.
Thursday, November 1st–Therapy.
It is our thoughts that create our reality, shape and texture our day-to-day experiences, and influence the direction and quality of our futures. Usually our high and low toned emotions are interconnected to what we are thinking. It is our thoughts that precede what we do and how we to do it or perhaps not do it. Being aware of our thoughts and the effect they have on our lives, our work and our world, is an essential principle for living successfully.
Jimmy Carl Black-Vocals on "Harder Than Your Husband"
When the fruit trees are in bloom
how could i be hold strong for her.
It’s been an intense twelve days! Last week was spent in a manic haze making never-ending arrangements for my business trip, the weekend was spent praying to God all those arrangements took flight, and this week has been spent making more arrangements for different projects, while working on two others at the same time. No surprise, I’m tired and am getting a cold. I might even have a fever. Sigh.
These halls hold a lot of memories for me and my friends… we walked these halls and ran these halls for so long that we never thought that we would get out… and once we did, just like everyone said, there are days I truly wish I could get that time back. Pause it. And just… soak it in.
Here is the Closed up:
5. What do you own the most of?
It seems agreed upon by spiritual masters of all traditions that the main reason for our suffering is the identification with the “I” and the way to dissipate this pain is to merge with what is beyond the “I”, to merge the looker with what is looked at. Science, on the other hand, can help us to understand how we construct and experience the “I”, as well as the states beyond it.
The solution? Soup. Soup is fast and low-maintenance. Soup is healthy. It'll feed my brain and keep me from passing out during my workaholic benders.
Although she was happy just to spend the day with me, Miss Chef wasn’t nearly as excited as I was about the place. She’s not into standing around in someone else’s house staring at their furniture and drapery. However, as we got our first dramatic glimpse of the mansion, she did exclaim it was a lot more spectacular than she’d expected.
Oh my sugar overload.
… At the 2010 Outback Bowl, Auburn became the first team in 62 years to play on New Year’s Day with a losing conference record. Five more teams have done that since then: Northwestern, Texas Tech, Michigan, Florida and Ohio State.
Now for fun, here is Brady’s sequence, but I’ll have to add in his 3rd grade later once I start/get that one done. I wish I would have done this for Gwynie all the way through, but at least she is only missing Kindergarten and 1st grade.
Preheat the oven to 350*F. Butter a loaf pan, add a layer of parchment paper at the bottom and butter as well.
Lord God, I come to you right now asking for you to unite your people. In Psalm 133 you say, “Behold how good and how pleasant it is for brothers to dwell together.” But we are not dwelling together. We are a double-minded church that has been wooed by the world. Lord God I pray that you would cast off the chains from our hearts. Turn our hearts to you. Soften our hearts. Give us a realization of the Chief Cornerstone. Let us forsake all and be built up together on Your foundation. We are a chosen generation and a royal priesthood. We have been grafted into your resurrection as sons and daughters. Protect us from the attacks of the enemy so that we may worship you in spirit and truth.
I honestly did not get it. Of course I didn't get it. I wanted my window to stay open. I was not ready. It was not my time.
Known as “the governess of last resort,” Guinevere Pettigrew (Frances McDormand) is dismissed from her latest job and sent out into the cold, foreboding London streets where she wanders for hours trying to figure out what to do next. These early scenes demonstrate Frances McDormand’s lack of vanity as Pettigrew looks frumpy and disheveled as her character is dressed in drab earth tones while she sports unkempt frizzy hair. While trying unsuccessfully to get another job, Pettigrew overhears about an aspiring American actress in need of a social secretary. Delysia Lafosse (Amy Adams) is, to put it mildly, a handful. Juggling three different lovers and enjoying being young and rich (perhaps a little too much) in London on the eve of World War II, her life is a chaotic mess.
To quote her press release:
Dead End is about a guy who finds a woman that falls from the sky. As absurd as that sounds he takes the girl to his home and decides to take care of her, it's not like anything particular is happening in his life anyway. Their relationship evolves a bit - he shows her around a bit and introduces her to his friends who are mostly low life thugs. Everything starts like a usual semi-serious seinen romance manga but things get a little weird when one day our hero arrives at his flat and finds all sorts of things. Things that used to function as limbs to his friends.
SET OF INTERROGATORIES
Bhatt camp has again sensitized the Indian Film Industry by their upcoming movie “Jism 2”. They have invited the foreign adult movie star ‘Sunny Leone’ for the lead role putting Deno Morea opposite to her. Sunny Leone has got popularity among Indian audience after participating in the famous reality show “Big Boss 5”. Mahesh says about Sunny ‘”I love casting people who are real. Sunny is being shown in a bright light with an exotic image on television, but I sensed that she must have gone through a lot to earn a name in an industry which people don’t appreciate,”
you can put the lyrics, below,
From early on, Boston became less of a race and purely about “body management.” And this perspective from a friend of a friend who placed 20th overall.
The one at my stepfather's mother's house in Athens, Texas. I ate a lot of coconut cream pie that had been sitting out a bit too long. The next day, I had my first case of food poisoning, and as I was in the feverish throes of vomiting and shitting myself silly, I tearfully begged my mom to let me die.She started to cry. I was eleven.
This shit drives me crazy.
Likewise, Rea Hederman, Jr., of The Heritage Foundation, noting that there was a slight decrease in the unemployment rate from 8.3 to 8.2 percent, said that even this “reflected ill fortune, because it was due entirely to a marked shift of workers leaving the labor force instead of finding new jobs.”
The organizers have thus used my name without my approval and without my confirmed attendance.
it is late
"it's ok, katie! i'll help you pick them up."
If you’re stuck in a religious home that cannot study this text in a way that listens for the original meaning of the words, there are religious homes for you—Anglican, Episcopal, United Church of Christ, Reformed Judaism, Unitarian Universalism—there are many of us who strive not to impose modern prejudices on the text nor absorb ancient prejudices into ours, instead looking for the God of liberation.
It is not as though they set out to create a total false persona, they just exaggerate to make themselves more appealing or acceptable.
I also finally unpacked the last of the boxes in my new creative space and alas found my foam stamps, so resurrected one of my fave alphas for this card as well. And some much neglected ribbon made it onto this card as well, I just darkened the shade of red with my trusty E31 Copic to keep the tone right... then a new Maya Road charm to finish.
Has he brought shame on the blogosphere? Definitely not unless you buy into the kind of collectivist bullshit that so many of us find repugnant about the politics of all the main (and many or the minor) parties. When Blair apologised for Britain's role in the slave trade the implication was that all of us had something to be ashamed of. I can certainly agree that it was shameful - as a libertarian it's natural that I put slavery pretty high up the list of shitty things that people can do to other people - but I also claim that I needn't be ashamed myself. Even if I could trace my family back to the time of Ethelred and even if Blair could point directly at some of them as slavers I still shouldn't be made to feel personal shame about it. I think Tony Blair himself was such a cunt that thousands of years from now the land surrounding wherever they bury the fucker will prove to be a rich source of high grade cuntonium - but I don't blame his kids. In the same way one blogger does not and cannot bring shame on the rest. They can do or say something that some of us, potentially even all of us, think they should be ashamed of, but they certainly can't do anything for which we should all be ashamed unless we're to think that one speaks for all. That might fly in the part of the blogosphere that loves collectivism and big state but in the libertarian blogosphere? Christ knows there's plenty to disagree about - being individuals about things is kind of the point, after all - but that being so surely what one blogger says or does is entirely their responsibility, and no one else's.
The work, Le Silence, invites calm and serenity, two attributes associated with an abbey and a library. The Word and words.
So I stepped on my scale yesterday after not weighing for 2 weeks to only find out that the 5 lbs I had dropped just a few weeks ago had moved back in.
So here are some pics instead
To this day the basic free market doctrine of "laissez faire" is virtually a swear-word to most Leftists. Quoted from Smith (1967, p. 87).
I used pine and made a frame similar to the blackboard frames I made here. Each frame piece has a groove cut into the inner edges that fits the whiteboard. You can buy whiteboard at most DIY type building stores.
This sound was recorded by the autonomous hydrophone deployed at 8oN, 110oW on July 7, 1997 at 0730Z.
“Some people think the name T is dumb,” he said quietly.
sweet little burnt orange side table. this piece was probably originally made in the 50's, and i brought it back to life with some TLC and paint! it's got cool black and white paper lining the drawers, and vintage-looking knobs. 15" deep, 15" wide, and 28" tall. email me at kristen.fountain@gmail.com to purchase/for questions
Off next towards Greystones road, via Glenalmond, Dobbin Hill and Greystones drive (there seems to be no convenient roads across so I had to gain height to walk down to the pub without exerting too much effort). The Greystones was bathed in sparkling, erm, grey cloud whenever I got my camera out - the sun was playing hide and seek throughout the day so my Greystones pics are decidedly and appropriately grey.
Or follow lovely kine;
I've had this on my mind a lot since becoming a parent almost 6 months ago. And then reading this article, Your Baby Isn't Trying to Annoy You, She's Crying to Communicate, made me think even more deeply about it. It's great. I recommend every parent read it.
We'd drop mum off in town, then dad would take us to our grandmother's house. She'd have our comics waiting for us on her hall chair (Whizzer & Chips for me, something football related for my brother), crack open the Corona Cherryade and the Chipsticks and then shoo us away to watch Saturday morning telly so she could talk at my dad for a few hours. He'd sit tensely chainsmoking on a kitchen stool while being talked at by his mother about how ghastly his sister was being to her.
3. Then put one hand on the top of the other hand between your chest and upper stomach, and start reciting surah “al fatiha”, say “ameen” once you finish it, and then start reciting another small surah.
She shifted on the bed beside him. Having held in the urge to squirm all she could, Elannara curled into a ball and giggled. "Alright! Alright, I'm up already!" She turned to face him with a mischevious grin.
This comes as opposition groups staged a protest on Sunday in Moscow against Putin’s return to the Kremlin.
Well, that about does it for any plans I ever had for retiring to Florida and enjoying a quiet peaceful life sitting out by the pool with a bunch of other old senile seniors munching on a plate of cheese and Ritz crackers. Nope…..not gonna do it.
I feel a little like a bad pregnant blogger what with being halfway done with this pregancy (what the WHAT?! Round two goes by ridiculously fast!) and no pictures of my rounding belly.
There need to be spaces in your togetherness.
The focus isn't on how well my meal turned out,
The Wheel is present and glowing in all it’s beauty if you are in mind to see it.
Your faucet's flow rate indicates how much water passes through your faucet during a given amount of time. In the U.S., it is often measured in gallons per minute (gpm). The bigger the flow rate, the more water you consume.
There are no more mass civil rights demonstrations on the order of those in the 1960s. The largest one in post-civil rights America took place in Jena,Louisiana, in 2006, a racially mixed town of about 3,000, where 20,000 African-American demonstrators gathered to protest the unfair sentences meted out to six black students who had beaten a white student unconscious. The beating was in retaliation for the dangling of nooses from an oak tree by white students after a black student had asked sit in the shade of the tree “by custom” reserved for whites.
KATANA out of the drawer and cleaned it up. Meanwhile, I queried another novel only to be met with a year’s worth of rejection. After realizing that novel was going nowhere, I sent KATANA out to agents and after three months I had my first offer. The road to publication took another year.
It was really sad when my mom had to go back to California, and I was a little nervous she wouldn't make her way back home without my French-speaking assistance, but she is an intelligent and capable lady so there were no problems :)
All my very best,
Your eyes imprinted in me Your grace:
It was a nice party. I'm glad all my family came, even if I couldn't get any pix of them. The memories are all in my heart.
We, The Graywalkers, formally denounce and split all ties with Bobby Joe Fanin of Lexington, Kentucky, going by the false moniker “Robert Duncan O’Finioan,” known petty criminal of Pahrump, Nevada, 1990-99.
Kazuko Inoue
Cover and cook on low for 5-6 hours. Stir it 1/2 way through if you can but you don't have to.
Cebuanos know well (and get annoyed with) the bitter word wars between Cebu City Mayor Tomas Osmeña and Cebu Governor Gwen Garcia. Obviously, the Suya Ra ang Probinsya shirts aimed to twit Gov. Garcia.
An evil traffic mastermind has taken over the city. There is no route through town, no backstreet, rat-run, bridleway or smuggler’s path that does not sooner or later crash up against road works. The gas men, the water men, the cable men, the council men, the men who carry out the remedial work after all the other men have gone - the town is infested, over-run, congested, the whole grid in thrall to a sequence of flashing lights, red and white barricades and cones, cones, cones. During the mid part of the day it’s maddening enough, but at rush hour your only hope of reaching the other side of town before sunset is by hot air balloon.
For now, we join the continuing saga of Great-Grandpa Charles Arthur Johnson and Great-Grandma Viola Mae (Palmer) Johnson, whose home-hopping existence probably says much about the vagaries of mining employment in the early 20th century Tuscarawas County, but also speaks to the industrious spirit of that pair, that they were able to raise ten children — through tight times and tragedy and onward to successful adulthood.
"We therefore believe this legislation will assist in combating both copper and property crimes," Mthethwa said.
Our First Summer Without Mommy At Home has almost come to a close, and I must say, it was a huge success. And nearly-pain-free, to boot (Emotional pain, I mean. Mine, to be exact.).
He said the proposal was made after Tajudin approached certain ministers for help in the matter.
Until then we’re frolicking in cash, and how!
Mike van Graan is the Secretary General of Arterial Network, a continent-wide network of artists, activists and creative enterprises active in the African creative sector and its contribution to development, human rights and democracy on the continent. He is also the Executive Director of the African Arts Institute (AFAI), a South African NGO based in Cape Town that harnesses local expertise, resources and markets in the service of Africa’s creative sector. He is considered to be one of his country’s leading contemporary playwrights.
I pray that 2012 brings you joy, happiness and love.
YOU CAN BE THE GOOD GUYS AGAIN
Keep doodling!
Another thing that I ended up doing, was creating a secret handshake with my daughter for those times when we both need to disconnect from a power struggle or when we are having trouble cooperating. It works some of the time, which is better than yelling or fighting at any rate.
* Probe: Carolyn Taylor (Masters student, Elliot Allen Institute of Theology and Ecology, St. Michael’s College, University of Toronto)
No cat, but I could now see what was blocking the door. The bottom drawer of the bathroom vanity was pulled out about eight or nine inches. Since the door opens inward, the drawer served as a very effective barricade.
Imagine you get down to the American Idol finale and the producers announce that there was a tie vote. So, in order to break the tie, the contestants will be forced to recite poetry written in Aramaic and will be judged on their pronunciation and accent. I mean, they're using their voices, so it's entirely appropriate, right?
Awwww, yeah.
Chipotle Mexican Grill, for the last two years, has hosted a Boorito event, encouraging people to show up on Halloween dressed as one of the worst kinds of junk food imaginable. Participants received the opportunity to purchase $2 Booritos with profits going to healthy and sustainable food operations. This year’s Comic-Con International features a “Course of the Force” five-day event leading up to Comic-Con http://bit.ly/GH5qEo. An Olympic-style torch relay from Santa Monica to San Diego is the focus of this event, allowing participants to celebrate their love of Star Wars and support Make-A-Wish Foundation at the same time. Each quarter-mile will raise $500 for Make-A-Wish Foundation.
signed copy of "Spellfall"
baby spinach leaves
Sometimes at events I'll be asked what the process of writing a book is like, and I've seen other authors answer the question as well, and some of them say, well, it's always difficult for the first 25k words and then the middle is better, or, the beginning is wonderful and shiny and then the middle is awful, or the whole thing is awful but you just do it anyway, or...whatever.
The humid heat of the Land of the Trembling Earth was like a weight to be carried. Wei Tsu Tin had never experienced weather as oppressive as the conditions in the Okefenokee Swamp. Hong Kong had been hot and humid during the summer but Wei had quickly shuffled from air-conditioned staff car to air-conditioned buildings when he was in Hong Kong. The heat and humidity in the swamp sapped the strength of Wei and his men as they struggled through the muck and dense foliage covering the landscape. Wei’s breath came in ragged gasps even though he carried nothing more than the clothing on his back and his sidearm. Leeches clung to his skin and myriad biting insects buzzed annoyingly around his head. Only a mile and a half into the 430,000 acre swamp, Wei’s expedition had quickly turned from a vengeful mission into a torturous journey.
Chante landerirette après alleluia,
Watching Morris walk to the kitchen as she shut the door to his work room, Moody momentarily wondered if her father, who rarely ventured outdoors, knew anything about Riley.
Phew, what an ordeal.
We will update this post as more info emerges over the weekend.
More on the Buenos Aires bus system and my inherent lack of direction later.
Actually, finding people to write articles for you is pretty easy. They are all around you, but you just don’t know it yet. look at your fellow bloggers that write post for themselves daily. I’m pretty sure that they wouldn’t mind writing post for you for a couple bucks once in a while. Just as I said before in my earlier post you could go on Google and use there search engine to find online writers by using the keywords, “hire online writers”, or be more descriptive in your choice of keywords to get a precise result you surely would be more surprise in what Google can find for you.
Soon my wife and I will have been married for 41 years. How have we made it this far? Well, this may sound funny, but the answer to that question in part is because we manage to avoid each other.
and am thankful that I was able
Deepwell Injection
Actual Inventory 99.5
So that is why I have been able to put so many pots in this corner where they get sunshine and rain water....
(That is their own problem. If it is not dangerous, then ask them to build the plant in Putrajaya. Next to their own home toilet even better)
T: good detective work!
We all know the result of that non-stop media focus: President Nixon soon resigned in disgrace to avoid impeachment, and U.S. Attorney General John Mitchell was sent to prison. And all over a bungled political burglary, where nobody was killed or even hurt.
But there is still an area of local shopping that most of us seem to forget or ignore. Your one and only crafter. 1 man shop owner that buys and makes its art in its one extra room, carries it to local craft shows, and sells it online…The true small business owner. We don’t seem to think of them much. They work full time jobs, or go to school or even both at times and stay up late at night crafting and taking orders…
The British National Party is poised to give up its whites-only membership policy after a legal challenge accusing it of racial discrimination.
My initial approach was to continue living the same way – with just one more mouth to feed. I had an open-door policy with Andrew on the decisions we had made and used them as a launching pad for talking about why we were doing what we were doing. I hate to be blunt – but the information fell on deaf ears. I am not talking about a teenager who is oblivious or struggles with a learning problem. We are talking about a possibly-Stanford bound, top of his class kind of kid that knows how to tackle hard to understand problems and excels in school. But, it didn’t matter. The evidence (photo and material, I might add!) of mid-western beef feed lots didn’t sway him into considering the possibility of local, grass-fed beef. The idea of milk that comes from cows pumped full of antibiotics and growth-hormones didn’t make him shiver in the least. He thought organic was a gimmicky, sell-all marketing ploy that enticed the buyer into paying high prices for sub-standard products.
In a recent op-ed in the California Aggie, UCD professor Joshua Clover argued that "The university is selling students to the bank because it’s the only way to generate more income from students who don’t otherwise have it." He continued:
The new A Muse Studio catalog is being released on February 1, and I am excited to see what other goodies they have in store for us since I haven't gotten mine in the mail yet. If you ever have any questions about A Muse, please feel free to contact me anytime. :)
In the 1990s, museum curators proposed a much franker look at the problems that led to the current era of reform. Initially, they designed a section called “10 years of tortuous development” on the 1950s and ’60s, including the Great Leap Forward’s devastating famine, according to Kirk Denton, a professor at Ohio State University who is writing a book on China’s museums. Curators proposed a similar section in the current exhibit, arguing that this era was decades in the past and the party was now strong enough to withstand criticism. That idea was rejected, however, after a lengthy debate, according to Ministry of Culture officials. In the end, the famine, widely regarded as the worst in recorded history, is only euphemistically mentioned by the phrase that “the project of constructing socialism suffered severe complications.” The Cultural Revolution was reduced to the photograph and brief caption.
So why divorce? Well, it was I who filed for the divorce a while back. No, this was not because I cheated on her or had a new relationship. Our divorce had been a long time coming. By the time I had started seeing Lana, the marriage had long been over, and yes, I told Rene about Lana, early on. I am trying to be sensitive to Rene and my family and have not introduced Lana to them yet as I don't think its proper right now - I don't want Lana to be seen as some home wrecker - shes not.
Bunch of basil (finely chopped, see, Lazy Person's Pesto!)
So there’s this kid that I tutor that happens to cross paths with her pretty much every day. He comes to class yesterday and tells me that she says hi. I don’t think I could hide my surprise or smile. I asked him for details. Unfortunately, this kid likes to mess around a fair bit. He tells me that he was joking, but then he contradicts himself and tells me that everything he’s said is true. Then corrects himself and says he was lying…but then tells me he’s telling the truth. What? I don’t know. I don’t even know if he was being serious or not. All I remember is a feeling of elation and excitement, all because she said hello. I mean, it might not even have happened. For all I know this was a complete fabrication by that kid. I just can’t believe my happiness was affected by one simple word from a kid. Even if it was just a joke…I still felt happy(er) at that point in time. Geez, I’m a sap.
What a field looks like, full of corn and cotton
* Coping with Chloe is told in first-person from twelve-year-old Anna. Did you use memories of how you were at that age or did you get feedback from girls of Anna’s age to get her ‘voice’ as authentic as possible?
So... the current Houghton Mifflin theme? Growing and changing... focusing on letters Gg, Ee and Dd. Letter Gg was last week... spring break this week and then we move on to letter Ee... and I have some incredible ideas planned and I'm thinking my UPKers are going to love what I have to offer! I'm hoping you all will enjoy the ideas too!
Unfortunately, we have some very bad news here at the Clueless Home. Last week, we unexpectedly found out that our Weenie Man had a tumor in his little belly. It was just too much for his little body, and we had to put him to sleep on Friday. We will miss him so much, but we're relieved that his pain has been lifted. In his too short life, he touched us in so many ways.
At some point before bed, Mel and Susan had the road Atlas out again and surprised me by telling me that we were going to Ghost Ranch! I was excited...to see what she saw, walked, painted...her beloved ranch! Goosebumps! So, I went to bed very hyper and very much looking forward to the morning!
I’d be remiss if I didn’t note another Democrat victory here. The estimated $30 billion the UI benefits extension will cost won’t be offset by any tampering with the Child Tax Credit.
But, I do know some people are peeved about this, most notably the perception of a 'marketing gimmick' on behalf of a craft brewery. This seems the same as the macro guys doing it (Vortex bottles, et al), as they are expected to bring focus to the commercial, and away from the actual beer. It irks many beer lovers that any craft brewery would stoop to this level. And the fact that it's in Scotland (close to CAMRA) just adds fuel to the fire.
The Book of Three by Lloyd Alexander ( this was on last year's list and we never got around to it. If I leave it much later, he'll have outgrown them.)
What challenges did you face as you wrote this book?
Not a dangerous running injury as such but can be painful so a bit of prep before your run is well worthwhile.
Starting with Ash Wednesday and ending with Easter, our church does a Wednesday service. The services are geared for us to focus on the sacrifice Christ made for us. I love these services. They have helped me come to appreciate Easter even more.
The most exhausting thing in life, I have discovered, is being insincere. That is why so much of social life is exhausting; one is wearing a mask. I have shed my mask.
I recently have been getting into watching alot of documentaries. I have phases of moral ubiquity and these documentaries prove wonderful medium for learning about what is happening in the world.
I know that when I go see her at work that I'm not actually going to be seeing much of her. It is a very busy pub and I'm OK with that. That wasn't the reason we went there.
Depsite City’s recent run of form, history shows that Sir Alex Ferguson has conquered these situations before and because of that, United are probably in the driving seat going into the biggest game of the season. United’s experience and their ability to close out these sorts of games in the past is their only saving grace at the minute. United tend to pull off big results when they are under the most pressure. The 1999 Champions League final against Bayern Munich is one instant where United’s determination and experience came through to win the Champions League Final 2-1. After handing a lifeline back to City by losing at Wigan Athletic,then giving up a two-goal lead in the closing minutes against Everton at Old Trafford last Sunday. Ferguson and United just have to be careful not to fall into the defensive mind zone, as Sir Alex may play the similar formation as he does away in Europe which gives extra added protection to the back four.
“Something like that,” Ronan still needed to sort through his own feelings about Callie and Sundance, so he switched the subject. “Look, Ash, all I want is to keep you as safe as I can. But there is another kid missing. All of us need to get out of this house, and we all need time to rest and think. Things are just coming so fast.”
Jean C. DePalma, 42, Newfoundland, N.J.
There’s a treasure hunt starting around 10-26-09 involving 2nd Wind Publishing. Basically, it’s a Blog Hop. My blog will be included. Good luck, have fun, try not to kill anyone.
Reprising a 2006 Sun series on the cultural impact of Krsna Consciousness on the western music scene.
We knew it would be good, when this is what we woke up to on our very first morning.
Yes, I do. Often, in fact. I wouldn't have any problem with her getting her picture taken for say, print ads. I mean, dressing up and posing for pictures are two of her favorite things in life. But I don't have the time to schlep her around to auditions and such.
- Let the curry simmer for an hour
I miss you. It was wonderful to see your smile this weekend. Be strong.
Apart From Ape Art.
I could take this to so many different levels, and go on and on (nothing new…!), so whilst you are thinking about how to best keep yourself (myself) from dipping to those depths, below are some simple tactics to safeguard your (my) mental health – it is not a magical list, but certainly helps and can be applied to our everyday life to help keep our mind, and subsequently our body and soul in good health.
* He likes to help Mommy with the laundry, dishwasher, and recently has wanted to start feeding Connor "Mommy's milk"... He actually puts the boppy around himself and wants me to put Connor on it. It's so cute!
Then it dawned on me:
burpees broad jump
For the first exhibition GHAT presents Morag Smith who lives and works in the coastal village of Johnshaven. Smith has exhibited throughout the UK with works in private collections in the UK, Spain and the USA.
Richardson
being mistaken for one of the kids.
Tomorrow I am headed to the foreign and incredibly far away land of Nova Scotia for a dance competition. While there I will be competing with other dancers of the Maritimes. Me and my mates will woo the judges with our fast feet and Celtic music, of course. Well, hopefully.
„He has small feet.“ The Persian Princess points on the FlipFlops. Her friend starts to laugh. They are not hims, I went home with them, I thought they where mine. She starts to laughed to and than her friends stands up and tries to get her feet in the shoes: They are to small, nearly 2 sizes. They are looking at her friends feet and start to laugh again. „I think instead of going out tonight, we should go for shopping, I need some new shoes!“
This kind of stuff makes me sad (worse than sad, more like enraged). I mean, what would you do if that happened to you? Would you yell? Would you cry? Would you find it in you to get revenge? How? Would you ever go back to school?
You will only be limited by your own imagination in this challenge. There is an unlimited universe of possibilities. You can post essays, short pieces of fiction, poetry, recipes, travel sketches, or anything else you would like to write about. You don't have to be a writer to do this. You can post photos, including samples of your own art or craftwork. Everyone who blogs can post from A to Z.
We all know about some distant (or not so distant) relative (usually male) who does his best to avoid discomfort and work. He slides through (and out) of school by sleeping in, skipping out and exerting the absolute minimum of effort to just get by.
Episode 17 "Gaara dies!"
contract, she’ll lose her soul to the Dark Prince forever.
Maybe you can tell a friend. Or make a call to a sponser. Or write an article. Or buy a uniform. I'm not sure, but even the smallest act can help in a tremendous way.
The conference will not be restricted to conventional paper presentation, and each conference session space will be designed to facilitate diverse modes of exchange; for example, between oral presentation and works of art and design. The aim of the event is to continue and update the discussions concerning the relationship between art and design practices and knowledge, in terms of both content and modes of knowledge production and exchange. We invite abstracts (350 words max) by doctoral students, post-doctoral researchers and academics addressing the following:
Co-operatives appeal to Liberal Democrats because they are run along democratic lines – it’s one of the co-operative principles. Power-sharing, working together - all follow this cooperative principle. The Preamble to our Federal Party Constitution also states that the cooperative principle should be one of the key principles of the economic structure of the country. But how relevant is the co-operative principle in modern Britain? Can it be applied to every sphere of life, or is it best suited to the economic system?
Preheat oven to 425. Line cooking sheets with tin foil (less mess= easier clean-up for you!).
Although the movie looks like a bad lifetime movie, which means it must be pretty terrible, the allure and the reason I may pay close to $10 to see it, is the “find hope for her unknown future” line.
Everyone in my program is living with families throughout the working class neighborhood of Batahola Norte. Since the barrio was developed during the revolution, all of our host parents have many stories to share about surviving the food shortages and chaos of the 1980s. All of our families also have connections to the cultural center here that does incredible work throughout the community. Free classes in cooking, art, computation, English, music, and many other things are offered at the center for free. The center has been so welcoming to all of us and a few friends and I now lead English conversation groups there twice a week. Two of our host siblings also participate in the choir at the center and over Spring Break we were able to listen to them perform alongside the national orchestra – by far the best choir I have ever seen perform live.
Yup, I'll put a Biere de Garde over a pale lager. My beer experience tells me that Paris and probably France is definetly WINE country. The wine was everywhere for pretty cheap (as long as Dubya wasn't upping the exchange rate). I just find it hard to believe that a country with Belgium and Germany one side, and England on the other, just does not have decent widely distributed beer of their own. One would think some level of Nationalism would kick in, forcing someone to make some really good stuff. The biggest problem I had was the lack of hops in the beer. I can handle the sourness, but I need some hops in there somewhere. As soon as I got back to the States, we grabbed up some Pale Ale just to get that old feeling back. Great vacation, just not the beer.
Going into a local after work - at least where I am, away from a big city and in a small town - feels more wrong than right, more anti-social than social. The chaps at the bar have been there too long, it’s almost empty, it’s a realm of misbehaviour - drinking is bad for you, didn’t you know? And walk into a local pub and take a look around – there won’t be many people in their early 20s just sitting there and enjoying a beer. Call me bigoted, but if there are some then they aren’t likely to be the sort of guys who you’d feel comfortable socialising with, are they?This sums up something that I had been mulling over, that going to the pub, just for a drink, away from the obvious weekend busy times, has over the past ten or fifteen years has become somehow less respectable than it used to be. The respectable pubs of my youth have now become dining pubs, and where proper pubs do survive, all too often you go in them and find them dominated by a slightly seedy all-male drinking school clustering around the bar, with very few other customers.
Happy reading ‘Revolution 2020’
As I walk home, my only follower is the echo of my footsteps.
Though I know this story well, this book adds new perspectives into my knowledge of the story, it makes the pain and feeling of failure on Sarai’s part all the more real. It made my perception of this story change in ways I never thought possible. This author is so much more than I expected; this book is so much more than expected. This book is slathered in drama and faith that it’s hard for any reader to come out untouched by this story. This book definitely reawakened my want to read this biblical story again.
” What now ? I mean,we just had a dead serious talk,Vidhi ! ” I grumbled.
#4 - missing soil
As we forgot to see the Hasekannon, we definitely have to go back to Kamakura to see it sometime.
GTC class: This class is reserved for vehicles from one-make race series like the Porsche 911 GT3 Cup.
StriVectin-SD Eye Cream ($90)
"All bad poetry springs from genuine feeling. To be natural is to be obvious, and to be obvious is to be inartistic."
Girlschool (feat. 'Fast' Eddie Clarke): Emergency
How have you made a party special for less? I would love to hear!
I've sent the file link again. No idea. Poor lad gives his time and expertise, I hate him being messed around like this. Fingers crossed that the sodding thing works this time.
Credit: Portrait of Ulysses S. Grant by Emanuel Gottlieb Leutze
Saturday -- Active rest day ~ aka Hockey
I don't recall how I first heard about her but I've been following her blog for several years now and have been brought practically to my knees in envy and appreciation of her skills.
Finally the universe apparently decided to do what the North Carolina justice system had inexplicably thus far refused to: It ran his ass over with a train.
Gay & Lesbian Romance
I have been home – across the world and back – for the holiday season. It’s surreal to visit your family as a guest, a fly on the wall of their collective reality, when mine is so different and so far away. I pick and choose which parts of home to embrace, and which to leave behind; remove my emotional investment.
So to my uni gals, this special post is for you as a tribute to our wonderful friendship that has stood the test of time and I'm sure will continue to do so. As busy as life gets it's important for us to nurture ALL our friendships and relationships.
1/2 tube of sausage- cooked and crumbled
So while the love triangle didn't amaze me, the story itself in this one was still incredibly fun--even if a lot of it takes place in our world instead of Nevernever. Also, IRONHORSE YOU DA MAN! Or wait, isn't it supposed to be YOU DA HORSE! Except that sounds crazy-weird. But you get my point. =D
in certainty and wonder
Passionate about beer he certainly was, at the time probably seen as "doll", (but never dull). In the end his beer knowledge was unrivaled.
buy it because of that, but I recycle my Coors Light cans. My little
The difference here is the way The Stop integrates the fun of cooking and eating with gardening, composting and discussions about health, farming, social justice, the environment and more. They do it with drama games and lots and lots of hands-on activities. More and more I think that this kind of active, integrative approach that helps children makes the links between their personal choices and the world around them is the only way to make real change in kids’ attitudes toward food—and as a result change the food system.
hits the mark.
The mountainside location and its proximity to the white beach in station 1 makes Escondido a one of a kind resort. The place offers an enchanting beauty that makes you experience nature at its finest.Escondido is ideally situated in station 1 where the best sugar fine white sand of the island is found. It is a minute walk to the beach and the hottest bars and restaurant in the area. Its location offers the privacy and tranquility you want and the accessibility to the hottest spots in the island.
Since I teach technology all the time in my work as a librarian, I’m always thinking in the back of my mind how authors can use technology to make their lives easier. Especially after attending the last meeting of my fabulous Romance Writers of America chapter (shout out to fellow Pocono Lehigh Romance Writers!), it was especially interesting to hear the published authors in that group discuss how much of the marketing of their book falls on their shoulders. Particularly when you already have a full-time job, it’s hard to imagine putting in hours and hours being an active presence on multiple social networks, even though you know you have to be visible.
I know this blog is meant to be sleeping but I wanted to add something. This week I was at the Angus Book Award ceremony. I didn't win but I had a lovely time, especially with the other authors and organisers. (Keren David won again! Clever lady.)
This upcoming season will be their first campaign in the Independent Canadian/American League. Why the switch? The Bears have suffered from woeful attendance over the years and the cumulative effect has taken a mighty toll on club operations. The Can/Am League allows the Newark Bears to play a shorter schedule in addition to having to endure less extensive road trips. These measures are hoping to bring down expenses while the organization, under new management, tries to stabilize financial losses sustained over recent years.
frozen in the snow
and those goblet gutturals and redthroats
Yes. In infant seats, not convertible seats, it is ok for the straps to be above the baby's shoulders if the baby's shoulders are below the lowest strap setting.
relations. I told her what I’m hearing from my U.S.
She said nothing, and I hoped it sunk into her arm like a needle. I pulled into the Best Western like she asked me to, and waited outside with the baby while she dragged the car seat into the lobby. I bounced him in my arms, trying to calm his crying. But he strained away from me, reaching his arms to the door where his mother’s shape had disappeared. He wanted her, only her. Only his mommy.
pretended that it really
Sorgi had some success with the Wisonsin Badgers, but was not a highly touted prospect coming out of college. He’s known throughout the NFL as Peyton Manning’s backup; not the best reputation to have. But with that moniker has to come with it some sort of knowledge gained. Surely, six years of clipboard holding made him a student of the game. If nothing else, he is a veteran NFL backup quarterback who can be smart and accurate if he is called upon.
So, as you can see from that list, we start with crime, move on to war and its heroes (or "heroes"), spend some time with juvenile delinquents, and end up with a variety of deviant women.
* It also contains high amounts of vitamin K and omega-3 fatty acids
I have caught a bit of the travel bug lately. Unfortunately, I am in no financial spot to go traipsing around the world despite how much I want to. I can, however, go back in time a bit and reminisce about some adventures I have had. I took out a few photos from my travels through Hungary. This was almost 8 years ago to the day. It was such an awesome experience and I had so much fun. The downsides: I found no one spoke any English and I couldn't speak that much Hungarian so TONS of stuff was lost in translation and restaurant food got a bit dicey sometimes. By the end I was sticking to only MacD's because at least I could count on recognizing the food! Of course all this makes for funny stories now so I wouldn't have had it any other way.
Affirming their commitment to promote sustainable development in the Philippines, ASSIST, Development Bank of the Philippines (DBP), European Chamber of Commerce in the Philippines (ECCP) and the Environmental Management Bureau of the Department of Environment and Natural Resources (EMB-DENR) signed a memorandum of agreement for the Green Financing project last April 12, 2012 at the DBP Executive Lounge.
It took me a few seconds to figure out he was referring to the Haruspicus. In his game he’d been sent to investigate a body of one of the infected citizens that had been sliced open and left in the street, and his investigation ended up pointing to me as the perpetrator. But there was no evidence as to why I’d done it. Whereas in my game, yeah, I’d snuck up on a doomed man and cut him open, but I knew it was justified. For thousands of years the Haruspicus had held the right to open the dead in situations like this; what I’d done was the most natural thing in the world. To try and save the thousands of men, women and children in the town who were at risk, I’d brought one death on just a couple of days early. Sue me.
The result is that what we have been calling “the problem of rationality” turns out to be an instance of a quite general metaphysical problem, the form/matter problem. Now I can discuss the “resolution” to the problem of rationality that this constitutes, but first there are two discussions that are owed to those who have read up to here. The first discussion is about the relationship between the form-matter distinction and materialism: is materialism unable to give a naturalistic account of the formal properties of the universe, including the mind? The second discussion is about whether or not an eliminativist, externalist solution to the problem of representation (such as the one I proposed in the first half of this chapter) can coexist with a Platonic resolution to the problem of rationality.
Sunday, 19 September 2010 10:21 Written by Guest Writer
So as most of you may no, it already has been a big offseason. This offseason has had tons of changes that have changed your favorite teams roster/staff.
I am also going to make the crispy treats featured on this site (January 24th post) - great for lunch boxes, a pre or post workout snack or as a special after dinner treat for your kiddos! (I'll use a new find, Enjoy Life flex puffs, in place of crispy rice cereal).
The bad news is the colour came out a bit too dark for my personal preference. I can see a bit of Burgundy going on which I'm not keen on but its my own fault for not being braver and going for a brighter red shade.
Have I told you lately, how much I LOVE my Perfect Layers tools??? I use them on any card that has mats. I know a lot of you think it's just easier to use your ruler to measure the size you want and then use your paper trimmer to cut to that size... but I find that no matter how much I love my paper trimmer, it's never exact for the smaller measurements.... and then there is the whole thing about trying to put the top layer on the next layer and making sure everything is straight.
Diligently is a strong word but not this strong this word the only word they were to talk about as if it was the only thing that was important. Lord when do we do this?
Does it bother you if the windows don’t open,
