Without that connection it is still possible to be happy in an exclusive love relationship with someone. Yes, you will be able to get along but don't be surprised if eventually the desire for that connection becomes intense. It is often like a hunger and almost as strong as the urge for food. You may not die without it but you feel you can't fully live. Ideally you reconnect. But that takes two and if you don't it may be time to decide how important to your life this connection is. For me it's vital.
Hot Rod released his single "Dance With Me" no December 17th, 2010, to the world on his label G Note Records.
That’s not the most appealing opening paragraph, is it? No… But since ‘that’ movie came out a few years ago, bucket lists seem to be popping up all over the place. Time Out recently had a ’101 Things To Do Before You Die’ feature in their magazine, which made me think “Hmm… Having adventured about the world over the past few months, there are so many fun things to do in this fair city…. Maybe I should make my OWN ‘Things to do’ list (without the morbidity factor) that might inspire activity and adventure for Wembolina readers?”.
Short-term peaks in fires were associated with abrupt climate changes: warming or cooling.
Johnny Rotten/Lydon had on me. There are some parallels
I feel as if I’d be more capable of spreading the faith through lay ministry rather than priesthood. I love love love the Sacraments, and I absolutely adore the Holy Eucharist. However I don’t particularly feel a desire to administer them. I more feel a need to spread the love of them and teach others about how awesome they are! The graces that they extend to people like me with a sinful past, and how they provide hope for us all.
The state has never carried on the nationalizing of industries further than the interests of the ruling classes demanded, nor will it ever go further than that. So long as the property-holding classes are the ruling ones, the nationalization of industries and capitalist functions will never be carried so far as to injure the capitalists and landlords or to restrict their opportunities for exploiting the proletariat.”
In addition, these "Pringoleras" will carry signs that say "Keep your hands off my peanut butter!" and Smorgen hopes to turn the obelisk in the center of 9 de Julio into a giant bottle of Tobasco.
“Oh, my darling boy!” she crooned “What a beautiful boy you are! Father, thank you for this little one who is special to you. Keep on giving him new strength and keep showing me what I need to do next.”
A mere two steps away from becoming law, Software freedom activist Richard Stallman told RT CISPA undermines the Constitution by nearly abolishing “people’s right not to be unreasonably searched.”
There have been a lot of fall starts in the Buffalo Bills’ search for a franchise quarterback to replace Hall-of-Famer Jim Kelly. They thought they had one in 3rd round pick Todd Collins in 1995. He didn’t work out. They thought they had one when they traded the #9 pick in the 1998 NFL draft for Jaguars back-up Rob Johnson. He didn’t work out. They thought they had one when they traded their 2003 1st round pick to the New England Patriots for Drew Bledsoe. He didn’t quite work out either.
In the Tylenol/Motrin example, you might broaden your social media listening to track all conversations, for example, about arthritis. When the SOV analysis is redone as an SOC analysis, you get very different results. Tylenol has a miniscule share — 1.7 percent — of the conversations about arthritis, versus aspirin’s 98.3 share. The self-satisfied Tylenol brand manager who thought the brand dominated online conversations would be shocked to see Tylenol is barely in the game for arthritis.
The schlenkerla has been on tap at a few places this year.
Said from our guide the goal of the project is to showcase past, present and future houses. That excites me to wait for more.
I saw this super, duper cute pillow from darling Aimee at Twigg Studios and I knew I had to make my own! Well, I love most of the pillows she makes- but since I don't sew, this was the only one I thought I could make! Haha!
Tracking a cell phone is not difficult at all. All you need is a genuine good quality cell phone gps location tracking software, internet access, and an e-mail account. GPS location tracking is very commonly used. Through it you can track a person’s exact location. Chance of cheating you becomes nil. The first step that you have to take is searching for an authentic company which will provide you with good quality software. Internet is the cheapest and convenient way of searching through. Several companies are enlisted who can easily lure you by their attractive prices and unending features. But you should be careful to choose the right and genuine company.
Singaporean Dudes can now keep their flip-flops and put on these summer shoes to look good while feeling great. No stinky feet too by the way.
Shame about the heart attack, they tried to revive him but he just could'nt BEAT IT, BEAT IT.
Hello my little ginger snaps! As some of you may know if you’ve been reading my blog, I’m going down to Florida in a few day’s for spring break. I have been acting like a kid on Christmas eve for the past week just awaiting that beautiful coach bus to come pick me up with 40 other students who will all most likely be completely smashed within the first hour of our 24 hour trip…anyway.
Then:
Even without an audience and only a teacup for company, the Mad Hatter kept talking. I remember the old days, he said to no one in particular since there was no one in particular there. He stopped and thought for a moment, then began again, this time speaking of Charles not as himself, but as someone else.
“Me and the boy is just that. I am Tanya, and the boy is my son Val. I have been a stay at home mom since his birth, I had no choice as my son had many issues. He's almost 4 now. Having ADHD and him as well, life can be very interesting…like many high needs kids needs alot of 1 on 1.
I was interested in how the Impressabilities would translate to vellum, so I tried some different ideas, and posted my results for you.
What a way to start the new year! My Horns finally make it back to the Big Show and Colt goes down on the first series, and my Horns go on to lose to a pretty good 'Bama team. Really proud of the way the Horns hung in there & especially of Gilbert's play in the 2nd Half. I'm looking forward to seeing Gilbert develop & what he looks like when he has a full season under his belt.
David Copperfield
Kidnappings, as part of a drug cartel or as part of a jihadist operation, which legitimizes crimes such as kidnapping and child slavery, have become increasingly common. To convert non-Muslims to their cause, Islamists also whip up—and then exploit—a sense of "grievance" against the "white man."
Men are fixers. They see women crying, they bring in their toolbox and follow Steps 1, 2, 3, and 4 to make it better. Yet, they can’t understand why there are no directions on the Internet for Dealing With a Crying Female and even if there were, why they’re not working, dammit! And finally, why scratching their balls while staring at us helplessly isn’t helping matters.
“Rela, don’t.” I breathed hoarsely looking at the slender girl in front of her.
The Adventures of Don Quixote – Cervantes
The man who shot himself in Athens, showed us the value of the exemplary withdrawal.
Stamps: Tiny Teacup, A Word for You
The third in our party, "Foodie Mentor's Sister", and I practically got whiplash from flitting between the pages of the menu, excited by the creative sounding descriptions. We decided to share two starters so we can sample more dishes. The first was Carpetbagger Oysters ($25), which scored major points for presentation - they looked like elaborate oyster creations that happened to wash up on a sandbar, in a perfect line. To breakdown the elements of the dish - truffle mash is stuffed in oyster shells, then sitting over the stuffed shells are crispy fried kusshi oysters wrapped in beef carpaccio, topped by a dollop of spicy aioli, all sitting on a bed of salt. Unfortunately, the taste did not live up to the expectations built up by the visuals. The truffle mash tasted bland, and...waxy! Scooping the mash out with a spoon was like picking wax out of...ok, I won't finish this sentence, as this is afterall a foodie blog and that's not very appetizing! The oysters and beef were equally flavorless - we understood the aioli's function was to give a kick of flavor, so we popped the whole contraption in whole - as an amuse bouche - to see if that would make a difference. The aioli registered as spicy, but the oysters and carpaccio, which formed the bulk of that mouthful were not enhanced by the drop of aioli - in terms of taste, they remained disparate parts - you taste the aioli, and then the bland nothingness of the oyster wrapped in beef. I also tried adding a pinch of the 'sand' (coarse grain salt), but that was also fairly mild and didn't do much for the dish. It's too bad, as I really wanted to be madly in love with this dish - the level of disappointment is similar to meeting a guy that looks amazing and interesting from across the room, and you start fantasizing how perfect it would be to date him - only to find out he has absolutely zero personality when you get up close!
Working out with friends is fun. It provides a distraction from the workout and usually can keep me going for longer since I don’t want to let my partner down. My problem is that I love working out in the morning. My schedule this semester has me not in the classroom before noon every day so I have plenty of time to wake up and get ready to start my day! My friends? Not so much.
Human nature is stubborn. It is anchored in this sensory reality of what it’s been told to think it is. It’s illusory, but nonetheless a very strong attachment that needs to be transcended.
Some days I feel sluggish and like I am wading throug syrup. Chronic fatigue has been my companion for almost 20 years thanks to chronic Lyme disease. Many people wouldn’t believe that-after all I was a professional wildlands firefighter, I run/walk, I went to horseshoeing school, and I have done many things that to most people are signs of an active person.
E also began CCD last week and will have her first gymnastic and dance lessons this week on Monday night. She also had her first Daisy meeting of the year last Tuesday and was so happy to reconnect with the girls in her troop. Big G started PreK and was so pooped on Friday after spending the three previous afternoons out of the house that he napped. Bonus for mom! He's doing so well, he's begun reading the Level 1 Bob books and is making some progress in Math For A Living Education at home with me.
1: Finding a Christmas Tree
Karin Kasper: Media strategies begin with each client’s specific needs and the product evaluation evolves from there. Client needs and products vary by geography. What works in one area may differ in another based on the target audience and the product’s ability to effectively reach that audience.
And in the yime of the zime the time-matter fabric of the Alblackica clock
I did get the call yesterday! You are probably asking, what call? The call from L & L Yard Goods saying they were starting their Buck A Block. The first blocks were ready to pick up as well as the finishing kits. So I had to hurry down there yesterday to pick that up. I haven't started on them yet, there are 2 each month, because I am still working on those Log Cabin blocks. Getting closer though.
Lynn Redgrave (Gods and Monsters)
07. Red Rat - Mix Up Melissa
Seller Info: T26
My sister lived in the seaside town of Lossiemouth and she'd asked me to pick up my nephew Derek (who was 5) from school and take him back to our Mum's house.
I have never come across this story before. Wow! So much truth and inspiration in it; let’s take a look:
I am angry.
by Cookin' Cowgirl
Buy the Zeiss 2,8/21 from;
Well, the story doesn't end there. After the thrush had been gone for a month or so, I started to slip. Sometimes I would forget to take the vinegar, probiotics or flax seed. I stayed pretty true to the food at meal time, but I started to sneak an illicit snack in the afternoons. I started a little ritual of a pastry and a decaf coffee in the late afternoon. It gave me something to look forward to, and seemed to help ground me in this new, unfamiliar landscape. It was my secret little treat. To top it all off, I devoured a box of homemade peppermint bark sent to us by NYC friends in just two days. Of course, my body was on to my secret. I started to develop dry, itchy red patches of skin at my hairline and behind my ears (I'm sure a doctor would diagnose it as either eczema or psoriasis). I have had a lifelong battle with dandruff and itchy scalp, but this was much worse. I knew the pastries had to go, and I had to become more serious about ditching the sugar and the grain. A couple of weeks back on the wagon, and the patches are gone.
Prepare your 20cm tin see above.
The “ongoing colonisation of occupied Palestinian land” must be the most useless and pathetic colonisation in history, since Israel has not built any new settlements since the 1990s. As for Apartheid, we’ve been over all that before many times on this blog. Elder of Ziyon also has an excellent series of posters demonstrating how false this analogy is.
Bang! Loss of Job and moving after 20 years of marriage
CD: Where did you grow up and where did you go to school and college?
to preach good news to the poor.
Dear Readers, If you have felt this, please feel free to let me know. Because at the alarming rate I seem to be traveling It would be nice to know that I am not alone in this endless pursuit of what ? I can only call it something better something more, a life to lead, a career to be proud of and in turn some reward for the work I put into life, at the speed I consume life.
When is not mosquitoes attacking, is peas tins, when is not peas tins is Muslims in fake assassination attempts, and when is not Muslims, is journalists who refuse to do more analysis in their pieces!
When in my mind your lips touch my lips
Justin Wolfers, the assistant professor of business and public policy at The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, who conducted the survey, tried to explain the matter to one of our reporters. Here’s the transcript:
The freebie this month is Mo Stooge and here is what I created using the freebie image:
And I know that holiday movies are no vacation time for these boneheads to take a break and give their crayons a cooling-off period. So why not display some of what makes the holiday not very merry at all?
626-449-2742
Anna was a private person, accept she needed to write everything that happened in her life from how many times they’d made her yell, to how she would cry herself to sleep at the pains in her stomach when she didn’t get what she wanted, what she craved the most off them. And now her mum knew too, probably the stuff she couldn’t even remember, she wanted to scream at her and tell her that she was no longer her little girl – she’d done, and seen many things that would have easily reaffirmed that but she didn’t have the energy to stand and argue. Her thoughts were occupied with brown eyes, and teasing hands touching parts that tingled. Instead she locked her self in her room, climbed into bed and fell in to a long sleep, she woke in the morning to find a note on her bed side table with a number titled ”Help and Support” . It seemed her mother still didn’t knock…
However, the majority in society can be mobilized to defend our living standards in a direct way. The rich have stopped investing in society on a scale that is historic; our governments are looting our services and pay to make up the gambling debts of these same billionaires. We are on a trajectory toward leaving society as bare and sodden as Dame Street plaza is now.
The beauty of the full moon, the Goddess in the night,
And now for some inspiration from Mary, our wonderful guest from The Ribbon Girl, and from our great Design Team.....
Our niece and some of her friends from school were riding my brother’s four-wheeler a few weeks ago. The girls are way too young to know who Evel Knievel is, but they were riding that four-wheeler like they were possessed by his ghost, looking for something to jump.
Because of all this, I left for work exactly ten minutes later than usual.
If you are intending to enter you will need to already be or be prepared to become a financial member of Romance Writers of New Zealand
Medeva filed five SPC applications with the UK's IPO, seeking supplementary protection for DTPa-IPV/HIB vaccines covering diphtheria (D), tetanus (T), whooping cough (Pa), poliomyelitis (IPV) and/or meningitis (Haemophilus influenzae, also known as ‘HIB’). In support of those applications, Medeva submitted marketing authorisations (MAs) granted by the French, German and UK authorities for a range of medicinal products each of which contained, in addition to the combination of pertactin and filamentous haemagglutinin, between eight and 11 other active ingredients.
e = a b d g
no piercings of any kind
- Friends/Family success
Cutaneous field stimulation (CFS) was found to safely relieve experimentally induced itching for a longer time period than TENS. CFS electrically stimulates nerves in the skin to harmlessly mimic scratching and inhibit the itch sensation.
He replied: “Soo where did you and your friend follow me from…?”, to which I assured him; “Ha, I didn’t follow you (that would be creepy), you were behind me, I guess you live on the same street as her. Anyway, she’s crazy, sorry again!”
1. I always forget to send cards even though I make a ton of them!!!
TIGHT-ARSED blokes: Only date girls called Natalie, Carol, Holly or Eve. Chances are their birthday is around Christmas and you won't have to shell out for a present until then, by which time they will have chucked you.
I pour milk in cup, he pours milk in bowl and proceeds to whisk...I think we are done...I am wrong!
**Sometimes he tries to talk so old... but he's just not. "Being great means being really good at something... like caring... or being able to carry 4 things at once."
Fury: Miranda Lambert has taken to Twitter to blast Chris Brown after his appearance at the Grammys
The deal is, you purchase the chocolates at a heavily discounted (set) price and then you get to keep the profits from every box. For example, there are 24 blocks of chocolate in a Dairy Milk Box. They are $2.50 to sell, however you pay Cadbury $1.25 per block. Therefore, at the end of the day, you get $30, and they get $30. Do as I have done and sell 40 of these, and there is $1200 in the bank.
As these and a multitude of other familiar comforts have slotted into their usual places, I have happily given in to mishy-mashy sentimentality. Oh come all ye ghosties, joyful and triumphant.
- him and me -
Crayon. (cray-on)
I am thinking, if you dislike reading, you are not going to own an eReader or eReader apps on your tablet. I mean, if you don’t like reading, why would you get a kindle app on your tablet? Newspapers and magazines are one thing, whole books are something else.
I have no fear nor shrinking. I have seen death so often that it is not strange or fearful to me. I thank God for this ten weeks' quiet. Life has always been hurried and full of difficulty. This time of rest has been a great mercy. They have all been very kind to me here. But this I would say, standing in view of God and eternity, I realise that patriotism is not enough. I must have no hatred or bitterness towards anyone.
At 12 0'clock I awake from from a half sleep with a start. Something prompts me to look at phone which had put on silence. Missed call. Was Forest of Dean Radio. Had arranged for one of my regualar guests on show who does a travel feature to fill in for me, with me do the travel feature from Spain. Look at time on phone. See that it is 12 0'clock and think that FOD radio were calling early, as know that they are not going to call me until 12, which is 1 p.m. Spanish time. Just about to try to have another doze, but something prompts me to decide to call them back. Look down at my phone again. It's Forest of dean Radio AGAIN. Answer. Hi Sally, we'll just put you on hold and then we'll bring you in. Oh, why is it so early I think. Suddenly realise that my clock in British time and they are calling me at 12.10. Do feature in bathroom, in nightie so as not to wake ED who is still sleeping like a baby.
I got into the venue at 10am and chatted up some of the other volunteers waiting to check in. The other volunteers I spoke to were from CT, RI, NY and MA - a much more diverse crowd than the people I spoke to actually attending the festival. There were college-aged kids, older men and younger women. Many of them just felt that helping out would be a good thing to do and enjoyed the perks of being able to try beer during break. Others were much more serious and planning on opening breweries or becoming head brewers and had come to the festival to scope out the competition. I fell somewhere in between those two extremes.
And tried again to call LAN.
But tonight I am actually going to update!
The it was time for the cheese course. Picholine’s cheese service is like nothing I’ve ever seen before. The restaurant has a “Matire d’Fromage”, and the cheese cart contains all sorts of interesting cheeses. Usually the restaurant offers three cheeses in lieu of dessert; I was going to be ambitious and get one cheese and dessert. It didn’t work out that way; after the cheese course, I was quite full and just called it a day.
SOUTA HAS FEELINGS FOR INORI
I was hesitant to start a new blog but in the end I decided it was just what I had to do.
Sometimes life gives you things that you can not easily digest.
It has been emptied.
After about 100 days of running Study the Word! I decided to start another website, this is PAD, Proclaim and Defend the Word!
We had that engine runnin' just like a song!
So it means that even if you runaway or hide from God… those won’t work.
Did they offer it?
One will never know the truth, and neither will one ever be 100% sure which organizations, groups, blogs, forums, etc.. have been set up as a façade to gather intelligence. Neither will one ever know which journalists are being utilized in intelligence operations, as this publication suggests. It’s enough to drive one silly, but this is the awkward truth of the matter – take it or leave it!
Newcastle City Council wants to continue regenerating the area and create a vibrant urban village but the current state of the river, with a large drop to the water and an unsightly exposed bed at low tide, is seen as a disincentive to future development.
On the subject - As Scotland's largest independent brewery, Brew Dog have scampered along very impressively since their arrival on the market in 2007. Loved, loathed, but seldom ignored. But then, it's hard to ignore a dog that never stops barking.
Fashion designer Betsey Johnson’s company filed for bankruptcy protection Thursday night in New York, following poor performance in its chain of retail stores.
These are completely unique – I am planning on making just one more of each style, but they will all have different buttons.
Mr Cameron, who had dined the night before with other leaders on black cod with onion ragout washed down with a 2009 Sancerre wine, said that he regretted that the decision, taken seven years ago, to build a new EU venue could not be reversed.
Bent double, like old beggars under sacks,
“Therefore do not be anxious about tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself. Sufficient for the day is its own trouble.” – Matthew 6:34
Or when the blasting tempests blow, and all their shelter is a nest?
the latitude of
Hearts of steel
“No black woman writer in this culture can write “too much”. Indeed, no woman writer can write “too much”…No woman has ever written enough.” –bell hooks
I usually hang up feeling fifty percent relieved and fifty percent total jerk… 'jerk' because I know how it feels to get your feelings hurt by your kid who doesn't seem to want to talk to you. I don't know why it's so much work for me, but it's a fact that I literally cringe when that damn phone rings and that those fifty minutes feel like ten hours of my life I will never get back.
Thursday, June 28th–I went by St. Mary’s downtown, then went to St. Louis Church for Adoration.
That being said, this is such a perfect, perfect moment that I can't help but share. Do any of you have a bucket list? You know, things to do before you kick the big one? A couple years ago, I came up with a list of 100 things to do before I die...MY bucket list.
I loved my mother in law dearly. I still miss her.
And yet there’s something about the ending that feels … do I dare say it feels like a change in the air? Not revelation, not transformation, but something new. Please watch We Need to Talk About Kevin and tell me what you think. I for one can’t stop thinking about it.
Please contact me and let me know if you want the cocktail napkins or the guest towels and what initial you would like.
History 101, here is a condensed version.
May the Lord direct your lives: Paul prays that God will direct our lives, a prayer that God loves to answer.
Well there’s the first of them. Managing my time, especially when it comes to long-term programming assignments, is definitely not my specialty. Sure, I think of the due date as one day sooner, especially for the extra credit point, but that doesn’t seem to change my procrastination habits at all. I really have to plan out how to work on my assignments more efficiently. Something like one method a day, at least. That way, I can get my code written more quickly and I won’t have to stay up all night the night before it’s due writing nothing but comments. I tell myself all of this every time a new assignment rolls around, but I can never seem to stick to it.
Cain's record on private sector achievement is unmatched by anyone presently serving in government, and I would dare say, anyone who has ever served in government. The Commerce Department's entire raison d'etre is for the purpose of job creation, sustainment and helping keep the economy healthy and vibrant. Herman is the man for the job.
Yet the big question was relegated to the back burner at the fourth sitting of the joint session. While questions riddling the common man may not be big enough for our high handed politicians to address,recent developments in the country marked by an escalation of violence that doesn’t have Taliban written all over it is serious enough to have everything else take the back seat.
It can be as small as a smile and a wave.
Two days later the Doc had us getting blood test, getting a sonogram the next day, and back in with her two days later. At that second appointment she has us run down the street to get a CT. WE made a joke out of the whole things as normal.
Felting the creatures in three dimension, or "painting with felt" scenes
8. Beyond the Mystic Portal of Madness
And what is with the hats?
...when I had to bring the pansies inside
2 1/2 tsp. yeast
So Jason and Brian (best friends & business partners) gracefully move through their presentation with back and forth banter about drinking 40s and starting up a company out of their basement. They humorously described the endless amounts of hard work that went into this project and how things just kept going wrong. But the point was that what started as a silly side project became this thing that harbored a lot of passion for these guys. The vision goes way beyond posters and coffee cups.
"I told you, he's already here. He returned in 1914 and established the millennial kingdom."
Did you know that there are places at Drayton Hall where you can stand before a brick in the wall and place your fingers in the indentations left by the fingers that formed that brick more than two and a half centuries ago? Unless you make a habit of staring at brick walls you probably wouldn’t know this. I only mention it because my colleague Joe Mester and I have spent an inordinate amount of time staring at bricks lately, and as such, have had ample opportunity to think about the hands that made them.
1 carrot, thinly julienne
The COP last night warned us to fear the PNM like a nightmare….yet it seems that our real nightmare is that we voted a Partnership into power that is filled with toothless hypocrites. This COP has sat by and looked on as the country flailed under poor governance and misstep after misstep and said nothing. Is this self same Ramadhar who first defended Reshmi’s appointment as SIA head then do a back pedal and said “I don’t know the woman.”
Congrats Debbie!
Elizabeth tightened her grip on the reins. As if they weren’t late enough already! She had to get to the Tower, they didn’t even know if Will had reached London alive. All innkeepers had looked blank when she described him, although she saw two of them watching her afterwards with an expression of pity.
There's a convenient changing table, a handy side storage pocket, easy-roll wheels, a travel bag, plus a colorful toy bar to delight baby. And like all Bright Starts™ products, this playard is an unbeatable value. Part of our coordinated Sunnyside Safari™ Collection. Start the fun with Bright Starts!™
30. Caffeine decreases your ability to absorb calcium, magnesium, sodium, zinc and chloride. This increases your risk of a whole host of illnesses including osteoporosis.
Not only do they spend most of their time away from you, they may be talking about your business in other venues. Thus you may be able to learn a lot about how to improve your ROE by looking at how others are addressing the community.
Since the days of Prohibition, Juarez has been a place for First World visitors to come and indulge in any number of illicit pleasures (alcohol, guns, drugs, sex). It is also the site where global capital has been making a killing to the tune of billions of dollars in annual profit…Because pollution laws are conveniently lax, the factories can emit fumes and dump waste without much concern or coversight. For all these reason, the U.S.-Mexico border has been made into something of an international sacrifice zone.
and then we generally move on to the next new item we're considering.
“Why would I form a trust to do illegal activities and put my child in that trust and my grandmother in that trust?”
Before dinner, Ed and Susan Auler took us on a trip on the Fall Creek Ranch. This is Fall Creek Falls. It was stunning and serene at the same time. We stopped for some wine and smoked Alaskan salmon caught by Ed Auler on a trip to Alaska!
"We expected a government interdict. They did it in 2007, so it's not new. We will go to court and defend ourselves. I don't know why they compare this to apartheid. The truth is there was no national protected strike before 1994. To make a comparison is naive and ignorant."
“…the liberty of the Press is called the Palladium of Freedom, which means, in these days, the liberty of being deceived, swindled, and humbugged by the Press and paying hugely for the deception.” – Mark Twain 1870
15. Living In America - James Brown / 4:41
Nudging has become a gold-plated, jew-jitsu for me :)
When they meet with an obstacle, mount to the sky,
nor pride, nor passion, nor sense, nor longing,
I’ve had only a very short while to sort through the pics I took in London yesterday, so I’ll probably post a few more over the next few days. Here’s a couple of icons to get the ball rolling.
This week we have a sketch for you. You can flip it or modify it slightly, but you must use a digi and follow this sketch in order to be eligible for the prize. Complete Challenge Rules are listed below.
A man - big, black, peering in.
* Need a different color? Buy an empty marker and mix up your own custom color. Get a very pale blue by mixing blue ink with blending solution.
Succeeding his debut album “Rough Upbringing” (2004), Musical Sniper (aka Rappa Robert) shines with his soulful vocals on this new riddim from Rootstime Production (2012). Produced by Grammy nominated reggae guitarist Jason “Jahson” Murphey, this track features african style tenor guitar lines, smooth keyboards, and reggae rooted drum and bass. No stranger to the studio, Musical Sniper recorded this song fresh after his session singing harmonies on a new Freddie McGregor tune soon to be released. His seasoned vocals exhibit DJ precision in a smooth tenor reminiscent of the great Jimmy Cliff and singer Tabby of the Mighty Diamonds.
:: First published in Big Issue Cymru.
One of my childhood favorites is "oh jian" or Malaysian style oyster omelette. It is one of the hawker delights and usually we would order this in addition to our dinner (usually fried or soupy noodle). It has a gelatinous texture and kind of gooey with crispy edges. Normally serve with sambal. In Taiwan, they have their own version too which is called "oh ah jian" but theirs was ladle with a lot of sauce. This starch mixture recipe of mine came from a Taiwanese cooking show. I adapted their flour ratios and played with the water amount. I failed the first attempt which created a hard starch and not gelatinous.
The NNRE may offer a way out of the dilemma by reframing natural resources as assets to be managed for the long term. It emphasizes a multifunctional landscape that balances agricultural and natural resource production with amenities for recreation and cultural activities and protective natural services such as air and water purification, biodiversity, and flood and erosion control. Activities and businesses comprising the NNRE may not be new; what is new is accounting for them collectively as an emerging economic sector in its own right that can help diversify rural economies and increase local resilience and economic autonomy.
I am undone by a pair of lips.
RF7 - Fall In (Smoke Seven 1982)
(Watch out for her new album, which she’s about to record in Italy; it’s going to be a good one).
Dr Susan Limber says "Children and youth who are bullied are more likely than other children to be depressed, lonely, anxious; have low self-esteem; feel unwell; and think about suicide"
The D30 table below gives a list of possible unfortunate events that can befall a land. thoug hthe term kingdom is used extensively in the chart, this is just a simplification and these issues could befall any political body regardless of governmental style. Though the chart's results are written from the perspective of the land the players are in at the time, they could easily be reversed or otherwise reversed to refer to some neighboring land close enough to draw the party to it.
And when you do not believe in yourself
But last week we realized she had left and wasn't coming back
It is a new “double record” for president Dilma, as it is the highest popularity she has reached since taking office in January 2011, and it is also the highest approval rate any president has ever reached in this stage of government, 15 months of office. At this time, in his first administration, Lula had a 38% approval and Fernando Henrique Cardoso had 30%. Even in his second administration, Lula had a 55% approval after 15 month. That is, 9% less than the 64% reached by president Dilma Rousseff.
We are back from our whirlwind tour of Australia. I will be suffering from jet lag tomorrow considering it's 11:30 and I'm still awake. I rarely stay up past 10. I'm an 80 year old trapped in a 29 year old's body.
So from now on, should we no longer assume that everyone understands the basic idea that a ball, once set in motion, can hit a person? At the same time, should we start insisting on protective eyewear every time a moving ball is invovled? Goggles?, I guess?
“Get the package,” said the voice from the room harshly.
*coffee break*
(Apparently coffee DOES fix everything.)
Now, let's move on to the exciting stuff, shall we? Today, I want to talk about caring for your clothes. We all wash and dry our clothes. And, if you're over 35 or failed to fall prey to the current younger generations ( my generations) mindset, then you most likely iron your clothes as well. And, at least once or twice a year, we probably all take something to the dry cleaners. But there is so much more to caring for your clothes than slapping them in a washer and scorching them in the dryer. Of course there is the washing, either by hand or machine, drying with either a dryer, a clothesline, or anywhere you can find to hang them if you're like me, and then there is the ironing and starching to look crisp and clean. Caring for your clothes also can include mending and repairs, like sewing on a button or reenforcing a seam.
I roasted it at 425 for about 30 minutes to brown and crisp the skin. The fat started to drip in the roaster and was slightly smoking, so fire safety dog Abby started freaking out and insisted on staying outside during the process. She came back in when I lowered the oven to 375 for the rest of the cooking time. Abby likes to overreact.
"This is proper minimalism, the art of LaMonte Young. Only while Young longed desperately for a trance-state, MCIAA start in one and work from there...it is so staggering, so mesmerizing, and makes music on its own terms so definitely, that it has a certain menacing, willfully unpretty and monolithic grandeur, like some intractable slab of rock, or a vast, empty desert." - STYLUS
... daylight savings time ends much later than I thought! (November 7th)
“What’s left on the farms? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. Just some walls. It’s a terrible sight. I don’t even go there now. It makes me depressed just to look on it. A life’s work in ruins.
*1 pound Jerusalem artichokes, sliced into water with 1 Tablespoon lemon juice added
*Cheers!*
Arise - Tara Hudson (I'll be giving this away on the blog soon!)
We break His heart daily and yet He still stands there, with fullness of joy, yet I’m sure an indescribable longing for me to just look at Him. I slam the door in His face. I ignore His phone calls. But when I want something I remember good ‘ol God. It blows my mind that He still listens…because He is patient, He is kind. He doesn’t take into account the wrong suffered to Him.
The celebrations and mentions of mothers all around, accidentally reminded me of my mother (yea almost accidentally, coz I was never close to her).
Afternoon all. Thank you for all your get well wishes - I've spent the last three days coughing, sleeping and sweating. My head has felt full of razor-blades and someone has swapped my legs for jelly. I can't blame Toad entirely for this as it has been through his office like a wildfire - I think they have all been off with it sometime over the last week. It's a nasty germ that's for sure.
Supra Pop Impressions sounds surprisingly modern despite being recorded nearly 40 years ago. It is absolutely rife with blistering guitar solos, wicked basslines, and funky beats. On an album loaded with so many killer tracks it is hard to pick a favorite. "Roses and Revolvers" certainly stands out as one of the strongest in my opinion though. Shimmering harpsichord melodies collide with heavy hip-hop beats and a wicked funky bassline. Beat-diggers will absolutely love this one, as I'm sure the rest of you will. As the name suggests, "Once In My Country" lays down some funky blues guitar riffs with a hint of country twang. "Krishna Mission" is a fun track dominated by energetic and driving harpsichord melodies which are complimented by bluesy guitar riffs, with that country twang appearing once more. At the halfway point, the harpsichord gives way a seriously heavy beat, along with a blistering guitar solo which interjects to steal the show.
3. What materials and tools do you use?
waiting for your command
"Give and Take...
Iranian politicians, including Ashtiani, have been recently criticised for interferring in the country's sports. The MP's forehead in the cartoon (as also in reality) has a dark mark, said to be the sign of a pious muslim, caused (supposedly) by frequent prostration during prayer.
(Nope, I can't even try to say that one....) Rebecca too us to that town to go shopping at a shopping center. We had pizza from a "Pizza Hut" type pizza place for lunch. The terrain is so different in this area, compared to Malawi. It is very flat and open- there aren't villages lining all the roads. And the roads are paved.
Bleeeechhh.
Some readers may be familiar with this story as the information in it is not new. But many younger readers likely have never heard the tall tale of a man named Asa.
It consists of a long train of narrow-band upsweeping sounds of several seconds duration each. The source level is high enough to be recorded throughout the Pacific. It appears to be seasonal, generally reaching peaks in spring and fall, but it is unclear whether this is due to changes in the source or seasonal changes in the propagation environment. The source can be roughly located at 54o S, 140oW, near the location of inferred volcanic seismicity, but the origin of the sound is unresolved. The overall source level has been declining since 1991 but the sounds can still be detected on NOAA’s equatorial autonomous hydrophone arrays. Listen to the Upsweep sound
Level 19: MP Cost: 40, Duration: 570 seconds, All Stats: +10%.
Second, the breakup of colonialism in Africa, and particularly the extreme chaos of the Belgian departure from Congo in 1960, led to wholesale changes in the local markets for commercial sex. During the late colonial period, Central African prostitution generally took the form of a fairly stable institution where a "free woman" might perhaps have a handful of regular clients. In the wake of the Belgian departure, chaotic mass urbanization and pauperization transformed the local prostitution industry into one where the prostitutes had little choice but to turn dozens of tricks weekly with many more clients. This change in sexual habitus amplified the transmission of all sorts of STDs within urban centers of Congo and former French Central Africa, including HIV.
1½ tsp vanilla extract
Case in point: vintage-synth lovers and rising stars FM Belfast began life as a duo making a song as a Christmas present for friends. The band now consists of up to eight members on stage at any one time, delivering inspiring shows at the likes of South By Southwest and festivals worldwide.
On May 22, a devastating tornado hit Joplin, Missouri. Millions of people now know the story of Will Norton, the 18 year old who could not survive the storm that struck as he drove home from his high school graduation service.
Here are a few of my absolute favorites and how I like to wear them:
Unboxing:
This sequel to the 80s bastion of moldy cheese that was Highlander is reviled by many fans of the original movie for reasons that...well, let’s be honest, the reasons why people hate this sequel become apparent about a minute and a half into the movie. Maybe even before that. But is it really one of the worst sequels of all time? Is it really such a travesty? Well, why don’t we do that thing I always do and figure it out together?!
With four kids in school, I don't make a habit of going through their backpacks every night. Obviously. They pull out their homework and any papers for me, I help them with their homework if they need it, I check it, I sign their homework journal, and they put everything back into the bag. I guess, from now on, I'll have to ask, "Do you have any homework? Do you have any papers for me? Do you have anything that needs to be signed? Do you have any cartons of chocolate milk in your backpack?"
I'll say it again
And the sleepless nights;
Now most people believe that a great job was done in cleaning up the redundant docks to give us what we see today . . . whatever that is. What is less well known is that it was all done with public money while the land remained
Once the road regained its level flatness again, I could concentrate on my surroundings again. Mile after mile of the roadside was occupied by vineyards, orchards and berry fields; kiwi fruits, apple, pears and grapes were the dominate businesses. I know Michelle had wanted to see around an orchard, so we stopped to have a wander around. We chose one where we could park easily and since no-one seemed to be around we wandered through the hundreds of trees, marvelling at their abundance of fruit. Red apples clustered every branch on every avenue of trees. Huge pears caught the sunlight and shone golden, their leaves shimmering. The grapes had mostly been plucked, but there were a few bunches left hanging, nearly too ripe and loaded with sugars. You could almost taste the wine in them. Windfall lay everywhere, all red, gold and green. The floor resemble led a child ball pit, multi coloured polka dots against the emerald grass.
Pre- Christian Origin
The wintering ducks are dwindling in number now. Only a partial handful of Juncos remain in our garden. The Black-headed Grosbeak has begun to sing. The dogwood is blooming. I’ve seen some swallowtail butterflies, ants on the march, sunsets after dinner. Bullock’s Oriole daily at the Dog Park, Green Herons in the willows and now Wilson’s Warbler. Must be spring.
ACTIVITIES AND
Paul Klemperer! An avid REEDER (who knows if he'll show up with sax or clarinet. Maybe both!)
Get high fiving… and let TomTom help your palms find one another.
-just started fake laughing (anytime anyone laughs he starts..pretty cute)
These are the times when I really wish that farming was easy. Mr. Farmer is frustrated with me. Let’s just say it’s because I get emotional. It’s almost like I can feel their pain, their suffering and it kills me inside. I will go without sleep, without food, without a shower just to make sure that a calf gets proper treatment. To me, it is my duty to make sure I can do everything within my ability to take care of them. I am their guardian, their protector, it is my responsibility.
Drawings for commissioned poster design must be submitted tomorrow and I am so tired. I have finally fallen totally to an unrecoverable depth of tango addiction and I have force myself to get enough rest in order to be as involved in the work as I am in the tango. I ignore people who want to visit the studio, I sleep very little. Twice this week I was still up when the light came and the birds started singing. You know it is really nice then, and who wants to go to bed on a summer day?
It's been about 4 years since I began seriously exploring and applying radical unschooling philosophies in our lives, and I have something now that is new and exciting and has made our home a place that is usually filled with peace - active, noisy, chaotic peace, and quiet, snuggly, mellow peace - and all the types between.
Supplies Needed:
Paranoia about Muslim fundamentalist movements and terrorism is causing Washington to make bad choices that will ultimately harm American interests and standing abroad.
Oriental Context
2a. DB Shrugs 5 x 15
Jennifer Lopez Hand: "Hey cholo, want to form an ethnic stereotype support group?"
The 2009 Grey Label changed its source to the Limestone Coast areas of Mount Benson and the emerging area of Robe just to the south on the coast – drought conditions had left the traditional areas of McLaren Vale and Langhorne Creek too saline, whereas these cool maritime areas are very promising indeed.Intense bright ruby colour and a minty eucalyptus, spice and coffee nose – the Cabernet is dominant to no small degree at the moment. Fresh, lively red fruit dominates the palate giving real elegance and lively balance. Richer chocolate, coffee and spice balance the juicy palate then the freshness and dry oak come in. There are some firm tannins here, but they are not aggressive and will soften with age – 91/100 points
I noted that come hell or high water, that poor overworked mower has to be torn down and cleaned and tuned when I get back, no excuses. It has likely mowed the eqivalent of an entire Rhode Island (776,957 acres, or 1,214 square miles)(No, I’m not kidding) without even a new spark plug, and the wheels are more wobbly than they are functional in a planar motion of rotation. Which is nerd-speak for, “They’re all fucked up.”
Here’s what lots of girls don’t know. Those “pretty women” that we see in magazines are fake. They’re often photoshopped, air-brushed, edited to look thinner, and to appear like they have perfect skin. A girl you see in a magazine probably looks a lot different in real life.
WE ARE BACK !
Prize: Bright Starts Sunnyside Safari Collection including the Chair Top High Chair, Plug in Sway & Swing, Portable Swing, Playard, and Saucer!
During these meetings, there is a lesson — a topic — that we discuss before going on to personal updates. One of today’s lessons started out: Grief brings with it a terrible and lonely loss. Instead of acknowledging the sentiment, and contemplating my terrible and lonely loss as I was supposed to, I looked at the words, and said, “No, it doesn’t.”
..... and here he is all finished! The finish means another goal completed! He was actually supposed to be half a page longer than this but because I struggled so much with the last page I really couldn't face stitching more of the same and I thought he looked great as he was so here is how he will stay!
Yep, you see it now... just the summary and the gorgeous picture of Daemon Black. No words came out. I can't think of the right words to describe this book. *Sucks. I just want to finish this review and head out to reading another book. I badly needed time and I've wasted too many hours staring at Daemon Black's photo.
I still can't believe that America actually voted Obama into office. I hear people say, "I'm going to give him a chance." SERIOUSLY?! You can't see that Obama literally spending away your social security and Medicare? You can't see that he is just adding to the MASSIVE DEBT we are already in? This stimulus package IS NOT a good thing... it's very very BAD! I also believe people are more emotionally tied to Obama than they should be... I heard Rush Limbaugh say, "I hope Obama fails." Well, many people were offended by that comment... Did he say that about you? No, he said it about Obama... why are YOU offended? Rush mean't that comment in the hopes that people would see who Obama really is and NOT be re-elected. The reason "you" are offended is because you care too much about the man and not enough about HIS polices. Which is EXACTLY how Obama wants you to feel... and for some reason the American PEOPLE don't see that! I do... I see right through him.
I am officially hating on the proxy right now. Why does China have to ban so. many. websites?! Anyway.
Every mom knows her limits. Those socks were the limit. The difference between writing in agony over a shirt made of acid and the way he acted by having those socks put on his legs was like saying he loved the shirt and just declared it his very favorite ever. I removed the sock, put it in my bag to attempt at the field, and herded the screaming boy to the van. I packed his long sleeved shirt he was previously wearing in the bag along with his shin guards and socks. It might be cold on the field, and he could wear that under the acidic green one.
This picture is to show you that we decided to let the liquid nails sit overnight so we put a lot of weight on top of the building plates to make sure there was a nice and solid attachment.
If you have managed to avoid eating your scraps straight up (mmm, lard...), gather them and re-chill. Roll out again and cut away until dough is gone.
I heard the same phrase time and time again.
While there are extra steps for making this walnut butter cake, it gives very soft and fragrant cake. I will certainly bake this again, as a whole cake, for the coming Chinese New Year.
Lead a good life!
The price does not include air or train fares to Paris, personal insurance, which you need to organise, and tips.
Effect on patent practice: In the meantime, the USPTO applicants will likely inundate the USPTO with prior art submissions. As the issue before the Supreme Court deals with prior art not considered by the Patent Office, the trick will be to cover as many areas as practicable to minimize the risk of being exposed to the effects of this case.
Song title: I Will Always Love You
These days, Griffin attends events celebrating his work and regularly visits Skip's grave at Los Angeles National Cemetery, where a headstone reads:
Rotated his body a full 360 degrees!
Paraphrasing a friend of mine, who was actually referring to F**eb**k, the Internet is like one long conversation that never ends. So many thoughts, observations, quotations flying back and forth. And like any medium of communication, besmirched with a lot of ignorance, misinformation, and wrongheadedness. This environment can be mental quicksand for those inclined to tilt at windmills.
Real life moment #1:
3 chilies, seeded and minced
With a day of warm tempatures I spent the day planning out this years gardening attempt and cleaning up some of last years remains. The scarecrow came down, some tomato stakes that stood abandoned finally got pulled up, a soaker hose completely lost to weeds was recovered and the pepper plants that look like skeletons got torn from the ground. I had hoped to winter the peppers, but I had to go to Vegas before I managed to get them covered up and safe from the few days of freezing weather.
Number thirteen's always late, I guess my life will just have to wait
leaders hope the bishops' apprehensions will be eased once they gather information. But there's frustration within the iconic youth organization — known for its inclusiveness and cookie sales — that it has become such an ideological target, with the girls sometimes caught in the political crossfire.
Definition of FELLOWSHIP
A flat in Alicante, built to 67 square metres, also with three bedrooms, is available for only 27,600 euros, which includes a 72% reduction.
"If you're not traveling and learning new stuff, you're sort of stuck," he said. "Look at Portland. It's still based on Willamette and Cluster (hops). It's the same (bleeping) beer you were drinking 30 years ago!"
But he lied.
" Are you a member?"
with all discourse and all knowledge,
I felt it would be very helpful to my readers to compile the links to my Champagne related posts in a single place. This post will be that repository, and as such will be constantly updated when I write another article about Champagne. Some of these articles were written before my trip, and others afterwards. The posts will be listed in chronological order, from oldest to newest.
Finding pictures to use has been difficult. With all the pictures we take, we have surprisingly few of the two of us together. In the next year we’re going to have to be sure to take many more of us together. The people in the pictures to the left ARE us.
We got all the holiday baking done, and I passed out all the holiday goodies. I've almost got all the presents distributed for the nieces/nephews, so that's a weight off my shoulders. When we went to FIL's, he wasn't home. But his wife was, step-MIL... who had to sneak in a comment about how FIL ended up with only grandsons so far, and how her niece is pregnant with a girl... okay then, insert awkward pause where we ignored her comment, and then she changed the subject (see past comments from step-MIL here).
Easter morning we celebrate the resurrection of Jesus. We should remember that there can be no resurrection without the crucifixion.
* Copic X-press Paper
Without a doubt, I would never send my children to compulsory schools. It goes against my entire life!
All very symbolic, no doubt, but I can't help thinking that if a White person had spoken of his "community's" pride that "one of their own" had succeeded to public office, there might well have been something of a reaction. Suppose, for example, that that nice Mr Griffin had succeeded in his bid to become MP for Barking and had noted that the pubs of Barking were heaving with happy English folk celebrating the fact that "one of us" was now representing them.
Yeah. Right. I tried to guess what it could be. Now it couldn't be something cynically hilarious, because it had to be pleasant. Here were my guesses:
I am not special in any way yet things keep making my life more and more amazing. I have been blessed with amazing people. I have been blessed to fall in love with them. I have been blessed with a privileged lifestyle and with enormous gratitude for it.
I mentioned in the first post that there were horsetails last summer.
1-Do not act like you're going to kiss him then suddenly decide not to.
... emailed a friend to arrange drop-off of a fruit centerpiece for her running-for-state-representative husband's meet-and greet at the library tomorrow night.
searching for meanings
Louise Altson's debut art appears on page 20 and 21. The images are realistic and dramatic. This is one talented artist seriously trained in classic illustration. Other artists in this issue include illustrator James Billmyer and Elmer Tomasch, known as Tom Tomasch to the guys on the Timely comics staff. Tomasch would also go on to a career in fine art after his comic book days. 14 pages of Miss America comic art and 7 pages of Patsy Walker art are also inside.
The African economy is particularly noted as a developing economy; it is grossly under-developed. The two words are often inter-changeably used by analysts, public policy commentators and social critics, but all of what they say is that the economy is a dependent one – it is anchored on the antics of the West, which must be obeyed, even if unfavourable.
My Pros - It's published from a company I have come to welcome in our home learning library, and it is filled with a biblical world view. I feel it is easy to use and it would be a wonderful way to introduce the periodic table. This book is non-intimidating, and very user friendly, easily capturing the interest of the home learner. Chemistry seems interesting to me now, and that is saying a lot since I dropped out of Chem in high school... after three days. Looking forward to finishing this book with my daughter!
DVD Catalog: 39303
Oasis Amber
I eye-balled the space-ship in my barn showily. “Hardly,” I replied. “Just…unexpected.”
Entries without a link back will be deleted!
As a homeschool mom I get really excited buying new curriculum and planning all the things we will learn throughout the year, but I also get really overwhelmed. After a few months of not schooling, I realize that a regular mom has a full time job just keeping up with the kiddos and cleaning the house. My days become super full and around July I always wonder how in the world I ever fit homeschool in, and how in the world I will be able to do it all again. Often I consider the option that last year's me was younger and must have been smarter, more rested, and perhaps even organized. I know this year's me could never compare and therefore I begin my rationale. If you know me, you have probably been fed my rationale atleast once. Last year it was "I cannot homeschool three school aged kids so somebody will have to go to school" and then this year it was " I cannot homeschool three kids bec I'm having a baby"...I'm also fairly sure I've used that one before. I have a few more in my bag of tricks and I'm sure there will be new ones. As usual, come Aug, I chickened out and began scrambling my curriculum together. I realized the kids didnt want to go to school, we would be out late on school nights with activities, I would have to actually get children dressed and out the door hours before my brain functions, and I would miss out on all those benefits I tell other people about. Most importantly I accepted that homeschooling is def God's plan for our family......atleast for this year :) remind me that come July.
This is one of my latest makes. Its a size 6uk or 4us. Wow, I hear you say. Well curves comes in all sizes and this dress would also look great on a curvier lady.
At last, all caught up! Emails read and answered, FB posts and comments enjoyed, Blogs all caught up. Now it’s time to get my own blog up to date.
Now we never asked Freddie the same question, because it was
Musically, this album (like any other Magma release) truly SOUNDS like it came from outer space, full of weird time signatures, throbbing bass, kazoos, hyperactive horn sections, and group vocals often pierced by Vander's curious falsetto. The familiar jazz and rock elements are still present, but Magma pumps out some serious funk grooves on Attakh as well, making the overall sound that much more odd and disconcerting. Although this is one of the last releases affiliated with the whole Kobaïan/Zeuhl trip that Magma dwelt in for the duration of the 1970's, it is also one of the best.
my feet into slippers
Matthew 6:34 – The Bible (KJV) – Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.
*runs out of ideas*
From myths of the swinging sixties written by Pamela Church Gibson, published in 2006.
It's a good thing it wasn't beer bottles laying around her, because it looked like she was passed out. .. And she was snoring SO LOUD.
For a buddhist, we can only attain awakening through precious human Body. Don’t waste it!
1 Corinthians 10:13 No temptation has seized you except what is common to man. And God is faithful; He will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear. But when you are tempted, He will also provide a way out so that you can stand up under it.
For right now though, he obviously does not understand. So it's up to me to try to eliminate opportunities for him to cause damage. And not to blame him if I fail to do so.
Science experiments may be extras to some and busywork to others, but to us, they are an important part of the learning process. We do a lot of hands-on projects, especially in the lower grades, like making pyramids, making mummies, building longhouses, making dreamcatchers, building castles, etc. Now, some people might see that stuff as silly, stupid, busywork, etc. However, with my kinesthetic learners, that stuff is an opportunity for them to apply their knowledge, prove their comprehension/mastery of a subject/topic, and enjoy the learning process. We make models. We make posters. We create things. We design things. We take things apart to see how they work. We experiment with new ways to do things or new materials to use. We like to get involved, get our hands dirty. That's how they learn best. So, this stuff works for us.
If not allowed to be exactly me
This may be the real brilliance of Sunrise. Certainly I don’t think Murnau failed to make the film he was trying to make. I can’t point to a single poorly made moment. I can’t fault the acting, particularly in Gaynor’s case. But for me, two less famous scenes sum Sunrise up. The first, still in the city, finds Man and Wife gazing at sample wedding photos in a glass case in front of a photographer’s studio. The men and women in those photos are ideals, in the sense any advertisement strives for ideals, and the Couple desire to be ideal. The glass reflects their faces, melding them with the photos. It is a small scene compared to the tricks of forced perspective and double exposure Murnau uses elsewhere, but unlike those, it is (we presume) real, not a projection of the Couple’s fantasies.
Do try some of these delicious wines if you get the chance.
Now, I am in China, and LaDawna and I had planned ever since we knew we were going to be in China that we would be going home to Star Valley in the last few weeks of July and first few weeks of August. This is also typically when class reunions are held in Star Valley because it corresponds with one of the major events, the Lincoln County Fair, yes I know that sounds a little like “red neck”. We not only enjoy the additional activities that go with having the fair in town, but we really like the weather during that time in Star Valley. We love the non-winter periods in Star Valley, truth be told we love winter too, but it is just way too long in Star Valley. I don’t like that winter lass until June (at least it seems that when with the sporadic snow storms we get all spring long). Winter should give way to spring in March like the calendar says it is supposed to. Snow storms in April and May make me more than just a little tired of winter.
Las Vegas Harley-Davidson Product Update
On behalf of Robert Blackman here is the info you requested
Followed by
11) I Don't Like It
Ahh New Orleans. Come on baby. I'm traveling the city streets and finally made it back to the airport. Sitting around waiting for plane, and I notice something peculiar on the bottle list. Abita. http://www.abita.com/ Lord knows everyone is all up on the Abita water, so the beer has to be good right. Word is, NO cats love this stuff, so I gave this my fullest review yet.
And then I found out that he has joined African Hearts Boy's home in Ssenge!
Cathy and I went up to Stoudt's last night to wrap up shooting for American Beer Blogger. It was low-key; just the two of us and two of the guys from Green Leaf Productions, Mike and Dave. We got there at 4:30, had a quick talk-through about what we were looking for (during which Cathy was volunteered to handle releases, which she did -- of course -- with style and efficiency), and hit the bar. While the guys got the equipment, Cathy and I settled in at the corner of the bar with a glass of American Pale Ale and Karnival Kölsch respectively, and started looking around for likely subjects for the shoot...and came up empty at first. These were mostly folks who were just there for a couple beers and some dinner.
Stuffing my face with Brillat Savarin last night was a terrible idea. The cheese hangover is a vicious beast: Crazy cramps and a strong urge to either puke or crap my pants 2.5 miles in. (This was then followed by even more cramping and actual pooping -- thankfully, not in my pants -- for hours post-race.)
I thought I might find a feather under the tree where the eagles sit
Most of the ladies looked to be very fit. Most said they attended gyms, or did what they could at home. I wasn’t sure what I could offer or bring to the table.
1) You’re probably not doing as well as you think – The Bible tells us that our hearts are deceitful and Satan, our enemy who tempts us, is called the deceiver of the whole world (Jeremiah 17:9; Revelation 12:9). Therefore, if you are simply floating along in life without any glaring sins that others will point out, you probably think you’re something of a model Christian. So, it’s a good idea to set goals for ourselves to help us measure our spiritual growth. Not that our achievement of goals will tell us everything about our spiritual progress, but it can help.
That’ll do for starters. I’ll take suggestions from the gallery.
For instance, he is a self-described “philo-Semite,” which doesn’t apply to too many paleos, while also being honest about race, a trait which I have not seen among any of today’s neo brat-packers, and which got the brilliant and graceful writer Roger Starr (1918-2001) exiled to the nether regions, late in his life. (Friends and colleagues have related stories of original neocons being privately honest about race in their dotage, and Norman Podhoretz wrote honestly on the subject 49 years ago.)
I honestly bought this pattern for view D, which I made last October. I never intended to make view B because, although I loved the shaped yoke and contrast binding, I didn't think the tulip shape would look good on me. However, somehow this silk spoke to me and told me it wanted to be this skirt. It said, "Look, I'm a big print so I need something that isn't too cut up. And I'm lightweight so the gathers won't poof out around your waist. And you only have about 11/4 yards of me and can't find any other pattern that will work. Please, give the tulip shape a chance!" Fabric speaks to you sometimes, right? Tell me I'm not the only crazy one this happens to.
And when I got out to the garage, I spotted the trim and doors, all primed and ready for their fresh coats of white paint:
What may follow may seem harsh, as I can say I did not hate the film, but the reasons that prevented me from not caring a whole lot about it are recurring problems in many films, particularly in the last decade. As much as I have read many critics accuse Scorsese's "The Departed" of being a sell-out project where he provided a more commercially-acceptable version of his previous gangster sagas, I have to say that Scorsese's chasing of trends, particularly in "The Aviator" and now "Shutter Island" bothers me more. "The Aviator" contains some of his most impersonal filmmaking, a trendy by-the-numbers biopic with a CGI-aided glossy aesthetic housed in a self-important shell as Oscar bait that I could not honestly differentiate from the works of Ron Howard. It seemed like Scorsese wanted to convey the beauty of flying because he felt the audiences would lap up the ride, even if his direction demonstrated that he had no understanding of what that experience truly feels like. This was a grounded filmmaker trying to convince us that he had wings.
It was the line, “I just don’t want this,” that sent me packing. I grabbed my purse, put on my coat, and attempted to grab my blanket. But the bastard snatched it up and refused to give it to me. Who buys a present for someone and then refuses to let them take it with them? Even when the present is crappy…
An appositive that exists as a sentence fragment immediately after its antecedent noun
(This blog entry was originally uploaded in June 2008, and I did originally plan to offer it for full download again as the old link had gone dead. Somewhat brilliantly, though, I've discovered that it's since been reissued and you can buy it from Amazon here (and doubtless other places too!) Therefore, this isn't a "proper" Left and to the Back Blog entry but a stopgap weekend one to try and draw your attention to the record).
:: played in the studio with a wrapped bracelet design... I really kinda like it... still in the experimental stages though
Seriously though, if the sex was consensual, why isn’t Saiful also being charged for engaging in carnal acts against the order of nature?
cuckoo clock
The temperature here in North Central Texas is currently colder than the northern half of Montana. The last time we rose above freezing was about 3 a.m. Tuesday morning. We had an ice pellet storm on Tuesday, which has congealed into a solid sheet of ice coating the streets and driveways. Most of the schools in the area have been shut down since then: the streets are simply too slick for safety. To add insult to injury, 5 inches of snow were dumped on us overnight.
My legs do exist.
and now the jar is empty,
I’ve only been cooking exclusively vegetarian at home since we moved to Madison, and I have to say I was becoming frustrated, even though I am an experienced cook, because I just couldn’t figure out what foods and flavors to put together so that it didn’t feel like I was eating the same thing all the time. I’m excited to add some more Texas vegetarian savor to our evenings!
According to a study comparing cleanliness in 14 different Nordic and Baltic cities, undertaken last summer by Denmark’s Wonderful Copenhagen marketing office, foreign tourists determined that Reykjavík was the cleanest of them all.
06 sister golden hair
- Lemon and Pistachio cous cous
He turned to me as we walked out our front gate. "This is going to be the Best Day, Mum," he said, before bounding off to show me how well he could skip in his brand new, bouncy, enormous, white sneakers.
Guinsoo: Yes. And we should moderate anyone who brings up the incident.
feed the ducks a few crumbs he brought along. So that he would be able to get a little something to
Trust and obey
48To read and weep is all they now can do.
What excites you about the new Linkin Park album?
Forbidden hits shelves June 28th. I received an egalley for review from Simon & Schuster's Galley Grab program.
Oh and if you happening to be in or visiting a hospital please put your phone on silent - really it is a hospital and none of the patients care to hear your loud ringtone.
11 Biogen - Acid Upbeat
Stir occasionally and watch for the garlic to turn golden
Day 6: How do you answer the question of how many children you have?
April 8, 2012
I dumped my phone again. Just so I'd have something for you.
Right now we are working on our formal living and dining room (I am also trying to finish the front guest bedroom) and so when I came across this in the catalog--(see below) I knew it would be a perfect fit for our 1958 formal living room/entryway!!
Dozens of blogs have joined together to offer you bunches of prizes!
DH: (Aside to TDHB members) “I think a band meeting is in order.”
If you weren't already in the mood or spirit of love and Valentine's Day you better be now! I just wanted to temp you with a couple of photos I found on the web. I'd love for you to post your sweet and savory v-day favs, and of course any recipe you want but I'd love some more love over here!!
1 red (or orange) pepper, cut into thin strips
Benjamin has been very patient with his mother. He can't recall the wonderful room I had decorated for him as a little guy, since he was moved out at the age of two. The next three years were in a rental that only allowed us to live there as "captured-mortgage-paying guest." My creative juices were bottled and walls stayed bare. So when we moved I determined to make this rental our home...and I could paint over anything the landlord didn't like when we moved out...until then, we are going to live!!
So I’m more forgiving towards Suugaku‘s formulaic plot because it has ACTUAL stuff to occupy one’s brain in the meantime … as opposed to vague self-help mumbo-jumbo about taking life seriously.
Fortunately I was born at the perfect historical moment, not only because birth control became widely available in the U.S. just as I came of age, but also because at that moment, it was socially acceptable not to have kids. I thank God with all my heart for the fortunate timing of my life. Thanks, God!
7. My very own horse
Please leave comments. ^^ Thanks.
We see multiple generations of genetic mothers, mothers present and absent, surrogate mothers and even a father of choice. The struggle between Rose and Cecilia is especially poignant as a daughter looks to her mother for something she is incapable or unwilling to give.
Little Miss Adalea has been keeping us busy. Over the past few weeks we have enjoyed a visit from MeMe and PaPa (my parents), having Eric's family over to grill out, birthday celebrations, Easter and many more fun things. Below are pictures from some of these things. I will write a few captions under each one.
“I Shot The Sheriff”
For example, anything by Megan Whalen Turner is definitely an Amnesia Book. A lot of beloved books of mine by Maria V Snyder, Eloise Jarvis McGraw, and Robin McKinley are as well.
Here's how the conversation went:
Look out for songs 17-11 on the “25 Best Cheating Songs from the Cheaters Themselves” playlist tomorrow.
We worship Thy name in its wonder sublime.
Universal precautions is a term I’d like for us as parents, educators, social workers, therapists, and human beings alike to align ourselves with as it relates to child sexual abuse.
Iris wasn’t interested in the baby. She was more interested in the hat Louie was wearing: “hat! Hat!” and she just wanted “side”. So I cuddled up in bed with both my girls, Iris got her side, and so did Eloise.
Does this outfit make me look fat? No, seriously. I should have never paired the top and bottom together. The thick fabrics make me look chunky. This sweater is just difficult to wear because of the way it hangs over the belt. (It is also a size too large.) I’ve had the sweater for nine years and have probably worn it nine times. I give up. Anyone want it?
1. Acknowledge the blogger who gave you the award by linking back to them.
They want to be all they can be, and are truly wonderful souls. But they have missed a few steps on the path. It always happens with the physical journeys. You all know about unconditional love, and living in your natural state of grace, but very few people are able to actually live it, breathe it and surrender to it, whilst still maintaining their daily existence. So why is this? Why would this happen? Because the flip side of this state of being, is the solid state of physicality, which you have been bound to, in order to evolve the ‘human race’. In other words, it was meant to be this way, right up until now, 2012, the time of transition.
9. The Slits - Love and Romance
And I was all "Well Daddy is in big, big trouble for doing that - I have rules you know!"
In a small saucepan bring the double cream to the boil. Remove the pan from the heat and add your chocolate. Stir to melt slightly then add the butter, piece at a time stirring constantly till melted and smooth. Squirt in the liquid glucose and mix till combined. Pour your ganache over the raspberries making sure you don't over fill the tart. Any left over chocolate can be chilled and used to make chocolate truffles!
If it’s a good picture, I use a program to make it even better. I make sure the colors and lighting is right, touch up pictures here and there, and some of them I go to town on just to make them look different. I have a few fun pictures. But it takes a long time. And I get bored. I need to get better at this.
Rachel Maddow spoke with David Letterman about this in 2010, explaining the difference between MSNBC and Fox News:
That’s it…. your Idli/ Dosa Batter is ready.
22:14
Siobhan: “It was the only way to make it work.”
Definitely a 9 out of 10 for every author that starred in the Gala.
Jetbikes---Vypers---Wave Serpent
Muslims are the lowest of the low, they are a vile excuse for a race of people who don't care less for anythig or anyone. The only thing they do care about is world domination and sex with children, in some countries Muslims are even allowed to have sex with animals and in some cases they have had to marry them.
*Serves 8-10, depending on size of slices.
Once the embossing had cooled, I sponged a little distress ink around the flowers to set them off a bit more from the kraft backdrop. I matted the panel with dark brown cardstock, then set it on a cream card base. The "thanks for all you do" sentiment from the Big Thanks set is stamped just above the image panel in dark brown ink.
1/2 cup chopped green onions
Those will be added for sure!
“The Marquise of O-,” Heinrich von Kleist
Despite superb early signings such as Emilio Izaguirre, Gary Hooper, Beram Kayal and Joe Ledley, Lennon has followed these up with contrastingly poor captures.
4. Do a post about this giveaway..
So, finally that date has come and I was at my first real Emilie Autumn concert – or should I rather call it show? Varieté? I don’t know. As with the album this is something that lacks comparable events.
Britain, on the other hand, has a claim traced back to Capt. Davies who visited in 1592. After Viscount Falkland, a Royal Navy treasurer, went ashore in 1690, the islands were named after him. Although a newly independent Argentina opened a penal colony on the islands in 1828, it was closed down when British citizens started arriving in 1833. The UK argues English descendants have continuously occupied the Falklands since 1833, and the islanders have voted to remain a territory of the United Kingdom.
And to help you out, I offer a couple of sources for supplies, including the chair. Of course, check out your local restaurant supply stores for used chairs. I doubt they will be $2. like in the olden days of my youth, but I suspect they will be eminently affordable.
Someday I'll be as bored with my problems as my potential
using the room. Imagine having to duck around the flowers
In a remarkably honest and confident voice, Sarah Winman has written the story of a memorable young heroine, Elly, and her loss of innocence-a magical portrait of growing up and the pull and power of family ties. From Essex and Cornwall to the streets of New York, from 1968 to the events of 9/11, When God Was a Rabbit follows the evolving bond of love and secrets between Elly and her brother Joe, and her increasing concern for an unusual best friend, Jenny Penny, who has secrets of her own. With its wit and humour, engaging characters whose eccentricities are adroitly and sometimes darkly drawn, and its themes of memory and identity, When God Was a Rabbit is a love letter to true friendship and fraternal love.
Their entertaining antics make our job that much easier.
yes, silas is going to preschool!
Travelling to Embankment on the Circle Line I cursed quietly at every tourist blocking me with a wheely bag, saving much scorn for the German school trip who thought it wise to block an entire platform jostling each other beyond the yellow line. I am not you may have guessed a tolerant traveller. Reaching the booking hall and navigating a group of Spanish pensioners I indicate in signs to another that you cannot scan your paper ticket against the Oyster Reader. At this point I wonder if the Ship and Shovell was such a wise choice for a meet with Meister and Captain English.
The New York Mets….
Instead of asking me to defend my decision to not spank my children, how about I ask you to defend the reason why you spank. Is spanking really the only way you can come up with to guide your children? Have you looked at other possibilities? Have you really considered what lies behind your need to have your children behave a certain way? Do you support hitting all people who behave contrary to your preference, or just the ones smaller and younger than you who have little or no standing in our justice system? How do you rationalize the difference between productive discipline and child abuse?
While energy in its literal definition has a neutral value and is quantitative, human’s energy has a qualitative trait, which means it can be either positive or negative.
I have a big announcement to make today! I was invited to join yet another DT!! Now I can proudly say that I am a Drunken Stamper ;)
In this chapter, I am letting the shadow write too. I am speaking in both of my voices, because I realise as I read back through the other chapters in this thesis, that the shadow’s voice was never quite silenced anyway. It was she who spent hours reading the blogs of infertile women because it was she who had her ovary removed in Lewisham hospital in 2005. It was she who first read A Room of One’s Own, before the PhD student picked up a copy, and it was she who first thought of the avatar as her own online self-portraiture, an idea that the PhD student took up and ran with.
So last weekend when my girls woke up and told me that they wanted to have a spa day with their awesome friends across the street, I was so happy! It seemed like my Nana revisited right here in my bathroom! They asked if they could use my big tub to soak their feet, use my facial mask and if I had enough vinegar so they could rinse their hair with it (old family secret for shiny hair......:)). I said SURE and set them free to do their thing.
Enjoy!!
This was the last of the fall seasonal's we had in the ice box. Dogfish Head Punkin Ale is one of the better pumpkin ales that I have tried so far. The real problem I have with pumpkin beers is that they concentrate to much on the all spice and nutmeg.
A spokesman confirmed that at 6.48 pm on Thursday evening an item appeared in the regular half-hourly bulletin that related to something that had happened somewhere in Scotland and had not involved events at or around Ibrox.
A cousin, Camille Wells, called Smith “an animal.”
Not too shabby.
“You’re not serious!”
I can't speak for Koch's previous work, but there's also a ton of action and adventure in Alexander Outland. Earlier in this review I used the word cinematic to describe the novel, and it's apt. As I tried to consider what other novels might compare favorably to it, only films came to mind: Spaceballs, Serenity, The Ice Pirates, and Galaxy Quest. Plenty of explosions, daring rescues, and space battles, dot the narrative. For all that, and the romance angle mentioned above, this is a novel of humor. And it is genuinely funny. G.J. Koch brings it home:
Unfortunately, there seem to be no photos of the trio actually having tea. Allegedly, they did so "with some of the store's staff, suppliers and former employees." F&M's renovated restaurant now has been renamed the Diamond Jubilee Tea Station to mark the queen's 60 years on the throne.
Research of the most pleasant sort, I'd say and you would surely agree.
gifts for the 2011 Holidays. They are decorated with Christmas paper,
Your Word
In all honesty, it's a rather pleasant sting, but it does tend to build, and of course the swing and the strength of the swing makes a difference. Good for play but also has the potential to be used as an instrument of torture.
I have been told since I have an opinion on just about everything its time I started to share my wealth of knowlege. I know I am late joining the blogger world but here it is...............at last..............a site to share all my nuggets of knowledge!
Mrs Angry thinks it rather unkind and really quite unnecessary to kick a man when he is down, and gloat on his misfortune.
STICKY PASTE ON PAPER
And enter into other lands,
"it is conceivable that the copyright owner might in certain cases be able to draw the attention of the ISP to the fact of a present infringement, or to the likelihood of a specific infringement occurring in the future, and to invite the ISP to terminate or prevent such an infringement. In these circumstances, if the ISP was liable to terminate or prevent the present or future infringement, a real question could arise as to whether the ISP was being made liable 'for the information transmitted', or was rather simply coming under an obligation to use its technical facilities to terminate or prevent an infringement, in respect of the information transmitted, committed by another person. The 'careful balance' struck by the Community legislator settles that issue, and removes all uncertainty, by allowing Member States to authorise the courts or competent administrative authority to order the ISP to terminate or prevent the infringement, so long as the ISP is not made liable (by way of fine or compensation) in respect of the infringement itself".
It really hurt, hearing what you said to me about *** running away, sure I can understand that your in pain about it, but cant you see that aly was in pain too? why else would she have run away?
Years later now, Grandma and Grandpa have sold that memory-laden house, Amy and I would undoubtedly have trouble squeezing into our old sundresses, and Trevor contemplates marriage. How pleasant to realize though, on rising slowly on this crisp, lingering morning, that some of that world we created for ourselves so many years ago resides with me--and us--still today.
The paradox of our time in history is that we have taller buildings but shorter tempers, wider Freeways, but narrower viewpoints. We spend more, but have less, we buy more, but enjoy less. We have bigger houses and smaller families, more conveniences, but less time. We have more degrees but less sense, more knowledge, but less judgment, more experts, yet more problems, more medicine, but less wellness.
The fact that I won another giveaway! I swear I never win things, and all of a sudden, I've won 2 in 1 week! Take me to Vegas, y'all! Thanks to the sweet Pamela, from Pamela's Place, who hosted an awesome giveaway of a stocking full of her favorite things. I'm especially excited for the Starbucks gift card because Kyle and I love having "coffee" dates there...aka hot chocolate dates!
When you feel like your can’t serve the Lord – when you’re like Daniel and you have to serve someone else – remember: You can still “stand” before them, and “stand” for the Lord.
... But if all clothing was made of plastic, imagine how sticky things could get when you start to sweat?! Or imagine how noisy it might be as you try to slip quietly into a meeting or conference or church service?
The basement, which used to be a chapel, will house offices and open spaces.
I wonder if Terry Pratchett drew some of his inspiration from the mythology around Airavata when he wrote the amazing Discworld series. The image of the elephants holding up the disc-shaped world, with the waterfall flowing over the edges, is such a potent one.
may 31st, 2012 @ 11:59pm EST.
She leaned in and confided, "oh yes, and I cried my eyes out. That book just got to me."
Spent lots of time on Beaver Lake! We will be going out until it is just down right too cold!! My friend melisa had a bday recently and we headed out to celebrate!!
Her ears, tummy & butt rubbed (I know that sounds dirty)
Now probably the most important part, accomplishing your goals. A lot of people, including myself, have forgotten their goals throughout the year. My best tip for you is to write them neatly on pretty pretty paper in your favorite color pen and tape it next to your bed. Every night before you go to bed take a look at your goals and see if you've gotten closer to any of them. Don't feel down if you haven't, some of your goals might spill over to the year after, but use them to clear your mind and think about what you will do the next day.
And this week we planted a cherry tree.
But I saw your name beside another name.
Mitt Romney. Our last resort. The only thing standing between us and four more disastrous years of Obama and even more draconian Socialist government is a guy who comes off as an effete,smarmy, insincere elitist jellyback.. The Left is attacking his personal wealth and his wife while neglecting the fact that most Liberal icons are filthy rich in ways that make Romney look positively blue collar (Yes, I'm talking to you, Oprah, and you, Warren Buffet, and you, George Soros.) and that the First Family is either golfing or vacationing on our dime more often than not while most of us can't even afford to go to a movie let alone go on a vacation.
November: Our "golden-boy" son turned 2 days after Thanksgiving and both my Mother (flying in from Florida) and Mother-in-law (coming from Washington state) visited a week before the festivities. Need I say more?
The Geej who is only seven and a half years old.
5. Some People Never Know
Women may be perceived overly ambitious when they improve their negotiation skills. Consider Hilary Clinton. While she was running for election, many people negatively pointed out that she was very strong willed and ambitious. For some reason, the public did not associate the other male presidential candidates as ambitious. Although in order to get the nomination ticket, these men had to be equally as ambitious. I, also, remember during Bill Clinton’s presidential term, many people postulated that Hilary was behind his actions. Now for some reason, people saw this as bad. From personal experience, I have seen mothers playing a huge role in the decision making process. These reactions from the public highlight is that women cannot act like men, but they cannot be too nice, otherwise they could be perceived as pushovers.
“I’ve seen a lot of film in my day, but nothing like these spermatozoa. They can make every kind of flagellation you’d want: the ten millimeter out, the deep fade, the ability to get out of the seminal vesicle and evade hostile leukocytes. They’re real athletes, not a bunch of system players” said Rivals.com National Analyst Mike Farrell.
"This is a matter of urgency for this community and this city," Henderson said.
Yes brave us decided to plop all 4 kids in the tub at the same time hahaha.
Let this sit for about 20 minutes. Garnish with cilantro and serve.
If your answer is no, stop and consider this.
Unfortunately that was not possible ... because I had (ever so efficiently) dumped all the slips with the names into my recycling bin and set them out for collection.
I've been accepted to several CT teams, and have some beautiful layouts I am going to share along with where to find these amazing products at! I also hope to be able to get some new things designed for my own shoppe as well, just taking time to gain strength and stamina back. Most days I take one step forward and then slide back 5-6 steps. Not fun!!
But how do they really feel deep down inside? For centuries Christians have tried to convert tribes of natives and poor people to their religion. And yet, you always hear about how they secretly still perform their own religious rituals. It's a game with no real winner. Or is it a game with two winners? Is this missionary work Daniel is doing a curse or a blessing?
It would seem the first step to working on this is to continue relaxing. She says that my ego is rather busy with the move, with getting stuff done. It has enough to focus on that it’s willing to sorta leave me alone for the time being. So if anything, this is a great time to work on things in the background as it were. And as always, relaxation is important. It helps me to let go, to work on my focusing and relaxation techniques discussed in the Breathing post. And I imagine the more I relax, the easier it will be to hear my Soul talking to me. A phrase to sum the relaxation up is:
Food wise, boy still loves to eat! He's eating 7 ounces every three hours, plus three meals a day! And some puffs in between, still working on picking them up and them actually making it to his mouth. He can put a mum mum cracker down in about 3.5 seconds though. We started a sippy cup a few weeks ago and he LOVES it. Playing with it, trying to get water out, and chewing on it.
Russia, China, India and other nations have been pushed beyond their boiling points for a long time ago by the United States bullying and imperialism. The total spectrum dominance of the United States military is the only thing that kept this sleeping coalition of semi-super powers from uniting and putting the United States in its place. The US thought they would sack Iran in less than a week and the world would continue just as it had before the attack.
Good MORNING! My phone battery died last night, out of no where. I left my charger at work and all of the stores were closed. So my phone was temporarily out of service for the night. This morning I grabbed my phone to take with me as normal. My daughter said, “Mom, your phone is dead, but you’re carrying it like it still works.” Before I could answer her, my son replied, “her phone power is dead for now, but as soon as she plugs it up or fix the problem it will work again.”
1. ‘We all make mistakes’. This could be particularly useful if you are facing expulsion for stealing the Principal’s car. Furthermore, if it is likely that you will be a frequent visitor to correctional facilities, then it would be useful to start learning how to plead for forgiveness.
I bet Mr DeMeng never Forgets Me . I almost knocked him off his feet with a big Hug the morning of class , I have to admit He looked mildly shocked by this crazy red Head , but quickly learned I'm quite harmless. LOL Michael is so Down to Earth and Willing to Teach his students All about Assemblage Art .. And make you laugh along the way ! I highly recommend taking a workshop with Michael you will not regret it ..
I was one of those people who did not have their 2011 elite badge, and I was surprised at first. At SXSW 2010, I spoke at a core convesation with Addie Broyles about how review sites were changing the restaurant review landscape. As Yelp was just slapped with lawsuits, it quickly became Yelp-centric. I stood up for the Yelp community (the users), and I gave my unbiased opinion about Yelp's role in the restaurant reviews. I still think that they had a genius model. Before community became a buzzword, they were building them. Yelp was one of the first websites that hosted in person meet ups. I wish I had thought of that and executed as well as they did. Anyways, after my post about how they were destroying the community and my voice in the social media world, Yelp was displeased and did not renew my elite status as well. They didn't give my the axe after the blog post, when I was expecting it. They waited four months later. That portion of Yelp's Corporate email to me read:
meal of the day.i think.today i don't know maybe take in a movie.and hang out.
Scaling the winding staircase to Stik’s studio was thrilling: we were, he informed us, about to see work unseen by public eyes. Once upstairs, the room was filled with sounds of wonder and excitement. Six panels rested up against a wall with a dazzlingly fresh aura, as if they had just exploded into creation. Unlike with some pieces before, the artist walked us through the concept of this new work: together, the panels told a story of interrelationships. Though so simple visually, the work’s depth became endless with this revelation. Standing in the artist’s studio and witnessing his most current conception was like nothing I’ve ever experienced: I felt immersed in creativity and innovation.
The only way into Nahanni Park is by helicopter or float plane—or foot, if you’re really crazy/adventurous. We were being flown in by pilot Ted Grant, owner of Simpson Air and the Nahanni Mountain Lodge located at Little Doctor Lake where we landed first.
7.Curry Leaves : 5
Blend carrots with water. Filter the juice through a sieve/strainer. Reserve both the carrot juice and the carrot pulp.
Finally, he said simply, “Good trade.”
“…adult learning is a complex phenomenon arising from the needs, tasks, and social roles inherent in being an adult member of society. Sometimes the learning that we need to do occurs as a by-product of everyday living. It is serendipitous, spontaneous, and so much a part of our lives that it may go unnoticed. At other times adults seek answers to questions, solutions to problems, or further training by taking advantage of the opportunities and resources available for structuring their learning.” P361
Pulse the nuts in a food processor until they are fairly well ground, and then throw in the dates and cocoa. Process until it is an even consistency. You can press it into a pan and throw it into the fridge for a half hour or so before cutting into squares, but I like them better rolled into little balls. The "batter" seems to go much further this way. Enjoy!
Complete Prison Break
pick flowers
- remove all metallic accessories
1 large bay leaf
Signed;
Natural order binds our will;
Trans-yellow Spider – Strength 4
Why be you… self-centered and weak?
I’ll be attempting to run a 5:30-5:40 pace the entire route, and if I can keep this pace, I will finish in sub 4:00 hours.
Mon 22 October
People who are shot dead execution style and left for dead next to the road are designated as “road accident” victims. Thousands of law-abiding crime victims were stunned when, on arrival at a police station to report a crime, they were told that police would refuse to open a docket on the flimsiest of premises. For example, you’re sitting in your car at the traffic light. The next moment, a boon shoves a gun in your face and orders you out of the car.
Five spices Foie Gras ($14++)
My tip for busy stamps like this:
The Plejarans and Andreomeda Council are “this close” to saying fuck it, let them have their armageddon if that is what they want. I have made my pleas, as have enlightened beings and leaders, for understanding of the human folly lacking ascended consciousness and aware compassion.
The 2011 display highlights the vast quantity of food it takes to feed Sydney in one single day ( statistics can be found here) The quantities are staggering and they only hint at the full story. It’s staggering enough to discover you need 90,000 cows to produce 1.3 million litres of milk that Sydney consumes every day, but then how much land do you need for those cows? How many people to run the farm? How much feed for the stock?
Nothing to add here...
We entered the shop with little trouble. There was a small line of about a dozen people inside the place. So we were lucky. There’s a lot on the menu and a lot on display. It’s almost overwhelming. It was so overwhelming for me that I actually ended up ordering something safe. I just wasn’t in the mood for some reason. What a shame. I really should have tried the Bacon Doughnut at least. Next time.
The warm weather around here is certainly making it seem closer, but with promise like this, it’s no wonder I dream of spring.
Yeah!
We hope you have fun here, that you chuckle, or say, "I didn't know that!" We'll continue to strive for the 500,000th visitor.
White blouse with silver buttons, NY and Co - Goodwill
I'm not sure what the 'technical' name for these are, but my husband calls them 'Donkey' starts with a 'd' ends with an 'icks' (must keep it blogger friendly of course). If you know of the real name for these, let me know! It's getting embarrassing to say :)
So please, folks, get it right. It's Beware. Writer Beware.
The lesson here is that we are slowly learning how to improve our house and get better. Even though James was totally dragging his feet during the decision making process, he was ELATED when we returned home. It is very freeing to say goodbye to a bunch of junk that you aren't using!
Jess Franco's wonderfully delirious jazz-infused trip, and the film which will almost certainly force detractors to admit he can make great cinema when the mood takes him.
5. Throw your dinner/lunch/breakfast: We get you might not be hungry. We understand if you dont like our food. But please don't throw it, at us or anywhere else. For one thing, I dont like smelling like miso salmon. For two, if you werent going to eat it, you could have left the cover on the tray, not touched it, and one of the techs would HAPPILY have eaten it. Hell, I might have happily eaten it. But now it's wasted, AND the room is a mess. and i'm probably a little scared of you.
“Sir Thomas Moore , his Father and his Decedents” In the style of Hans Holbein the Younger – Rowland Lockey (1593)
Police So lonely UK
It must be said. I won’t be silent
10. GUMSHOE (1971)
Bake about 25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool completely in pan on a wire rack.
Tapper: you couldn’t manage a newsletter
Georgia On My Mind – Ray Charles (live)
I hope you will get time to play along with our fabulous challenge, all the details and some fabulicious inspiration from the Ladybugs can be found on the main challenge blog page.
Every time I make the climb up the stairs I can hear the sounds of a community. The sizzle of a wok comes out from the kitchen window and the smells of all sorts of food entice me. The third floor window often emits the noises of a Shanghainese family playing Mahjong. The tiles were clattering around for 3 houses yesterday. The morning often features the older residents out the hallways washing the days vegetables and every morning as I come out into my kitchen the lonely sound of a violin wafts through the air.
I’m still not entirely clear on the origins of Holi – I have heard four different opinions from three different sources – but my favorite explanation by far was offered by the local Chabad Rabbi, who suggested on Friday night that Holi is actually Purim (m’Hodu v’ad Kush). He also advised those still looking for a Purim costume to spend about ten minutes outside during Holi (the above is the result of two hours of hard work), which is a great idea if you want to dress up for Purim like Ke$ha.
- a claimed paranormal phenomenon which is less than paradigm-shattering in its scope to begin with,
Sad but true.
2 Put one word after another. Find the right word, put it down.
Place meat, mushrooms and onions in greased crockpot.
H - Do you realise that you're inferring that rioting is less offensive, in the eyes of the justice system, than your artwork is...? Anyway, rioting is so last year, Rex. Get with the times!
Remember my 'sweet' cravings at night that i have mentioned before? Well, Tuesday night was one of those nights where i didn't want to have the Haagen Dazs Dulce de Leche ice cream in my freezer, but wanted an ultra moist cake instead. Ro hates it when i am still in cooking mode after he gets back home, and acts all cute saying its 'together time' and hates it even more if i need to use a blender at 9 in the night. So i gave him a choice...shopping and baking is therapeutic for me..so if it wasn't baking, then it had to be shopping and yes i wanted a Prada bag, nothing less than that :) He said shop, but do it right now...which I obviously couldn't and so I just decided to go ahead and bake. I wanted to bake this walnut upside down cake, but Ro begged and pleaded to bake a chocolate cake instead. He is so chocolate biased, and he tricked me into making this boring chocolate cake. Considering I made it in a matter of 1hr, it was nice and spongy and served the purpose, but i so don't want to make a boring chocolate cake on my 'bake or shop' day again.
Regardless, I can thank Mike for opening my eyes to the sad state of my appearance, although I was perfectly happy living in denial at the time. Here are some notes I’d like to send back in time to teenage me, and for anyone who currently shares the curse of naturally curly hair.
As someone who's offended by opening the paper and has moved somewhere that has its own special name for the English my advice would be to get offended all you like as often as you like by absolutely whatever you, er, dislike. Just don't sit there fuming and expecting it means you have a right to insist that anyone else has to accommodate your feelings, because a free society can never work that way and all an unfree society can do is to pick sides.
First off I didn't even know Hazel lived in Cheyenne. I've never established her residence, but he has. Second, I tell her he can't leave her that they're married now. He retorts by telling me that I should know he never wanted to to get married, he's said that all along and now he's saddled with his second wife when he never wanted the first one. He goes on to tell me he married out of duty and now he wants out. And do it quickly before she gets pregnant. So, I asked him if he loves her. He says yes, but and when he's around her he can't think right. And then get this crap. He doesn't feel a man is a man when their heads are all muddled with thoughts of love, that his beautiful wife strips him of his power, of his anger, that he doesn't feel like himself anymore.
A: Congratulations! You are going through a “cleansing crisis.” It’s very common that people go through a “honey moon period” on our Herbal Detox program (Yeast-Para Control and Cleansing-Balance Tea) for a few days or a few weeks, then a cleansing crisis (healing crisis) begins to occur when your body tries to eliminate toxins. The more toxic your body systems are, the more severe the detoxification, or healing crisis is.
was there; your name;
You Cant Keep A Good Thing Down
Rather than using fabric glue, you can use TEXTILE MEDIUM. It's more flexible than fabric glue, and it does not stiffen the fabric. The beauty of it is, you can brush it onto the OUTER SURFACE and use a tool to get into those hard-to reach crevices- like the lips, nose, and corners of the eyes. You can completely saturate the fabric and sort of "mold it" like clay. And as I just mentioned, it won't leave the fabric stiff. How cool is that?
Now on to today's giveaway. My mom has generously given me one of her super cute headbands that she was working on here.
Docu-prosopography
One of the purposes of religion is to provide people with the hope of some kind of existence beyond death. Many religions posit some kind of after death ‘being.’ Only Christianity claims an eternal life in the body – a body that is not the same as the one we have now, but a body nevertheless and one that transcends this mortal carapace in ways yet to be revealed.
Xypherous: Phreak. I foresaw your coming.
pinch of ground cardamon
What about the stunning visuals? you ask. Well, actually, meh. The howdahs on the giant scorpions were surely something picked up from Weta Workshop's dustbins after Peter Jackson's oliphaunts (mumakil) had finished with them?
We’ve addressed this sort of unsophisticated and poorly articulated argument in defense of defending Darwinian evolution many times. You can’t just vaguely appeal to vast and unending amounts of time (and other probabilistic resources) and assume that Darwinian evolution can produce anything “no matter how complex.” Rather, you have to demonstrate that sufficient probabilistic resources exist to produce the feature.
ME!!!
I’m calling this the Jenny Belt because it’s a very 80s design, and Jenny is (to me) the most 80s name there is (well, other than Tiffany). Also, my first name is Jennifer. So yes, I named this belt after myself, technically. Wow that’s kind of awkward. Anyway, feel free to use the pattern as many times as your heart desires – but please don’t make it to sell. I want this to be free to everyone so let’s just be fair here, okay? Okay.
So after another long grooming session (he is still shedding out an impressive amount of hair each day) we were tacked up and ready to go (after telling people where I was riding of course). I couldn't resist taking a few pictures with my phone before I left, I'm really loving Prince's new plaid saddle pad that I got for my birthday!
Of imaginary
For three years Maximilian and his glamorous Belgian wife Carlotta reigned over Mexico in the lavish Chapultepec Castle, built on a hill overlooking Mexico City. But the good times didn’t last.
The plant tag will have the details, but here’s some general information:
So, going under general anesthesia to have the toe nail removed was the best option. We showed up at the surgery center at 6 a.m., and they took her back within 20 minutes. Everyone on the staff was so wonderful. They played with her and really calmed her down (and me, too).
It probably started when I opened my big mouth and asked the pilot if he was having one of his dinners in November, after I was looking at something and noticed that he'd had a dinner at that time last year. Now, I was not meaning to invite myself over for dinner, just that I was trying to schedule a few things, and I wanted to know if there was a dinner in November that I needed to to keep a certain date open for and not go out of town that week and such. So what he said was that he had meant to have a dinner in November, but this year it just wasn't going to work out, and he wondered if we wouldn't keeping open a Saturday in December for that instead. So now dinner with my friends is scheduled for the second Saturday in December at the pilot's house. So I asked if we should exchange gifts then instead of on the third Saturday like we usually did. At the time I did not have a preference, I just wanted to know.
Five ISPs got sued by the record companies to force them to block us. This is particularily interesting since music released and promoted exclusively here on TPB is currently in the brittish top charts. We are simply competitors that they just managed to squeeze out of their market, in a maffiesque way.
Snack: nonfat latte (1 dairy)
Before Bible study this week, the girls and I stopped at a park with a band shell and just hung out in the beautiful breezes. Did you know if you stand next to a band shell stage, your voice is really amplified and sounds cool? I embarrassed the girls, but not me. I'm tough that way.
“As courts continue to weigh in on discovery defensibility issues, it makes sense for law firms to adopt a standard discovery practice that can be applied proportionally by the legal team to a particular litigation case,” stated Alice Burns, managing director of Eleventh Hour. “Discovery Management Framework is the advantage legal teams require to demonstrate good governance over the discovery process.”
The Scriptures are clear that we are not able to communicate with the spirits of departed ancestors. It is appointed unto man once to die and after that the Judgment (Hebrews 9:27). There is a great gulf set between the living and the dead and communication between them is impossible (Luke 16:26). However, many people who think that they are communicating with ancestral spirits are actually communicating with deceptive demons, unclean spirits (Matthew 10:1), evil spirits (Acts 19:12), fallen angels who rebelled and are now in darkness bound for Judgment (Jude 6). Their power is limited (2 Peter 2:4). They serve the devil, the prince of darkness, the prince of this world (Matthew 12:24; John 12:31).
Which MPs or Governors can understand what was written above and will write and amend laws for the 99% so that they (if not over term limits) remain votable? The 99% must see the above ‘quality of life compensation bill’ be written into law, not those who write ‘Forced Military Conscriptions backed by fines and jail terms WITHOUT abstentioon options’. Any who write or pass bad laws (like forced NS) are unvotable and a new MP or governor must be voted in the next election to place a MP or governor who will remove that same bad law. The above example is something even the academics have not noticed or are too entrenched to want to address . . . good article Kirwan! Now how about running for election as well if not sabotaged by psy-oppers and EMF/ELF/smartmeter pro-bad law writing ‘careerist politician’ colluding citizens?
You see, dear reader, I have spent two half-days over the last week on the phone, arguing with the phone company and their debt collectors. Perhaps a shiver is now running down your spine as you recall the horror of your own experience. The news is always full of dreadful statistics about what a disastrous job the telecommunications industry is doing in the area of customer services, if the astounding numbers of complaints, disputes and interventions by the Ombudsman are any indication. What can one say but aaargh! - or perhaps something that would conventionally be spelt with little stars.
will need to click on them to make them larger, I
I saw months ago one lovely reportage about the food in the middle ages. People used to eat a bit – strangely. Well, at least I wouldn’t do that to my tongue nowadays; I cannot say that I would have something against it if I still would live in the middle ages – but I can say it out loud: thank God I live today!
Yes, You are drawing me to worship
Ericson, Richard (2007). Crime in an Insecure World. Cambridge: Polity.
I recently saw this movie called 'The Tree of Life' which also tried to describe the truth of life and I'll have to say the way the movie presented its concept was quite convincing. The movie gets you stunned by its visuals which were extraordinarily captured from all the ordinary things. And surprisingly, these are the ordinary things that confine the truth of life within them, ready to be explored, ready to be unearthed.
Yes, my adult novel was awarded a mentor through the Scottish arts council mentoring scheme. This was another great learning curve. I was involved in a four month mentoring process helping to knock my novel into shape. It is called ‘cry wolf’ and I am seeking agent representation. I am also writing a novel called ‘Woman with a letter in her hand’ based on the life of my grandmother. I do see myself writing for adults and children.
Cost for Microphone and all parts: $ 476.70
I love making my yard look nice.
Watching the ancient stars who are already gone,
Now I can say that I am hooked on volunteering, especially for Inland Empire United Way’s school renovation events. What I like most about it is that when I volunteer, I feel like, for a day, everything is right in the world—that people actually care about things and people besides themselves. I get to become part of a friendly environment and I get a sense of fulfillment by doing something for other people.
Another friend’s husband suddenly started running up credit card debt at bars and clubs while he was on overnight business trips. When confronted about it he was belligerent and defensive. In one of the ensuing arguments, he told his wife he didn’t love her and in another argument called her a cunt.
The five, however, did their Perry dissing in different ways. The first three — Huntsman, Bachmann and Santorum — I would classify as the soreheads. They are all doing miserably in the polls. Huntsman and Santorum always were. They are both currently at 2%, tied with a generic “Someone else” and 2 points behind “None/No one.” (No surprise here with Santorum who, when last facing the electorate, lost reelection in his home state of Pennsylvania by 18 points.) Who, besides their wives, really knows why they are running?
We have a little girl at our place for a while with the intention of her mating with our pandaman
Ulysses Music Group Corp.
12.30 P.M. TO 3.00 P.M., SATURDAY, 23RD OCTOBER, 2010, outside Sheffield Town Hall.
Plus! Leela will also be dancing in some unrelated events, in New York City and in Toronto.
The idea of the songs often comes from me and something develops around them during practices and jam sessions.
If it is difficult, then, quite to see those Bohemian Woods in the concrete jungle of the Barbican Centre, and the nature of the concert performance made for a less Romantic rendering than one would hope for in the theatre, this performance exhibited many singular qualities. It will certainly be worth hearing on CD.
One of the things I enjoy most about advertising agencies is their ruthlessly enforced recruitment policy of employing account executives with spiffing bristolas.
As I sat there parked beside the cruiser I could hear everything that was said between the cops and the guy in cuffs. It went something along the lines like this...
shuffled to my car, giving up the ghost of
3. Are You Sitting Comfortably?
So don't do something like this:
According to this report, Japanese diplomats have signaled to their Russian counterparts that the returning of the Kuril Islands to Japan is “critical” as they have no other place to resettle so many people that would, in essence, become the largest migration of human beings since the 1930’s when Soviet leader Stalin forced tens of millions to resettle Russia’s far eastern regions.
Ive lost everything i have but gained a wonderful partner and great in-laws. I'm having a emo post because shit is so fucked up in my head and i dont really understand how it all went so wrong.
I'm also in the last stages of writing a YA novel. I'm very excited about it, and so is Lovely Agent, but she's sworn me to secrecy on what it's about, so mmmmmmm *sound of lips being firmly zipped*. What I can say is that I have a new writing regime for this book, and I'm loving it. Up at 6.30am, write in bed (very lady novelist, but without the fluffy Pomeranian), healthy brain-boosting breakfast, more writing till lunchtime, no Twitter or Facebook or blogging or any other damn thing till then. Target 2500-3000 words a day, which means that I should--should, I say--have it finished by the end of the month (and now that I've said that publicly, I'll have to do it, won't I?). The last 10,000 words were tapped out looking over the island of Elba in a mixture of glorious Tuscan sunshine and very scary thunderstorms. But it's been nice to get back to my own desk and all my books. Books in a rented house aren't the same, somehow, though it's fun exploring someone else's shelves, especially since they belong to another writer--Elizabeth Palmer. I'll tell you more about the novel when I can--I promise!--and I know you'll forgive me if I'm absent with the Muse for a bit over the rest of the summer.
I saw some therapists that weren’t helpful. I decided not to continue on to the Ph.D program, though I still wonder if I did so because I foresaw the rejection that was coming.
I sigh ever since I dumped him prior to her interview Jamie has been going on about Amber being fit. And I know I dumped him but it’s annoying me. What’s worse is Fishy has picked up on the fact it is annoying me and is joining in.
Or can it be that, now that we have forgotten the danger of the terrible roaring lion, that we now see this returned love thing as a duty? We set aside times of the day to talk to Him, and we ceremoniously thank Him for our blessings, mainly our food, and even then, deep down, we really don’t feel like he had anything to do with it. We always have to think about giving our time and resources to His work, but we’re willing enough to claim any blessings he may send our way, and never even think about our benefactor’s warning to those who “strain at a gnat, and swallow a camel” (Matthew 23:24). I tremble to think what we would do if our lives were demanded of us in His name.
Dealing with Ghosts
We know it was a very busy week for most of you so a HUGE THANK YOU to everyone for joining in last week! :-) We KNOW how much you love ANYTHING GOES challenges!!!
America is at war, yet a casual observer would be hard pressed to discern a country fighting for it's very existence. Its soldiers are scattered throughout the world fighting and dying while the folks back home are carrying on with business as usual. We are fighting an enemy just as implacable, just as determined, just as dangerous as the one we faced in World War II. The Second World War was the "good war." Americans and their allies knew what we were fighting for and the enemy was easy to identify. It was all out war, no holds barred, no quarter asked and none given. The goals were clear, unconditional surrender. We entered that war, unprepared and we paid for that lack of readiness, dearly. Thousands of America's young men died entombed in their sinking battleships at Pearl Harbor or marched into captivity at Bataan. Many more thousands were to die in far off places no one had ever heard of such as Guadalcanal, Iwo Jima, Anzio, and Bastogne. Despite the failures, despite the defeats, Americans came together and worked together toward a common goal: Victory.
“I’m nobody I’m I’m…” My heart dropped on the ground.
There is much to celebrate in Swale. We are in the middle of the Garden of England halfway along the A2 between Dover and London. We have rolling countryside. Oast houses dot the local villages and cherry trees were first introduced here. But it doesn’t take long to work out that the area punches below its weight.
2. The way to handle ‘Timan’s toilet issues in town is to look ahead. In the past, every single time the tot had to go potty we were busy in a shop. And this means, stopping the shopping and dropping whatever I had in my hands, heading outside on the lookout for a public restroom (that doesn’t exist anyway or is much too dirty) or an appropriate place with a tree and not too many people around. This is sometimes difficult in town. But I realized, whenever we were passing such a place (the tree – not the public restroom, ‘Timan’ is still refusing to even enter one) and I remember to ask the tot if he has to go, the answer is always ‘yes’. However, before we leave home, the answer is always ‘no’. How come?
Something that’s interesting and fun about the camera is that it comes with a bunch of filters and frames that you can add to the image after the fact. The filters look cool and I will probably use those, but I probably won’t touch the frames after I played around with them today to get some samples.
like a puzzle piece
I can’t handle elementary school children, or even middle school children. I’m not even good with grownups in numbers over 5. Being in a classroom for the brief time I was volunteering was torturous. Every time a child asked me what time it was or if their addition problem was correct, I would get frustrated and want to tell them to get a watch or count on their fingers. I know that I would make children cry, and I don’t want to do that to them or myself.
It's too easy for children to stick with tried-and-tested books - school copies of Roald Dahl, or presents from well-meaning relatives who buy books they remember from their youth (how many versions of 'The Very Hungry Caterpillar' does there need to be, I ask you?).
A spokesperson from the Mexican consulate said, “We are cracking down on these want-to-be soldier of fortune clones and their loco assassin fantasies coming into our country and making fools of themselves.”
At one school our adult tour guide's lips curled at the question. As if we'd asked whether recreational drugs were on offer in the storecupboard, whether noserings were permissible at High Table.
"Is too."
The guy who put his arm in the trap first (Blake), started freaking out immediately. “Go! Go! Go!” he started yelling.
“It’s so incredibly beautiful, Leah! Did you dream it or what?” I was truly stunned.
Yes, I'm damn tired. But I'm also glad to be 76.. Because, mostly, I'm not going to have to see the world these people are making. I'm just sorry for my granddaughter and her children. Thank God I'm on the way out and not on the way in.
(named such as it is all black glass and resembles Vader's mask)
* There are many other examples of time not being consistent with brilliant physicist Daniel Faraday's payload arriving to the "Island" after being launched from the freighter and with the time of death with Dr. Ray arriving to the "Island" after being killed on the freighter. And I always found it interesting that Lapidus needed to follow a bearing to "fly" to the freighter (which of course shows us Desmond having his amazing "Flashes") and the 305 bearing had to be followed when traveling by raft in Cabin Fever.
Sometimes, we would simply go to Target and play ball in the aisles and ride tricycles until Security came.
Maybe it has something to do with the time I forgot to pack valves, membranes and shields; or the next day when I had meetings and presentations offsite but left my pump at Headquarters; or was it the day that I packed valves and membranes but forgot shields? That being said, I was still able to manually express, which honestly seems to be more efficient than using my pump anyway. Maybe if I pump more than 2 times a day, resume taking Fenugreek supplements and drinking Mother's Milk Tea my supply would increase.
Broadcasts:
AU: First let’s talk about the good; the fact that individual cases are reported serves a national purpose. The harm that is being caused is that when we focus on individual issues and not the structural issues, people keep on believing that there are pain-free solutions available and they think that if you remove one person or a set of people your problem will be solved.
And, of course, one last "artsy" shot . . .
In case you were wondering what Zooga meant, our dear Sarah Waxman breaks it down for you:
I’ve found this to be true, and I’ve also found that recognizing and acknowledging the voice of Mother Culture is helpful. That voice—the one that tells us the way the world works, and how we’re supposed to function in it—is a very pervasive one. Yet I find identifying clearly for yourself which voices originate from your own experiences and beliefs about the world, and which are messages you’ve absorbed from external sources, but don't truly belong to you, can be very helpful. It keeps me mostly on the right path, that of following what I truly feel called
Thanks for stopping in, be sure to head to Laurel’s blog to see her creation. Remember to comment for a chance to win your choice of Lawn Fawn stamp. I will draw a winner Sunday night (9:00 p.m. EST) and post it on Monday.
We felt like our whole week with J's family was spent shovelling snow from pavements and carparks, or walking the family dogs through knee-high snow in the fields above the house.
In another one of its movie-marketing mashes, HSN is teaming up with Universal Pictures for a gigantor promotion tied to the movie “Snow White and the Huntsman.”
Begin by steaming or boiling your potatoes with a sprig of mint until tender. When the potatoes are nearly ready add the asparagus to cook for a couple of minutes until just tender (not mushy!). Drain and tip into a bowl. Splash over your vinegar and oil, about a couple of teaspoons of each. You are not drenching the vegetables, just adding a wee bit of liquid for them to soak up as they cool
I had extremely low platelets, elevated liver enzymes and hemolysis. I finally got my medical records after a similar amount of time had gone by too. I started getting a little bit angry and a little bit questioning, "why did nobody catch this? why wasn't I treated?"
Check Sammy Davis Jr. with the matador cape and the whack(y) scandalization face, censoring her before she gets primitive on primetime. The bongos, hip thrusts, and boobie launches (i.e. tropicalizations*) are thrown in at the end like the little bits of freeze-dried green and red pepper that makes Velveeta “fiesta flavor,” which is an image I’m styling from something the gay neo-con academic Richard Rodriguez said in a Bill Moyers interview in 1990 that you can watch or read here if you’re Latino and looking for more reasons to hate yourself.
Your moral values change
So what are you’re favourite Hollywood Movie Couples?
I have faith in the strength of this baby and my body. I feel pregnant- between the slight nauseousness and small cramp in my abs (it feels like I am sore after a good ab workout)- my body is doing it's thing. And I have to let go.
When I can look life in the eyes, grown calm and very coldly wise, life will have given me the truth, and taken in exchange—my youth-
with all of this “you’re a hipster because you don’t dress or talk a certain way”,
Look! The Sun has lost its glow. The planets war with one another in the sky. Ghosts possess people, who howl as if they were on fire!
Market-rate units: 98 studios, 151 1BRs, 42 2BRs (plus super's apartment).
· The popular Adventure Line of rugged, water-safe, eco-friendly footwear has also expanded with over 15 styles. The Minnie and Amazon for girls both come in pediped’s new summer color pool. Fin, Delmar and Sahara are three new boys’ styles making their debut, all with bright pops of color.
(BARACK snurfles, then opens his eyes. He nudges MICHELLE.)
Just wanted to pop in quickly today and let you know I have a video tutorial on how to make pinwheels today on the Lawn Fawn Blog. Inspiration week continues today with more projects featuring the Bright Side paper line and another giveaway! Go check out the great projects and the video. Just a note for those wondering, I am feeling much better than I was the day I made the video. I do apologize for my sickie voice, but never fear I am on the upswing!
“Immigration benefit fraud schemes undermine the integrity of our nation’s legal immigration system, pose a security vulnerability and potentially rob deserving immigrants of benefits they rightfully deserve,” said Brock D. Nicholson, special agent in charge of HSI Atlanta. “The exploitation of our proud legal immigration tradition for profit is morally repugnant and HSI will move aggressively against those who engage in such criminal conduct.” Nicholson oversees HSI activities in Georgia and the Carolinas.
$2.00 off 2 Welch's Sparkling Juices
It is also applicable and arguably a requirement for business interactions. Without communicating in a professional manner, businesses can fail to connect with prospective customers. You not only need to create an environment of trust and dependability, but you also need to assure the potential client that you will have their back throughout your relationship.
For my lungs to take in so much fresh air
Every month, week and day, there are some really strange, fun and downright funny holidays and observances celebrated everywhere. In fact, you can even make up your own ‘holiday’ to celebrate on your blog with your readers – that’s how easy it is to come up with days of posts at a time. But you don’t have to make it up yourself. It’s hard enough coming up with a post. Here’s a blogging calendar I found that feature some of these holidays. The other nice thing is, it has room to jot down your own ideas and you can use it to literally plan out the year’s content – or just a month or two ahead if you’re not the planning type. This really helps keep your blog going without rushing to write last minute posts.
Serves 2-3
Sometimes I read a profile that leaves me saying, “Wow! I’d like to know this person!” and I send an e-note expressing why his profile interests me. Occasionally my interest is returned, but that’s rare (I’m not sure why). Usually I’m ignored.
Chemo begins tomorrow, incidentally our father's birthday, he who left the land of the upright 46 years ago, half the age he'd be tomorrow.
10:30PM: Filmmaker Q & A
* Set not in Germany but in 1950s Yugoslavia, and a political satire to boot, but with a main character who is a young postman (who is seduced on his rounds by a woman hanging out her washing in a high wind) and altogether funnier and more kind-hearted than you might expect, and a snip at £7.99.
Why are his attempts to limit the freedom of the British people never questioned in any general way?
my very good friend,
The President of the United States of America is making a statement in front of the Fish'n'chip shop,
Enjoy the photos of our beautiful little girl.
After 10 years in The Knoxville Home we were bursting at the seams. We had just had our second girl, A, and it was a tight fit. Our friend, Gail had gotten her real estate license and she was on the hunt for something for us. As it turns out she found a beauty down the street from her and Kelly. We were in heaven as we were always getting together to play cards and hang out as Kelly was The Hubby's best bud. The house was perfect for me and it had a POOL! I was ecstatic but The Hubby, not so much but he was a good guy and knew it was best at the time.
Preheat the oven to 350. Prepare the cake batter per the package directions. Divide equally into two bowls. In one bowl, add yellow and red food coloring drop by drop, to acheive a bright orange color. Pour two tablespoons (teaspoons for mini cupcakes) of the plain batter into a cupcake pan with paper liners. Add two tablespoons (two teaspoons for mini cupcakes) of the orange batter on top. Bake per package instructions.
The statement of object and reasons for IPC498A cited dowry harassment as the main reason for enacting this amendment, but couldnt the legislature also have envisaged that men also can be harassed for material objects? Wasnt if Rani Kakeyi, step-mother to Lord Rama, who demanded from her husband the throne for her own son, Bharat and asked for Lord Rama to be banished and in the process, casing immense pain to her husband, which eventually took his life?
It’s like a huge budget video game cinematic. Overlong, overcomplicated, overproduced and boring as hell.
And those who fear are lost I know that the spades
I get no sense of 1802 London, and no sense of the story. The first paragraph is the only one to keep.
- Metro ticket 2 euro
"Ano sasabihin mo? (What are you going to say?) How do we know each other? =) Through Grindr?" I teased him.
"And fire in the hole!!" He exclaimed!
Opening Reception is Sunday, September 11, 2011 from 1:00-3:00p.m. Please come and meet the artists (I plan to be there) and enjoy yummy refreshments. Wear comfortable walking shoes to see my work. One painting hangs in the historic mansion and the other is in the Horticulture Center. Comfortable shoes will allow you to enjoy the stroll between the two buildings and the rest of the gardens, woods and grounds weather permitting.
Some people have their whole lives to get ready for motherhood. Hell, Nate tells me that when he was young and Mormon, the girls learned songs in preschool about wanting to grow up and be mommies. Me? I only had nine months to get ready. After more than 30 years of not being ready, that hardly seems enough.
We were able to see walls with hanging chrysalises, hatched butterflies and some that were just emerging. It was thrilling to see the butterflies go through their metamorphosis process in high-speed. Within the butterfly garden there were roughly 30 flying around, at least that I could see. Lucky for us, a few of the butterflies were calm enough to pose for photos.
It is almost a small mystery in itself to find the hid-way Jerusalem Passage. But once you have found that narrow path your reward will be The Dovetail, probably central London's best Belgian beer bar.
Still Twilit here....
Of course, the targeting of particular strategic moments (revolutions, popular dissent, etc.) by these 'complexifiers' indicates a precise awareness of the stakes involved, as does a 'practical materialism' about careers / academic power structures / institutions etc. Hence 'monocausalism' is both accepted as a truth and distantiated or diavowed precisely on the 'material' basis of class/social position.
So far not so good, but this week hit a happier note again on Wednesday, after noting the arrival of these little sweeties!
So there you have it; my 3 Sisters for the new millennium! This system might be further enhanced by planting other companion crops for tomatoes nearby, like basil, marigold, mint, onion, or garlic.
Tell me how you gon’ be without me?
Mayor John B. O’Reilly, Jr. welcomed 80 key leaders, including U.S. Sen. Carl Levin, Congressman John Dingell, Federal Railroad Administrator Joseph Szabo, Michigan Department of Transportation Director Kirk T. Steudle, and Amtrak Chairman of the Board Tom Carper, as well as transportation and industry officials.
Brevyn- (6 years old) Brevyn is in 1st Grade this year. His class is a 1st/2nd Grade mix and so he sees Adelynn quite often. They share some of the same friends and play together at recess. He is a great reader and has just discovered his love of "chapter books." He also still loves puzzles and video games. He has not lost a tooth yet, but just found a loose one and is wiggling it faithfully. When he grows up he wants to be an architect- and we think he'll be a great one since he is constantly building things out of Legos and Tri-O Blocks.
Between 2002 and 2011, the UN’s core budget grew from $2.89 billion to $5.37 billion (the United States pays 22% of this). The largest share was personnel costs.
Speaking of my Kykers . . . it's really amazing how much stuff he picks up just by listening to what I teach Jaybird. Kyan does not like any kind of "learning time" at all. I don't stress it so much with him; he's only three after all. The other day he told me, "Mommy, I know my address" and then proceeded to rattle it off. He's only heard Jaidan and I repeat it -- I've never practiced it with him. He's also been telling me different addition facts. "One plus one makes two! Two plus three makes five!" I don't mean to sound like an asshole when I say this but . . . it's really surprised me! Jaidan learns a lot in the same way I do (by doing) whereas Kyan is obviously an auditory learner. I never realized how much he picked up on just by listening.
Rinse and dry the salmon filets. Season with salt and pepper. While you're prepping the grill soak the cedar plank in water for 20 minutes to an hour. We actually left ours in the bucket over night because we made salmon the night before.
On top of this, slices of the lamb were arranged and topped with a quenelle of garlic purée and a sprig of mint.
Have some characteristics of Victorian social housing but maybe its a bit too fancy for that. It's close to the Gare du Lyon.
So after President Obama left Afghanistan after sucking his own dick on the anniversary of Navy SEALs killing bin Laden, there was a suicide bombing, emphasis added:
No easy way to evaluate current understanding and perspectives on the environment across your school or educational establishment.
This was basically the same thing over and over, but De Niro and Andy put enough of an effort into some of their lines to provide a few laughs. Also, De Niro said “Andy” at one point. B-
(World Market Research Centre)
"Oh God, it's 4.03, I have to get up in three hours."
I give Italy kudos though. When the problem was discovered, they stepped up immediately to make it right and paid for the edition they had published. As it was also out of print, they officially reverted the rights they actually never had. *grin*
I've decided to resurrect this blog and do something different.
4) Explain Skemp’s two kinds of mismatches (in the classroom) in your own words.
This next picture was a real cutie-pie stop for me. An unbelievably small breed of sheep, the smallest in the world I think, correct me if I am wrong, and I think originating in Brittany.
Why didn’t I sing?
But I have even more Peter J. Williams stuff!
Options:
“EP! EP! EP! EP! EP! FUCK!”
As your children get older, the Ninja Moms are the ones who tell you which emergency rooms have the best pediatric protocols because such information is valuable and luck favors the prepared. They tell you which soccer league is a good one and which one to avoid. They give you strategies for navigating theme parks.
Crystal Malt - 7.9%
Die- Magnolia Pennant
The asexual lifecycle is a good mechanism for building up large numbers of the parasites in the host, but in order to travel to a new host, the parasite needs to undergo sexual reproduction. At the trophozoite stage many parasites go on to the asexual lifecycle, but some differentiate to gametocytes, which are infective to the mosquito host when ingested (unlike the asexual stages). The sex of these gametocytes is determined by environmental cues, and the sex ratio can vary widely. If the gametocyte is female, it produces a single gamete, but the male gametocytes can produce up to eight gametes. If the usual 50/50 sex ratio that we are most familiar with is preserved, this would lead to a huge excess of male gametes! Instead, the sex ratio tends to be biased towards females.
“In the interest of diversity,” she said, “I chose a brunette, a redhead, a blond, and a kid with hair as black as print on paper.”
To find adults taking jackets off of children
Gimme Some Money
Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak said the Cabinet during its meeting Wednesday also decided that the inquest into Teoh’s cause of death would be headed by a magistrate as dictated by law.
We know McQuade is a bad ass because he drives a dirty Dodge truck that, for some unspoken reason, is a super truck. It’s got some crazy boost system that allows him to rocket down the highway. He gets buried inside the truck deep in the movie and after he pours beer on himself to wake himself up after getting the crap kicked out of him, drives the truck out of the ditch.
16. Wouldn't wanna be like you - The Alan Parsons Project / 3:13
The manager turned to the server, ‘lock the door.’
i was. once.
Police said Isalgue left his 13-year-old daughter and a friend alive in the apartment.
If you have been placed on the waiting list, she will let you know via email, no later than Feb. 22nd.
I can't wait!
Of course, Murphy’s Law went into effect and I had just shaved my legs the night before I got the epilator in the mail! I had to wait a few days before I could try it. I checked out all of the neat attachments, and I was especially impressed by the tweezers with the LED light and mirror inside. I did try those right away and they completely rocked! They made it really easy to see and grasp my fine eyebrow hair.
Artwork created by Roddenberry using my photos from the show. Due to my mistakes to him, a couple of minor errors in artwork, corrected below.
Brewers Association
The second story is about someplace we haven't been. It starts in the cyberpunk Disneyland of Kowloon, and descends into Shenzhen, an instant metropolis larger than New York City, and its Special Economic Zone. The Special Economic Zone is a fief of huge Foxconn factories where all of our high tech toys are assembled by hand by workers reduced to component parts.It is a Kafka-esque domain that combines the worst features of communism and corporatism to produce a gulag of lives monitored, regulated, and burned out. And by burned out I'm not talking about that Friday afternoon when you stare at the screen and you're looking forward to the weekend. I'm talking the burned out that happens when you have to do the same task repeatedly, standing for up to 18 hours a day to make a quota until your spine fuses, and at the first sign that you are unable to do so, you are tossed out. Or, in the case of Foxconn, you jump off the roof of the four story factory because it is easier than living (Foxconn's solution to this fatal disobedience? Install nets on the roofs).
St Vincents Mental Health Chair of Psychiatry Dr. David Castle says that in general, we are experiencing a broader increase in body image concern among men (and women).
The Soay sheep here are remarkably agile for being 2000 years old and the fence has survived so well it looks like it was made yesterday.
Ane with her napkin card. Isn't this awesome! I've never seen one like this and the detail is amazing. Congrats Ane and be sure to grab our Top Sister badge to display on your blog.
4. I eat merely to put food out of my mind. (N.F. Simpson)
We got back home in time to pick up the kids from school, and turned around and drove back across town to go browse some furniture stores. I know, that was SO a priority for today (LMBO!!!). We went to 3 or 4, and found some nice couches. Who knew that furniture was SO expensive? Now I know why we just have hand-me-downs.
So, we were dog owners for less than 48 hours. And that’s ok with me.
“Well I don’t want to go.” Tidy started rummaging through her dresser. “I’m going swimming. You can go get spelled.”
By 1994, the U.S. was importing more oil than it produced. In 2010, oil imports will provide about 60 percent of all oil consumed in the USA.”(2) The United States remains as one of the world’s largest importer of crude oil, although oil imports declined by 10% since 2006.
BeaArthur22: LOL! Who farted? AhhhhHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
All in all, the longest are...
It's our first couple-Christmas without our families.
Bill has been around the block, and some people might remember him from his Be Bop Deluxe days, but he hasn’t been played on American radio or done a proper tour of the U.S. since the 70’s.
a photo of the 2 of us. She said she regretted not having many pictures with her husband.
Want what YOU’RE having. And then be grateful for it.
So, today, AT CLOSING we find out that the addendum I signed last night (since they just gave it to us yesterday) needed 48 hours to be processed. Nice, huh!? So, they give us this document to sign, fully knowing it needs 48 hours to process, yet, they give it to us about 18 hours before closing is scheduled. ASSHOLES! (opps! Sorry, that slipped) It's just so completely ridiculous.
As a little background, we always knew our current home wasn't going to be our forever home for a couple of reasons -- it's a townhome, it's 3 stories, and it's not zoned to the best schools in town (and we aren't overly interested in paying for private school once we have kids). None of those things mattered when we bought it because we knew we wanted to wait several years before we even thought about having kiddos. Even though we still don't have any immediate plans to have kids, the time is at least getting closer and we are thinking about a more family-friendly house. As far as the house hunt, we haven't found anything yet, but we think we have narrowed our search down to a couple of areas, neither of which aren't too far away from our current home, which is great since we love the area.
2/3 cup Matzo Meal
Ok, this definitely isn't a must-have - but it's something that I use every single day. It wasn't something I would have ever purchased, honestly. I would have thought it was superfluous and a waste of money and space. And I would have been wrong. That said, you could probably use a regular Boppy to much the same effect. I happened to have this already as a photography prop, so one day I pulled it out...and it's been sitting next to me ever since. Any time she's laying down next to me, she's on this (like now, she's chilling next to me on the couch on it). I pick it up and put it on the bathroom floor when I go pee or outside the shower when I am showering. She'll nap on it, do tummy time on it, and just kick back and relax on it. It's a bit more supportive for her back and allows positioning that looks more comfortable than a regular Boppy but again, I'm pretty sure a regular Boppy could be used identically for the most part. So not needed, but since I had it already, I love it and am including it on the list simply because I use it all the damn time.
An 8yr old having a baby????
Malts/Fermentables
In month 5 you buy another cloth diaper ($20) and decide to only get 1/2 case of disposables ($20) since you see a light at the end of the tunnel and don't think you'll need them for much longer. You are now down to using only 3 disposables a day.
I want to write more about all of this but, after a busy weekend, I'm rather tired so will have to leave that to another day when I feel more coherent and awake than I do now.
I have hope that one day, we will stand proud for who we are.
That was the moral piece I needed to push me over there.
I am able to cry and express me. (!!)
/opt/VRTSddlpr/lib/libvxdiscovery.so
Date: May 5th, time: 10-11PM (Your Local Time Zone) Welcome!
He was brutally attacked as he left his synagogue in Kiev. He has been hospitalized ever since with head injuries. Today, he was brought to Israel for treatment. Israel stands ready to welcome Jews from all over the world - healthy ones and injured ones, those who live in fear and those who come here by choice.
“In Our Hearts Forever” offers support during a difficult time. The group consists of people who have suffered the same losses and wish to encourage and comfort one another. The May meeting will address “How to Cope with Mother’s Day, Father’s Day and Grandparents’ Day.”
The more I have reflected on this the more clear it has become that choosing to be right is about ego, while choosing to be peaceful is about wisdom.
Not terribly fast or nimble and hampered by a psychic reliance on George.
Sound: I haven't heard the PSP version, but the GBA version has lots of voice clips. They all sound fairly good too. They do suffer from the system's limitations and sound a bit tinny or compressed, but it is clear enough to make out what is being said. They're usually only used during battle anyways. The music is fairly good too. Not great, just good.
Be careful how you vote now - enough animals in the zoo!
For some people, picking up the phone and calling someone they’ve never met is easy, but for me, it took some getting used to, especially because I was nervous I hadn’t prepared the right questions to get enough meat for the stories I’d be writing for the ACES newsletter. Every time, though, I ended up having more than enough to write about, and I hesitated less and less before picking up the phone and conducting my next interview.
and serve with Green Chile sauce for dipping.
When I agreed with her, she briefly wanted to talk about what that means, if trying to help this child heal means I become a victim of abuse, is that okay or even worth it?
I have to admit, I think it's amazing when Brian gets me a really sweet gift for a special occasion. But let's face it...sometimes it's easier to just buy your own presents. This Mother's Day I treated myself to a Polar Heart Rate monitor and a Zumba B2 training session with the FIERCE Tanya Beardsley.
With the war basically lost and the Epigoni starving them out, the Thebeans consulted their seer Tiresias for what they should do. Tiresias told them to send a herald to the Epigoni to open up diplomacy and at the same time the citizens of Thebes would flee the city. The Thebans
"Thank you, Sir."
I don't have many followers on Twitter and am guessing like any other social networking one has to follow people to get followed.
This suggests that through repeated ionic foot baths, one of two things:
boxer-babe
Mill workers will march against the NTC on March 1 st from Currey Road station bridge, west to Gold Mohur Mills, Dadasaheb Phalke Road Dadar East starting at 7.30 am
3) During recipe development, I tried making this with as much as 2 cups of peanut butter. That was just too peanut-buttery for my taste – especially if you put the glaze on top. I also tried it with as little as one cup of peanut butter. With only 1 cup of peanut butter, you could barely tell any was in there. If you're a peanut-butter-aholic, try it with 2 cups of peanut butter sometime. That's not my thing but you might like it.
Some of our favorite treats to eat during this time of year is Rocky Road and Cinnamon Santas (or bears) covered in chocolate.
At the Kiwanis Bike Program – 2500 Valley Road, Sparks NV
Pink Double Knockout
Photo Books
Hopefully all of you are all well and enjoying April days. Will you be attending the event in Collinsville this year? What are you scrap plans for summer? I have tons. My mom left me with many journals and unfinished albums. My goal the next few days, before I head for home, is to get their life history organized to put into a book for our family.
We lived through the goodbye door this time but will we next time?
- Sally Hansen Diamond Strength, Insta-Dri nail polish: CAD5.99
01/05/2012 BUY 0.01 usdhkd 7.76620
Friday: AMAZING concert. So fun. Very moving. More on that later!
Situation 3: Girl meets boy in high school and thinks he is a jock. Boy acts like girl doesn't exist. Girl meets boy several years later. Boy likes girl. Girl feels like he's ridiculous for liking her. Girl acts like he's kidding and ignores him but asks him out anyway. Boy doesn't take her up on offer. Girl stays single and feels stupid. Boy is stupid.
Although I know that this blogging thing is entirely a personal thing and we aren't meant to be under pressure to post, I actually feel really bad for not posting for what feels like an age. So much has happened since I last posted and to a certain degree, this is what has kept me from posting.
First and foremost, I need to announce the winner of the headband! I used Random.org to pick the winning number and it was 2! That was Heidi Nicole at Run Around Aroo! Please email me (katieanneschmidt@aol.com) your mailing address and headband choice so Emily can send out your headband. I promise, you will love this thing!!
The Kids of Dandelion Township on Amazon Books Written by Nicole Borgenicht, and Illustrated by Lisa M Griffin
The actors are first rate, but the real star of Laura is its music. David Raksin’s famous theme is haunting shorthand for unattainable love. Johnny Mercer’s lyrical additions made the theme even more famous and beloved. Laura is worth seeing for the score alone; its effect fueled many an actresses’ regret over turning down the part. When asked for her response after seeing Laura, Hedy Lamarr famously said “they sent me the script, not the score.”
and probably more who I’ve forgotten about. Sorry, if you’re one of those.”
I awoke feeling frustrated, feeling like I needed to do something, feeling like everyone wanted something and I wasn't able to get a grip. I was dropping the ball and messing up everything. I'm sure you all know what I'm talking about. It's sometimes difficult to juggle everything. It's so hard to keep up with housework, to pay bills on time, do laundry, make doctor appointments, and make sure your kids have clothes they haven't outgrown. Then there's getting the kids' pictures taken, arranging birthday parties, planning out Sunday school lessons, going to the grocery store, making school lunches, and cooking dinner. And let's not forget making sure you spend enough time with the kids together and individually, helping them with their homework, reading to them, making sure they do their homework, and practice their instruments, ensuring they eat a balanced diet. And if you work outside the home, there are the meetings, the paperwork, the business trips, and the phone calls to deal with as well. It's a wonder we don't all wake up in cold sweats in the middle of the night after having the waitress dream!
This is hardly unique in the writing world. Who'd want to spend all day with horrible people? (For the life of me, I still don't understand the appeal of The Slap, but I digress.) Spending all morning with fabulous people is why some of my projects kick on while others languish in the bottom drawer of my mind.
1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil
He said, “don’t you dare, don’t you even think about jumping off that roof!”
Singh
Hey. Have you bought the Christmas album yet from Ross "talks about himself in the 3rd person" King? Well, you should.
The Hajj itself involves pilgrims going to a series of places in and around Makkah: the plains of Mina – which houses thousands of tents and acts as the base for the five days; the desert plain of Arafah – which hosts the peak of the Hajj; the open lands of Muzdalifah – where pilgrims spend a night resting; the Jamarat – where pilgrims re-enact stoning of the devil; and the Holy Mosque in Makkah – which houses the Ka’bah and the hills of Saffa and Marwah, which have their own historical significance.
"Everyone falls in love sometimes":
Addison ignored them and continued walking towards the sitting room. She opened the door partially and looked inside, her eyes scanning the room for familiar faces.
"Would 10 more minutes with your friend make it less likely for you to feel like I ruined this day?"
I arrived on Monday evening and it was one of those high speed hotel turn arounds where I had eight minutes from arriving in the room to the point where I had to meet outside a certain theatre at a designated time.
However, I got to go out to buy bookkeeping books for school…(T-T)
6 to 10 ounces steak, pork, chicken, or shrimp, cubed
Since in order to maintain status in the country, you need to be able to show you've been in the country for at least two years out of each five year period, this card is one of the devices used to track your comings and goings in and out of the country.
They perform Stand up. As they’re performing, a person in a hood is making a video of them on his cell. It’s Min Gun. The members celebrate after the gig with good food and Tae Gun lets slip that Chang Min has been failed in two subjects. Chang Min hears the news from behind and fumes. At Busan, Woo Hyun’s manager asks if he’s alright and if they shouldn’t go to the hospital in the morning but Woo Hyun says its fine. He’s left clutching his heart and flashing back to the kiss scene and he wonders what Seung Yeon has done to him. No wonder he’s going crazy. Seung Yeon meanwhile is in a state of worry and tells Ji Woo she got rejected. He asks if he told him she was a girl but she explains she couldn’t tell him everything and muses that it’s probably better this way-if she’d revealed it, it would probably be even more trouble. That night, someone sneaks into Hyun Suk’s office and leaves a DVD on his desk. Yes, it’s what I think it is and it’s not good!
In 1989 and 1994, minor solar storms knocked out communication satellites, shut down power plants and disrupted the electrical grid. These were minor solar flares. Imagine if a solar storm the size of 1859's struck our modern society? Delicate wires run everywhere nowadays. Filaments, computer chips, hard drives, cell phones and electrical lines that stretch thousands of miles. Have you stopped to think about your vehicle's computer system? The details might surprise you. We'll get to that in a minute, but first, let's talk briefly about a man-made version of the Perfect Solar Storm – the nuclear EMP event.
The group has put up the GAP display, which compares abortion to past historical atrocities through the use of graphic images, on the University of Calgary grounds without incident eight times since 2006.
This was played to perfection by Bobby, who seems to have the spirit of a child. The Permanent Midnight reference was off the hook. B+
Rel shivered. "You can't seriously want to risk an unexplored Sherim in your condition!"
chds=-30,50
And then the bleep goes off: the first call on my first shift. I have 20 minutes before they arrive, so I get up, get dressed and run down to the ED. The team are assembling, and I start introducing myself. When another member of the team arrives I introduce myself again. And again. And again. There are a LOT of members of this Trauma Team.
Silence again. He could feel his heart beat accelerating. So he had been right. There was something wrong. He then chose to soften his tone and asked her again, “Iqra, tell me what happened? Please? You are making me nervous.”
So, there I am, admiring this big, beautiful clock with crackled paint all over it. It's quite heavy. And I know there's no way it's going up on the wall in my staircase until I hire a handyman for the job; neither DH, nor I, have the guts to climb a ladder to hang that thing.
I hope you all have a good week. Abby x
The stamps are celebrating 75 years of British Comics (yes, we all know British comics have been going for longer than that) and the First Day Cover features the Comic Book Alliance logo and stamp, plus all 10 of the Royal Mail’s First Class comic book stamps which include Desperate Dan and The Dandy, Dennis The Menace and The Beano and Dan Dare and Eagle.
Reflecting views similar to their white and Indian counterparts, 71% of black youth felt it was impossible to get employment in South Africa; 58% said crime made them want to live in another country, and 73% felt government was not living up to its promises.
So, there you are, a day by day photo shoot. Thanks to my very patient husband for taking the photos, and thanks to my darling daughter for letting me use her camera as mine had flat batteries.
Went for my routine checkup today and everything seemed to be going fine until he stuck his index finger up my butt! Do you think I should change dentists?
In contradiction of the quotes at the top, being “of two minds” is not an inherent evil. It is, I would assert, the sign of a healthy mind. In my profession as an event coordinator, I need the quiet, disciplined side to get through my daily routine of correspondence, record keeping, and planning ahead (to name a small fraction of what I do), but I also need the playful side to ensure the events I’m producing are enjoyable and entertaining.
This is lways a fun time for the whole family.
Granger has less to say in Include Me Out about the themes of Strangers, figuring perhaps that they'd been hashed out enough elsewhere. He does tell a well-known story about seeing Hitchcock slouched and unhappy in his chair, asking what was wrong, and getting the response, "Oh, I'm just bored." The creative work was already done, and the director was transferring "from paper to film," no more excited than an author retyping a manuscript. Despite Hitchcock's ennui, Granger said Strangers was the happiest set he ever worked on.
He muttered “where are they…where are they?”
-98 American contractors were lined up on the beach and machine-gunned and bayoneted
Return On Engagement is Not a Numbers Game is the 45th in a series of excerpts from our book, Be a Person: the Social Operating Manual for Enterprises (itself part of a series for different audiences). At this rate it’ll be a long time before we get through all 430 pages, but luckily, if you’re impatient, the book is available in paper form at http://bit.ly/OrderBeAPerson and you can save $5 using Coupon Code 62YTRFCV
From ‘til Dawn is the first Quentin Tarantino film to show up on Apocalypse Cinema. Not the most auspicious film to start with, but I am certain many more Tarantino offerings with appear before it is all said and done. I have to bow to my 31 horror film reviews plan, which has already been thrown for a loop enough already.
General astronomy questions, no matter how basic, can be asked in the greater Asterisk forums. Please do not send email to the address shown in the video. Unfortunately, I expect to move on to other projects and would like this project to run autonomously. I therefore ask that if someone knows the answer to an asked question, please go right ahead and answer that question. Please do not wait for me to answer. On occasion, however, I do peruse The Asterisk’s forums.
Of a known universe so immense
Bring water to a boil for pasta, salt water and cook to al dente.
Her hands go behind my neck. She gently pulls my head toward hers, until our lips touch.
'I saw people I respected, intelligent students from normal, sensible backgrounds like me, behaving like this. I know it sounds stupid, but it made you feel it was OK. You felt that if other people were doing it with no serious side-effects, then somehow you were all right.
Turning to those six demands, that is the purpose of the meeting. We aim to come away framing them, ready then for the long haul of seeing them implemented. A clear set of demands, we feel, will give a clear focus and objective, on which to tackle the decay which is evident in our system of government.
Fruit Beer, Ommegan Brewery (Moortgat), New York, 8.9% ABV
January the beginning of the year. Genesis the beginning of His Story. My Bible at my side, the music I sing to lift my spirit to His throne room playing, the empty calendar to be filled by His design - beginning.
But the larger than usual American attendance at the high-profile event reflects U.S. efforts to reassert its presence in the Asia-Pacific region as a counterweight to China’s rise, a move that has rattled Beijing.
"Baby, did you know that there are some kiddos that don't get toys at all for Christmas?"
Cops milled around the penthouse apartment, in the most exclusive residence in the city. Many of the uniformed officers gazed in awe and wonder at the twenty foot high ceilings, forgetting, for just a moment, that they were there to investigate a crime. A fact that Detective Johnson wasn’t about to let them forget.
Mrs Temple's Alpine, Suffolk Gold
To wholly stay right here
Christopher Sean Caton, 34, New York, N.Y.
Franco Jara grabbed the opening goal of the game in the fifth minute as an under-strength and under-par Los Blancos struggled to create anything of note. However, Cristiano Ronaldo’s late penalty brought Madrid back into the game before David Cortes’ inexplicable own-goal during injury time sent the newly-crowned champions onto 97 points.
I told my mom and we made plans to attend. My mom then read three more of her books and became a huge fan/stalker of Lisa Scottoline.
JONNY and HEROMAN stand on top of the tallest building in town.
Sweet little Rosie has been been RUNNING everywhere! She doesn't quite slow down enough to walk, just takes a dead sprint to where she wants to go... makes me soooo nervous. She also makes Ollie a little nervous. He's not too sure what to think about her new level of mobility! She loves to run at him and pet him and give him "loves"... he's not too sure about that yet :-/
September 25
like the rest of the card.
Stranger does not rhyme with anger,
There is a false dichotomy between evangelism and discipleship. Discipleship is essentially the formation of people into the image of Christ, identifying them in real life with the Gospel. Therefore, if it’s true that we speak and do what we really are, then if we really are identified by the Gospel we will proclaim it. This is not to say that we wait for sanctification before we proclaim the Gospel. We are ready to share the Gospel as soon as we believe it. In fact, learning how to proclaim the Gospel in word (evangelism) is a part of our discipleship. It works together beautifully. Gospel proclamation has the strange sanctifying effect of making us love the Gospel even more. The more we love the Gospel, the more we want to be identified with it, like anything, and like anything, the more we want to talk about it. Vicious cycle this Christian life is.
Though it is important to stay focused during exams, students should keep in mind that attending events and hanging with friends could relieve some stress. Study groups can serve as both; time to hang, and study with a group of people.
I was stunned. “You mean you knew about it?”
Beaulieu doesn't just leave it to one world though as he shows glimpses of an ethereal realm just as interesting and delves deep into the nature and mechanics of his magic and how they are intertwined with the world.
79. Mexican Cousin -- Phish
3. Share 7 random things about yourself.
Management presented a proposal to eliminate the positions of Building Maintenance Mechanic, Machinist and Electrician I, II and III. Under their proposal:
No, we won’t paint all College Girls as sex crazed, trampy flukes. In fact there are brilliant, beautiful young Ladies even at Georgetown. There is an excellent writer at Georgetown, Angela Morabito, who deserves so much credit. Angela Morabito does not want to be a freeloader like Sandra Fluke. Many young Ladies who are College Students barely get by yet they don’t BEG for money to have tons of sex?
This is a full-time, 1-year Trust (non-Federal) position at IS-9, Step 1. The salary is $51,630 with excellent benefits. To apply, please submit by email a cover letter, resume and two (2) writing samples, by May 4, 2012 to:
I am really struggling with this. I already buy generic when I can and I have been trying to limit my processed food intake (which is just more expensive and time consuming.) I already gave up on dying my hair (at least until it has been repaired) and nail techs and stylists alike weep when I pass by. I am not a girly girl, I don’t need to have the newest purse or pair of shoes…I never have. I don’t spend a lot of time or money on anything in particular. I do have a problem with caffeine intake as I found out yesterday when I tried not drinking any and ended up with a splitting headache. I could try to give up coffee, but nobody likes it when my head hurts. I could give up drinking…I know I am better off for it. I could go through my craft things…but I am not going to give up any of the five passions, that is not even part of the equation.
You really dont wanna miss this one!!!
Prepare the glaze:
and ate to their hearts content! ^.^
Now that we are home, there are so many things going through my heart and mind after visiting West Africa. To be honest, I am still processing all I experienced.
Hey, it isn't like they aren't trying.
"The realization that formal development will often be intensified by metrical change gave rise to the idea of organizing the metrical process in such a way that each measure is subject to a different metrical structure. If the metrical proportions are then constructed along mathematical lines, namely according to sequences or combination theory, then the metrical process is no longer the product of random or arbitrary events. New, higher-level symmetries are the result, moreover interesting overlaps of the metrical series with the musical phrase, varient recapitulations, and the like.
Their signature dish is ribbons of raw squid, meant to be dunked in a sauce of ponzu, a raw egg yolk and uni. So simple, yet an amazing use of all the ingredients. Their sushi platters were also outstanding, though I’m hard pressed to decide which was better – Masazushi, or Kikuzushi in Sapporo.
Coming from the Adirondack's, this is probably my favorite of the Pumpkin Ales.
Maybe you overindulged yesterday and the day got away from you before you could balance that out. No worries. With balance comes flexibility. Add to your exercise time today and eat a bit healthier overall today. Be mindful of balancing out yesterday’s choices. This doesn’t mean you should feel guilty about yesterday and be filled with regret or remorse. Quite the opposite in fact. Embrace the choices you made yesterday and follow them with considered choices today. Choose extra vegetables and fruit today to balance what you overeat or drank yesterday. It doesn’t mean yesterday’s choices were bad and today’s are good. It’s just that overall, you’re bringing them into balance.
So, I have embraced the new trend -- MAGNETS!
At last our first point of Chelsea since we were promoted to the Premiership. A classy Jon Walters goal, in an entertaining game that even had Five Live praising our attcking football and how good the game was. End to end stuff, although as you’d expect Chelsea had the lion’s share of possession. Good effort by Kenwyne Jones as well. WE ARE STOKE!
I do a variation of this salad at least three times a week. The best part is you can add or subtract about anything and it is still going to taste fabulous. I buy the huge bag of spinach at Costco and it lasts a week or two. It is also way easy to take to dinners or pot lucks.
It also leads to interesting group dynamics if everyone happens to come from a different cultural background on top of having distinct personality differences.
Another quiet day...
Movin' on. Grabbed a ticket from Lenny. Got to the bar. Unfortunately, it was too packed to see what beers were on tap on the other end of the room. Fortunately, Chris was on that end of the bar. A quick call to him and our decision was made (that Beer Town Austin is so helpful). We were bad crawlers and ordered NB Ranger IPAs (Sofia did not want a Winter Stout, I blame her). Chatted with Beer Town Austin, Josh and Sarah.
Photo: It must be remembered, that not only are Syria’s rebels committing horrific atrocities amidst an admittedly terroristic campaign against the Syrian people, they do so with arms, funding, equipment, training, and political support from the “Friends of Syria” cadre including the US, UK, France, Saudi Arabia, and Qatar.
Finding a grill was sort of a nightmare. I needed a really big grill, and of course I don’t even own a small one! I already had some helpers tentatively lined up, and was pretty sure I could shanghai at least a few people to help if I needed to, they would want to eat after all! One Sunday morning during a round the topic of the Club Championships came up, and we started discussing where I was with the planning. Basically the grill was my one real sticking point. One of the guys suddenly stopped and pulled out his cell phone. He called a guy, and arranged for the most fantastic grill I could have hoped for! It even looked like a train!
After this morning’s work, I met up with my acting friend and co-producer of the Sydney Fringe Festival show we are hoping to get up in September. It was great chatting with him about acting, agents… and everything we need to get done in order to get this show up! Argh! We still have a lot to do to get everything together in under only 5 months!
Send us a story or tip @ TipsForLimerain.com@gmail.com and follow our pages for the latest limera1n, rubyra1n, and all tech stories, follow us on Twitter at @iphonepixelpost or @limerain_com
So it’s confirmed now that Lana’s investigation of Kalinda is just payback for being rejected? Ughhh. She had to know that talking to Lemond Bishop would put Kalinda’s life in danger. Well at least Kalinda and Alicia is well on their way to be BFF again. I don’t think I can stand another season with the two of them not really talking.
And in this space it is so completely true….
One time you told me that you didn't know something you were gonna write on was broken. And you got a nail in your finger and you had to go to the doctors. When you came back home from the doctors. When I heard that, I knew to say something sweet about this story, that I hope it never happens again.
Best all-floor surface, Better Life Simply Floored!: One shining solution for every floor in your home, this nontoxic champion tackles scuffs, smudges, and stains on hardwood, tile, laminate, bamboo, and even marble. And - wait for it - no rinsing required. The mild minty-lime is nothing short of aromatherapy.
1/2 tsp. cayenne pepper (optional)
What was going on then? I was living in an apartment I could not afford to live in, and chose to move out my things…and living pretty much out of my car. It is not a fun experience at age 59! I had been hunting for work for over a year, not able to pay my bills and harassed daily by bill collectors.
So why do we get along so well with our parents? It's pretty simple: control. Or, more accurately, the lack of control.
5:45 pm – 6:30 pm Break
Following Miss Mason's approach, we will be doing artist and composer studies this year. Guess what is included in the 2010 TOS Schoolhouse Planner? Yep. You guessed it. Information lists on famous composers, artists, and time periods concerning both throughout history! And guess who hasn't had time to gather that kind of pertinent information yet? Yep, right again. ME! Can you say 'divine intervention'? You truly don't know what a blessing being able to review this planner has been to me. I honestly mean that with all my heart. Oh, and remember how I mentioned above that I've always wanted to do a study on clouds? You're never going to believe this, but I just discovered that there is also a 'Cloud Types' article included in the planner! That was totally unplanned on my part. I really HAVE wanted the kids and I to learn about all the different types of clouds and what they mean. Me and this planner? Meant to be.
The force is due to lose just under 20 per cent of its personnel by 2015 as part of the government’s austerity drive.
Grace Abounding is a classic Christian work which has long been available in the public domain via Project Guttenberg and similar sources. Logos has converted the text for use on their Logos platform and added a brief introduction to the work.
Here's their explanation for this gross campaign:
The 140-second trailer also features a mid-air plane heist by Bane, Wayne and Kyle dancing, sinking football field, Bane’s henchmen holding up a stock exchange, Gotham citizens witnessing two bridges blown, Wayne locking lips and more….actually much more than that!
“You don’t have to be Shakira. Just take my lead and move, okay?”
Meanwhile, I’m starting to realize I have a lot of really nice pictures sitting on my camera. And I want to get to them. But I won’t allow myself to get to those until I deal with the ones on my computer. I got a few batches sorted through this weekend. I hope to have it finished by the end of the week. And then we’ll see if Picture Sunday comes back at all. It might or it might not. It’s a lot of work.
Nassau Coliseum is always a great place to see a show. There is so much elevation between rows that you never have to worry about seeing over people's heads-- there's always a good view. And in the case of the children's shows here, they don't take up the whole Coliseum. Maybe a third of the place. The only complaint I heard about the venue is that it was absolutely freezing.
Number of books I’ve read today: 0 (Friday was a slow reading day. Only managed 130 pages--about half the current book)
Note: For better or worse, noddies can give emotional cues to the viewer. For example, if a guest is reciting some facts and figures, a shot of the interviewer looking shocked suggests to the audience that these figures warrant a strong reaction.
And the one final picture that I just thought turned out pretty, and shows off my dish washing liquid. I made that while everything was drying. It just seemed like the fun thing to do ….. and something a little different than just the house.
Imagine for a moment if you will that you are lying on your back on top of a stack of hay. You are being pushed head first towards the edge and there is a sheer drop of twelve or more feet to the next stack of hay bales. No amount of trying will keep your brothers from pushing you over the edge. There is a moment of sheer terror as you fall but then you manage to turn in order to land on your feet.
And that’s just ONE of the many, many conversations that all pretty much say the same thing. I love YOU. And at the same time, messages sent to me that said, No baby, I love YOU. And oh yeah. Telling her that he was celibate from the time I moved to Texas last year until he slept with her in, well, even that I don’t know now. I’m pretty sure they were doing the dirty deed well before November, thus her reason for being so angry that he was with me during my dad’s dying. And that just disgusts me beyond anything. How could he sit there next to me when my dad took his last breath, my DAD who told him he better take care of me? How could he SIT there knowing what he was doing to his daughter?? And how could he use it as a SYMPATHY card when trying to cover up his ass with her?? Because he’s a DOG. A dirty dog dick, triple D threat. And he better be watching his ass, because I’m sure my dad is pissed off enough to come back from the grave and bury him in his place. Never mind that my father was cremated. He’ll make it happen.
I exercised and so on, but it seems still not be enough to get me down at least a pound. My scale would go up and down every other day between 76.3 kg (167.9 lbs) to 75.8 kg. But never less that that! By Saturday I was so discouraged.
Do not fret. I'm going to find out ASAP how you too can achieve this kitchen look.
-bike from coast to coast across America
Trousers: Superfine
OK, now that we have some fresh cards in from a couple of sources, we'll get a few posts in...
Our country's God! Our God's country!
Police Commander Aharon Franco told reporters that security forces were streaming into the area to search for the hiker, who has been missing for three hours.
Brown's
…is that, it can fly like a bit of second… (Yeah that quick when we’re together);
...Then, completely calm and unfazed, he took my arm and gracefully led me down the aisle. It made me think of all the times my dad has helped me and been my hero during my childhood and adult life, and it made me tear up (again).
R - Hooray! Now I am at the helm of my very own star ship!
13. Time (05:44)
Boulevard Brewing Co. Nutcracker Ale
It seemed that everyone that worked
There are estimated 90 million old people in India.
Push the circle inside the crown, put a thin strip of glue around the bottom rim of the crown (inside), and pull the circle down to the bottom.
other people and that's how *they* may perceive it, because they couldn't WAIT
We love you all. Please pause a moment and reflect on Thursday; offer a prayer of thanks for where you are, and whether you’re in the midst of the flurry of meal preparation, the busy holiday roadways, or the excitement of the games on TV, it will become clear to you what really matters.
Rating: ****
There are obviously lots more details about the varying costs of weddings, and how ridiculous it all seems sometimes. But I would love to hear your thoughts, have you planned a wedding, are you currently planning one? How do you feel about the costs all adding up? What is your view on the costs of weddings, wherever you may be?
And sure enough, there was Sausage Tropicana (page 23 under Sunny dinners) screaming out to be made.
Within hours, Army Major General Suharto took command of a substantial part of Sukarno’s power base. Sukarno’s power continued to wane. A year and a half later, on 12 March 1967, Sukarno was stripped of whatever remained of his power by Indonesia’s provisional Parliament, and placed under house arrest. Suharto became President.
Which one of those songs is the national anthem?
An exciting new opportunity for young Irish writers!
We were finally all healthy enough to complete our full Thursday schedule! It went really well! Everyone had fun at piano lessons. Then we had to stop by a friend's house to drop off lots of stuff to sell at a garage sale to help fund their adoption.
Bill Cosby – Karate (Hi-Yah!)
Darrell L. Bock
This is the "Favorite Things" Tag. I have too many favorite things. So I'll just share the first things that come to my mind.
Seeking MILABs out there who may have gone through Project Tickle, the use of “tickle torture” for programming…
Women do get weary,
Last summer, I had this major craving for fish tacos while I was at work. Ever since I had them in San Diego in 2009, I can’t get them out of my head. But I didn’t know where to get one in Toronto. I ended up searching chowhound and came across this discussion on fish sandwiches in Toronto. It’s called The Fish Store and it’s located by Grace and College. It sells fresh fish as well as hot foods including grilled fish sandwiches, burritos, chowder, salads and brown rice platters. I realized that I had passed by this place many times before in the summer. It’s hard not to notice the big “Fresh Grilled Fish Sandwiches” banner, the bright blue paint and the glass doors.
I do have some good news to report from the home front... After nine long months, I finally have my car back, because I live n a semi-rural area which has no public transportation or affordable taxi service, being stranded at home during the day had been a genuine hardship beyond mere inconvenience. I can now get to appointments for myself & the kids, and can finally stop having panic attacks over being unable get out of the house to transport my young children to or from anyplace should the need arise while husband is at work. In other good news, my special little guy, The Boy Resister, has finally graduated out of diapers and into pullups! He is also talking more than ever and becoming better socialized now that the world has opened back up to him and I can take him places where people are during the day. He's not using the potty yet, but getting out of diapers is a big step in the right direction, he is getting to be more of a 'big boy' every day and it is a joy to watch him grow. But pullups cost more than diapers, so kindly hit the tip jar if you can, please. The Little Girl Resister continues to impress me with her sweet kind nature and brilliant young mind, she is also continuously making more art work, and I'll share some of them in future posts. She has a birthday coming up shortly after Christmas, and I'm sure she'd appreciate it if you hit the tip jar so her mom can get her some cool presents and maybe even finally be able to provide her with a little birthday party, which she really really wants now that she's been to parties for her little friends - she is such a good kid that it makes me sad sometimes when I can't do some of the nice things for her that I'd like to do.
The beauty and grace in the situation of mom’s “going crazy and having to be hospitalized,” has been a tremendous opportunity for me to work on healing. At the same time, I keep having to remind myself that we each have our own path in life, with our own lessons to learn, and I can’t learn Mom’s lessons for her. I can see that she is a catalyst for my growth.
Anyway, the latest show heading off into that “great beyond” is the USA Network’s
The monkey bars were hard with my shoulders. The water was cold lol
This cartel has a striking similarity to the network of university economists set up by Big Tobacco in a money for hire scheme from 1983 to the mid 90s to blanket Congress and the media with bogus OpEds and research papers.
After I converted the image to black and white in camera raw I did many adjustments. I have been doing it for so long it’s hard to even think about the steps involved but I can go over some concepts here. One thing you want to make sure you do when turning a picture into black in white is to not just simply turn the saturation down. When you set the image to b&w (black and white) you will get a different color space for the image that can help you get more details out of the shot. Also under the b&w setting you can adjust each individual color to affect the black and white final image. For instance if you turned down the red after converting it those colors that were red in the color version get darker in the b&w. Understand?
Here's what Wikipedia says as a reminder:
and who could turn away this sweet little girl
It’s only because they are taking photos, nothing else. And there are so many of such people there. Sighs. Pretty scary alright.
For to them we owe much.
Another Simplicity 2591! I do think this is my last one of Me Made May, though. I made this one from a vintage curtain I bought at a fair, and I blogged about it here when I made it last year. I haven't worn it for a while and I was really pleased with it when I put it on this morning - it's really well made! I'm standing a bit weirdly here because my friend SJ was taking these photos in the stairwell at work and I felt a bit awkward, but it's a really good fit. I love the fabric. It's SO LOUD. It seems like pretty much everything handmade in my wardrobe is made in some sort of novelty print, but I can live with that. The only thing for it was to wear it with equally loud Irregular Choice shoes, of course.
The movie is a collaboration between director Robert Rodriguez and writer Quentin Tarantino. I have mixed feelings about Rodriguez as a filmmaker. He runs hot and cold for me. But Tarantino’s contributions, save for his acting, are classic Tarantino. The cynical sensibilities, the crisp, rapid dialogue, and excessive violence are all present. Why his turn as the psychotic Richie Gecko is so lacking is anyone’s guess, but he is the worst character in the film.
As the democratic South Africa (and Iraq) amply demonstrates, political rights don’t secure the natural rights to life, liberty, property, and the pursuit of happiness; ink-stained fingers don’t inoculate against blood stains. Extant societal structures that safeguard life and property can always be improved upon. But once these bulwarks against mob rule and mayhem disintegrate, they are seldom restored. A civilized society, ultimately, is one in which the individual can go about the business of life unmolested. If he can’t do that simple thing, of what value is the vote?
Quick Banana Bread
None I guess. There is just not as much going on over here. Not as many live shows going on, so the bands here are not as well practised as bands from other countries. When bands come over here to play, they are much more tighter than Icelandic bands are. So we should do more practising.
Justin Velez-Hagan is the National Executive Director for The National Puerto Rican Chamber of Commerce. Having earned his MBA from the W.P. Carey School of Business at Arizona State University, he has started several small businesses and is currently an international developer within the assisted living industry.
My cousin - your, um....first cousin once removed - babysits you on Mondays and Tuesdays when I work. What about the other three days? There ARE NO OTHER THREE DAYS! Yes, that's right, I have joined the ranks of the measly hourly employees. I stepped down from my management position and started working just two days a week for 16 hours a week. On the one hand, no more office. On the other hand, jeans to work! On the first hand, no more working crazy hours! On the second hand, no more money. On the one hand, the hourly job can get repetitive. On the other hand, no more being responsible for other people! On the one hand....YOU, Carys. And there's really no other hand to that. Just Carys. Getting to spend so much more time with you is a huge blessing and I'm so lucky we can do that at this point in our lives. Samar loves watching you (though I don't think she loves getting up at 8am) and I hope you guys have the same kind of special bond that Samar and I had - and still have to this day. You should hear her talk to you or about you - her voice goes up about five octaves to a barely audible squeal. She definitely is head over heels for you, and it's so nice to have someone who loves you so much babysit you. She takes pictures like the one below and sends them to us or posts them on Facebook. Your dad looks forward to them so much!
The line up included Santigold, Janelle Monae, Cee-Lo and FISHBONE during a rare NYC concert appearance! Plus skaters, Bmxers, vendors of food, gear and culture in all directions, what could be bigger than that? Possibly a hurricane.
Any kind of vinagrette. Aside from a Greek salad, I deplore creamy dressings.
One way I like to think about beer favourites is to imagine it this way:
62, rue d'Orsel
The fountains are still damaged from last year's flood.
I looked down. The boy’s long fingers were wrapped around my wrist like a cuff. His fevered touch felt hotter than human standards, hot enough to make me sweat like I was standing beside a radiator but not hot enough to burn.
Dedicated to the more than 10,000 women under the age of 40 who will be diagnosed this year alone, The SCAR Project is an exercise in awareness, hope, reflection and healing. The mission is three-fold: Raise public consciousness of early-onset breast cancer, raise funds for breast cancer research/outreach programs and help young survivors see their scars, faces, figures and experiences through a new, honest and ultimately empowering lens.
"Well, whoopee, I said rather cautiously. If it's true. But I'll have to see the detail before I dance a jig and open the champagne". How right I was to be a cynic. Because behind that happy headline lay an untold story.
We had no intention of running a shop.
A while back my dad was recounting an incident that happened when he was a police chaplain in Phoenix. He was on a ride-along when a report came in that there was a reckless, speeding car in a certain vicinity. They drove around and didn’t find it; however, they came upon a man and woman standing alongside the road in front of their house. Daddy recognized the woman as she had visited his church, and they stopped to inquire about the speeding car. The couple replied that they had not seen it, so the police man drove away, resuming his search. The car was never located. However, it was later revealed that the man and woman they questioned, had called the police and were outside waiting for them. Oops. They had been so focused on one problem, that they missed the most obvious need of the moment.
From my POV I have been gradually receding from public life since 1999(is this acrophobia) and therefore am not in this current that flows through many peoples lives to give them ideas; what have I left to pluck narrative from? I am also not one to invent either as I can’t think that far ahead and usually anything I imagine sounds empty and untrue when I read it back.
it’s about a pure and innocent girl named Meguru who went to school at an all girls school but now is starting her high school life at a co-ed school. Her parents have been overseas for the last eight years so her older brother practically raised her and developed a sister complex. Then Meguru meets her classmate named Yuuma who immediately falls in love with her and it just follows her crazy life as her brother and Yuuma try to win her over.
Contestant : My Nan’s Cardigan
42 Fun, Fun, Fun
In the final building stages, many days after the larvae has been safely encased, the parents “de-husk,” ripping their chitinous exoskeletons from each other and joining them at the thorax with dirt and dew. This last act seals their fate, attracting avian predators to the scene. Although the parents will die, it is with the knowledge that these same birds will commonly return to their nest with the churro, using it to construct their nest. In 21 years, the clothes line bug egg sac matures, with the newly-born insects often consuming the same family of birds that ate its parents!
The story is in two parts, and you'll want to pay close attention to the pivotal role of pork belly in the narrative.
Today marks day THREE of our exciting MAY PREVIEWS which will continue into next week!
Book Rating: 3/5
Portraits of Success: Candid Conversations with 60 Over-Achievers by Burt Prelutsky ($25.95, WND Books) is a delightful way to learn about many people whose names have been in the news for a long time as a result of their talents, skills, intelligence, and courage. Among those on whom the author shines his spotlight are syndicated columnist Charles Krauthammer, actor-director Carl Reiner, Joseph Wambaugh, singer Pat Boone and pollster John Zogby. This is a wonderful collection of short, entertaining, and insightful question-and-answer sessions in which these and others talked candidly with long time Hollywood writer and columnist, Burt Prelutsky. It doesn’t matter where you open the book, you will learn about actors, singers, ambassadors, authors, some departed, but most still on the scene, discovering surprising things about these remarkable, inspiring people. I heartily recommend this eclectic reading experience.
The lengthy Spiegel article that accompanies the photographs contains new details about the sadistic behaviour of the men.
I am looking forwards to what you were,
First, we told each other what we already knew about magnets, and I wrote that down. Then I sent the kids on a scavenger hunt to find household items, and we tested them with our magnets, which taught us even more about magnetism and what magnets do and do not attract.
However, the problem with trying to look cool, for example, takes us back to those dilemmas from our teens. Cool people seem to be effortlessly cool. People trying to be cool are inherently un-cool. So how do you make yourself look cool without looking like you’re trying to make yourself look cool? The risk of ridicule if you get it wrong is gut-knotting.
Di
People with Prader-Willi Syndrome can be prone to skin-picking, but in my little girl's case, fiddling with and feeling the string and the metal clasp of the whistle with her fingers seemed to negate the urge to pick.
...........Target weight 9st 2lb. Today, 9st 3lb. One back on, lol.
But lately we are so tired! We moved house at Christmas and since then we just have not stopped and life can sometimes feel like its moving a million miles an hour. When we do find time to sit down together it's usually in an exhausted stupor! At some point we wish to return to 'normal scheduled programming' but what with an uncomfortable pelvis, limited movement and a never ending virus the Husband has decided to bring date night to the house tonight. I'm intrigued to how we'll handle this with a two year old in the mix waiting to wake up at any second during our evening but nonetheless I'm secretly quite pleased with the effort to get some normality back to our lives and the thoughtfulness seeing as I can't move very far!
There’s misunderstandings all over the place here – I leave it to my good friend Matt to summarise my feelings…
Some popular financial advisors and authors of books on parenting advise not to give an allowance but rather to pay for chores performed. One argument in favor of this approach says that this method prepares children for the working world by teaching them that money must be earned. No work, no money. Less work, less money. More work, more money.
So this morning when I logged onto my Mozilla Firefox browser, like I do everyday...
8. Lack Of Sleep
Over 13 million American kids will be bullied this year, making it the most common form of violence experienced by young people in the nation. The new documentary film BULLY, directed by Sundance and Emmy-award winning filmmaker Lee Hirsch, brings human scale to this startling statistic, offering an intimate, unflinching look at how bullying has touched five kids and their families.
Emma is actually doing fairly well at this point. She is crying and upset, but she is cooperating and keeping her cool. The ice pop seemed to help with the pain. As gross as it sounds, she was swallowing most of the blood, so there wasn't as much to see. Seeing the blood is what made her the most upset.
“That door opens one way or another. Either we try to save these guys or you let them die. Choose.”
internet speed in my room is
Despite my readiness for something special it turned out to be disappointingly normal day. I got a late start. I drank too much coffee. I ate potato chips and regretted it. I took a long nap. I spent way too much time emailing my friends. I read some bad historical fiction (and I mean bad). It was hot outside. I got sweaty just watering my flowers and my tomato plants. I got extra sweaty during my walk.
Challenges begin on
Defending my dissertation, booyah! (You didn't think I'd be sick of saying that by now, did you?)...
Let’s get to the jazz. I just got back from Guy Faulkes bonfire (the guy who tried to destroy the Parliament) so we get there. There is a bonfire, and what do you think, people playing full-contact rugby. Very fun. Then a real fireworks show, not some douchey anti-bulling assembly. No offense to the Montclair PTA.
So that, dear readers, is your story for the day - the little hen and the big bad snake. A happy ending (apart from the loss of 3 hens and one little chicken). Little Banty (the one in the photo is still doing fine) is waiting for some more eggs to hatch).
drwxr-xr-x 5 root root 96 Oct 11 13:14 VRTSobgui
People of color make up 40 percent of bloggers, but only 26 percent of Internet users. According to the Pew Internet & American Life Project's "Blogger" report, which was based on findings from their February through April 2006 tracking surveys, 11 percent of bloggers are Black, 19 percent are English-speaking Hispanic and 10 percent are some other race or ethnicity.
The jury’s decisions are final and can not be appealed.
Puzzle Muteson — Will You Love Me Tomorrow
We are so excited to present the Mother Load Mother's Day Giveaway Event where ONE mom will take home the whole shabang!
(October 9, 2010) The average Afghan, and, indeed, the average American, may be deriving very little benefit from the United States' continued occupation of Afghanistan and the billions of U.S. taxpayer dollars that continue to be poured into that country, but in both countries the well-connected make out quite handsomely.
2. Is this your first readathon?
And this is really at the center of it all, these feelings and emotions, like love, that we all store in our heart. There are so many quotes that I have collected over the last few months since Mikayla's death that mention the heart. I want to share them with you today.
sailed home to Bagdad after a diplomatic
This is AFRICA, this is NOT the old Republic of South Africa, get it?
Gardening without digging and weeding sounds a bit unlikely. A bit like smoking without inhaling, you wonder what else there is? But with a little planning you can make your gardening life easier, avoiding that back breaking digging and tedious weeding. I'm all in favour of spending less garden time digging and weeding and more in the deck chair. If I had a deck chair that is.
Kenneth W: How has been a hot nerd girl made your life better? How has it made it worse?
Not too long ago (about 20 years ago, when I was in my early 30’s), I can recall how certain people in my company used to speak, in whispering tones, about a secretive and powerful group of people that were controlling the world’s affairs behind the scenes. Accusations were rife back then that it was a worldwide conspiracy by the Jews to take over the world. The name “ILLUMINATI” would occasionally also be softly murmured, almost as if it were forbidden to speak its name.
"I had far worse discipline problems than ever I had in London".
Just like floral arrangements, outside landscapes need balance, proportion, scale, and depth. Ever wonder why those Better Home and Gardens landscapes look so great? Like any good design, they have layers.
I'm writing about men in prison this week, so my thoughts are rather grim. Usually I sink down into the story and try to feel what my character might have felt, a rather intuitive approach. And I've been told that my writing needs more sensory detail to create something called "deep point of view." This means that the reader is so pulled into the character through description that uses the five senses that the reader can't stop turning pages.
Pecks away.
I'm not saying there aren't times when it is hard and things are not quite so wonderful. It seems like all doom and gloom out there, with all the problems that libraries, librarians and school librarians are having with closures, no funding and job cuts, and the retail side of things being squashed until there are so few bookshops left; not to mention publishers and publishing contracts being even harder to come by.
Many of our clients get Motorist Observation Reports about failure to use turn signals. In some cases, it’s one of the Top Five behaviors consistently reported. Is this critical to crash rates? The 2011 study states;
I think I may be turning psycho..
Do it for royal doulton
new people that I wouldn't have known otherwise and gain friendships. Another thing is inspiring. A quote I love says, "Inspire & be inspired." That's my goal. It's worked. I get comments all the time saying what a lovely blog I have and how something I've posted or a photo has meant something special to the specific person. I've also gained alot of confidence since starting TBA. You have to be really brave to put yourself out there. It takes courage to know that you're opening up a part of yourself that people could easily try to bring down. But, for every bad comment you get, there's ten more great people there to help push you back up.
To anyone wanting to get into the music industry, I’d definitely say you need to have an open mind, be patient, determined and most of all have thick skin! As I said before, it’s a tough industry to be, and there’s so much competition out there and everyone’s trying to outdo each other. Being a 20 year old female, I have had some stick definitely, not just from lads, but from girls too! The journey is by NO MEANS easy, but having the above qualities, the right attitude and good contacts it will stand you in good stead for the future!
Mark Y. Gilles, 33, New York, N.Y.
I'm having a birthday! And, so is Occasionally Crafty! I was born 30 something years ago this month, and this lovely little blog was born 2 years ago! I'm happy to celebrate, and I hope you'll celebrate with me! Please grab this button to share the news with your readers, or share it on Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Pinterest, or wherever you network.
He emphasised that Singaporeans should not read the resolution as a vote against the Yale-NUS liberal arts college, which is preparing to open next year and has begun recruiting faculty and students.
Consider this, Mutual Funds have a collective value today of $813 Billion versus the $58 Billion from above for ETF’s.
Here's my review ... with some comments on layout and design, multimedia, and that crucial element, the actual content; then some final thoughts.
Last time I asked you guys something like this I was going to stop coloring my hair.
Eh pack, wall street, and Zionists.
So, despite the fact that I keep doing my hair and make up (everyone keeps commenting how much I don’t look like I have mono) so I can fake it till I make it (which really makes almost no sense in this situation but it feels better to actually get ready in the morning despite the fact that I feel awful), I indulged myself and wore the simplest, least stylish outfit ever on the blog (also, this is my mono sucks face).
As yet no one has asked why I’m upset so I thought I’d share my distress with you all.
But here we are (scarily) six decades on, dear reader, and I have re-discovered a particular favourite from that era! Of course I never remembered its name at the time but on watching it again, the dim and distant memories started seeping back...
The dongles’ here to stay
Well, to begin with I must attest to the fact that I like sex---I don't mind if I read about it---I understand that the world would not be as populated without it---but, in a book of 900 + pages, many trees would have been saved, at least 100 pages could have been saved, if the redundancy had been cut out. OK, we get it--the clergy both male and female were not true to their vows! The nobility were able to abuse their serfs and did frequently. Yes, men lusted after women, and women after men...That's how we keep the earth populated despite wars, plagues and other natural disasters. But sometime enough is enough.
The topic of media presence is huge--much too big to be covered in a short blog post. There are many books on the topic. If you are about to embark on a media campaign or have found your past efforts to be unsuccessful, read up on the topic. There are also some excellent blogs and websites devoted to this topic. Do the research and talk to people who have experience, but most of all get out there and do something.
were automatically "cousins"!
Resisting the historical and continuing iinjustice against the Palestinian people requires us to raise the struggle of the working class and its historical perseverence as an avenue to raise its influence in national decision-making, something that would not be possible without the struggle of working class Palestinians for democracy and social rights.
But he ate 3 pieces of pizza for dinner and was running around fine and hasn't had a fever at all. . .
Doves flying in the distance
Today I want to share another layout created for The Papercraft Hub. This image of Liam has been sitting on my desk for some time. I guess I've just been waiting for the right kind of inspiration to scrap it! LOL! So with ANZAC day recently past, I decided it was time to document the story...
Pampers Wipes 60 ct+ $0.50/1
One of the most simple examples is people that has convinced themselves that “only bad things happen to them.” Why? Because their story emphasizes the bad or difficult events in their life and plays down or ignores the good things. They can tell tale after tale of “bad things” and then add up those examples to say that they aren’t supposed to be happy. One style of therapy refers to creation of a story that overemphasizes negative events as a “problem-saturated story.”
I will be brief today as I lost most of last week to a mega-migraine, so I'm behind on the film editing deadline and Handy Husband had to look after me and our paying guests all weekend. (He's very handy at that too. Love him for that).
and with ERP of
There were many things that were said in the heat of the moment on elections night as seat after seat fell safely into the Opposition’s hands exceeding the wildest wild dreams of even Jack Warner. I don’t remember who said what and what was real and what was a dream but I recall the crowd at Reinzi Complex making the Do-So sign as Percy Villafana briefly addressed them. Somebody said they beat them in the East, they beat them in the West…you know the rest. The PNM ship is now in dry-dock and a court-martial and even a flogging is due soon and few will disagree with what Crazy sang every night for this election season – Patrick Manning have to goe.
Yesterday I reviewed Hunger Games the books which I devoured over Spring Break. I promised to review the movie which I went to watch Sunday April 15 with my oldest daughter. K went to the midnight premier of the movie a few weeks ago, but she was willing to humor her old mom and go with me to see it. Let me just say right off the bat the movie was close to the plot line which is quite unusual in my opinion when a book is made into the movie; yet, the movie was sorely lacking.
Runner up
The following reader comments were posted on the above online story:
First, because a friend posted the link to one of the stories and asked what her followers opinions on it were.
because there are two people
My first sample didn't go well. I went through the entire project right down to the very last step. As soon as I turned it right side out, I realized something was VERY wrong. Yes, somewhere around the middle of the new Black Keys album, I had sewn the handles on not only backwards, but upside down. Genius. I was convinced that this was most certainly a problem in the pattern. I went back to the instructions and took another look....oh, okay, right, I did do that wrong. After ripping out the handles and putting them in the "right" way, I turned it right side out again, umm, nope, while they aren't upside anymore, one is still backwards. Ugh. One more rip and all is good.
The man notices I don’t follow and turns back to me. Already I can see the signs; his muscles are tensed and his stance is strong. He is not afraid to use force if he has to.
Rule #1 for staying alive in traffic is Assume everyone around you is a complete idiot and will not hesitate to cut across 4 lanes of bike traffic without even looking . Assume that everyone is capable of stopping right in front of you in the middle of the bike with no indication and will then sit there and block everyone for no reason at anytime.
The view was much better – we could see the whole track and the center-ice prep area, and had plenty of space to observe and admire the skating fans’ outfits. I’m not sure how the guy in the windmill shirt sneaked in, actually, without getting laughed out of town – almost everyone else wears bright colors, crazy hats, and ORANGE. Either that, or jail-break costumes….
Read this on Sheep Thrills Yarn's blog and loved it...thought I would share it with you here as it's a good way to start the new year...
Morning Folks
-TNA Founder Jeff Jarrett
Alabama: 198
My project that I'm starting to absolutely hate is supposed to fill the space above these pallet shelves. I'm not sure that I'll leave magazines in the shelves, or if I'll make something else (I've got ideas!!) to go in there. I like it for now though! Now, if my final project for this wall could just fix and finish itself... In the meantime, I'm linking up to these fun parties...go check them out!
Then a stranger arrives and tells the twins that Simon is a Storm Maker -- part of a clandestine group of people entrusted with controlling and taming the weather -- and that he is in great danger. Soon Simon and Ruby must race against the clock as they try to master Simon's powers in time to stop a rogue Storm Maker's treacherous -- and potentially deadly -- plans.
Living human beings are so pitiable…
Freedom to nap, drink cocoa.
The hurt and wounded I pacify with soothing hand,
Botha and Botha's advisers feared that Hindon was a facilitator for the rebels. This suspicion was more an expression of the paranoia of a besieged government than a reality as Jack Hindon by the time he received Botha's letter was blind, paralyzed and in extreme pain. The only functional organ in his body was his brain which remained alert, incisive, and master of its owner.
The following year most major cities around the world followed suit and now Earth Hour is a world-wide annual event in which all lights (except those that are absolutely necessary) are turned off from 8:30 – 9:30PM on the last Saturday in March.
The problem is, the savings I’m talking about is actually my retirement savings.
I'm sure many of you are tired of hearing about The Hunger Games, but tough patooties. We (Charlie and I and a few friends) finally got around to seeing it, so here's another round of it!
Other people are starting to shout. I am receiving encouraging comments to carry on shouting.
I imagine that Elizabeth had the same reaction as I did: what sick-and-twisted master of the universe decided to put this goofball mooning over me all day in each of my classes? I'd file a restraining order if I could.
They look so yummy in that picture! I had them for lunch today and they were quite delicious. I brought two with me and could only get through one and a half before I had to stop. Below are the ingredients and the process for making these yummy things:
FURTHER RECOMMENDED STUDY
Tom Woolgrove, managing director of Direct Line, which still has a dominant position in the home insurance market, said the firm has been working with the ABI in an attempt to influence the Government regarding the provision of a sustainable national plan for flood prevention.
Fortunately, there’s only so far you get with a first name.
Anyhow, what I want to talk about are clothes itself and what I actually saw on the shelf in a store awhile back.
the fort had been built at a river crossing point on Hadrians wall, they picked some good places didn't they, well at least when the sun is shining...
As spring has sprung here in North Texas I've been a busy bee with lots of things that are not related to posting on the blog and as a result postings here have been few and far between. As such, today 's post deals with a fun two days I spent with my sixth grade students on our annual sixth grade campout at a ranch in the piney woods of east Texas.
By “scientifically” I mean “based on my own very special criteria that varies by the day, and generally boils down to my personal taste.”, but I realize that my just saying so doesn’t make for a good read, so here’s my thought process..
If you thought the suggestion that you should get your shirts pressed on hubby's account was offensive then cop your Vogue-weary eyeballs on these beauties from the article "Magic Touch" on female entrepreneurs investing in fashion. If you think this is about celebrating self made career women then these come with a health warning: high blood pressure may result.
After spending Thanksgiving day with my family in Kentucky preparing food, eating food, napping after food, and good conversation and games, Jeff and I set out for Florida to spend the weekend visiting his family and friends in the Tampa area.
You also found out that this candidate is very compatible with your business and will be comfortable selling your stuff right from the “get-go” to the ramp up time to success will be much shorter than most.
stuff, or actually spending
And you can see all my stupid bravery and cowardice in action at The Rumpus, where I picked a fight with Rick Moody when he wrote about Bella Santorum and with other commentators when they argued, among other things, that Santorum (and people like him, I presume) have no right to pursue their own interests and their own careers--their duty is to care for their disabled children, period, having made, I presume their "choice." But I mention this because I do feel I perhaps misunderstood and misjudged what Moody was trying to say, even though I can't quite sort it out. In the end, I do think he was trying to argue that Bella should be left out of it, loved, and left alone. You can judge me if you like. Undoubtedly, I deserve it.
-gold necklace
There’s such a blizzard of misinformation out there that it’s hard to pick any one thing to single out, but David Frum picks up on one bit from the Paul/Paul show: the remarkable way many on the right now portray the postwar years of prosperity as a triumph of libertarian principles.
The Gospel was the truth. Jesus was the Christ, the promised Messiah of Israel. Jesus was the Savior of the world. Jesus was the very Son of God.
A Flintstone Christmas ... ABC Family ... 12 AM
This was how I had hoped to start our writing celebration on Friday but somehow I forgot to open with the jokes and got right down to business.
Where is our evidence that the New Testament is also God-breathed?
You know, folks, the history books are full of people who overcame a handicap to go on and make a success of themselves, but Jesse is one of the few I know of who didn't overcome it. Instead he used his paranoia to make a million dollars, and become one of the best-loved characters of all time in doing it!
Obama, meanwhile, made a campaign stop at the University of North Carolina Tuesday before appearing at the school with another SAL alum, Jimmy Fallon, for a taping of his late night show.
