Also? Being pregnant is starting to really hurt. Like, everywhere. Everything hurts. My stomach feels too heavy, I can't breathe, and my feet are swollen.
It’s called Entropic Repulsions, and is a few tweaks away from an acceptable technical diagram on entropic repulsion. It’s also quite small, around 5×7 inches. Purchase the original through Art Venue, or a giclee through Fine Art America
It wouldn't matter if you lived in a humpy, a caravan or a mansion. It needs to be tidied. How often and how thoroughly we do it and how we manage to do that during the course of the day and the week, is the question.
Because it hadn’t forgotten its roots as a seed in the mud, it stood there in all its glory. It had become the mighty oak tree.
1983 John Smith’s Fox Hunters’ Chase at Aintree on Atha Cliath when the also-rans were partnered by the likes of Robert Waley-Cohen and Aintree chairman Lord Daresbury, before taking out a training licence in 1988 and is now the country’s pre-eminent jump handler. As a jockey in the John Smith’s Grand National, his rides included The Ladys Master, who ran out in 1983, and Hazy Dawn, who fell at the sixth the following year. He hails from one of Ireland’s most famous racing families, being a son of the late Paddy Mullins, the outstanding all-round trainer whose most famous star was Dawn Run, winner of the 1984 Champion Hurdle and 1986 Cheltenham Gold Cup. Willie Mullins rode and trained Wither Or Which to win the
-unwillingness to solve problems
Any ideas about fundraising? So far, I have a list of
Or has it?
8) Remember that Forever 21 allows returns for store credit or exchange, not for full refunds. I believe accessories and jewelry are final sale.
That’s one for the bureaucrats to ponder over, but it probably won’t happen, after all most of them couldn’t pass it, and they all like their little trips at our expense.
The Enfanti Line offers such nice features which is one thing I was really happy with during my review on my products. I had the chance to review the Bioken Enfanti Natural Remedy Color Care Shampoo and Conditioner. This offered features such as anti-aging, anti-biotic, sulfate free, nano technology, prefect color retention, free of paraben & dea & alcohol, and full of vitamins. Which my hair was really needing some of these features really bad to bring it back to life especially before the beach. Where I dye my hair here are the house it sometimes don't seem as healthy when I would go too the salon and do it but I am trying to cut back on things I can do at the house. So, having something that can help with my color is a huge plus for me.
How do I do this? Part of it is spreading the word. The accessible lunchtime schedule of the Intercontinental Ballistic Reading Group led to an influx of new members, guys that couldn’t or wouldn’t come in the evening, but loved having somewhere to go during lunch. My guys get rewards for recruiting new members to the main club. We invited every student in our school that had read or checked out Origami Yoda to our Skype with Tom Angleberger. We put jokes above the urinals in the boys’ restroom. We’re a little nerdy. We’re not necessarily the most popular kids. But we don’t care. We’re cool because we read and we read because we’re cool. I challenge anyone to join us and not have fun.
Green Goodness Smoothie
Guinness 250 Anniversary Stout ("250" henceforth) is a variation on at theme. It's slightly more alcoholic (fiver percent versus 4.2), slightly fuller of body, and slightly "fizzier." From the brewer's mouth:
I cannot begin to express how unbelievably sad I am these days. I do not want to do a damn thing. I will likely need medication before all of this is over. I'm worried about my oldest daughter and her husband having to deal with losing a child. I'm worried about my youngest daughter. She is saying and doing things that show she is beginning to put the puzzle pieces together -- and doesn't really want those that she loves out of her sight because they might not come back (those are my words, our observations). I'm also worried about my parents and my one true love. Somewhere in there, is me. I should've been bringing home a new baby this week, instead I buried my granddaughter.
Turns out I'm a fucking pussy, man. I was sniveling like a little bitch when he was done.
In the film “Scrooge” with Albert Finney and Alec Guiness, there is a scene where Jacob Marley takes Scrooge by the hand and they fly into air. here Scrooge see,s lost souls of hell flying around in hideous pain.
Today I set out for another lunch run with my friend Jennie in -20C weather! It actually wasn't too bad once we got going, and the frozen river and trees were gorgeous! It also helped we had the pathway to ourselves and felt super hardcore. Even though I felt like we were moving at a snail's pace, we actually clipped along at 6:45 - 7:00 per km, which is on the fast side for me!
Bernardine Dohrn has a history with the Justice Department. More specifically, in the early 1970s, she was one of the FBI’s most wanted fugitives because of her actions with the Weather Underground, a violent radical organization.
A bunny is the bestest pet.
I did not take photos of the process, I am leaving that up to Ree...so if YOU want to add this to your arsenal of Christmas/everyday homemade goodies then take a look at her site for the recipe and the how to. (if you haven't already!) You will NOT be dissappointed.
On the same day, which was Sunday, some women who were Jesus’ friends went to the tomb. They brought spices to put on Jesus’ body. This was something people at that time did to show love and respect for the person who had died.
destroying the rose and putting paid to
Let me tell you, I had never had so much caffeine in my life as I had in the last month. I got a Starbucks Caramel Macchiato nearly everyday. I got a sweet tea with my lunch from Chick-fil-a nearly everyday. I did everything a trying-to-have-a-baby person should not do. I ran two miles three times a week. I cleaned 2 houses a day with toxic chemicals. I ate a bunch of crap with almost no nutritional value. I stretched in weird ways and was in awkward positions cleaning baseboards most of the day. And, it was FUN.
She never made it.
May 28 Edmonton, AB Rexall Place
b.) at 11:11
a Supreme Being is only a need to give
Mr. Obama has surpassed his predecessors in both categories; as of Nov. 17, he attended 54 events in 11 battleground states over 42 days. "Obama has certainly ramped up the volume," said Mr. Doherty, author of a forthcoming book called "The Rise of the President's Permanent Campaign…"
01. Departuer In The Dark 12:43 Jun Fukamachi
My trip up and down the hill today was notable in that, for some reason, my legs were working particularly well. I didn't feel like I had exceptional power, but for the same usual effort I was minutes faster than what has been normal, even though I felt like I was going the same pace. A big part of that was that this morning's trail conditions were fairly tacky and fast after yesterday's warm temps (trail conditions were terrible most of the week because of the wind). At any rate, I managed a 32:25 ascent (to the tippy top) paired with a 14:32 descent (with no pause on top) for a 46:57 roundtrip from the Gregory parking lot. I was doing a fair amount of pussy-footing on the way down because there are starting to be some semi-treacherous icy sections, so I could see shaving maybe another minute off of this with just some sharper spikes and a more focused effort.
I got to my room and flopped on the bed only to hear that the tsunami alert had been called off.
This graph answers that question. Remember the first tax cut was passed in 2001, it was the “Bush Bucks” refund checks. It did not help much. The real tax cut in 2003 is the one that set long term rates and tax rules to help economic certainty is the one that made the difference.
What kind of a basis for civilization are feelings for heaven’s sake? Mental health professionals are constantly fighting an uphill battle trying to get people to stop building their personal lives around their damn feelings. Shouldn’t we have at least the same standard for, I don’t know, civilization? Is it any wonder, seeing that marriage is now more about a state blessing on the relationship that exists between two adults and not about society’s desire to help a man and a woman raise their children, that we have reached the point where so many western nations are headed down the road of ‘gay marriage’? It seems that, in a secular sense, marriage really has been castrated – it has been dissolved. In that sense, Christians – especially those with a vocation to the married life – now have a great opportunity to witness to the real purpose and nature of marriage. It also seems that the Catholic community can also use the current debates surrounding marriage to relearn some of the Church’s own teaching on this most important of human institutions.
It’s been a few days since I’ve written. There just hasn’t been time. I’m always trying to balance working out, time with Dean, studying, and blogging with my free time. I tend to fluctuate from one to the other in regards to what my primary focus is on. This week it’s been more studying and residency stuff, so the blogging was put on the backburner.
I think the idea of control has been helping me lately. You guys know that I’m a control freak and a perfectionist. I’m trying to work on the perfectionism by learning moderation (and so far I’m doing pretty well with that), but I’m actually using my control freak nature to win this battle of the bulge. Whenever I overeat that’s me being out of control, and I hate that feeling. So I told myself that from now on I’m going to control my actions. Which means that I take ownership of them if I do decide (because it’s a choice I’m making) to overindulge. Take this week as an example: I knew I was going out with friends on Tuesday, I looked at the menu online ahead of time to make a good dinner choice, then I also factored in having two Sangria Swirls. I had eaten well the rest of the day and went over my calories by less than 200, so I knew that a night out wouldn’t complete derail my progress. And it didn’t.
My dad was in charge of burgers and me sides.
But I hold steadfast to my belief and my life experience has given me ample evidence. Proof sits here beside me: Harvey Osgood. It is no secret that Harvey is not well liked by some, even shunned. Particularly by individuals who are like those who purport to dislike bitter greens but have not tasted them. But here is what I have learned.
So back to a recurring topic to see how one of my all time favourite breweries Marble are getting along since the departure of one Dominic Driscoll to Thornbridge last year. Dom's move did send a few ripples through the beer world with some bloggers even suggesting that Thornbridge might be becoming a bit of a brain drain, i very much doubt this but it was certainly interesting seeing a brewers move to a bigger brewery getting press. Mr Colin Stronge also moved on recently to Scotland's shining new hope - Black Isle, really one to watch as they're picking up a lot of business where the Brewdog bars are setting up and, from what I've heard, somewhat undercutting their wholesale accounts.
Brock Lesnar came out to reaffirm the GM’s words, but before he could get too far, WWE COO Triple H made his way to the ring as the crowd erupted. Triple H put his foot down and stated that Brock’s days of “holding up WWE” are through. The Game told Brock that no Superstar is bigger than WWE and that the contract demands he “bullied” out of Laurinaitis are null and void. According to Triple H, if Brock wanted to continue to compete in WWE, he would have to do so under the original terms of his contract – not under the terms he negotiated with the GM.
In 1958, on the initiative of Cyril Florenski, the Director of the Committee, the most important expedition ever undertaken in the Tunguska is mounted.
You can use the commercial Biryani pulav masala(1/4 tsp ) instead of Whole Garam masala if you wish to make it less spicy.
its gonna be sick.
Clothed with white garments, the new self, righteousness, and I am sure you could find more. What are these things? All of these are Christ. We must be clothed with Christ. He is our White Garments, our New Self, and our Righteousness.
jacket, Tailored in Vietnam
Round & Round
According a CHINADaily news report, China accepted 476,264 patent applications and 830,000 trademark applications in 2005, an all time high in the past 18 years.
Add the lentil, rice and fenugreek seeds to a bowl.
The adjacent Guinness Storehouse is Dublin's No. 1 tourist attraction. The converted brewing factory is a seven-story Guinness museum, the topmost of which is home to the Gravity Bar, where visitors can get a free pint of "the black stuff," as the dark Guinness stout is known.
But what I took from it was that God called on me to do something outside of my comfort zone, to step outside of my self. I know it seems like I'm great at talking in front of people, being confident, willing to do anything. But the things I do for and with my church family are very serious to me. This was a big step- to take something I've held as very intimate and personal, something that has been my own private mourning and grief- and share it with my church family. I was nervous. But there was a reason that I was asked and a reason why the emotion poured out. I may not know the reason- maybe it was for me, maybe it was for someone else.
I'm not entirely happy with how this project turned out, as I mentioned last post, I put a lot of thought into projects for the people I knit for. But what counts in the end is that they keep his hands warm in the moments when I am not there. I'll be sending these off to him tomorrow!
There is a theory, that the moon had somehow been captured by the earth's gravitational field is interesting, but still not satisfactory, that is if it is assumed that the moon is a "natural" object manuevered about by random gravitational processes. However, this theory is the most favored by scientists today. There are enormous objections to overcome in this last theory because of the extremely difficult celestial mechanics involved. The probability that the moon came from elswhere in the solar system outside the orbit of the earth is even more remote, if not totally impossible. This is because that as the moon aproaches the earth from outside earth orbit it would be gaining speed, and as it got near the earth, a braking maneuver would be required to put it into the orbit that it has. A braking manuever can only be accomplished with thrusting systems under intelligent control of some kind.
Call it M.A.X. (mega.awesome.xboxcontrol), yes instead of Siri call it max.
3 cups milk (any combination of evaporated, half and half, milk, heavy cream)
For His name’s sake.
Maternity clothes? Definitely! but I can still fit into my tank tops! Love those Jersey Old Navy Tank tops! Seriously they are the best!
The auction, by far, is the most popular form of outreach I perform in the office. There are nearly 4000 people on the mailing list who are informed of the auction a few days before items go up and I am certain people search the database whenever they hear about an auction to look and see if there is any unclaimed property my office is holding.
I want The Shine Project to change the world.
The third bread of the BBA Challenge is bagels. That just seems ridiculous doesn't it. I'm a new bread baker and an even newer yeast bread baker and I'm making bagels!
"How," I asked myself, "did a child of Shaker Heights ever come to this - burying a dead possum?"
Patrick McGeeney, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Spirit Acquisitions Inc., didn’t do anything to soften the metaphor, he doubled down on it. “We are proud to relaunch this legendary brand. Clyde May was a true American hero who risked the law in order to provide for his family. He had a reputation for honesty, integrity and producing the finest whiskey in the area. We intend to stay true to Mr. May’s values and bring his whiskey back to life.”
Gout is one of the most painful forms of acidic inflammation. It occurs when too much uric acid builds up in the body. Here’s a study that demonstrates how successfuly Hypnosis can be with this condition.
Fast forward to China...While we were at the civil affairs office on that first day, in the middle of everything, Gracie had to go to the bathroom. She was in panties and told the director that she had to go, but there was definitely something not quite right. Her stool was, and continued to be extremely runny and she had to go often. Also, when she said she had to go...she had to go NOW! Before we went to China, I had already decided that I would be taking her to Cincinnati Childrens to their colo-rectal center. It was the best decision we made. Before we got to Cincinnati we were able to deal with her need by learning her cues and also learning that any fiber in her diet (grapes, fruit, etc) made it worse. She loves those foods, but I had to limit them greatly. She wore panties mostly while awake and only had 1 accident at school. Honestly, if it never got better than that...we could handle that.
It seems that sales and delivery codes were either non-existent or long forgotten by those charged with ensuring the safe delivery of orders and not once, but twice, was the Plough invoice rejected and the beer returned to the store. Once the powers-that-be were convinced that both The Plough AND the Wizard Smith did, in fact, exist, the kegs were dispatched. In rather large quantities, too, so if you would like to see just how good a local mainstream version of good honest session ale can be, head on off to The Plough in the next few months. Actually, given the vigour with which the locals took to this ale it might be gone in the next few weeks. All 9 kegs.
looks at me
That's a total of 12 possible entries.
My mom used to take me shopping. A lot. More than I would care to. Going to Zayre was always something. For a period of time, you could get Atari 2600 cartridges for a meager 99 cents. (And people wonder why I don’t think games are worth spending $50 or $60 on??? Quite simply, it doesn’t cost that much money to have fun.)
Paul Trewhela was a former journalist working for newspapers such as the Rand Daily Mail. He was a member of the ANC and SACP and is now an anti-Stalinist socialist historian of the ANC in exile. In Mutinies in the Liberation Armies: Inside Quadro (Searchlight South Africa 2(1): July 1990, 30-35), Trewhela describes the anti-Apartheid movement as “the most successful popular front lobby for Stalinism anywhere in the world.”
happy cinco de mayo weekend! just checking in here to quickly share my cinco eats. i was actually on the road for most of saturday but got my little taste of mexican inspired eats on friday.
Chicago Tribune - ‎2 hours ago‎
I do hope you will give it a try. If you have ANY questions, Please leave me a comment, or send me an email. I will be more than happy to help!
The second half of the proceeds being donated as an In Memoriam gift to the L.A. Gay and Lesbian Center. In Febrary of this year I was devestated to find out that my best friend from childhood, Leanara Gallo was killed near Bakersfield, CA, where she had recently moved to from L.A.. Leo was fierce woman, a beautiful person, and a queer activist, and as such her family has asked that commemorative gifts be made to the L.A. Gay and Lesbian Center, where she had done some work in the past. The L.A.G.L.C. is a multi-service community center that supports the GLBTQ community in L.A. To find out more about
1 250-g tin of refrigerated croissant dough (in the chiller cabinet next to the butter in most
Obama lumped trickle-down economics among “old broken-down theories” that he blamed for the 2008 global economic meltdown.
Not that I haven’t tried. I keep trying. I do what I can but the times are tough and I’m looking for a lover who’ll come on in and cover me… No, I’m not much of a bargain. Actually I’m not looking anymore. That time has passed. I’ll have to be happy with the way things are.
You don't let fear or anxiety stand in the way. If there's something to be done, you'll do it.
5. Real Ale 6-packs, $6.27 ea. at H-E-B (through 3/16/11)
After 5 minutes, take the lid off and put your finger in the curd. If it has a custard-like consistency, it’s ready. If not, let it sit for a few more minutes.
-Boil the milk in a pan ,stirring continously on medium heat. (Check whether milk is not burned at the bottom of the pan)
Many of you readers may also be wondering, “my god, three fucking days for a dessert?!?” The thing is I actually made this dessert twice over the period of time with a few overlapping ingredients. I used my own fresh-baked challah bread and an assortment of tropical fruits as opposed to the traditional berry mixture. If you really wanted to make this dessert the way I did it should only take you parts of two days, and if you are lazy you can create this dessert using pre-bought bread (I recommend challah or brioche) with about only 30 minutes’ worth of work.
In any event, McDermott used to write a blog on QVC.com. We checked the site and we could no longer find McDermott’s blog, so we take that as a pretty good indication that he’s not part of the QVC team anymore.
#139: A blouse, a pencil skirt and a visual illusion...
Add enough water to come half way up the side of the meat. Cook on low for about 8 hours. I turn it every couple of hours.
Agnieszka.
I brought it home.
I’m quite content with hostels! Yes, guesthouses can be a little more quaint, but for me the hostels offer more of what I look for in travel. I found I could always make friends in a bigger group of people. Clean dorm rooms and good showers are important to me! Orderly processes of check-in and check-out seem to work better for me!
Carefully evaluating workers’ compensation claims is crucial in helping your company save money and prevent fraud. Workers’ compensation is simply a form of insurance that offers employees medical coverage in the event they are injured during a work-related function. Depending on the state of residence, it may also give compensation for disabilities sustained or cover rehabilitation costs so the employee can return to the workplace quickly and smoothly.
Eyes: kawaii Floral Eyes-Gree- Splash (Kawaii Fair Item)
“I want to make a Beboodle”, announced Marlene.
Shay tilted her head. Maybe Miss Lucy was right. The dress did make the most of her figure. And she had as much right to wear it as anyone. Maybe more—she was born and raised here, after all. It was just a silly old reenactment anyway. No one cared who the bride and groom were.
3. Sift (weight) of flour with baking powder and salt. With encircling movements enter the flour mixture and 1 ¼ cups orange juice alternately to the mixture of whipped butter. Add the orange zest.
And Eden. She is the most loved,spoilt little bean.
1/4 tsp. cardamom
And there are weddings. More weddings than can be imagined. There is no blood test and no waiting to get married in Eureka Springs. A couple can arrive, get their license, get married and be on their honeymoon in a beautiful historic hotel, bed and breakfast or more modern accommodation in less than 90 minutes.
Kim Wilde Cambodja UK
Established in 1979, Quatro was supposed to be the rehabilitation centre of the ANC, where enemy agents who had infiltrated the ANC would be "re-educated" and would be made to love the ANC through the opportunity to experience the humane character of its ideals.
Reminding me that I can't hold them
Subscribe to A Search Term or Tag:
Much like a fish who is not even aware that it swims in water, we are not aware of the reality we have created for ourselves.
But things have moved on from simple strapline emptiness. These days only 1984-style mendacity will do. Hence, ‘New World, New Ideas’. It truly is the very quintessence of bollocks, and that’s what The Slog is here to point at and ridicule.
I'm deep in debt and now it's much too late.
(Authors note: The following is written for three word Wednesday– detach, jolt, surge. It is also written for my monthly writing group that we call “Soup Night.”)
Feels kinda lame. And tiring.
Orlando
Famous neurologist Dr. Oliver Sacks comments in the video, "His face assumes expression, his eyes open wide, he starts to sing."
My big kids were hastling me to go and run around with their friends. I knew that they'd get in trouble if they ran around, so I made them sit. My daughter decided to pout about it. I looked over, and my 9 year old was under the table. That was the last straw. "OK, we're going home", I said. I loaded everyone up, and we left.
My Tom…the love of my life!
I laughed at myself as I was drawn once again to reach for my red Copic colors. Really? Red? Still? I thought I'd be done with red by now. Nope. Not yet. LOL!!!
After I finished my workout today, I climbed off the cardio machine du jour and removed my headphones.
So that's it. I'm looking forward to a bit more FOCUS in 2012, and I'm fully expecting to enjoy the company of her cousins clarity, quality, mindfulness, simplicity and peace.
After donning plastic shoe covers to keep things clean, he showed me around his department and introduced me to a few students. It was all very similar to the laboratories I used to know in the UK - white walls, small rooms full of centrifuges, microscopes, ovens, refrigerated rooms and big white boxes housing robotic sampling systems. It was strange to suddenly find myself surrounded by such familiar things. Twenty-first century science, it seems, is much the same everywhere.
4. My maternal family can be traced back to the time of the Norman conquest
help people look back and appreciate on what they’ve had,
But your painful spasms
In the 2000s, after a brief experiment in telling stories in their own separate series, Jaime and Gilbert reunited under the familiar Love and Rockets banner for a second series. Gilbert's satiric wit and outlandish style are still intact, but somehow his work in recent years seems increasingly remote from the emotion and heft of his best stories, which is why he is sadly absent from this list. Jaime, however, just keeps getting better. The Locas-related stories in volume II of Love and Rockets are some of his best work, examining his heroines on the cusp of adulthood, feeling that they now have to mature but reluctant to leave behind the wildness and fun of their youths. These are moving, graceful stories, about growing old, about making new starts, about body image and nostalgia and having a sense of home.
For the last two days, I’ve had a bloody nose right after getting up in the morning. My first thought was that with the furnace running, perhaps our air is too dry … but we have a humidifier that is working properly … and I checked our humidity level in the house – it’s fine.
Fully 95 percent of CANNEX-listed products are traditional single premium income annuities (SPIAs). Buyers deposit lump sums into these policies and begin taking monthly pay-outs (income) from them right away or within the first 12 or 13 months of purchase. SPIAs have been available for decades but only in the past year or so have they begun to attract enough sales to cause annuity watchers to pay them much heed.
The suit claims that, since 1994, Interpublic has fostered a work environment where racial discrimination is condoned and Caucasian and light-skinned Hispanics are treated more favorably than African-American or dark-skinned employees. Ms. Noel has been an Interpublic employee since 1993, according to the complaint, and has served in the office of the company’s general counsel.
Hope you like it. Thanks Jen for this wonderful opportunity to cased you.
Anne Rudloe was a marine biologist, nature writer, Zen teacher, and founder of the Gulf Specimen Marine Laboratory in Panacea, Florida, an environmental education center and public aquarium.
Ok fine there's no bacon honey but nao e problemo....what are subs for if not times as these + a healthy dinner........
Arianism: the doctrine that Jesus was not of the same being as God and so therefore was not God but was instead the highest of creatures created by God for a creative and mediatory role. This was condemned at Nicea in 325.
We had our Grand Opening for the Pharmacy at it's new Premesis under a new name (only 3 months after we opened!!) We moved to the main shopping district in East Devonprt & changed our name to Mersey Pharmacy Soul Pattinson. The new Pharmcay look soooooo much better and is way easier to access!!! (If you haven't seen it yet come visit the lovely girls or find us in facebook!!!)
Only 50% of the women who are diagnosed with ovarian cancer will survive five years after initial diagnosis. This low survival rate is because at the time of initial diagnosis, the cancer is usually in an advanced stage.
On to business.......
paisley me, paisley breast. Lace.What is grace?
So, Firecrotch (a clever nickname, if I do say so myself) is on Match.com. Now I refuse to pay for the chance to go on bad dates, so I have no idea if it's actually any better than the free ones I use - but she's been on it for a while now and she goes through boyfriends like dirty underpants, so I'm thinking NOT. However, she even admits that "A girls gotta eat" and that she's on it pretty much just meet people for free food (and the occasional sexual escapade - that's my addition...not actually admitted by Firecrotch!).
Not sure what I think about Annette Bennings dress. It's a little like an outdated Tron dress. I like her though. Yet, I don't want her to win best actress.
I have been a tea drinker of varying degrees of dedication since I was a twelve-year-old Anglophile. Yet I have stubbornly insisted upon being a self-proclamed “purist” and thus drink my tea straight (despite the fact that most good English people drink their tea with milk, so I have heard). No sugar, no milk, no thanks. They can give tea a weird, watered-down sweet flavor that I don’t like.
Wash and pat dry okras. Then cut in 3/4 - 1" inch round pieces. Shallow fry or deep fry in oil until it fuly cooked and or crispy and keep aside.
39. Letting me show you all the planets and stars in the heavens AGAIN and AGAIN....
Provided medical 22,613 services
Seduced then coerced into a job as “personal assistant”, Lucy Delacourt has all but signed her body over to CEO Jeremiah Hamilton, promising to do anything he wants. Now she’s Paris-bound and determined to resist him and the diamond-studded world of the ultra-rich.
Divide the cocoa among cups, top with the whipped cream and decorate on top with a little more zest and grated chocolate.
“Its like this, he (Nik Abdul Aziz) is like other Tok Gurus and many people want to go to the Holy land with people like him because his knowledge of Islam is inspiring.
In oligarchy countries like Ukraine, a small handful of people became enormously wealthy after the end of Communism, often by theft, bribery, and coercion. Everyone else was trapped by the bureaucracy that remained.
It is absolutely teeming with wildlife.
Caught between the demands of work and family I experienced a choking sense of guilt. I would try to alleviate it by endlessly examining it but it was pure economic necessity that got me over the line. Our family needed the money. I no longer experience significant guilt in leaving work at 5.30 for my children. I am more confident about my decisions, but also, my partner and I have arranged our careers to better accommodate this juggling and to share the load more fairly between us.
We all could learn from our poor and homeless sisters in the US the art of organizing programmes with little resources.
The announcements say to think about the goals and how they will have a good day. For me, that's how I make sure my day is started out right.
Their bad karma catches up with them, metaphorically, as they both do battle with their own and each others’ wounded exes; the battles are wonderfully over-the-top for representing two people just coming to terms with their crush having had a life before them, and that they may be only another interchangeable future ex. Spoiler alert: by the end, they manage to grow up, realising that neither love nor self-esteem are magic unbeatable weapons, and that the best you can do is be honest with themselves and others…and try not to be such a dick. Great stuff.
So, back to the carnival: Every year Phroney Hale came to the carnival. I do not recall seeing him partake of the pre-carnival dinner, but every year, without fail, he would pay his dimes and take his place on the cake walk, walking until he won an appropriate piece of baked goods. Each year we’d see him walk away into darkness, toting his goodie.
More than a dozen Pakatan Rakyat leaders like PKR Secretary General Saifudin Nasution and lawmakers and excos like Tian Chua and Teresa Kok present at the protest should be condemned for not appealing to the crowd to exercise physical control and restraint. Indirectly, they have contributed to the heckling and attempted physical assault against Dr Wee.
More importantly, Booker concludes, it should focus our attention once again on the fact that we are still being presented with by far the biggest bill in history, to counter a threat that never actually existed.
rep = repeat
Jeeeeeeeeeeeebus.
Red light! I haven’t done any short story work in the last 6 months. I think this goal needs revising since I have figured out that I’m focusing on poetry. Let’s say I would like to complete edits on one story, check for further edits on another, and finish the two short stories for which I have already begun first drafts. This would be progress, and probably much more doable since short story work is not a focus for me this year.
Now, these bowls mentioned by Bede need not necessarily be the same type of object as the copper-alloy hanging bowls that were buried in graves at the same period. Nevertheless, it is striking that they correspond in date (Bede was writing in the early eighth century, in this case about events in the seventh, exactly the date range proposed for the hanging bowls in graves), location (eastern ‘Anglo-Saxon’ England), status (associated with royalty in Bede’s account, found in wealthy graves), material (brass or bronze*) and form (bowls hanging from something).
Start with a 4 1/4" x 11" piece of cardstock and score on the 5 1/2" mark to create a A2 card base. Next cut the striped 7 Gypsies paper to 4" x 5 1/4" and adhere to card base. On kraft colored cardstock in Walnut Stain Ink stamp the Carriage from the Barnyard Elements Set, in Forest Moss Ink stamp the small Spruce Trees from the Magnificent Spruce Trees Set and in Black Soot Ink stamp the Sentiment from the Western Bronco Set. Cut image to 3" x 5 1/8" and distress edges with Brushed Corduroy Distress Ink. Adhere to card base. Add twine around the top of the card and finish with decorative brad. Add Getaway Dew Drops to bottom left of card adhering with Dries Clear Glue.
9. Do you believe ex's can be friends? no
Babylon Zoo Spacemen UK
With all the Columbus Glowing blue Jackets operating a great 8-1-1 streak in to Clarksville On the, the Blue Jackets ended up seeking to click a new 20 video game skid up against the Possible predators.
Above all the conflict involves the question who gets to explain the world. Who is given the authority to do so. What science gives us, works most of the time, it’s useful for our purposes but still it can get falsified at any time. Physics are not so important in everyday life after all, so the people want to now how to be healthy, how to live, how to be attractive. Well, there are armies of false prophets scoring on these problems. All of them have in common one thing, trying to sound scientific (ok there is some new age stuff as well, but treated like a sect) Dr. House solves every hopeless case with logic. That’s good for him. He teaches us is that with logic you can solve any problem. I’d like him to meet Dexter sometime.
3) Cinnamon Stick (Kayu Manis) - 2 sticks
8. How did you become interested in 3?
Once in the stall, it took 10 minutes just to OPEN the fucker because I wasn't carrying a boxcutter. And, you know, 8th-grade bathrooms are not equipped for privacy OR stealth, so all the burnouts cutting class just listened to me inside the flimsy stall struggling to open the goddamned box. What came out was the size and shape of a small mink. And about as absorbent.
“A small rudder on a huge ship in the hands of a skilled captain sets a course in the face of the strongest winds. A word out of your mouth may seem of no account, but it can accomplish nearly anything—or destroy it!”
Dress - ASOS Curve/Belt, Breacelets, and Earrings - Forever 21+/Thrifted Vintage/Necklace - Laura/Purse - CBX/Shoes - Charlotte Russe
For all of my attempts to simplify my life, this week hasn't felt very simple. Oh well. Next week I go back to ZERO items on the calendar, so I think if I can get through this weekend, I can begin to dig out of the computer hole from this whole past week.
Oh dark brooding sky
In the end, that's all that matters.
She is about ready to graduate from pre-school.
This fantasy trilogy was originally published on the same shelf as the others, but has been enjoyed by an older readership, average age 14... perhaps not surprising when you consider the original version of "Song Quest" was written for adult fantasy fans, and not too much was taken out to make it suitable for a children's publisher. They are longer books at around 70,000 words each title.
I have experienced all types of nutritional theories - growing up with an Italian mother and a vegetarian father. I even experimented with vegetarianism myself for a short time, however ended up loosingtoo much weight (dropped to 46kg) and had absolutely no energy.
Lopan had style and substance...after he married the two green-eyed ladies and drank some blood from one of them that is.
The EFCC is said to be relying on bilateral agreement with the US
I named him Spooky after Agent Fox “Spooky” Mulder on The X-Files which was how I was spending all my Friday nights in those days (and then Sundays when it moved in Season 3) and the name fit although maybe Gollum would’ve been better.
Losing weight and getting fit comes in at #1 on Time Magazine’s Top Ten Commonly Broken New Year’s Resolutions, I have tried and failed to fulfil this resolution myself many times.
Yesterday we had a play date with some friends. The play date involved sewing machines for the mamas, which is the best kind of play date! I made this log cabin block. I'm still trying to decide whether or not I should turn it into a pillow or go for a full sized baby quilt? I waffle back and forth.
The lying little eunuchs at the New York Times truly have no shame. With a straight face, this Mr. Carr bemoans the fact that the "traditional media" control only part of the story now (thanks to the blogs like this one), either maliciously ignorant of the fact that before Trayvon-O-Mania went viral, and the true facts of l'il Tray's innate viciousness became apparent to anyone with a smart phone, the Times went to outrageous lengths to paint Trayvon vs. Zimmerman as garden-variety evil white racist oppression; or possibly could it be that the New York Times is hedging their bets, realizing at last that people are starting to see through their blatantly anti-white worldview? They called George Zimmerman a "white Hispanic" FFS! How much more obvious could they possibly get?
According to his autobiographical fragment, “My First Steps Outside My Fatherland,” Palm considered leaving Sweden as early as 1836, but his life was complicated by financial and romantic troubles. The former problem got cleared up by some generous friends, and in 1844 Palm headed to America, where he met up with his nephew, Swen Magnus Swenson.
Most of all what I love about this quilt is Angela (the quilt maker's) explanation about why she made this quilt, and what it meant to her... you should ABSOLUTELY go and read about it on her blog.
Artificial weather modification through the use of chemicals can impact us by reducing water supplies, causing dry snows, less rainfall, changing agricultural crop production cycles, reducing crop production, and water availability. Since most experimental weather modification programs use chemicals released into the atmosphere the public could be subjected increasingly toxic or unknown substances that could adversely impact agricultural crops and trees, not to mention our personal health. Global dimming and persistent contrails and chemtrails that produce man-made clouds, may have serious impacts on crop production, trees in our forests, and our trees on our private property, and Idaho’s Whitebark Pine. The dead and dying trees all around us are being attacked by beetles, and we have a tender box sitting waiting for the lighting strike to ignite and off she burns. I wonder at the governments answer all the time, well huh, its the beetles, and lack of moisture. Well did any of you brilliant government stooges do any soil testing for chemicals, like barium and or other chemical man made agents, gather some ring samples maybe, how about a water sample in these area’s, Never mind, I think I will get some samples myself for my own documentation, never needed you guys any way.
Yet sometimes I wish I was one of them machines; for at least they’ll have someone to take care of them, oil the gears, clean their parts, and fix their short circuits may an idiotic user decide to use his child-like creativity and convert them into a coaster for his coke… But then I turn towards the mirror, and what my photoreceptors send back to my occipital lobe is nothing but a blurry image of a rusty broken engine…
Here, then, we circle around the heart of the Bidmead approach. And around an issue that’s been lurking around since what may in fact be my most controversial post, the one on The Masque of Mandragora. There I suggested that even that story, more overtly about the triumph of science over superstition than any other in the series, cannot quite be taken as nailing the case. On fundamental levels the entire grammar of narrative undercuts the argument.
fill me with power and perserverence.
06 - Keep The Faith
My elder daughter, Miss C, thinks that I don’t buy her “treats” often enough. If she had her way, I would be at the shops every day, buying her something new. Of course I am not about to pander to her whims but I do love it when I find something that delights her that involves neither mountains of money or hours of my time. Recently I bought a book containing activities to do on rainy days. We have already made two of the crafts in the book, one is an animal cage made out of a cardboard box, with strings for bars. She has housed her stuffed toy tiger in it and invites us all along to her “zoo” (complete with swipe cards that we have to swipe at her door in order to get in). I haven’t had the heart to tell her that more recent animal incarceration trends veer away from small cages because she has had such simple pleasure from it.
Meanwhile, life goes on. I'm very much enjoying the reggae-inflected work of Hollie Cook, daughter of Sex Pistols and Edwyn Collins' drummer Paul Cook. You can see more at her website here.
5) How old was the sister that was in the house when this murder occurred? The baby must have screamed as he was being cut up, did no one hear him?
We should not just believe in some kind of survival or immortality or just “life after death”—but Resurrection, an utterly new creation, a transformation into Love that is promised as the final chapter of all history.”
8:00 – Silver Apples, Oneida, Joshua Light Show @ Abrons Art Center $20
Everyone constantly talk about energy preservation, ecosystem and natural environment. Energy source preservation is practically the core of just about all technology. Regardless of whether it’s the latest vehicle or perhaps a new TV set, just what most likely draws in the consumer’s attention will be the selling price. Outside of price consideration a person should feel that he/she has more obligation to conserve the environment. TV marketplace has experienced a brand new emerging trend following the appearance of LCD technological innovation. The main cause for the triumph of LCD television is actually its energy efficiency. Many other factors also have led its accomplishment. Let’s discover the good thing about using an LCD Television within our home.
Plenary lectures at the Annual Meeting of CSPP:
Sophie will soon find out. She will have to trust Royd because she has no choice left. Because the bogeyman haunting her dreams is all too real and he’s on the hunt again. Because the nightmare he’s got planned for Sophie won’t end when she wakes up screaming. I won’t end. Ever.
1 tablespoon fresh cilantro, chopped
Bonus Question: What language did these first humans speak? I am a linguistics geek and would love more info on this.
The largest market share decline was in the West, where the townhouse share fell from 21% at the beginning of 2008 to 11% at the end of 2011.
The rest of the story you can read at V&V....
11-How come the things that make you happy don’t make everyone happy?
And the boat return'd no more.
Isn't summer great? My summer has been filled with a lot of painting and a lot of lunch dates with friends. Today began with a few hours of painting, then a 5 hour lunch with a long lost friend. Later this week I am joining some very special blogging buddies for lunch, two I have already had the pleasure of meeting and two I look forward to meeting.
‘yes, he saw what she meant, but he could not feel like this.’
The true hero, the true subject, the center of the Iliad is force. Force employed by man, force that enslaves man, force before which man’s flesh shrinks away. In this work, at all times, the human spirit is shown as modified by its relations with force, as swept away, blinded, by the very force it imagined it could handle, as deformed by the weight of the force it submits to. For those dreamers who considered that force, thanks to progress, would soon be a thing of the past, the Iliad could appear as an historical document; for others, whose powers of recognition are more acute and who perceive force, today as yesterday, at the very center of human history, the Iliad is the purest and the loveliest of mirrors.
The Friday night is rounded off with Mugison's band playing a 1970s-style rock set, which has earned him a Canadian tour supporting Queens Of The Stone Age. Although the audience responds with fanatical enthusiasm, he keeps the performance to 20 minutes like everybody else, and is soon to be seen milling around the crowd unmolested. In a country as small as Iceland, heroes are very much part of the community.
It is attainable to accept assertive characters gone in the final catastrophe arrangement of the game. In adjustment to annihilate characters from the final catastrophe sequence, you accept to complete a simple task. You accept to not alleviate them in the game. If you do not alleviate a appearance in the game, he will be missing from the final catastrophe sequence. The complete arrangement will go by and you will never see the character. Also, on the block at the end, the bound appearance will be missing and the added characters will be in altered positions.
Sat & Sun: $8/day
Well today has been a mixed bag: we went to see the Crazy Horse Memorial, which is good, but the Trek is still not fixed, which is bad. Let me explain...
When she was at that point, oh my, how can I express to you how right it felt? It felt so right. I wasn't freaked out by her crying, I felt she needed it, I felt her release.
I also saw a video of Stephen Hawking using his iMind. Controling a computer with thought alone. Our electromagnetic selves – energy selves – are interacting with the world by a means other than our physical bodies for the first time. What thoughts will my Padawan think? How far will they travel, and what will they change?
I think we all agreed the food was good. But looking back over these photos, it’s no surprise that I ended up so um..inebriated by the end of the night. The portions are tiny! And sadly, the price tags weren’t.
I quite like this one, actually, mostly because I really love the Hourglass stain - it's such a beautiful color and it does last. It's also quite fuss-free once it's applied. What do you think? Is this too spring-esque for an autumn wedding? I don't know that I really care about conforming to seasonal standards, but perhaps it should be considered. What say you? Should I focus on fall colors? Are you still voting for a red lip?
549 D-X/5/1964. “Shelley’s Defence of Poesy.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Starved Rock State Park, Illinois.
Bazzill Cream
of a giant wheeled suitcase with everything but the kitchen sink! This irritated many strangers as they had to help me hoist it onto trains, buses, and boats!
And then there is the baby of the house. He can also be a little shit, for instance, he loves feces, any kind of feces will do, if it’s in the yard or in the litter box, he digs it. He loves to roll in it, the smellier, the better in his opinion. He enjoys sneaking into the basement and marking or leaving a little turd for one of us to find. Otherwise, you can find him passed out on the couch. I mean, this dog is the laziest Chihuahua I’ve ever met. I love him because he digs the outdoors. Going for a walk in the woods? He’s down. Hammocking on a warm summer day? Let’s do it. Camping in the National Forest for the weekend? Okay! There isn’t much this little guy won’t do. It also doesn’t hurt that he’s a little cuddle-bug.
Byrne, Dara N. “The Future of (the) ’Race’: Identity, Discourse, and the Rise of Computer-mediated Public Spheres.” Learning Race and Ethnicity: Youth and Digital Media. Edited by Anna Everett. The John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation Series on Digital Media and Learning. Cambridge, MA: The MIT Press, 2008. 15–38. doi: 10.1162/dmal.9780262550673.015
At any rate, this show was doomed to fail, although I was naive enough at the age of 14 to be bitterly disappointed. A couple of years later though he got Late Night with David Letterman, a much more savvy bit of television scheduling…following hard on the heels of The Tonight Show, the late hour was another borrowing from SNL. Letterman’s was the first later than late night talk show, setting the template for all those that exist now. My buddies and I were die-hard fans. (In retrospect, what the hell were we doing watching television — together — at that hour? These memories must be of Friday nights). For this show Letterman mixed his crazy comedy (e.g., the adrogynous senior citizen Larry” Bud” Mellman, and Chris Elliott as a crank who lived under the seats) with interviews with top celebrity guests. At this stage, I had little interest in Carson, by comparison – much preferred Letterman to The Tonight Show. I was very devoted. I was even watching when Andy Kaufman staged his famous stunt with Jerry Lawler, and realized at the time that it was a stunt. I thought then and think now, that anyone who couldn’t see IMMEDIATELY that it was a leg-pulling stunt devised for our entertainment was mentally retarded.
Hi everyone. I'm sorry I'm so useless at blogging at the moment. It isn't for not wanting to or for lack of anything to say it's because my schedule is hectic at the moment being a trainee journalist. Then I've had a migraine attack complied with a cold.
My next visit in Coimbatore was at Sewa Nilayam…a Trust dedicated towards working with orphaned girls. I was already so tired by the time I reached here and was in no mood to shoot the project. It was just like a refreshment advertisement I saw on TV…the sun had a straw attached to my head and was happily drinking or should I say draining my energy levels. But then, work is work, and I had no time to waste.
Eldest got a small crocheted monkey. Johnny her monkey has been her best cuddly friend ever since we spied him in a charity shop when she was one. He's no longer fluffy and bears all the signs of worn true love. There have a been a few long drives back to places she's left him, our hearts pounding all the way hoping that he would still be there.
Chinese dissident Chen Guangcheng, who has suffered years of imprisonment and beatings for objecting to forced abortions and sterilizations in his native country, thought he could find shelter and friendship in the United States embassy following his recent escape from house arrest. He is now learning the hard way that the pro-abortion Obama administration, which helps to finance the same “one-child policy” that Chen is fighting, would rather see him disappear.
Then....crafty me thought...stained glass!
6) Using a mini scoop place rounds on the prepared sheets. . Flatten slightly with hands, sprinkle lightly with some granulated sugar. Bake for about 10 minutes, surface is slightly cracked and still soft. Let cool for 1 minute on baking sheet and transfer to a wire rack to cool.
Reading these articles will give you a very different perception of the issue of parking fines, and will explain the principles of Lawful Rebellion and demonstrate them in action. Three are from the website of The People’s United Community and one is written by Veronica: of the Chapman Family, author of the book Freedom is more than a 7-letter word, which, I’ll say again, is essential reading.
As these technologies evolve, researchers are also developing “through silicon vias” or TSVs. Otte calls TSVs “the dark horse in this data rate transmission race.” TSV are vertical connections that make it possible to stack chips. For example, memory chips can be stacked on top of processor chips.
First, let’s talk statistics. Hazed and Infuzed comes in at a fairly low 4.85% ABV, making for a sessionable beer that isn’t lacking in the flavor department. It’s brewed with caramel malts and roasted barley, which surely attributes to the rich color of the beer. There are also four varieties of hops used, including Nugget, Willamette, Crystal, and Centennial. During fermentation, Crystal and Centennial hops are added again to infuse (get it?) this beer with a hop kick in the butt that makes this amber ale special.
Sono molto contenta che dalla foto si veda lo sbrilluccichio sul banner...... ho usato il Glimmer Glam Tide Pool direttamente sulla patterned...... e non l'ho rovesciato ihihihih
In sum, the recent TTAB decisions on fraud serve to remind trademark owners, and their lawyers, that PTO declarations are serious documents, which incorporate a solemn oath attesting to the facts therein. It is clear that there is a duty to investigate the facts prior to signing the documents. Prudent practice and attention to detail will increase the cost of maintaining a trademark portfolio, both inhouse and in private practice. However, alerting trademark owners to the requirements for filing an accurate document and discussing those requirements as they relate to the client’s business can prevent the loss of registration due to a misstatement uncovered at a later date.
COULD NOT SLEEP.
Some companies like the Ingram Group in the USA are both wholesalers and distributors, but believe me, there is a hell of a difference between a wholesale contract and a distribution contract. Most POD publishers who offer self-publishing services have wholesale contracts with Ingram. And by the way—no—even if you paid your POD publisher service $200 to get listed in the Ingram catalogue, you are still not having your book distributed by Ingram. Oh, and by the way, most of the POD publishers use Lightning Source as their choice of printer. Lightning Source is owned by the Ingram Group. Is the penny dropping now? Perhaps you understand why so many POD publishers mention the tag line – ‘your book will be available in 25,000 retailers worldwide’. It’s call getting a listing with Ingram who supplies books, via LSI POD facilities, to most major online retailers in the USA.
Monday, I went to get Adrienne, Russ went to the doctor. They gave him some antibiotics and sent him home to rest for 48 hours. He looked awful and I'm sure felt much worse. He didn't sleep at all that night. Nice anniversary for us.
These are mostly immigrants who aren’t authorized to work in this country. They file using an Individual Taxpayer Identification Number issued by the Treasury Department.
if you don't want to watch or can't, what i've shared are two tips that help
WHAAAAAAAT?!?!??!?!?!? NO THAT DOESNT MAKE ME FEEL ANY BETTER. ITS YOUR CHOICE YOU HAVENT SEEN YOUR SON. YOU CAN PICK UP A EFFING PHONE AND CALL YOUR SON. OR GET IN THE CAR AND DRIVE A FEW DAYS TO SEE HIM!! IT WAS NOT MY CHOICE TO LOSE MY SON. I CANNOT PICK UP A PHONE AND CALL MY SON AND I CERTAINLY CAN NOT JUST GET IN A CAR AND DRIVE A FEW DAYS TO SEE MY SON
My Take:
take care of itself, boy, is it going to take care of itself. And it's
Whether you are a buyer analyzing newspaper or magazine data or a seller marketing information, find the right tools for any analysis in ABC’s latest e-Data catalog.
From Livestrong.com:
Have a go.
the edge, the bee-sage makes a heavenly stout: pressed to lips,
Emily-Jane and I snuggled up together around 20:00hrs and I read another couple of chapters of her copy of ‘Juliet, the valentine fairy’, before she went to bed. Another little thing she loves us to do, snuggle up in our bed, rather than hers, to read bedtime stories.
First: fewer people will save for their old age. Second: those who do will save less. Third: he will therefore raise less money. Fourth: it will cost millions for the lumbering tax people to change things.
The lords swim at Majorca,
Chew and spit
I think I'll go now and finish that tinfoil hat I was working on.
Adapted from Forbes.
Then Mya blessed us pretty much as healthy as can be for a preemie. I devoted all of my time to Mya. Mya became my rock. My focus and my everything.
you release
My mother in law's house is completely decked out in all retro/vintage pieces (well, for the most part. What's not vintage, is modern in design), and she has had me do two different vintage-lookalike "wallpaper" designs.
It includes a Kimberly fern, lobelia (periwinkle), verbena (purple) a low maintenance
The next morning, the best-looking and more docile dolphins are selected and sold for use in circus acts, amusement parks, dolphinariums, and swim-with-dolphins programs. You can witness this frantic selection from a nearby road, but after the selection process is done, the remaining dolphins are tied up to the boats by their fins and dragged around a cliff, and into the secret cove where no one can look in. This cove is surrounded with steep cliffs on three sides and there are several tunnels you need to get through to get there. There are also a lot of high fences surrounded by barbed wire, keeping unwanted viewers away.
Realisation dawned upon me, ‘No,’ tears began to fall down my cheeks. ‘Don’t go.’
Consider:
Dolby Pro-logic/DTS Compatible
I think that many of the people supporting the policy, or at least not opposing it, have brushed over the details, focusing on “free” contraception, instead of contraception of certain approved type, the weighting of choices, and the reach into the second generation. The government has glossed over these details, but they make all the difference.
Let’s walk
I think four finished novels is a good goal to shoot for. It'd be great to post a year from now and say that I had achieved that goal, plus the musical projects. Hell, it'd be a great year.
His capture and forced march northward with hundreds of other American prisoners was merely the beginning of Father Kapaun's trial, an ordeal that ended in his death from starvation, cold and lack of basic medical care at a prison camp in North Korea six months later. For his heroism, a group of Kansas politicians is pushing to have him awarded the Medal of Honor, America's highest military decoration. Reports of Kapaun's selfless bravery have got him shortlisted for another rare high honour: the Catholic Church has named Kapaun Servant of God, the first step toward sainthood, and the Vatican has
In our family, we plan on having Christmas Dinner around 2PM.
12. Blues With A Kick (B. Hackett-S. Applebaum) 2:53
Today has been, and hopefully will continue to be, fantastic.
Change the punch and the twine colors and you can get a whole new look!
like a weaned child who no longer cries for its mother’s milk.
You probably already know that stress affects your skin in many ways, including acne breakouts. Though this statement is true, stress can be easier to manage then many people think. Yoga and tai chi are both great ways to decrease your stress level.
I am discussing this with my seventeen year old
Thank you to all of our guests. Tiddly Inks loves those of you that visit and use Tiddly Ink images. We wouldn't be here without all of you. We hope that each week we bring you lots of fun and inspiration. We love that those that play in our challenges offer us a lot of inspiration too - so Thank you!
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, May 13, 1985 — A bomb dropped by a police helicopter burned down an entire block, some 60 homes destroyed, 11 dead, including several small children. The police, the mayor’s office, and the FBI were all involved in this effort to evict a black organization called MOVE from the house they lived in.
Full disclosure: I have not yet gotten any bad reviews. On the contrary, I’ve had some lovely, detailed and thoughtful reviews so I’m still in the honeymoon stage. But I know the bad ones are coming. There’s no getting around it, and every one is going to hurt.
I grant a clemency for Perry, though I have no power, there are no grounds for clemency, and my clemency is of no consequence; Perry, in the matter of Cameron Todd Willingham, granted no clemency, though his power was extraordinary, the grounds substantial, and the consequences vital. His silence now will be far more chattered about than his silence then.
Artists are a rare kind. They seem to be able to create masterpieces without complicated theories and computations. It's as if they are moved by instinct to draw, paint, and create visually pleasing artworks. Some artists, when asked about their artwork, would simply shrug and say they didn't know what motivated them, and they just felt like painting it. Art school should not aim to correct this freewheeling style of artistry. It should, however, provide the basic techniques and theories on art and creativity. Instead of suppressing natural skill, it should develop and enlighten it by explaining the concepts behind art. Unlike what most people think, there truly is a science behind art.
5. Call upon God or the angels and other sentient beings of light to help lift you up so that you can have peace, forgiveness and compassion in your heart and see the light and goodness in each person, no matter what the circumstances or past history is. Start to recognise any time you may fall into old habits or patterns of thinking. Have compassion for yourself and others and see with eyes of ‘light’ and ‘love’. We all have that divine spark, purity and goodness within us. When you see with the eyes of love and forgiveness and remain in a state of calm and peacefulness, people and situations around you will noticeably ‘shift’ as if by magic. You will notice the difference. Be the change you want in your life. It all starts with YOU. It is a matter of perception, attitude and choice.
The T-box stopped working. Which meant that not only could I not use the damn thing, but I was paying for it WHEN WE WEREN'T SUPPOSED TO BE IN THE FIRST PLACE!!!! So I bit the bullet, and phoned *ahem* "customer service" (*hack* *cough* *splutter*)
Of course, the other highlight was spending time with my family and my dad! For those that know my family, you know that I have a pretty awesome dad. There has never been a question in my mind that he would do anything for any of us kids (even if he did wear the shirt he knows my siblings and I hate to the house just to get a reaction). But hey, that's Dad humor. Even with his ugly shirt, loud snoring, and "jokes", I wouldn't trade him.
Every Suspect (remember, this includes the Jury) must write a short defense scene in 300 words or less (a short intro to the scene is acceptable). It can be about anything legal or illegal, minor or major. A stolen kiss, cheating, robbery – even murder! It does not have to involve the law or court. Feel like sharing a scene from your manuscript? Cool! Or maybe a scene from a short story you’ve written? Awesome! It only has to be a scene where someone defends themselves against something.
Just like a child
- Swords & Wizardry White Box: This is the scrappy little system I used for my first ConstantCon session of Tales from the Hotel Kaladarian. Prior to that single session I had never before played any D&D edition (or retro-clone thereof) prior to 1977, i.e., Holmes. It ran well, though at times I missed the easy familiarity of Labyrinth Lord. In any case, I haven't even come close to playing enough White Box to say that I've given it a fair trial yet.
Assessment from doctor: Complete tear of the ACL, damage to meniscus is unknown, scheduled for MRI on 22 May 2012, 1045H.
* Believe in life after death =1,
A Venus made flesh in a shell full of sea?
bare feet
This is the motto of the US Army and trucking. In the army, its hurry up and wait. Get to the battle, sit there til someone starts shooting at you and then hurry up and kill them so you can go wait somewhere else.
Disc: 1
though i usually find dismissing the news quite easy, these past few weeks have proven hard to daydream about my meaningless sweet nothings to come. in these last few weeks, i have been disgusted with myself when i hear of what is happening a world away. how can i worry about when my next blog post will be when people are being killed because of what they believe in?
PS. Blog title courtesy of Porcupine Tree by way of Public Enemy.
So, like all good children of the Millennium, I turned to Google. After much sifting, these are the sites I found with the most useful advice:
There are many other stories that explore the mythological and spiritual significance of this tree and of these states of awareness so far beyond awakening, but there is not point sharing them, needless to say, it’s a wonderful tree.
I recycle. I pay taxes. I don’t park in disabled parking spaces.
Top Toronto cop refuses to resign as G20 criticism grows Toronto G20 biggest was the ‘compromise of civil liberties’ in Canadian history: they now both should resign or should make quick work at making all of brutalizing police officers to account for their despicable conduct during the G20 Summit protests.
I wanted to give an update on my weight loss goal since here we are in March 2011 and my goal was 61 pounds lost my than. What the hell was I thinking?!?! Well I am still happy with my progress - 32.8 pounds lost since I started REALLY trying! And I have built up my time at the gym and am doing an hour of hard core cardio for an hour at least 5-6 days a week. That counts for something too right?!?!
I am a recovering compulsive overeater, abstinent by the grace of God one more day at a time. For details, check out my food journal.
Look at how each side approaches the ideas of the other…
Back to Grandma and her German understanding cats and dogs. Grandma always had some kind of wiener dog..a Dachshund..low to the ground with toe nails that would click all the way across the linoleum that covered the kitchen floor. Their names were always similar too..Doxie and Dixie and Trixie..or some such name that is buried so far back in my head that it won’t come out when I want it too. Grandma would tell that dog to sit, roll over or dance and twirl in German and the little fat elongated dog would do whatever Grandma said. Then Grandma would give the dog a treat..my Grandma was an excellent cook.. no doubt the dog liked her cooking too!
Up to me. This 3 words would haunt me for the rest of my life. Everything he did was up to me. Whether or not he had coffee or tea, bread or cereal, beef or chicken, and even whether doggy or missionary was up to me. He respects you, my friends said. I told them I was better off with a rubber doormat as a partner. To be honest, he did make one decision. He decided to sleep with my best friend.
1) amygdala
This recipe is quicker than all that. I don't think we've ordered a pizza since I've discovered this handy way of making it at home. And it almost goes without saying that homemade pizza is healthier and cheaper.
I’ve always loved cartoons, ever since I was a kid and my parents subscribed to The Eagle for me – and I still think of Dan Dare when an RAF jet screams over our house on a NATO exercise. From early in my childhood – and certainly in the 1950s – I grew to love Giles cartoons and every Christmas one would appear under the tree, with my name in it. Today I still have a complete run of almost every Giles album, including the first one, which covers the latter years of the Second World War. Those early collections are very heavily thumbed and two or three are even missing their brightly coloured covers. So it’s not a collector’s collection, but then I’m a cartoon lover, not a nerd.
NORTH AMERICAN EARNINGS
The Fraser study picks 1987 as the date from which to make it's analysis. The Metropolis study goes back to 1970. Now, it's important to understand the relevance of a base year.
But I’m bound to make some mistakes again,
Gia desperately wants her crush Ricky to make a move on her, but so far he has not so she prays the summer with no parents or siblings will encourage him as she wants to be his squeeze and not just his BF. When he does not and another cutie Rashad makes a move, Gia apparently adopts a new crush. Ricky is crushed as he wants her to be his girl.
At the moment, they're stacked between my two camel chairs and I love the way they contrast the neutrals! I found these stools at Target, but I know that Ikea has some very similar ones, so their affordable price makes them a perfect candidate for a paint makeover. If you could do them in any color, what would you have picked? What project would you like to tackle as a part of National Painting Week?
1 shifted
I was a bit rushed in this exercise as I wasn’t sure how long it would take and how long the students would need to measure the oval and make their calculations. I think I could prepare them a little better next time round. They were in no state after the exercise to debrief and that was a little disappointing. Next time I’d like to challenge the non-believers to prove me wrong.
We all have habits that I'm sure would seem strange to other people if we shared them. Which is usually why we don't tell people about our habits of, say, harvesting and assimilating facts about the people around us. It's not that we do it for any malicious purpose--maybe it was once a survival trait and is now a harmless subconscious reflex. Maybe it pays off when it's time to get a neighbor a birthday present and our husbands are totally clueless but because we have a logbook for everyone we encounter we know they mentioned a renewed interest in fishing last summer and that new tackle box will make us the VIP guests of the Cake Master of Ceremonies. Maybe your habit of cultivating underwear yeast to make a beer out of is weirder! Okay, that was just defensive. Sorry.
The grounded throngs numbered in the thousands, at least that's my guess, about two or three percent of the entire Eastern North American population corralled for the evening by the wicked weather. Breeding pairs of Tundra swans are among the first to arrive in the Arctic, by then they are ready to be alone, defending a breeding territory of nearly a mile square. The non-breeding cygnets remain elsewhere, flock bound in daycare, while the adults are off doing...it!
VANGUARD
Now I just have to beg him to dance with me, since he’s a shy, tall man who doesn’t dance.
If this album weren't enough, Matt has released a great deal of other music directly through The Omega Core's web site, and we encourage our audience to not only grab Massive Black for your collections, but to investigate his other work as well. Earth Mantra is very happy to bring Massive Black to our listeners, and we certainly look forward to Matt's future releases, both via Earth Mantra and beyond. Highly recommended.
Button Down- Vintage Thrifted Savers
After getting nice and groovy in the Do Lab for Christian Martin it was time to skip on down to the beloved Sahara Tent. Zeds Dead was about to take the stage and I cannot tell you just how hard these guys throw down. This being my second time seeing them (both in festival settings), they proved yet again why they are my favorite dubstep artists. The two, along with vocalist/mc Omar LinX threw down a hell of a set aside from the little mishap in the video (it was actually refreshing to see proving they are mixing live). Going straight into “Oh thats unexpected” (The Beginning – Zeds Dead). They earned the # 3 spot in the top 3 for day 2.
I was snuggled down into my nest in the back seat of the car. I always made one up for long trips, placing my pillows against the right hand side door and my blanket puddled around my legs. From this vantage point I could see the side of my moms' face as she drove and I would fluctuate between constant chatter and sleep, thumb plugged in my mouth and my 'chewie' doll within arms reach. In those days it was easy to stretch out and get comfortable as seat belt laws hadn't been invented yet and that meant the whole seat was available for use as a bed.
This issue has been bugging me for a good couple of weeks now. I thought that I would help sift through my feelings/thoughts/vents by posting about it.
But a penultimate question nags at the analytical mind: what do you do if this all goes pear-shaped, and innocent later management folks like Will Lewis wonder how anyone with half a brain could find the emails entirely innocent?
I fell in love with this green damask fabric for the bedding and painted all of the walls a pale yellow. When the one hot pink pillow didn't suffice, I had the idea to make the polka dot pattern bigger than life on the wall behind the bed.
nor evil, the vine is simply a nuisance of life in this part of the country.
1 1/2 cups instant couscous
In a small bowl, whisk the flour and baking powder together then set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter, sugar, salt and lemon zest at medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3-4 minutes, stopping to scrape down the sides of the bowl as necessary. Beat in the vanilla. Add the eggs, on at a time, beating well after each addition. With the mixer on low, gradually add the flour mixture, beating until just about incorporated. Remove the bowl from the mixer and use a rubber spatula to finish stirring - the batter will be very thick. Gently fold in the blueberries.
For whole-house audio, we’re going to use traditional receivers and amplifiers with a bunch of Apple TVs + iTunes providing music. This is what we do in our current house and it’s amazing. I can control the music throughout the house with my iPhone or iPad, I don’t have to manage a duplicate library of music and because all the parts are non-proprietary, it’s as inexpensive and as maintainable as you can get. If a part breaks, I can buy a new one from anyone and they’re getting cheaper every day. And the design is so simple that if a part breaks when I want to listen to music in a room, I can easily swap a few cables around in the basement to get music in that room. With a proprietary system, if it breaks, I am a slave to the company that makes it and I have to wait for them to ship me an expensive replacement. And they probably require that a “certified installer” install it for me, which costs even more and takes even longer because I have to wait to fit into their Monday-Friday 9-5 schedule.
Your definition of a true musician.
I have heard from her. She updates her carepages very frequently. Mimi sounds like she's doing all right considering. This is from her carepages last night...
I feel like an old man typing this. But I was once a 19 year old stand-up who thought he needed an agent. I was wrong. I didn't. Not when I'd done so few gigs.
We also had watermelon, corn on the cob, baked beans and french fries!
I am grateful for eyes that see, ears that hear, legs that leap, tongue that tastes…
“Only if you had the bloody pigeon to hand at the time. I mean gelatinous stuff you could mix in with the chilli stuff and it would stay there as a blob. Then I have to take into consideration things like the wind which is going to blow some of the chilli powder away – or rain, which is going to wash it away. But I could mix it into a little watery paste. I just need to have it so it will stick there in a little mound of something that irritates them and they think Oh! this isn’t very nice. I’m off!”
Jacs xxx
The first time I saw her was in the rising light of a mid-summer's day. We had arranged a day together by telephone, and I remember the flutters that continued to float through the rising eddies of a clear blue sky as the gentle hum of the car whirred - promises to come. I saw her through the doorway in a crowd of relatives, and I knew instantly that - well, that was it. Her smile opened my heavens and her eyes - well they danced with the lightness of a rising heat. We headed to the car and wound our way slowly to a beach, sand and ocean, shade and light. When we slid from the car after that relaxing drive, we had a melting moment. We held each other for the very first time - and remain in that embrace today. I remember we were exactly the same height and her hair smelt of ripe peaches. Her breasts pressed agianst my chest and the contours of her body arched and bowed with mine. We have melted in the rises and falls of every crevice of our bodies every moment since.
Well we must do something about that. I am in celebratory mood. I would like to offer a give away as a shameless way of getting more comments. I do so very love them you see. Well nice ones that is. Seen a few crappy ones this week. Mostly anonymous lurkers that pop up and assassinate perfectly lovely sweet people on sweet cooking and making blogs.Now that's all I am going to say as it courts fury and that is not what this blog is about. Its only crochet and crafts, a few mostly blurry photos and some drivel.
This version of Batman is pretty good. It has a different story from all the other Batman stories and a new villain. But it has really no back story to it. Can you really call this part of the “new 52”? Anyone who doesn’t know who Batman is or the back story on him is going to pick this up and ask “what the hell is going on and who is this crazy guy in a bat costume?" But from the perspective of someone who has read Batman before and knows the back story, it’s a great read. It’s a fresh new problem for Batman to overcome. So my advice, if you haven’t read Batman, don’t read this as a start. Go back and read some actual origin stories of Batman.
First I marinated a chicken portion in some home made hot chilli sauce. I cut some slits in the flesh as well to ensure that the firey kick worked its way through the meat.
For those occasions that I have a super-sugar craving, my boyfrend and I have come up with something called “splitting the calories”. It’s simply sharing, really, but only of calorie and sugar-rich foods. So whenever I take a dessert, he winces and makes faces, but still eats half, just for me. Lucky him he has a fast metabolism and no sweet tooth…
In this world there are many beautiful gardens to visit. I am fortunate to have many in my own backyard as you may say. I will explore some of my favorite ones in future postings.
“What do we have?” I asked and to check I had to untangle the caul from around his legs.
Back to the kitchen.... (mental state: furious with self)
You will also need to know what you will be growing, is it for several types of plants, or one in particular. are you growing garden vegetables, flowers, or fruit trees. each of these take a different PH level for perfect growth. there is some overlap on most plants so if you can find a happy medium then this is what you will shoot for. If your soil test to the acidic side you can apply lime to the soil to raise the alkaline levels. too much alkaline is harder to treat but can be done with the application of sulfur.
Medium colour. A closed nose, with a fresh but ripe raspberry fruit on the palate. Very elegant with some balancing acidity.
Time to pray and ask for guidance. No doubt I will be welcomed back to Sarasota with open arms and potential opportunities there. Am I ready? Really ready to return? This is where the reflection will focus.
Bingo. For all but a very few of us, our so-called choices to opt in or opt out are largely a matter of circumstance. One of them is a workplace that is often inhospitable to women and/or dual career families. Another is a social culture that still gives women ownership of the second shift. A third might be the reality check when we realize that when we bought into the “have it all” mantra, we were sold a bill of goods.
Among the cats and dogs
we lash out at ourselves
Raoul, designed, directed and performed by James Thiérrée. La Compagnie du Hanneton/Junebug, Perth Festival. Adelaide Festival Centre, Adelaide Festival, March 1-6.
The Opposition in the other hand claims that they will minimize or get rid of corruption and will rule the government with more accountability and transparency. Opposition also have promised that tolls will be removed on their victory.
In fact, we would not see daylight for more than 24 hours. The plan was to arrive in Afghanistan after dark and leave before daybreak. As we descended steeply to the runway at Bagram Airfield, again, all inside cabin lights were turned off.
Every line on his hand he had put there himself. He had begun aged six with a felt-tipped pen, which his mother had kept in a box with his first pair of shoes and a tooth.
An OG called me a Queen…:-)
You’ve never introduced me.
And run without fear
1/3 cup canola or vegetable oil
As the session drew to an end, and I can't remember how the conversation began, we started talking about covers. They were all library monitors and big readers so they knew what they were talking about.
move a skewer back and forwards through mix to marble
Needless to say, part of me is wondering whether or not graduation will give me time to process all the information that is not being absorbed into my brain. Reading stuff at a slower pace and having time to understand it sounds so pleasant!
Amari has been a good eater her so far. She tries new things and surprises us by enjoying things like Wasabi Seaweed. Although she initially made faces at it and tried to wipe her tongue clean, after a few moments she said, "More. More," ate some and said, "Tickles."
MacBain, 44, was raised a conservative Southern Baptist. Her dad was a pastor and she felt the call of God when she was 6. She had questions, of course, about conflicts in the Bible, for example, or the role of women. She says she sometimes felt she was serving a taskmaster of a God, whose standards she never quite met.
1/2 cup orange juice
Peggy Noonan, thinking she’s off-microphone, laments the “bullshit” selection and stunt of choosing Sarah Palin. Charles Krauthammer, a week after Palin is chosen, writes quite candidly of how Palin undermines McCain’s argument against Obama. David Gergen continues to be stunned at why McCain would choose someone who ignites the base but doesn’t seem to reach a significant number of people in the middle.
Knickers - panties. Is that what Americans call them?
3. Nature - Seasons
He said yes, thinking he wouldn't have to buy me one for a long time.
At least I have my book launch dress. Or two depending on the weather and the riskiness of the occasion. On Friday myself and the Facebook teen daughter journeyed up north to a designer friend's outlet and gorged ourselves on clothes, bags and shoes. How sinful, how delicious.
Speak will I of the other things I saw there.
I was responsible for brokering and managing the relationships between partners and delivering the marketing platform for the event. This included a website detailing the events and how to book, a printed event guide with a distribution network of more than 15,000 digital professionals, media relations and PR.
"Then how do you explain all the Abnegation children?" Tobias raises his eyebrows.
Stylish Invicta Watches for Discerning Men and Women
Thankfully, the political patriarchy of Aurore Dupin’s times are not among my present day challenges.
You become what you eat.
“We’ve been playing lots of local venues, The Sugarmill and The Underground. Joe (lead singer) brings his college mates down and people know about us through word of mouth. We also use myspace to get our songs heard.”
11-Phantoms-Telstar.mp3
“I know of your purpose here,” The centaur repeated, shaking his magnificent head so that his hair danced around him. “And I shall take you to where it grows.” He spoke no more, but broke into a canter and Alice found herself drifting heavily into a sleep despite her not being in the least bit tired. She could not keep her eyes open.
I got it at Target, but they sell them at all stores like that. At least they did before we got the ton of snow. Now they're selling bathing suits and despite the fact that it's below 0 and snowy outside, I can't find a new winter coat for my daughter to save my life.
When the computer goes black, hit the power button.
1. They are looking in the wrong places. It is truly rare when a loving relationship based on shared intellectual passions and respect is born from a meeting at a club. Everyone there makes the assumption that everyone else is a player. And being actors they have both perception and fame-whores working against them. So, if these guys are searching the clubs for the future Mrs, they are probably going to be finding drunk 23 year old girls rolling the dice at STD roulette instead.
73. Hiram Clegg, together with his wife Emma and four friends of the faith from Randolph Junction, were summoned by the Spirit and Mrs. Clara Collins, widow of the beloved Nazarene preacher Ely Collins, to West Condon on the weekend of the eighteenth and nineteenth of April, there to await the End of the World. —Robert Coover, The Origin of the Brunists (1966)
Remember when I said that I'd share a more personal post soon? Well, Roger from A Screed in Time left me without an excuse to continue procrastinating. Our task this week is to write about our summer plans. Hey, that's what I wanted to write about anyway!
The bird flu that has spread among poultry in Asia for several years now can be deadly, but it rarely sickens people. And people generally catch it from chickens and ducks, not from other people. Scientists have worried that as virus strains mix in nature, they could produce a deadly bird flu that transmits easily from one person to another. That could set the stage for a flu pandemic.
down a light base of color, and apply more colors as you work. Applying transparent layers of color
there is this guy, called Stephen O'Toole, who is really exciting me very much with the things that he is writing. he has a chapbook out which i believe you can get for free (which is a very good price) from his website here. if you have, at any point, enjoyed anything i have written, then you should definitely get a copy of his chapbook.
Metal detecting is a very exciting hobby. It is like treasure hunting because you can discover relics, old coins, valuable mementos, and some precious metals too that have been accidentally discarded by previous owners.
The pre-packaged ones come with 5, and I wanted more so I made more. We have not even had the baby shower yet and already I have two Rubbermaid totes of clothes for our little guy- I want to be able to see what we have and what we need quickly. It only took one 12x12 sheet of vinyl (a 12x24 sheet is $1.89 at Expressions Vinyl) to make all of my labels, and about 20 minutes of cutting time. Once they were cut off, I peeled them off and stuck them on. I made my letters one inch in size, so you could easily see the sizes inside of the closet. Because they were vinyl and self stick, I didn't need to worry about gluing them down. Then I added a coat of Mod Podge at the top to seal everything in and they were done! Now, we just need to get hubs to clear his junk out of the Bean's closet, and I can get to work painting and organizing. Here's hoping it won't wait until after the little guy arrives??
I was a complete wreck the first time I went to see you. I didn’t know how I’d react, I didn’t know if seeing me would upset you, and I didn’t know what I would do if I looked you in the eyes and saw that you WERE NOT ok. I seriously drove down for that main reason – to look you in the eyes and make sure you were ok. An added bonus when I got here was to make you smile and laugh. I would drive twice as far to do that for you.
The library receives no federal funding and relies on memberships, donations, and a secondhand shop to survive.
B) Oh my God you guys, this is like, so sad
Think of it not as wanting to cast faster, but as wanting to heal faster and more efficiently.
It wasn’t even like it took a lot of effort. The white strips were relatively inexpensive compared to other treatment and I used them at night while reading or watching TV. I went on YouTube one day I had some extra time and found a new way to braid my hair that I love and works well for my haircut. I only exercise for a half hour three or four times a week. That’s not a lot of time, but it’s enough to make me feel better (it’s a health thing, and the rest is just a really nice bonus). The skin products were a different type than what I normally bought, but nothing special. I needed new clothes as my old ones no longer fit and looked worn. I’m transitioning from being a college student to a full-time employee (weird). That means my whole wardrobe has to change over the next few years.
1. Ragazzi Bianchi
5-4-3-2-1 One Legged Bent Over Perfect Row
Spread evenly in baking pan, from center outward.
I thought that it is a game show, or maybe some sort of kids-oriented movie/novel, but of course, the “hunger” in the title means “survival.” People have to kill each other to snatch the necessities needed in life. Well, it should be taken note that it’s really very much hard to be a tribute. You have to kill one another to survive.
little SPUNKY-----When NCTC installed a live cam---it was
I looked down and there they were, chickens walking around the garden.
Mr Anwar issued a statement indicating that the fight would continue He stated that he had asked the High Court to suspend the appeal process pending the Strathclyde Police investigation into matters including the testimony of certain witnesses at the trial.
Love......Fun Lamps!
We sit on scooters recycled into chairs for foreigners who think they have found the centre of the world here by the canal and we drink cans of stella.
Goal achievement must command the same dedication. If your garden needs weeding, then take an action to achieve that no matter how small the action. Do it even if you're depressed. If you want to write a book, then write every day even if it's only 100 words. Set a quota and meet it even if you're sick, depressed, homesick, or ecstatically happy.
Or e-mail to : hrd.recruitment@indikaenergy.co.id
As of 2011, he can still be found touring the country performing his hits. All those teenage girls from 30 years ago are now well into their 40′s so you know where to go if you are looking to spend 2 hours with thousands of screaming housewives.
Smith devotes several paragraphs to my work, calling me “one unknown man.” (Hey, what happened to “obscure”? Anyhow, some know me as the "Mad Overkiller.")
Indian prisoners repatriated from Pakistan jails in 2004 revealed that Surjit Singh was still alive and languishing in a Pakistan jail. Seven years later, the family’s endless wait for Surjit to return continues.
Foo Fighters, Coldplay, the Strokes Arctic Monkeys, Blink 182, Paolo Nutini, Swedish House Mafia, Two Door Cinema Club, Black Eyed Peas, Tinnie Tempah, The Script, The Vaccines, Beady Eye, Plan B, The Minutes, deadmau5, the National, Beady Eye, My Chemical Romance, Weezer, Pendulum, Primal Scream, Bright Eyes, Imelda May, Eels, Bruno Mars, Jessie J, Calvin Harris, Jimmy Eat World, Friendly Fires, Crystal Castles, House of Pain, Chase and Status, All Time Low, Noah and the Whale, Fight Like Apes, Sven Vath, Hurts, Bloody Beetroots, Jenny and Johnny, Steve Aoki, Crookers, Mona, The Naked and Famous, Ryan Sheridan, Bipolar Empire, Madisun.
Should you provide a hosted bar by the hour, a cash bar or be billed on consumption?
In the meantime, I welcome you to read the archives of my thoughts about my life over the past few years, and to leave your comments as you wish. It will warm my heart to know that you’re still there, dear Reader, and I most certainly will respond to any heartprint that you leave here at Ain’t Life Strange.
Helen - Ramblings of the Doormat
Sexual fetishes are normally played out in the bedroom…or house…or some private space. Wherever it may be. What probably isn’t a good idea is bringing it out in public, and definitely not if it’s a bondage kinda thang.
Are you a previous customer of Baker Buick GMC Cadillac? If so, you should have received a postcard with a complimentary $25* toward your next service appointment at our dealership! If you are a previous customer but did not receive this postcard, please give us a call today at (843) 725-7000 to make your appointment, and we’ll be sure to put the complimentary $25 off toward your next scheduled service. Make your appointments today; this special service offer expires May 31, 2012!
Intermediate Documentary Filmmaking
I have tried all sorts, including with and without breadcrumbs and egg- all with excellent results. Photo to follow.
FEMALES IN COMEDY ASSOCIATION (FICA) and the 1st ANNUAL FEMALES IN COMEDY CONVENTION
Jack sent me home with the harp's equipment box -
I thought that Ann Romney story was too good to be true. I even said to Aldine as we were madly rushing to get out of our hotel room and I was posting the story, “It’s too good to be true.”
Stamps: Little Lambs, and can't remember what set the sentiment if from at the moment.
16. Dinner at Stine’s apartment! It was very hyggeligt!
VV: First of all I never considered a bottom line ha ha. I started the blog to be and feel productive. I am a writer as well as a designer (and Argentine tango teacher). I think a blog succeeds when you participate in the community of like bloggers that you read day in and day out. This happens via comments and e-mail. I also have my little counter widget, and lots of people I don't know are reading! This is magic to me. I think don't really think any blog fails. Each person has a personal reason for blogging, so who's to say what a success or failure is. Many bloginistas are getting press now. Is that success? Not necessarily, magazines have always had a constant need to fill pages. And now that one after one is closing down, they are trying anything to stay alive, including courting bloggers, who once held the image of being pathetic journal scribblers living in their pajamas. Times have certainly changed! I think bloggers now are qutie the glam and stylish and accomplished lot of women and men.
Jeans and bag from Dorothy Perkins, Jacket from River Island, Tunic and shoes from Topshop, Belt from primark. It's a head to toe high street ensemble today!
- some Americans were forced to dig a trench to bury alive sick Filipinos
Dreadnought is the literary equivalent of what Will Smith's Wild Wild West could have been only with better characters and more believable action. The center piece of the story is the titular train the Dreadnought, which Mercy can't seem to get away from no matter how far she travels. This train is a character unto itself. You can feel the train fighting back during the battles more so than some of the soldiers it transports. This behemoth of a train feasts upon amour and is equipped more heavily than today's Tanks. You haven't read anything like Priest's train battles.
TLD Investments LLC
Reno Smith: Sort of unpredictable, too. Got a temper like a rattlesnake.
Born William Drayton on March 16, 1959, rapper and reality television star Flavor Flav emerged in the late ’80s as the humorous hypeman of Public Enemy and then reinvented himself in the 2000s thanks to VH1′s reality series The Surreal Life. Raised in Freeport, Long Island, he was a self-taught prodigy on the piano but petty theft and burglary charges meant his teen years were spent dodging the department of corrections. After dropping out of high school in his junior year, music came back into Flav‘s life when he began hosting a college radio program with Carlton Douglas Ridenhour, the man who would soon become Chuck D. With DJ Terminator X and squad leader Professor Griff they would form Public Enemy, a group that in 1987 would change rap forever when its debut album, Yo! Bum Rush the Show, was released on the Def Jam label. With “stunna shades” hiding his eyes and over-sized clocks hanging off his neck, Flavor Flav played court jester to the stern and cold Chuck D. It was a formula that would work for the next 20-plus years, withFlavor occasionally becoming the center of attention with tracks like “Too Much Posse,” “911 Is a Joke,” “Can’t Do Nuttin’ for Ya Man,” and “Cold Lampin’ with Flavor.”
i wait before cautiously opening one eye
They still relied on grids!
Probably. It has an interesting cast, and interesting premise, and is different from just about every other comedy out there. I do have concerns about the premise being sustainable.
9) Slowly but firmly pull the pencil back out of the machine.
And into that sacred silence
Kid: Can you make bread during the day while you're home?
No. 2, is there a formal or institutionalised expression of disbelief? I’m not sure is that even makes sense as a sentence, let alone a concept. “I solemnly swear on this book which means nothing to me that I believe none of its contents” doesn’t really work, there is no basic or fundamental belief system lurking behind the facade of atheism, despite the similar opinions of those who call themselves atheists (more on that later).
And hurry! Send me on my way!
Been in trouble with the law,
The character of Arthur Terrall has remained rather enigmatic throughout this story. We knew that he and Ruth Maxtible were an item (either engaged or courting) and that The Daleks obviously had some sort of control over him. Perhaps this was David Whitaker’s version of The Robomen. Terrall appeared to be the victim of some sort of post-hypnotic suggestion or mind control. Every time he tried to act counter to The Daleks’ will, he heard their voices droning on and on “obey.” I was never quite able to discern his part in this plot, but I found out in episode five. He was supposed to fight Jamie. This is a seven part story, and it is feeling a bit long. I’m sure Whitaker felt similarly, so Terrall was created to lurk in the background until it was time for Jamie to have to fight him. Seems a good enough use for a character. I almost expected a reveal that Terrall was a 1960s version of Bracewell from Victory of the Daleks, but it seems he was just a human under Dalek control.
Carter’s historical reconstruction includes discussions of Revelation, 1 Peter, and Acts 19, after which he concludes that:
Lots of haul I got there, right?
By way of illustration, and with the benefit of hindsight, let us look in some detail at the reaction to the DA's decision to remove from their press statement mailing list the Sowetan journalist, Anna Majavu.
To keep some of you snoops hanging around, however, the University has a new College of Film. I’ve been working on it in bits and pieces throughout the summer and, now that its reached 50 movies, I think it’s ready for unveiling. You may praise, ridicule, laugh, or snort at my choices, but I don’t give a crap—nothing can make me un-like them.
Defending the indefensible is a role that the Catholic Church has had to become sadly very comfortable with after the heinous crimes that some priests exercised on their victims. The most obvious exception of course has been the recently censored, Fr. Brian D’arcy.The institution was once again rocked last night as many viewers saw the BBC documentary that claimed clergy members including Cardinal Brady knew about widespread abuse dating back as far as 1975.
Slice the avocados in half and remove the seed….scoop out the insides into a medium bowl. I like to slice avocados in the shell b/c I think it’s easier to mash up once in the bowl – just take your knife a three of four times lengthwise through the flesh (careful not to go through the skin) and then again the opposite direction. It should look like this:
A smile, a chuckle, a giggle, a hug, a jump, a skip, a dance, a song… with love.
Applying the CAFC's American Fertility test for the genericness of phrases, the Board recognized that a finding of genericness requires a showing that the subject phrase "as a whole" is generic (and not just the constituent words). It found that the PTO's evidence sufficed to establish that "NUTRITION BULLETIN, as a whole, is and would be understood by purchasers to refer to the genus of services at issue here."
*This has nothing to do with food. Or running. Or biking. Or yoga. It revolves around a new fluffy baby in the house so only read if you love cats.
Ugh, more cramping. But it is not severe - not even close. I am trying not to panic....
If we hadn't cleaned them, our bare feet would be walking on all that dirt and grime (and not just our dirt and grime, OTHER people's dirt and grime, double ew.). And not only that, our little girl could eventually be crawling all over it. Come on now, that's just wrong. So please, rent a carpet cleaner from Kroger or whereever you can in your region and do the carpets. You'll feel better if you do.
Word of mouth: 26
This travelogue by John Steinbeck is very close to my heart, not because of great writing but due to the idea of such a travel. Literature wise, many of his other books like “East of Eden” are really great, but “Travels with Charley: In search of America” makes you crave for such a journey. During the end of his career, he took a road trip in a specially designed camper named Rocinante along with his French Standard poodle “Charley” around the United States. This book is the story of that journey.
Penang Press Club
A rumor goes around school about an abandoned amusement park and a magician who lives there that can make someone disappear for good. Yoon Ai, a very smart girl in her class, struggles to feed herself and her sister everyday. She just wants to become an adult faster so that she can escape from the poverty and the reality of her current situation. One day, her life changes as she meets a childish magician who asks her: “Do you believe in magic?”
Calling all knitters!
Body Scrubs are full of natural exfoliating ingredients with a little unrefined oils and butters, so you get the benefit of exfoliation first but leaves your skin nice and moisturized when you are done.
As you can see our new puppy Talin has grown as is now bigger than Willow, but that does not stop her from doing anything. We are blessed to have such lovely dogs who love being out and about whatever the weather.
The first Vintage Marketplace was held in February in Nashville, and it did not disappoint – and many of those vendors will be joining us as well! Here’s my post from Nashville: “To Market, To Market…the Vintage Marketplace in Nashville”
Combine everything together in a food processor except for the walnuts which you will chop up. Stir in the walnuts and any starch that is needed to keep it from becoming to thin or gummy, but don't let it get too thin either. Lightly fry on both sides and then bake at 450 degrees to keep extremely crunchy - to be sure, make sure that you only use about four tablespoonfuls of the batter for each patty.
There's a word for that kind of person.
When I was satisfied with her I added some highlights with Copic Opaque White - it's actually paint. I made the whites of her eyes whiter (some bleeding from the blacks had occurred) and gave them highlights.
When I was a little girl I was obsessed with anything "cowboy". I had complete outfits! My Grandma would play along with me pretending we were characters from The Rifleman show...it was awesome.
7. Reward good work. For any organisation to be vibrant and vital, it is important that good people are rewarded by offering them better increments, promotions and being put on the fast track for movement up the organisational ladder. That helps to ensure that as they progress, there will be increasingly better people at the top.
One of the weirdest parts about working at a year round school was working when none of my shows were on. I’m a routine person. I’m used to working (or going to school in my past) and knowing on certain days that I had one of my shows to look forward to. When I was in college, watching shows with my roomies was always so much fun.
BEST ORIGINAL SCORE FOR A FANTASY/SCIENCE FICTION/HORROR FILM
“What took you so long? Where is Akshay?”
I do guys too but prefer the women(less hair u know).
When 290 degrees has been reached, quickly dump in the peanuts, bacon pieces, and butter. Stir quickly to incorporate. Now just as quickly, dump in the vanilla, salt, and baking soda. It will bubble up so be careful. Stir until it stops foaming and quickly (carefully too) pour the molten hot mass onto your prepared cookie sheet and let it spread out. Do not use a spatula or the spoon to smooth it out because it will deflate the brittle.
We originally used baby socks the girls had grown out of. Our girls have grown (as children do) and so have the number of times they bump a head, slam a finger or have a belly ache. We have since moved onto adult sized socks. We just made a new Boo Boo Sock because our youngest is in the "me too" phase. So if Lu needs Boo Boo Sock so does Em. We keep ours in the freezer.
Channon was kept alive longer than Christopher, being used as a sex slave for four days during which she was repeatedly beaten, sodomised and raped before being forced to drink bleach, after which she was murdered and her body dumped in the garbage.
Dr. KL Heong, Coordinator of Region VIII: Southeast Asia of IAPPS. International Rice Research Institute, Philippines.
But believe that God can restore your marriage. He can make it even more intimate than it was before. He can take you to new heights together. But it's a process that takes time, and will inevitably have some setbacks. That doesn't mean you're not progressing; just be patient, rely on God, and believe that you can reach the other side together.
Winner of the Leeds Book Award 2009 age 11-14 category.
1 permuting
A quick investigation (I clicked on the embedded video) revealed that the video has, indeed, been pulled from the internet – and presumably everywhere else. My immediate reaction was similarly two-fold:
The quiz has heats in New Zealand, the United Kingdom, South Africa, Canada and China, winning teams qualify for national and world finals.
Welcome to My Friday Five - Easter Edition
I recently got the chance to talk to Sarah Scott about her role in renowned silent film, ‘The Artist’. Here, Sarah talks about what it was like working with the cast and crew on-set and which three people she would invite to dinner…
Yes, 10 ounces. On pretzel rolls.
February, how does that sound? Good. Universe, nothing is happening in February, mkay? Sweet.
wake up and feel the heat of their own making.
It’s time that GP’s and all areas of the medical profession said enough is enough, no longer will we support the government sponsored attack on some of the most vulnerable members of society, the medical profession will no longer support the vilification of the terminally ill, disabled, it’s time you all stood by your oaths, “Do no harm”, If you can’t follow that principle, you may as well call it a day.
www.cyberbullying.ca
Since Saturday, fans have also been turning up at the Reebok Stadium (Bolton) and White Hart Lane (Spurs) to lay flowers, cards, and shirts bearing messages of support. A minutes applause has also been given for Muamba before each premiership game since. As I watched this it struck me that these were the same rituals that football uses when commemorating the life of a player after his death. Fabrice Muamba was still, and is still alive. Surely we should have different rituals for those who are sick and ill?
Well I can only speak as an actor and to those wanting to pursue acting I’d say prepare yourself craft wise. Make sure you have good training and that you truly love acting, because even with those two factors in place it is incredibly difficult to survive in this industry, I’d say that without them it would be nearly impossible to build a sustainable career.
It's time for another round of character tweets, in which The Summer of No Regrets author has been posed the question: If your characters had twitter accounts, what would the feed look like to their followers.
Chuckawalla Valley State Prison (CVSP) Correctional Officer David Matthews, Correctional Officer Andre Templer, Sergeant (Sgt.) Paul Ayala, Sgt Melecio Madrid, Lieutenant Courtney Horne, and Registered Nurse (RN) Mara Winsick were en route to work for third watch and assisted at an accident scene.
Reasons Project Management is awesome:
and hopefully making it neater and more inviting!
Has run and coached programs at the collegiate level as well as coached elite level athletes. He understands athlete development and their needs at every level including the elite level.
I have documented some rather good ones and have enough for a post.
Mean nothing.
No, by jewelry and the darkside, we are not referring to Darth Vader's dusky support of theanization. Yet, the intent of jewelry inspired by Anakin Skywalker, the Sith and his Monarch reliable is inviting. Here, if you suppose writer nigh the likes of Morticia Addams of the Addams pedigree, then you're on the faction itinerary. Fount jewellery is the typewrite of adornment that the likes of her would last: mystical, ruminative, yet dandified. Viewed this way, jewelry and the darkside sure can go collaborator in side.
The image I used is from Lili of the Valley and was very quick to colour in with my Promarkers. I die cut it and layered it onto some kraft. The gingham paper is by Pink Petticoat and I found it printed already in my scraps box. The sentiment is also by Pink Petticoat. I added a ribbon from my stash and a vintage button and lots of flowers from my stash. I finished with some pearl pins and some stick on pearls.
After you stop giggling, after you get your mind out of the gutter, you'll see It's actually cute. It is HORNED, yes. It doesn't eat small children,or cute fuzzy animals, in fact IT is quite patient with those sticky little things. IT does eat reality TV personality's, bimbos and himbos (want to know something hilarious that I got a spelling error for himbo but NOT for bimbo), that have had plastic surgery that gives them the appearance of a bullfrog in the lip area, cannot move their eyebrows, cannot close their eyes and/or cannot sink. (You know there just seems to be alot of these supposedly "real" ones around on tv lately, which is hilarious because other than the fact that they are REAL MORONS, there isn't anything real about them). It sometimes will go after door to door magazine salespeople, you know the ones...the salespeople that don't see the NO SOLICITING sign, I can't tell you why.
The woman asked for the incident to be documented but declined to prosecute. The man apologized.
Ref: Photography, Joy Roy Choudhury
Not to make anyone jealous but we got 2 tents (one is 10x20!), a nice, large cooking stove with accessories, a kitchen complete with a kitchen sink :), a shower WITH hot water, a giant shade screen to fit around our picnic table and kitchen to avoid bugs, 2 double high air mattresses with sleeping bags that convert to a bed set so you aren't squished into a narrow sleeping bag, plus a host of other things. Yep I was going to be camping in style and getting prepared at the same time, or so I thought.
Why have these contracts the Govt has with Calder Hart/Sunway not been suspended or cancelled? after all the OPV contracts were reviewed cancelled quick quick on the grounds that it wasn’t in the country’s best interest.
‘Let us immediately say once more what we have already said a hundred times, for today’s ears resist such truths…man, unadorned and without metaphor, among the animals…’ This, well established but ill appreciated even today, but N- will continue to remind us, and in his opinion not merely animals, but ‘herd’ animals. Slightly more controversial, but I think that is pretty well accepted (by those who count) too. ‘Morality in Europe today is herd animal morality…‘ N- argues that there are other types, ‘higher’ types of course, of morality, but that of his Europe was exclusively a herd version, engendered by a religion that ‘indulged and flattered the most sublime herd-animal desires…the Christian movement.’ And, arising as the political arm of the Christians, are the proponents of democracy, ‘they are at one, the lot of them, in their faith int he community as the savior, in short, in the herd…’ But, luckily, there is an alternative, ‘We have a different faith; to us the democratic movement is not only a form of the decay of political organization but a form of the decay, namely the diminution of man, making him mediocre and lowering his value. Where, then, must we reach without hopes? Toward new philosophers; there is no choice; toward spirits strong and original enough to provide the stimuli for opposite valuations…to each man the future of man as his will, as dependent on a human will…’ It is tragic that for many ears in 2012 N- will be infected with an association with Nazism. I do not read him that way at all, but I can understand based on language such as this, how some people could. But I think a position, even acceptable to many of the herd of my peers, could be derived as well; A message that even today might be considered as ‘positive’. That what happens to us, and through our power to the very biosphere at least, is up to us, and we can remake the universe to our will, not to shrink from this, to have a Nietzschean ‘bravery’ and ‘strength’ and accept the challenge. To ‘stop the buck’, rather than pass it on to ‘god’ or to ‘society’ but to be the explorers of our own path, following what we will the world to be. To, ‘put an end to that gruesome dominion of nonsense and accident that has so far been called “history”…’
Schrader SM. 2-Bromopropane: Adverse Human Reproductive Health Effects Trigger Animal Studies. Presented at Gender Differences in Reproductive Biology and Toxicology. Tucson Arizona November 10, 2000.
‘I’d be happy with “a” universe,’ Mr God grumbles, successfully mimicking his wife and covering his side of the kitchen with batter. ‘I think I’ve sorted the Gravity bit out, at least.’
Got back from a weekend of fun and sun with the girls in Langkawi.
Stampin Up sentiment (a fabulous gift from my dear friend Laura) it's simple but embellish with some pearls swirls from Prima Marketing.
Published - 2011
Their eyes locked and he slowly lowered his head. Heart hammering, Emily went perfectly still. But when his lips touched hers, everything faded away but the moment. And in that moment, Emily Jordan tasted heaven for the very first time.
Cubs: in August 2006, 4 cubs were born to the smaller of the lionesses (three males and one female), and this was followed by 2 female cubs born to the other lioness in March 2007. One female was suspected to have had cubs in December 2008, but nothing materialised from this, and the litter born in late April 2009, just off our north-western boundary, were abandoned after the one of the lionesses was killed by the Mahlathini males.
One might surmise that I have failed as a parent when shown evidence of my sons’ apparent inability to wrap gifts. What I see, however, is an extension of my artistic side and creativity. Is this because I know my mother is turning over in her grave because we can’t save the paper that they use for their presents?
And if the sky filled up with clouds of doom
Fighting for survival in a shattered world… the truth is her only hope.
It takes about an hour, maybe two to read, then go back and re-read/skim over some sections.
From the ashes and make a new beginning
Mostly, I take star trail images without moon shine, but in this image I had the 75 % illuminated Moon in my back which is notable in the bright foreground and the blueish looking sky. Trying something different from time to time. I´ve started taking star trail images last year June and this is about my 40th image; most of them can be found here: http://wernerpriller.photoshelter.com/gallery/STARTRAILS/G00002aJTvGrusco/, while some of them are still waiting “to be dressed”. With an average of about 250 single exposures for one final star trail image, that will make some 10 000 shots in not only one year just for star trails.
Our global capitalist economic system has outstretched our political system. In a balanced scenario government can be used to check the excesses of powerful corporate interests, to protect the public trust and the public interests. Contemporary global capitalism has no such political equal to govern, limit, or moderate its processes or its impact. We are one world, one species, and we need one government to represent our interests, needs, and hopes for the future.
Native Arabic speakers have difficulty WITH: the P sound (which does not exist in Arabic), the American R (that one, I believe, periodically causes aneurysms for many non-native English speakers trying to learn the language. It’s a rrrreal killer), and the “th” sound, both voiced and unvoiced (which I actually don’t get, because those exact same sounds DO exist in Arabic: ث and ذ; but hey, I sound like an idiot when I try to speak Arabic, so who am I to judge?). Anyway it’s great fun, because I learn a lot of Arabic, we both practice French, and I get to discover over and over how FIDDLY the English language is.
Based on this and The Day of the Locust, West is a writer with a style that will take some getting used to if you go into his works expecting "realism." West isn't afraid to blow up realistically grounded scenarios into something near-mythic in scale; thus the apocalyptic finish of The Day of the Locust, though that certainly didn't come out of nowhere. Miss Lonelyhearts likewise becomes much more than the story of the titular newspaper advice columnist's internal struggle of trying to maintain optimism amidst extreme disillusionment; that internal struggle eventually acquires grand religious overtones, as if Miss Lonelyhearts was trying to move Heaven and Earth to hold onto his belief in the goodness of people and of life. It's also often bitterly funny and ironic, which is partly why West is able to get away with his deliberate overscaling. How much of it is meant to be taken seriously? Maybe some of it. Maybe none of it. The fact that we can't always tell is part of what makes West's novella such a fascinating read.
ENO
Later, after the murders, England updated his page: “I do believe it just mite be the time to call it quits... I'm done. If something does happen tonite, be ready for another funeral.”
-Heart vases for our centerpieces
Here are the PDF translations of the famous Siraj-ul-Tawarikh.
The jute rug is actually a leopard print rug that I found at Hobby Lobby on clearance for $26.00. I just flipped it over to display the natural back side.
The film was directed by first-time director Amy Heckerling. She would later go on to direct films such as “Look Who’s Talking“, “Clueless“, and “European Vacation“, among many others.
"In short there's simply not, a more congenial spot for happily ever aftering,
It's astonishing how fast this month went by now that I look back on it.
This is not what I bought over the weekend, but I got this few months back so I thought I post it. I just LOVE this dress from Emersonmade (now Emerson Fry). I know it's simple, but seriously I cannot find this anywhere else. The length is perfect as I'm not even that tall (5'4) and oh..it has pockets too. By the way I had to wear cami with this dress because the hooks keep unhooked itself in the process and many times revealead my bra and that's not very classy hehe.
The Acer Aspire One 8.9-Inch Netbook – A Quick Review
6+: Goldnight redeemer(W)
Garlic minced
The question is, did it have to be that way? The perhaps surprising but surely exciting answer is no.
My lovely husband showered me, while I just hung off the shower rail. We did the same thing last time. I'm sure it's not every man's idea of a good time, but he did it, he even shampooed and conditioned my hair for me!!
Talk regularly with your children about their online activities.
Is this everything you wanted?
And I missed this last month, but the blogger at Lavender and Cheese writes about another embarrassing finding that got basically no media attention here – Black women die more from breast cancer than white women, and that’s more true in Memphis, Tennessee than in any of the nation’s other largest cities. In Memphis, a Black woman is more than twice as likely to die as a white woman.
Two years ago one of our social workers discovered six siblings living in a garbage dump outside of a village called Ciudad Vieja in Guatemala. This garbage dump was as close to hell on Earth as any place can be. Looming above it was an active volcano. A fine layer of ash fell like snow from its frequent eruptions.
Mijnbestseller is at a very early stage of its evolution, but where many other services use social networking as a tool, Mijnbestseller is using it as a fundamental part of the development strategy. Much in the way that we are seeing the big publishers launch digital platforms – be it for their own self-publishing imprints, or as a marketing strategy to allow authors to connect (re-connect) with readers.
For the last eight months, I resided in the most free-spirited neighbourhood that Victoria, B.C. has to offer – Fernwood. In my previous post, “No Microwave, No Cable, No Car, No Problem!”, I shared the quirkiness and artsiness found in my home alone! Now I want to share the neighbourhood my house was a part of.
forward motion
Sam’s parents know firsthand how challenging it can be to navigate the US immigration system. After completing his PhD at Penn State, Sam’s father went home to India for a visit. While he was home, he was informed that he would not be able to return to live and work in the US. Sam’s father made a 5am marriage proposal over the phone to Sam’s German mother (His girlfriend at the time) who was living in the US and the rest is history- Sam assured me that despite the dramatic proposal, his parents are still together and are living “happily ever after”. Sam remarks, “Quite possibly the US visa system could have resulted in me not being born!”
#7. Phillips Idowu – When your hair is this color you have to be good!
Judgment is falling on rich preachers.
The Levee's changed the original 3 bedroom format to include two large bedrooms, one with large his/her closets and a bathroom that although awkward in its layout, was much larger than other bathrooms of the day. A smaller, L-shaped room which is now my home office served as Mr. Levee's office, and a 4x4 room that Scott commandeered as his shoe and coat closet when we moved into the house, was Mrs. Levee's sewing room.
With the floors cleaned (including the patio), I concentrated on the comojenes (a form of termite). These little guys start from the ground and work their way up the exterior wall; cross over to an interior wall and continue till they reach the ceiling.
If you experience allergic reactions or severe skin reactions to your bedbug bites, see your doctor for professional treatment.
When Gerald MacGrath wins the 1962 (?) Enderton Cup, turning his horse into a national treasure, he has no idea he's stepping from the winner’s circle into a showdown between the horse’s new American owner and the Queen of England.
Long before you are through.
Meanwhile, Minister in the Prime Minister’s Department Datuk Seri Nazri Aziz, when contacted, confirmed that there was a proposal for settlement out-of-court.
Battle of the Bulbs ... Hallmark Channel ... 12 AM
The bestest part of scoring these super cute shoes??? They were only $25.00 each!!! Bananas, right?!?
All aspects of global warming legislation and spending programs must be utterly reversed if we are not going to see huge losses of life and the disruption of entire economies.Alan is like a trauma surgeon in an ER, except that instead of giving the patient oxygen and starting an IV of Ringer's Lactate and D5W while yelling "Stat!", he blows cigarette smoke in her face and gives her a shot of DDT.
“One day, we’ll look back on this life from Heaven,” shares Gaines. “We’ll look at all that we went through down here, and we’ll say ‘Is that it? Is that what we went through?’ And we’ll say that it’s fine with us—that everything God allowed was okay. And it will be beautiful.”
Along these same lines, it is the supporting cast that makes Bad Teacher fun, not the leads. Cameron Diaz is inconsistent as the burnout educator, relying more on sex appeal than anything else. Lucy Punch tries too hard to get laughs at too many points in the movie, wearing out her character’s welcome early on. Justin Timberlake gives the worst performance of the whole lot, and seems to be mocking a caricature instead of creating a living, breathing character. Seeing Timberlake grow as an actor from Alpha Dog to The Social Network has been incredible, but Bad Teacher is a major step backward for him. Hopefully this is an anomaly, and not a new trend for Timberlake.
5. iPad Apps for Autism: A Spreadsheet of Reviews and Recommendations – Created by Shannon Des Roches Rosa with review contributions by Corina Becker and Communication Therapy’s Jordan Sadler, the Spreadsheet was noted in the New York Times Gadgetwise blog as one of the best sources of excellent apps online!
This illustration is taken from an old copy of ‘One Thousand and One Nights’, a book presented to my mother as prize when she was a schoolgirl, and eventually given to me. I always loved the stories it contained with the adventures of Aladdin, Ali Baba and Sinbad, but I was captivated most of all by the picture at the front of the book and the promise of magical stories that it represented.
In my never ending quest for blogging clarity (all for you my friends!), I scrounged up this old clip to help Flesh Out the imagery flashing through my mind:
My garden books are sitting next to me asking for attention now. So instead of continuing this obligatory post in my thirty day challenge, I think I'll go to them, and leave you to better surfing and reading.
The photo above, which showed the Paris kitchen of American-born Beatrice Howell Dabney, accompanied a magazine article on lunches served in one's kitchen. Dabney was quoted as saying, "I'm one of those who believe you must not take the food to the dining room but the dining room to the kitchen." While I personally don't think it's appropriate to host formal dinners or lunches in the kitchen, it's perfectly acceptable to serve a casual lunch or dinner there, especially if one's kitchen looks like that of Mrs. Dabney. That said, if you live in warm climates, you might want to nix dining in the kitchen unless you're serving a cold lunch or supper. The heat that the oven throws off might make kitchen dining a tad bit uncomfortable during the summer.
This was a bad week for sustainable laundry. I moved out of my house last week, was homeless for the weekend, and am now living at some friends’ house. Though I brought my line with me and my friends are very accommodating, I just didn’t think immediately stringing up a clothesline in their backyard was very guest-like (and I was lazy). However, I did wash the load in cold water and I dried it on low. After drying on low I was expecting my clothes to come out of the dryer pretty damp, but they weren’t! I was surprised how dry they got. Maybe that high heat setting is overkill?
They’re also currently in talks with Door County schools to start similar programs.
The repairman who came to my house last week told me that he'd have to order the part. Perfectly understandable that they wouldn't keep replacement parts on hand, them being an appliance repair service and all. He said it should be in by Saturday or at least by Monday. I hadn't heard anything from them, so I gave a call this afternoon and asked when they were expecting to get the part in stock. The girl on the other end of the phone replied, "Oh, we have that part in stock now." She made it sound like they'd had it forever.
Maybe it’s silly to ask why such an awesome title has nothing to do with the actual movie behind it.
President Obama has managed to match President Bush’s “Mission accomplished” assertion with “The tide has turned” in his recent visit to Kabul, Afghanistan. Predicting the end of armed conflict in the Middle East is a fool’s game because the horizon keeps receding in a region that is more famed for warfare and revolution than anything else.
I'm reprinting the auction here before Ebay takes it down.
Ray Romano ... MANNY
1. Jihad doesn't mean "holy war" it means daily struggle.. .. Ex. helping someone across the street is a form of jihad.
“And then I’ll roast the Xbox and toast it over an open fire!”
that mixture of rain
both the bad kind, and the good kind.
Last night marked our fourth consecutive Morchok H kill (and our first without any deaths or wipes) and thanks to the 20% buff we shaved about 30 seconds of our kill time. Immediately afterwards we went back to work on Yor’shaj H. Even with the buff Yor’shaj continues to give us problems and require a lot of work on our end to succeed. Tonight we will also be working on Ultraxion H for the 3rd week (we have about 8 attempts in so far). Our best attempt was 50% health with 2:30 left for enrage. We are way behind the DPS mark, but most people need time to become comfortable enough with mechanics to reach their max potential in healing and damage dealing, so I’m not terribly concerned.
Remember the optional glass cup?
Then I poked the flower into the jar. The tissue hides the skinny stem.
2.) Put it in a plastic bag.
Google, which falsely portrays itself as a champion of the environment, said in its quarterly stock exchange filing that it had learned of EPA investigations 3 months ago. It said the incident occurred at one of its data facilities.
Bantum smiled broadly and nodded happily. “Chicken, is there something you are not telling us?”
( 400 miles away from me )
an old memory...
Thanks for visiting! This has been SO much fun!
An early and unrelenting skeptic from the days it first debuted in the late 1980s, I rather instinctively knew that the only warming occurring was the same natural warming that always follows a cooling cycle; in this case the warming that began in 1850 after the Little Ice Age that began around 1300.
- Bree (Other details left off the blog for privacy reasons.)
However Anne Barclay, the Festival Manager, is a fast thinking problem solver, and they are going to fix white boards to the joists, giving me a more stable wall to pin the photos to. They will also clear the space around the windows so I should have a bit of natural light.
“We are trying to set up a model of how you can conduct a very high quality prevention of blindness program at low cost and make it sustainable,” said Ruit, the centre’s founder and medical director. “If you can do it in Nepal it can be done anywhere in the world.”
Thanks for sharing, Richard.
Should you encounter any problems, just give us a call and we will retreat any problem areas without additional charge.
You know. Most of the time.
I will answer "nothing".
They pee on the connecting wall, and it's driving me mad.
The problem of homelessness in Wales will only become worse if more funding is allocated to solving it. This is because the more support and funding provided the more an area, like Swansea, becomes a magnet for dossers, junkies, alkies, misfits and criminals. The bottom line is that - due to the Englandandwales framework in which our third sector operates - the better funded our third sector then the bigger the problems will become. Politicians should start waking up to this reality.
I can't recall how much one kilo of white lotus paste I bought last year. Actually we did a bulk order and split among ourselves but I definitely doubt I paid S$22 for one kilo of low sugar white lotus paste.
From God’s perspective, our lives look a whole lot different.
Packed lunches
However, feelings and emotions are related: Every time we have negative emotions we diminish our heart and feelings and therefore we don’t feel so good; whereas when we open our heart we let go of the negative emotions so they are pushed out of our heart, resulting in us feeling happier, lighter, calmer, peaceful and more joyful.
Cause when all's said and done
I can’t solely blame the extreme Right; everybody else seems to want to have a pop as well.
The Thief was followed by its sequels, ‘The Queen of Attolia’, ‘The King of Attolia’, and ‘A Conspiracy of Kings’ and from an impressive start the books just get better and better. One of the many things I admire about them is their sheer intelligence. Lots of devious politics. Lots of twists. Characters do bad things – even cruel things – and yet we find ourselves in a process of learning more and more until we are forced to question our earlier judgements and see the characters differently. Interesting also is the way Megan Whalen Turner moves us away from her hero Eugenides book by book, even while he is still the focus of each. In ‘The Thief’, he is the first person narrator. ‘The Queen of Attolia’ is told in the third person: although Eugenides is still the main character, we see him often through the eyes of others – his close friends, family and enemies. In ‘The King of Attolia’, the point of view is that of the hopelessly straightforward young soldier Costas, completely and comically out of his depth as Eugenides’ unwilling bodyguard. And in ‘A Conspiracy of Kings’, we are back to the intimacy of first person narration – but by an entirely different character. I understand there’s another sequel on the way, and I cannot wait to read it.
Gregory: President Chris Christie says
The denial itself can take several forms. It can manifest itself as the continuing idealization of the psychopath during the luring phase of the relationship or it can be shifting the blame for what went wrong in the relationship from him, the culprit, to ourselves, or to other victims. In fact, the easiest solution is to blame neither oneself nor the psychopath, but other victims. How often have you encountered the phenomenon where people who have partners who cheat on them lash out at the other women (or men) instead of holding their partners accountable for their actions? It’s far easier to blame someone you’re not emotionally invested in than someone you love, particularly if you still cling to that person or relationship.
Picture this in your head: A room full of doors, each one with a different path behind them. Some are shut, names on them being life choices you know are not going to work out or have been closed to you. There are some doors that are open, with the labels being life choices you are considering, and some that you are not. During the course of your life, some of those doors will be shut on you, but one door will always stay open, and that is the door God is wanting you to go through.
A friend of ours in Bangkok sent this over via e-mail and I just had to share it with you!! (sorry if it's grossed you out)
Thirdly, despite the caricatures of stuffy upper class Brit (possibly justified in his early years), Roger Steer has done a good job bringing out his great interest and love for all kinds of individuals. Evangelical ministry is about application of the Word of God to people.
So, with this whole changing of my ways, I decided to go ahead and just dive right on in. I decided that I would give OCM a try. Last night was my first night doing OCM and oh my stars it was HEAVENLY! You start out with castor oil. This is your "cleansing" oil. You add to it a thinner oil. Most people start out with Extra Virgin Olive Oil, but there are other nice alternatives such as sunflower seed oil or jojoba oil, etc. You mix up your blend according to the ratio recommended for you skin type. Then you pour about a quarter-size amount in your hand, rub your hands together to warm it slightly, then begin massaging your face. And there is no need to clean your face beforehand. Actually, it is better if you don't b/c you don't want to over-cleanse. Olive oil has been used by a lot of women to remove make-up (and let me tell you, it works fabulously) so you can do this right on top of your face full of make-up.
I had my first appointment with my OB, Dr. A, on Thursday February 2nd. This is the same OB that I saw when I was pregnant with Jacob and during 2 of my 3 miscarriages (the third miscarriage was handled at the infertility clinic I was going to at the time(.
except. the brie was sliced too thick and so it was like a brie and turkey and sliced apples on ciabatta bread WITH brie-flavored grease. grilled. less nom, more sad.
But somehow
I went and organized my yarn last night because I realized that my knitting projects were getting away all over the apartment. I felt bad for my husband because I literally have yarn and knitting projects everywhere! So, I organized and have come to realize I have a good amount of yarn.
Today she offered her advice to a few listeners, including if a bride make some physical changes to make her fiancé happy! Read the letters below and add any advice you may have!
Preheat oven to 180 degrees C (350 degrees F). Line a baking sheet with baking parchment.
By making your store a “one-stop” shopping experience for those people that would like to accessorize their vehicle, you create one more reason for customers to frequent your dealership!
It was in March, 2011 that NAMA appointed property receivers to a number of properties where Paddy Kelly was seen to be the lead developer, though in fact most of the properties were owned by consortia which Paddy was instrumental in putting together. One of the properties foreclosed was the Smurfit Kappa HQ on Beech Hill Road in Clonskeagh, Dublin 4 (agent’s property details here, agent’s brochure here). Last month , the Irish Times reported that the property was on the market with property services giant, CB Richard Ellis appointed to handle the sale and that it was expected to fetch €10m. Sources have claimed that the building has now been sold for €8m.
1. Baby Daughter – she is 100% dependent on me right now and she must always come first. If that means I skip a snack or miss a mealtime because she needs me I need to remember that she is the highest priority and to NOT beat-up myself that I can’t be a 100% perfect dieter.
NOTE: But charge Joshua, and encourage him, and strengthen him: for he shall go over before this people, and he shall cause them to inherit the land which thou shalt see. Deuteronomy 3:28
Please note: This linky will be open until midnight Saturday!
Well, I left him three weeks ago and that time away from him made me realise how much I love him and I think I can find the strength inside me to forgive him.
Then my husband came to the rescue and said, "Why don't you just add those button things?"
But I know that theyll be gone
I was contacted by VocabularySpellingCity.com and I've been given a premium membership to VocabularySpellingCity.com for a candid, personal, online review. VocabularySpellingCity.com helps students study word lists using 25 different learning activities such as MatchIt Sentences, HangMan, and Word-O-Rama. Parents can create their own spelling lists, find published lists already available on the site, or use any of dozens of free teaching resources on topics such as analogies and compound words.
For the majority of people who’ve rarely, or never, read comic-books, the proliferation of superhero characters in mass media might seem a relatively recent phenonmenon. Yet as any dedicated comic-book fan will tell you, the birth of the superhero dates back to the closing years of the Great Depression, when Superman made his debut in Action Comics No.1, cover-dated July 1938.
The story is about her chasing after an arsonist. Can I say more? Well it has darker undertones and here we learn so much more about this world. Demons, ancient mythology, dragons. It's really interesting and we also learn more about Anya. As she does not know much about her gifts, or curse.
First up is me trying out white space, not sure if it works for me LOL
My Japanese is below beginner-level. It is ABSOLUTE beginner-level. This means I can’t read a damn wrapper, even if I try. So I have NO idea what I’m ingesting. In my defense, I have a good idea of what is made with gluteny ingredients and what’s not, and most everything here is made with rice flour rather than, say, wheat flour, but still.
Albert Finney (The Dresser)
world powers. But the administration of global empires frequently involve difficult policy decisions and some of those made by Britain with relation to her American colonies (particularly taxation policies and the prohibition of settlement west of the Appalachians) will have fateful consequences.
Outskirts Press offers four distinct publishing packages ranging from $199 to $999 with optional services available to each one. The publishing process takes 90-120 days once the manuscript has been submitted and accepted and contract signed. An expedited service is available as with many large POD publishers at $99, though Outskirts Press indicates in their free Self-Publishing Guide that this will reduce the period of time to around 50 to 90 days. Again, the perspective author needs to weigh up whether this extra cost is actually worth it. I have seen several other publishers (Booklocker, previously reviewed) who offer this kind of timeframe as standard. It should also be noted that using any of these expedited services with any POD publishers does not guarantee this timeframe. Bear in mind that the vast majority of sales is on-line, and feeding electronic files information to book databases, including Amazon.com, can take a number of weeks before the book becomes available to the preverbal ‘25000 on-line retailers’. Outskirts Press offers the normal ‘non-exclusive rights’ contract, which means Outskirts have only the right to print and distribute the book on behalf of the author.
"I am of the view that reasonably affordable price has to be construed predominantly with reference to the public."
My Rating: ★★★
Labour? No. See above in terms of interventionist policies. Also, I always considered myself a "natural" Labour voter, if not necessarily a tribal one. Left of centre, from a working class background, and hence feeling all the more betrayed by the last Labour administration in its abandonment of the working classes and social democratic principles to the extent that so many of their policies are barely distinguishable from those of the Conservative.
Tremont Temple Baptist Church will have auditions for Handel’s Messiah on Thursday, May 3rd from 11:00 AM – 5:00 PM and Saturday, May 5th from 1:00 PM – 5:00 PM. The concert will be Sunday, December 9, 2012.
That realization led me to understand another reason that I feel less overwhelmed by this move: I also have a virtual home. The Solipsistic Me is a wonderful community that has let me spread my wings and hone my voice. Michael has been my champion, teacher, and muse. I have always cared about the wider world but — until recently — had limited ways to touch it. Through this vehicle I feel that there is a bit of home awaiting me wherever I go. Thank you, regular readers and commenters for making that true. I hope your weekly visits to my e-maunderings have given you a bit of a home, too.
My writing comes to me first through objects. The domestic clutter that ends up being part of the fabric of the book - both setting and plot. When I think about A Kind of Intimacy I see tins of golden syrup and woodchip wallpaper and kitchen roll with grease spots on, semi detached houses, air-beds and tea-pots. When I think about Cold Light I see television sets flickering in darkened empty rooms, and the way that I can see the blue light from people's televisions moving behind their curtains when I'm walking about at night.
1 wrench
1. Morning Song
Representative Jeb Hensarling, Republican of Texas, pressed the idea that the deficit and government spending need to come down to help create jobs and bolster the economy. “If we’re going to avoid any type of default and downgrade — if we’re going to resume job creation in America _ the president and his allies need to listen to the people and work with Republicans to cut up the credit cards once and for all,” Mr. Hensarling said.
I can imagine the brewers scrambling to fire up their brewing equipment to meet that first pent up demand; it must have been electric! I can also imagine what those first few batches of legal beer probably tasted like as so many breweries rapidly converted from making root beer, malted milk and spark plug parts to churning out cheap beer to sate the masses. I imagine a lot of it sucked.
PTSD won this week; it beat me to a bloody pulp with hate and anger. It left me alone, bewildered, unable to even pick up the pieces let alone start to piece them back together. I must have resembled one of those vacant-in-the-eyes patients in a psych ward, sitting completely defeated staring at a wall for hours, lost in what? Ice cold silence with burning wounds on the inside.
I took my time this morning. Hank wanted a chocolate milk from Starbucks "the chocolate milk store." It was 52 degrees and I was going fishing for a few hours. I could use a dark, burnt coffee. Starbucks sells a lot of those.
October admits this is “like some kind of tragic TV movie,” yet her offhandedness belies deep pain. And when her father “looked like someone had sprinkled broken glass inside his slippers” when October asks about her mother, such that October decides to rephrase her question as a joke, there is just so much going on beneath the humour. I cared for these characters — I wanted to hug them both, and to find out exactly what happened to October’s mother.
who’ll add their name to greatness.
1/4c of baby arugula
So, did I see a living huia that fateful day so many years ago? I’d like to think so, and I still regret the fact, that I did not try to identify the thing at once – then perhaps some other birdwatcher could have gone in and taken a closer look.
08/08/2011 SELL 0.01 usdmxn 12.1198
So all in all, an extremely positive weekend for weddings. HOWEVER, while I was away, I received THE MOST amazing horror stories about OTHER people's wedding experiences! So fear not, entertainment will commence anon.
I am leaving home for Hong Kong again on May 7th. Most of the food I’m planting now will not be ready till I’m gone, and then I’ll miss most of it in its height. The food in our freezers and shelves lined with goods will stay behind while I jump on that plane. I will eat at restaurants every day again, finding little caveats from those meals founded on rice and noodles. Fresh mangoes, yogurt and muesli, Chinese broccoli, salmon and shrimp…
Middlebury is magnificent. The only drawback is the location-far from NYC. Otherwise everything was PERFECT. I loved it. I instantly worshipped the school. I wanted Elsa to accept very badly. Everything was going well, except for our meeting with the soccer coach. We dropped in on him unexpectedly, with no appointment. He was amazingly gracious. He's a lovely man and most likely a very good coach, but he was clearly not interested in Elsa as a potential player at all. He knew nothing about her! Accepting the Posse would have meant Elsa giving up soccer, or playing JV. After so many years of training and preparing, this news was a huge and insulting disappointment and one that Elsa chose not to accept. So that was it.
There are other ways of trading gold, or to proxy it. Others here have discussed their preferences. I love Forex because it’s 24 hours per day 5 days a week, it’s instantaneous entry/exit at low transaction cost. Others feel differently. One thing I like about the Forex account is that, if I so choose, I can get into some other currency pairs. At times, I’ve entered into trades where there has been a huge spike simply based on initial reaction to some news report. I usually stick with gold, but I’ll take an occasional shot elsewhere here and there.
Where necessary, this site uses cookies to store information about a visitor's preferences and history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor with customized content.
a.) Youkilis is “healthy” as the deadline approaches
The first thing I really like about The Stand, is just how real it all seems. That is, King does a good job of describing the spread of the virus in a very natural and believable way. One person just happens to sneak out of the military compound and he eventually crashes his car and infects 5 or so other people (see, I can’t remember how many people were there because, it was 5 or so months ago). We then get little glimpses of those 5 (or so) people, and how the virus spreads out from there. One of the infected people is a police officer, who then infects every single person he pulls over that afternoon. One of those people pulled over happens to be an out of state visitor, who of course infects everyone he comes in contact with on his way back home. It is quite chilling. Especially when you are reading it at the beginning of flu season and everywhere you go people are sneezing and coughing and hacking, and going about their lives. It reminds me of an episode of Scrubs, when you got to see the germs on someone’s hand highlighted in green, and then watch as they touch things and the green spreads…
Is still on his play-business bent.
President, "New Hope for Multiple Sclerosis 2011 Canada Tour"
38. Orange Blossom Special (reprise)
"Similes. They are like metaphors."
2. Cut up the roll of dough into pieces and put in medium-sized bowl.
And, then a slip occurred. A purple boa became entangled around a Cinderella pump. A bit of a domino effect occurred, with dancers landing atop of dancers. Tiaras left their owners and shiny plastic beads spewed across the floor.
No doubt cases like this one go through the courts all the time but my problem is with the way certain media outlets have picked up this story and completely smeared the young man and his family because they believe his parents should pay for his mistake.
“Well anyway, Patrick Swayze played this dance instructor named Johnny Castle at a resort in the Catskills. Jennifer Grey played Baby Houseman, and she was there with her family.” Anna paused for a second and then said, “Hey, I just thought of something. Baby and her family were spending their whole summer vacation away from home, just like you.” (Anna)
Either a) I have experienced a late-onset growth spurt, in which an elongation of my lower spine has increased the distance between my crotch and waist, making it impossible to insert myself into a pair of men's jeans without damaging my genitalia, or b) the corporate couturiers at GAP have decided that I, almost-40-full-time-father-of-one, need to wear my jeans about an inch below the crack of my ass.
Wanita May grew up in the fruit belt of Ontario - St.Catharines. Crazy-happy childhood, she always has had a vivid imagination and loads of energy.
Wooden Bead Alpha:
The Man Who Would be King – Kipling
They danced by the light of the moon.
Bob Seger, Get Out of Denver (Baby Go)
My son Liam, celebrates his birthday on Remembrance Day - November 11. Last year he claimed it was his "luckiest" birthday ever with the date falling on 11.11.11. :) But regardless of it being lucky or not, Liam has always had a deep interest in knowing more about the day itself. Remembrance Day is a favourite subject of his, at school.
It's a nice small size that can fit in anywhere. I think I'll put it in the master bedroom (it works!). There is a streak on the cast iron base that I thought would scrub right off. But it didn't. I wonder if it's some kind of varnish... and using a stiffer remover would also remove the paint. So, I'm leaving it there as a testimony to her hard life.
Meanwhile the Security Chief listens to a voice recording of the War Chief telling the Doctor his true plans to take over, remember from earlier. The Security Chief plays the War Chief the recording of his betrayal and has him taken away. Climactically the Doctor, Jamie, Zoe, Carstairs and the rest of the resistance free the War Chief, get some weapons, enter the War Room and kill all the security guards. The War Chief settles the score when he kills the Security Chief.
When I got to the drugstore, I was overwhelmed by the selection of bandaids…who knew that there were so many options!?
Without further ado, Rachel and I have partnered and decided to do a giveaway on my blog for this amazing bracelet that normally retails for $85!!!!!
Casting in Not A Love Story 2011 Hindi Movie :
into mid-winter’s grip, the dusk crepuscular and very cold,
Weather: Dry and sunny
Call or go online now to help Save the Dragons™!
meanwhile the struggle goes on. I like how Max Keiser put it, very well reflecting the current ongoing events, similar everywhere in the world,
"He was pretty nervous when I found him. He was chewing on his bunny's paw."
have tunnel-vision, because there never was a democracy in the New SA. The ANC is a Marxist-Leninist Regime, a terrorist organisation. No African country has ever had a democracy. Only the Republic of South Africa before 1994 was a democracy. That was the only democracy ever in the history if Africa, but it was a democracy the world and the media did not want, the world and the media wanted a Marxist-Leninist Terrorist ANC Regime in power, so they could more easily lay their
*sniff*
This anthology will be the work of tireless editor Johnny Mains, who also happens to be an enthusiastic and skilled researcher in the dusty annals of this genre. I'm even prouder to be appearing in this book as, thanks to Johnny’s enviable ability to root out lost classics, I’ll be appearing alongside a previously unpublished tale by sci-fi legend John Brunner (1934 To 1995).
I love you, Grandma.
But I learned my lesson and I hope you'll learn from my mistake, friends.
Jaxon loves to look at Mommy and Daddy! It's so cute because we'll all be sitting on the couch and he'll just look bath and forth at Jake then I then back at Jake.
5) Atheism claims there are no absolutes, logical or other.
i still need accessorise for the room - the moldings and door still need its final coat of paint - but it's pretty much done and i'm happy to call it my HOME OFFICE!
This might be quite exciting for us both, or it might come to nothing.
So like I mentioned above, I was a little stand off-ish in the beginning. Reed had been able to do a “Jedi mind trick” on Russell and it seemed like Evie was completely cool with the idea. Plus, accepting the fact that she wasn’t normal, even though she felt normal all her life. Then there’s the fact that Reed’s downright rude to her and tells her she needs to leave and go away immediately…but she still has these amazing feelings because he’s so hot. If the beginning was written a little different then I think I would have been a lot more accepting… enough about that though…let’s get to the good stuff!!
UK Publishers: Universal Music Publishing / EMI Music Publishing
Tonight I just came from the Christmas party downstairs and- these days all it takes is a couple of glasses of wine to flatten my voice out.
Then came Angela, born to Peter and his wife in Texas. I was with them when she was born. She was a sweet little girl and I loved holding her and singing to her. She is now doing well in middle school.
They reek of war and salt water and metal, and every boy I asked said that the battleship was the best part of the field trip.
anonoymous aka the MITM
On my way up to Seattle for the big Mariners’ home opener. Here are some Friday Questions while I wait forever in the TSA line.
THAT friend, in my experience, falls into two categories of people.
Tunisia has no tradition of independent constitutional justice. It is starting from zero. Established by presidential decree in 1987, the Constitutional Council, which ceased to exist after the (January 2011) Revolution, when the Constitution was repealed, was complicit in the dictatorship of Ben Ali. Can a constitutional court, which has long indulged in a servile/auxiliary role of the state, fulfill its cultural revolution and become the guarantor of rights and freedoms? Will it be given the means to do so?
Marcella Hawley's newest set called Magnolias features lush and sweeping flowers so sweet, you can almost smell their pure fragrance! This 4" by 6" set features a beautiful focal image, a corner floral piece and a border of leaves, allowing you to stamp and create accents in a whole host of ways. This set also features six touching sentiments perfect for all occasions.
Its shores outlining modern cities.
The Programang Pangkatawhan of Vice Mayor Lawrence “Law” Fortun will again be implemented and will kick off on May 3, 2012 at the Covered Court of Brgy. Lumbocan, this City. The said outreach program will offer several services to the people for free such as libreng tuli, libreng gupit, optical services, dental services and free legal services for those delayed birth registrants.
“We’ve been able to do some of that work in the limited dry running that was available, but there is now a lot more we need to fit in to Wednesday and Thursday. The important thing is we now have base line to build on, so the next two days should be much more productive.”
So this person wants a vacuum. They're hard to come by. I had a thermos flask, with a vacuum in it once, but I dropped it, and when I unscrewed the bottom, I found a lot of bits of silvery glass, but the vacuum had fled. (like an elusive genie).
My breath caught in my mouth. "Aunt Alice, who was Dorothy's boyfriend? Who was El Toro?"
I’m also glad about the President’s stance, because up until now, very few people paid attention to the deliberate WAR ON WOMEN that has been going on with the right-wing in this country. I believe Rachel Maddow is the only person on tv that has consistently been pointing out, state by state, the attempts to strip women of their reproductive rights in this country. THAT there is a WAR ON WOMEN, and yes, as preposterous as it sounds, CONTRACEPTION, is a battleground. Up until now, they could hide behind bullshyt things like ‘ sonograms before you have an abortion’, and the bogus ‘ personhood’ amendments, but their goal is to CONTROL WOMEN’S RIGHTS TO CONTROL THEIR OWN BODIES. That ‘personhood’ amendment nonsense- at the core, it’s to BAN CONTRACEPTION. Women might be ambivalent about abortion. It might make them squeamish , whichever side you fall on, but THIS?
It seem that when your in Bloomberg circle the press becomes the DA. Both Haggerty and Steve Rattner are being tried in the press. For three weeks there have been press stories about the SEC giving Rattner a tap on the wrist penalty an the the AG wanted more. Now it is Haggerty turn for a press trial. The Manhattan DA office filed court papers that said that Haggerty admitted to Manhattan prosecutors that he "lied" to and "misled" the mayor's campaign in order to conceal his intention to pocket the money, prosecutors allege in a new court filing. Haggerty lawyer Dennis Vacco "This is an over-the-top action by the DA's office, and it's got severe consequences on John's ability now to get a fair trial." Bloomberg and his friends in the establishment do not want Haggerty to go to trial. Haggerty was there when they bought term limits and knows who got what. If this matter goes to trial he will bring the whole house of cards down. Mike '$cammer' powwow (NYP) * New Allegations Against Bloomberg Operative(WSJ) We still do not know why the money was funneled to the Independence Party and why the money came from the personal account of the mayor and was not reported to the Board of Elections. Oh boy do they want this case to disappear. Why did the DA release this information gotten months ago right before the election Maybe this is why? Andy presses Carl on $1M scandal aide (NYP) * Former AG Dennis Vacco Defends John Haggerty Against Bob Duffy Swipe
*The next day saw a new series called “The Undateables” on Channel 4. I found the title very offensive and as anticipated, the first two programmes produced some very negative comments, focussing on the aspects of the people featured which could be easily mocked. The people that received the more favourable comments were the ones where you could SEE the disability – proving once again that autism awareness or any other invisible disability needs more awareness
Angie was dressed up in Rouge Valentine, a classic blue-red pin-up shade (185N). She was also intrigued by Cocoa Couture (292N, pictured), a deep, chocolate wine shade that would have suited Theda Bara, and Midnight Rose (377N, pictured), a vibrant fuschia that will look gorgeous for spring and summer.
The guitar playing on this album is clean and tuneful, sunnier than the raw trance grooves of other Tuareg rock bands. Bombino’s songs also evoke the hardship of separation and loss, but his pain comes filtered through the shimmering veneer of a young man’s all-consuming love of nature.
A huge thanks to my lovely gang of helpers, deliverers and stuffers for everything they’ve done to help with the campaign.
To be honest, I love male fragrance. Why, you ask? Personally I think the scent is more natural, and appealing. Female fragrance tend to try too hard, I have problem differentiating female fragrance.. hehe.. I was never too particular with which part of my body to put on the perfume, I’ll just spray at my neck and dash out the door. I can never finish a perfume within a year, it’ll usually take me 2 years to finish 1 bottle.. x_X
Anger is a secondary emotion. It always stems from something else. When I feel that anger wash over me, when I feel the tears spill from my eyes, the lighthouse that I have created is the word "NO". Inside my head, I yell, with force, "NO!" Once I halt the continuing rainfall of angry and negative thoughts in mid-stream, I take several deep and cleansing breaths to stop the physical reaction of anger, because anger always triggers a physical flight or fight response. First that must be calmed so that I can deal with the feelings. I then ask myself what the primary emotion is. Most likely, for me, it is a feeling of helplessness, a loss of control. Once I recognize that emotion, the root of it all, I deal with it. I deal with it in terms that are manageable and not overwhelming. I acknowledge that I am helpless to change anyone else or to change the past, but I'm not helpless in taking control of my life. I am in control of not becoming a prisoner to the past.
To our newest volunteers … and to all who have supported us since we began nearly a century ago: THANK YOU!
I belong to the Light, I belong to the Day. I do not belong to the night or the darkness, in Jesus Christ Name! Amen!
I finally got home about 10pm to a house full of kids that hadn't gotten to bed yet...on a school night...
Then there is Tomorrow Is Today from his debut album in 1971. The lyrics to this one come from the note Joel had written when he tried to commit suicide the previous year.
At 0730 this morning I found Number1 looking pale and grey, sitting on the surface of the substrate next to her exuvium. She (yes female) had molted some time in the early hours of the morning. The exuvium was still moist, and there was fluid in the opisthosoma when examined under the microscope.
Iván Meade – What project has given you the most satisfaction?
Several of you wanted to know more about my ear bubble I mentioned in my last post. When I went to get the molds for my new hearing aids up North, they found a "bubble" in my right ear. The picture on the right (Zoomed to huge) probably less than the top of a pin, is what a normal ear looks like. The one on the left shows my "bubble" which I think looks like the "Pearl of Great Price" hiding in my ear. HaHa.
George Pelecanos was born in Washington, DC, in 1957. He worked as a dishwasher, a cook, and a bartender and sold women's shoes before publishing his first novel -- A Firing Offense -- in 1992. What It Was is his 18th and newest novel. (Yes, I've read all 18.)
And time is up.
H is discharged from hospital and I bring her home. Though she's still weak and far from well, it will be a relief not to have to make the twice daily trips into town. She has to be on a very restricted diet - no fats at all while her liver recovers - and that's going to stretch my powers of invention.
When you’re a vamp, you just get trouble
Today, I watch seminar rooms of graduate students misread both Bester and Conrad because they no longer have to wonder about the possibility of such illegal elements occurring in the story and the compensating possibility of suggestion as a writerly strategy for representing both sex and violence. In Tiger! Tiger! the demonic antihero, Gully Foyle, invades Robin's exploded apartment and stalks across her living room to where she cowers away from him on the couh. There is a line of white space . . .Foyle, of course, rapes Robin. But many of Chip's students simply can't see this. Nor, in Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness, in which the death of the African woman that Kurz has been sleeping with, occurs in another line of white space, can half the students understand that when Kurz cries, "The horror! The horror!," he is thinking of her death.
Melt butter and blend with sugar. Mix in beaten eggs and mashed bananas, blending until smooth. Sift all-purpose flour again with salt and soda. Stir in whole wheat flour. Add dry ingredients alternately with hot water. Stir in chopped nut meats. Turn into greased, 9 by 5-inch loaf pan. Bake in a moderately slow oven (325 degrees) for 1 hour and 10 minutes. Makes 1 loaf.
So I've compiled this list of polite ways to evade rude questions. Don't get me wrong -- it will still be obvious you're evading questions. And certainly some rude people will persist because they want to know the answer that badly. But most people will hear a polite evasion and realize that you'd rather not say. And it's a little nicer to have a polite evasion ready than just to say, "I prefer not to say," to every single question.
So when my good pal Joe of Foodie and Blogger fame sent me a note saying that he was heading to NYC from DC, I knew a little trip on the train was in order to meet up with him. After going through a plethora of Manhattan options, he said that we must make a visit to Le Singe Vert, aka The Green Monkey. So a trip on the NJ transit got me into Manhattan around 3:30PM, so I killed some time at Chelsea Market before heading back to 7th Avenue to meet up with Joe.
Today, in our Checker's match, we were down to 1 king (me) against 4 kings (oldest). He had tears in his eyes as he jumped my king and won the game. This was after several turns of stalling the finish. He didn't want to see his mommy lose the game.
Detroit Medley 8:56
This book includes more than 100 photographs in five sections, a six-page timeline, a notes section, and a thorough Index.
Apparently the leaves have to sit in the glycerin for two days, so watch this space...
I've never recognized myself as "skinny".
Coming into the series I was worried about a “Game Four” Melo type performance throughout, but in the end the Heat were able to take control through the surprisingly strong play of their bench.
Fulham picks up their first win over Liverpool at Anfield in the clubs history. The only goal of the match came in the fifth minute. The Cottagers Stephan Kelly nailed a shot into the box. The Reds Martin Skrtel put the ball into the back of his own net. Game, set, and match to Fulham.
Well we are back from our Incentive Trip to Disney with Stampin' Up! I am trying to get caught up with all the unpacking, laundry, classes, ball games and my day job. Boy it is awesome to go on Vacation but it is awful to come home to all the back up at home!! I think I need another week off just to get caught back up!!!
This week, we purchased a washer and dryer.
I love the symbolism that is involved with so many types. One example is a Purple Heart. Traditionally they signify a heroic act.
rage first
________
I am very grateful for the year that has been. It has been full of the biggest challenges of my life and yet here I still am. 2011 forced me to face some areas in my life that have now built me into someone who is stronger, more authentic and self-caring. So thank you 2011, as much as I am glad to see the back of you, I would not have changed a minute.
What we hate is an ideology that wants more government control. What we hate are people who believe it's absolutely ok for government to force a social conscience on us by law while yelling about some bogey man priest who wants to put a moral conscience on you by law. The fact that your hypocrisy knows no bounds also annoys us so I guess we hate your hypocrisy too. What we hate is the idea that government is going to run our lives and that we must seek their approval and permission to do virtually anything but create a child we are then free to murder before it's born. We hate the idea you hold that we are not capable of providing for ourselves and must have government watching over our shoulder constantly. We hate the idea of our hard earned money being confiscated by threat of imprisonment or worse only to watch it being handed over to those whose only qualifications for receiving it is that they have failed to provide for themselves and their families.
brought under control following
For anybody who has read a few posts on this blog, there are a few things that are undoubtedly clear. First, I am an unabashed Stephen King fan. I mean, I don’t think that anybody would take on TGSKE* if they didn’t have a fondness for that man that far exceeded what is healthy. Over 115 books and movies to read/watch and blog about(and that is just at the moment).
Or late night chat
Be sure to subscribe on the right hand side of the blog if you don't want to miss all the little extra goodies and discounts I send out.
In a stroke of negligence that borders on malice, the city housing authority (and the federal government) apparently never gave a thought to the revenue streams that would be necessary to preserve decent conditions in so many towers housing so many people. Pruitt-Igoe had to function on the paltry rents that could be charged of its poor and working class tenants. Poor people’s housing was poor, in part, because they were poor. Providing better housing than struggling families could afford is the point of public housing—to shelter those for whom the market does not or cannot provide adequate homes.
Looking across these groups (and imagining that there are more that I haven’t identified here) I can’t imagine that one strategy fits all. My hunch is that the SBNI are the ones who are most willing to have contact with a religious community or who would be most open to having a friend invite them to a religious “thing.” But trying to appeal to the SBNB the same way as the SBNI doesn’t strike me as likely to be effective…
Want it really spicy? Drop in a few jalapenos, you dare devil you.
I linked to my favorite link party here:
The word “squandered” aptly applies to what I did with four years of high school and four years of college. I cringe when I think back to wasted opportunities. In fact, I try not to bring that up around my parents too often as I can see their minds working to figure how much of their hard-earned money was put to disuse.
that I'd been "treadmill-ing" it lately
FINAL VERDICT: “The Legend of Zelda: Oracle of Seasons has a very entertaining and original hook of changing the environment with the seasons, and its action-packed gameplay and thrilling challenges make it a very exciting Game Boy Color adventure to undertake! Its sibling title has a slightly better story and slightly more inspired puzzle-solving, but taken together, these two games produce the grandest and most enthralling quest that the Game Boy Color ever saw!”
*I chose to marry a United States Airman
Please note that on one day per month your home and everyone else’s has a 3 container limit – the other pick up days are 1 container limit.
We pass a sign warning of Alligator Teeth (another species to add to the Park’s long list of fauna? No, just a traffic control measure) and another which explains why long trousers are being worn today in spite of the temperature – the risk of Lyme disease carried by deer ticks. The Ring heads directly north-west to Pen Ponds from Robin Hood Gate, but we take a more circuitous route in order to take in more of the Park’s stunning landscape. Heading off road, we continue through a parkland of unfurling bracken and gnarled and hollowed ancient oaks, to skirt the edge of Prince Charles’s Spinney, where a mass of bluebells carpets the woodland floor. A short but steep climb past an enormous oak monolith – a dead tree whose branchless trunk is allowed to remain standing, retained as valuable habitat for fungi, bats and beetles – leads up to Broomfield Hill, an open grassy area packed with picnickers.
I know I have been silent for over a month and that is not like me at all.
Alistair Philips is the archivist for the Ashton Historical Society, as well as the author of numerous monographs regarding various aspects of Wildwyck County’s history. His position’s stipend and his monograph sales provide Philips with a modest living, allowing him to dedicate himself to incessant research into local history, the arrangement and maintenance of the society’s archival collection, and, his most favorite pastime, correspondence with a large circle of colleagues, acquaintances, pen pals, and folklorists around the world.
From now on I am going to watch every game until the clock hits 0.00.
An Evening Among Headhunters ~ by Lawrence Millman (Tonga)
2010.09.04 Aghanistan Faryab 3 5 Three local cops are exterminated in a brutal ambush.
The lyrics portray the feelings of an average Indian boy, who has failed in love, or who has some problems with his girl.
optional: 1/2 cup additional sweet fruit (kiwi, mango or pear are my faves)
Perhaps the best-known African-American in vaudeville (then and now), Bill Robinson left us a confusing hodgepodge of legacies. His life was a mass of contradictions perhaps best exemplified by his stage handle: “The Dark Cloud of Joy.” On the one hand, he is called by African-American scholar Donald Bogle “the quintessential Tom” for his cheerful and shameless subservience to whites in motion pictures. On the other hand, Robinson was in real life the sort of man who, when refused service at an all-white luncheonette, would lay his pearl-handled revolver on the counter and demand service. An illiterate, he was to become the unofficial Mayor of Harlem and one of the richest and best-known African Americans in the country. Even the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band song “Mr. Bojangles” which everyone assumes is about him, isn’t. (The song is about a hobo; Robinson was a class act in top hat and tails).
01. Elegia
Jurriaan Maessen
Today, Special Agent Robert Grant asked the public for help in the search.
So I ordered some chicken dish and it tasted like crap. Not that I've ever tasted crap, of course, but it wasn't very good. I really didn't care for it. Everyone talked me into sending it back to the kitchen. I've never done this before. I apologized over and over to the waitress and told her that I was sure it was fine, but I just didn't like it and could I please get something else? She was very nice about it. I'm pretty sure the cook was offended and spit in my new dish, however. Then a manager came out and demanded to know what was wrong with my chicken and why exactly did I send it back, and what was wrong with me. OK, so maybe it wasn't that bad, but I felt so embarrassed. Next time, I'll just eat the funky tasting chicken.
Hyacinths are waning, daffodils and hellebores have been in bloom for weeks, sedums are peeking forth, and I hereby declare garden season officially open! (At least in Zone 6 and parts south – Mainers and North Dakotans, tune in in a month or so…)
If your kids are in love with Mator, McQueen and the rest of the gang, this post is for you. Leslie is back today with another super fun birthday party, just as all the fun of Cars 2 comes to your house!
Always tell your loved ones you love them: you never know what the next day may (or may not) bring.
Amity: Peace, kindness, love, and freedom, yellow and red, counselors and caretakers
6. Baseball announcer: "If history repeats itself, I should think we can expect the same thing again."
Former pro surfer Wes Laine says, “Families who have generations of kids, parents, and grandparents who have competed in the event and still do, it’s lots of fun to see them down there.”
I guess I have to wait again for the 5D… Mark IV. It’s still like I’m getting old, but yeah. I was waiting for the 5D Mark III to come, but the 24 megapixel feature and the articulated screen… fudge. I guess I have to wait for the 7D Mark II to come, but this time, with articulated screen, but it’s really more enjoyable when using a full-frame camera. I’m not being biased, but somehow, there are more lens choices if you’re using full-frame.
To prepare for Sunday, read through the passage and ask:
Vacuum & quick mop if needed
turn up if you can and tell them: “we can see you “
During the week, we met with Donal Donovan, former deputy Director of the IMF. It struck me that we are the first Washington Ireland Program Class that have such a personal stake in the conversation. One of the topics broached was that of the Nyberg Report, a enquiry into the causes of the Irish banking crisis. It came to the conclusion that “large parts of irish society were willing to let the good times roll until the very last minute”. An interesting conversation during the week with my host father in Chevy Chase led him to conclude that I was the first of his Irish interns that could admit the former excesses of Irish society, the deeply rooted political failures and echoing a former Taoiseach, that we were living way beyond our means. Our political system favored the short term, and actions were based more on what color shirt your grandfather wore during the Civil War, rather than a wider ideology. And the boom of the Celtic Tiger did not reach everyone in our society- we became increasingly divided into the haves, the have littles and the have nots. Herein lie the hard political questions that as a Corkonian, I do have to face.
The big question of course is, are they really asylum seekers or Tamil Tigers trying to reestablish themselves in the West after being defeated in a civil war in Sri Lanka?
DAVID #1: HAPPY CHRISTMAS ROHYPNOL EGGNOG! Now you just sit right here and write all the dialogue that comes into your head… that’s a good David…
“According to Dr Gregory Stanton, an American genocide expert who founded the organization Genocide Watch, “these mysterious murders on South African farmers fall under genocidal attacks - even though such a small group of people is involved.” He already issued a call in 2002, warning that these attacks were increasing in intensity, accompanied by growing hate-speech by government officials targeting white farmers, and would eventually culminate in an all-out genocide unless the authorities intervened. See his report and his video explaining the nature of genocide above, and here The SA government however calls these 'ordinary crimes'.
long time not see lee min jung…hmm, anyway….I dun like to give out the synopsis…u can find it anywhere n everywhere…haha..lot of preview n all…
When my dear friend "The Schoolgirl" gets her wheels turning, I know I'm in for it!
As you can see, some of the reasons are inaccurate, some of them are just plain stupid, and some of them are a combination. And yet, I feel like most single women my age have been bombarded with their own set of foolish reasons as well. What are some of your greatest hits? Do share.
15.- Allstar Cypher (f/Words, Rise, Wiseguy, etc)
so...its the new year.
Yet they nominate a black woman to represent them. Mia Love and the intentions of voters in Utah's 4th Congressional District prove that the wild accusations of racism and sexism by those on the left towards the right are completely baseless.
The cute little ginger bread people are quick kutzs as is the poinsettia flower. I used the doohickey tag and lace dies as well. I did say that I threw the craft draw at this one!.
Whatever Becky is doing must be working…two current walk coordinators, Meredith Drews in Orange County, CA and Autumn Spear in Seattle, WA first came to the Preeclampsia Foundation via attendance at the San Diego Promise Walk. Jenette Zecena also first got involved with the Foundation through the San Diego walk. Jenette now holds an annual softball tournament in memory of her son. Jenette and her husband are also this year’s featured personal story of preeclampsia at the San Diego Promise Walk.
It’s not Sarah’s voice. It takes a few seconds to place and by the time I do the line’s dead. The phone’s still against my ear and I hear every word in real time, as though the line’s on a delay.
It was reminiscent of British film star Diana Dors, who used to hold orgies at her house. On one occasion the great British comedian Bob Monkhouse ended up in bed with some girl or other and heard a rustling behind a mirror. He discovered it was Diana Dors and her chums looking on: something they liked to do.
Once you've determined your own beliefs, then you're ready to compare and contrast curriculum design ex cathedra vs. autodidacticism. Consider this simple example from recent human history: web design. This skill set was developed by people working in the medium who figured it out on their own (autodidactically!). Only after it existed in the world of reality, did colleges begin to design curricula and offer courses in web design. Think about how many other subjects came TO structured education FROM the real, workaday, autodidactic world.
Nothing....
All that aside, wow. Ninety days in Costa Rica. I know you can get on the Tica bus and travel to either neighboring countries for a fraction of the cost of a flight but we really needed to process, recharge and refresh. This is where this visa run comes into play.
The Aristean Cycle was used in determining when past Jewish events happened. The age-old puzzles of when Exodus and other Bible events happened are now determined.
North Coco Plum Caye is located a short 15 minute flight from the International Airport and 30 minutes by boat from the mainland in the Southwater Marine Reserve off Dangriga Town on the Central Coast of Belize.
White House Visitors Office director Ellie Schafer sent an email to a Capitol Hill staffer Tuesday morning explaining the process for registering an unborn fetus for a White House tour:
Following the cessation of open anti-European warfare in 1945, the incoming Labour government put into practice the Fabian Socialist dream of the Welfare State. The Labour Party is a part of the Establishment, and so the creation of the Welfare State was not to benefit the people, but to increase the control the ruling powers have over us.
**I had to rewrite this post since it was accidentally deleted. Please relink any projects you may have submitted to this challenge. So Sorry!!**
Thread News – Not much stitching going on here. I’d lost my stitching mojo. I blame this partly on knitting and sewing, but mostly blame it on my eyes! I am in mourning over the loss of my wonderful, perfect eyesight. I find it deeply depressing that I can no longer see my needle work without the aid of glasses! However, I sat down Sunday evening to watch the Super Bowl and I pulled out my stitching. DH said Wow, you haven’t done that in a while! After only 30 minutes of stitching, I realized how much I LOVE to stitch and how much I have missed it! I do not love knitting this much! I think I have my mojo back!! Albeit I have to use the dang readers, but the desire is back. Knitting is something I can do on my lunch break at work. Hello stitching, I’m back!
Glycerol – See Glycerin.
Did yourself recently in front of the mirror?
These words are repeated throughout the Bible. Trust me. Do not fear.
In another part of the huge compound a radioactive waste truck is leaving the facility. They get clearance from the guards and start driving across the barren wasteland and we see that Jonah is hanging underneath the truck. An alert comes across the truck's radio that there is a bounty of 2,000 soames for Hex's return. Just then the waste guy riding shotgun sees Jonah drop from underneath the truck and take off running. The truck attempts to run Hex down but he stops, spins and pumps two bullets into the workers. As the truck swerves and crashes, Hex note that the .44 tends to pull slightly to the left.
Hope all are doing well, til next time. . . Jan
the type of "beans" inside the bag is a bigger bean then the old school tiny ones, theres 2types of ways you can mold it ,1st with the back rest or mold it with out it like a round ball, or however you would like, its mold-able to whatever position is comfy.
As you may or may not have noticed, I have turned off the ability to comment on this blog.
150ml double cream
There is a grove of apple trees on the hilltop outside town, and tradition states that the barrels of cider are rolled down the hill to town, and it is the contestants job to jump them, last one standing wins. The first set of barrels rolls placidly down. The second set is lop-sided and bouncing. The third set is spinning as it rolls, and the fourth set of barrels is flaming. Thokk and Felipe are the only ones left, until the bouncing flaming barrel knocks Felipe out.
In a story seemingly invented for future landscape architecture thesis projects, we find the city of Berezniki, Russia. "In the West," the New York Times explains, "mines are usually located far from populous areas, to reduce the risks of sinkholes to homes and other buildings. But Berezniki, a city of 154,000 that began as a labor camp, was built directly over the mine—a legacy of the Soviet policy of placing camps within marching distance of work areas."
Wow, I have a weird taste in music! I hope you liked my crazy writing songs!
I like this shirt because of the unique design and beautiful color. I already have a lot of gray clothes, so new or different colors from gray are always refreshing and welcome to add to my small wardrobe. I like the flare in the front. It’s girly, but it’s not too sweet, which I like. I combined different bottoms.
Now, it's off to pop a Zoloft and curl up with a good book and pounds of chocolate.
Your driver needs a cigarette to steel his nerves driving through Boston traffic. In other words, your chemicals need to be stored in the bus storage bin before you board. He is also listening to a close Red Sox-Yankees game on the radio, so respect his nerves.
Elsewhere, Jenny McCartney in The Daily Telegraph laments the passing of Cockney Rhyming Slang describing it as "obscure and expansive, relishing the playful drawing-out of speech" (scroll down to last item here). This is worth considering from a Language Change (ENGA3 and ENGB3) perspective, as there are many reasons why people use language and they're not always related to making things quicker and simpler, often being connected to wordplay and acts of identity.
Thursday, April 21st
There needs to be a fair form of taxation that doesn't punish job creators and doesn't blunt success with unfair taxes. Sadly, one look at Hong Kong's flat tax would suggest that the Godless Communists have come up with a more equitable way to assess taxation responsibility.
So it’s not at all surprising that men who take the med can end up battling severe and lasting sexual dysfunction. The only surprise here is that these side effects aren’t even more common than what’s been reported so far (and remember, no man likes to admit to sex problems — so the reported numbers could very well be just the tip of the iceberg).
Put the extra kitchen chair BACK in the kitchen, and the back massage portion in the basement. Put the magazine rack back into Connor's room. So his books now have a storage area, instead of all over the floor of his bedroom.
Is handwriting important?
and other is just to the right on the second
DiS: What about the electronic influence that seems to be prevalent throughout the album? Was Alex a major factor here as well?
And now it is ten in the morning. My son is probably already in the auditorium, practicing the National Anthem and whatever “Children Are the Future” song the fifth graders will sing to reduce us Camcordering parents to tears. I can deal with that.
John Marsh – Ministry Member; Eastern Region
A hundred grand is going to be more than enough for the flight expense and the wack of money (after conversion once you land) to put down six months rent up front plus the deposit and some basics. (I could have made the move with half that if I was wiser with money) Oh ya, also a good second hand car (don’t worry about insurance or licence. Show the cash; buy the car, no questions. Then buy an annual insurance policy from Tesco on the internet with your credit card. Once you got your insurance certificate, you can buy a tax disc and “Voila,” you exist!) Bank account will soon follow once you have proof from the letting agents and the licensing authorities about your identity.
the whole card thing.
After about 30 seconds, we quickly and calmly filed outdoors in case of aftershocks or building structural integrity problems. I tried to call my wife, but the cell phone airwaves were jammed with everyone else's calls. (Just like on 9/11. Some things don't change.)
But, of course, the rain does come. And the wait was worth it. For Momo gets to use her new boots and umbrella. And she gets to walk all by herself without holding onto her mother's or father's hands.
I was one question into writing this when I got a text from my 13 year old daughter. She and her 10 year old sister were going to hang out at a park in Portland with some other teens, then go to a friend's house, and some time later in the evening my husband would pick them up again. My response? "O.K. try to avoid sunburns and drink enough fluids. :) I Love You!" What would your response have been?
You can see an obvious colour difference between the two. I'm not sure if this is to do with the aging process, or the fact one is 3% stronger than the other. (bottles pre 2009 were 21%, bottles after are 18%) Me and Jeff were too keen to get stuck into them to think about it though.
I'm sorry, where was I? Okay, A trail of grisly murders and women with missing body parts have also been occurring throughout the city and, of course, all of it culminates in the very party being held for Suzette, who finds herself the unwitting center of attention for a final sacrifice where blood will be spilt and death is a certainty.
"Nooo! Babies are usually this big when they are first born, not any smaller than that." I used my hands to outline a preemie.
When the security company phoned, they could hear a woman screaming and were told that a house robbery was in progress. They notified the police.
From this, over the centuries, came the language which is now known as 'Afrikaans'.
There is, to the best of my knowledge, no way to sack a politician, unless they commit a criminal act, and I’m not even sure about that as they tend to resign anyway. True, their party can withdraw the whip if they transgress politically, at which point they can defect to the other side, become an independent, or apply for Stewardship of the Chiltern Hundreds, which is the way MPs resign. But you can’t say, here’s your P45, don’t let the door hit you in the arse.
Thanks for looking and make sure to go over and see what all the design team made from peachy keen they did a wonderful job with using the sketch.
The wrapper from the chocolate heart looked perfect for paper piecing, so I went with it. I added some tiny cupcakes from an IO set I had, gave my mouse a bakers twine hair bow, put on some bling. and called it done!
I have edited out the clip with Owen (Moo Brew) and I sampling next years Imperial Stout in the bowels of Moorilla Estate (from oak barrels none the less!). I just returned from a dirt bike trip on the east coast of Tassie with the Moo guys and will post the vid along with some photos soon.
wine in the jar. And sit here
I was a little unsure of what to expect when the flooring was complete but I was actually pleasantly surprised how well they turned out. Fortunately, all of our hard work paid off this time! I might have sat down and cried if not...just saying.
Strangely enough, both the doctor and physio came through this week. The diagnosis is that I have a number of issues in my ankle area: loss of bone density, two bone chips, and a cartilage that is no more. Strangely enough, the medic's main concern -- the missing cartilage -- isn't where I feel pain.
Don't forget to enter below for a chance to win a Candi's Thirty One Gifts Thermal Tote.
Green olive salsa requires not much more than scooping olives out of a jar. I like pitted, pimento stuffed olives and I usually have a jar on hand in my pantry. Jazz it up with garlic, a squirt of lemon juice and plenty of fresh herbs. It can sit in the fridge for two weeks and the flavor just gets better.
* Release fear. Fear is simply false evidence appearing real. It appears real because our emotional reaction to it aligns with the ego and the ego says it’s “right” to feel that way. In other words, as we choose to respond from spirit, the fear subsides and the possibilities ( that were previously invisible) open up. Our attention and focus on the uncertainty of anything in life only serves to magnetize further uncertainty and strife. The key is to first become aware of any patterns we have of feeding the fear. Once that happens, we can shift our attention to the possibilities (instead of the potential limitations.) A simple shift in perspective can produce profound changes in our experience. As we change the way look at and perceive something, that something (or someone) changes to reflect and match our new outlook.
Anywho, because you're my BFFITWWW- I just had to show you what I found in my mailbox today!
Watch video with presentation of Mahir Erkan:
The main characters in my book are: Liza Dozier Hamgorium, Berlin Hamgorium, their 5 daughters: London, Leanne, Lana, Lahti, and Latasha Hamgorium. I liked London the most because through all the tragedies she stood her ground and found out the truth about her mom Liza in the end.
As part of my morning routine, I use rosewater as a toner on my face. It has a fresh, delicate scent and is much gentler on the skin than some of the products sold specifically as toners. Yesterday I put a little rosewater onto a cotton ball and proceeded to apply it to my face as usual, starting around my eyes.
rests half buried in the sand.
Overall, I believe it’s far more important to try and tune into what feels good for you: how your energy levels are during the day, what your mindset is like when you cut out carbs, your concentration, mood level etc. It’s a case of trial and error, but PLEASE don’t obsess about it. I know many, many slim and healthy people who eat plenty of carbs. It’s far better to eat carbs and have a normal, healthy attitude toward food than be miserable, obsessed and ‘disordered’ about what you eat.
But last week... Well!!! The weather was spectacular! It was hothothot and blazingly sunny. I think we hit 33C one day and the rest were pretty close to that. The sky was clear for the most part, with only the odd fluffy cloud passing by.
we dare be brave
Many of these arrests are carried out in such a way to guarantee physical injury. The tone was set on that first night of March 17, when my friend Eileen’s wrists were broken; others suffered broken fingers, concussions, and broken ribs. Again, this was on a night where OWS actions were confined to sitting in a park, playing music, raising one or two tents, and marching down the street. To give a sense of the level of violence protestors were subjected to, during the march north to Union Square, we saw the first major incident of window-breaking in New York. The window in question was broken not by protestors, but by police—using a protestor’s head. The victim in this case was a street medic named José (owing to the likelihood of physical assault and injuries from police, OWSers in New York as elsewhere have come to carry out even the most peaceful protests accompanied by medics trained in basic first aid.) He offered no resistance.
*Chronic Headaches.
Blessings and Peace,
Mr. M. is Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, a 62-year-old former academic with a tapering, hennaed beard, and the founder of the Lashkar-e Taiba (the Army of the Pure, or LeT), widely linked to several outrageously audacious terrorist attacks in India. The LeT was formed in 1987 as the military wing of the Jammat-ud Dawa religious organization (Society of the Islamic Call, or JuD) at the instigation of the Pakistani army’s formidable intelligence agency, Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI). The JuD owes its existence to the efforts of Saeed, who founded it in 1985 following his return to his native Lahore after two years of advanced Islamic studies in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, under the guidance of that country’s Grand Mufti, Shaikh Abdul Aziz bin Baz.
Have you tried this Benefit dupe? Bodycare seems to have quite a range of rip off Benefit products so I may have to try some more...
Many other important experiences also take place in our houses, mostly rather ordinary experiences, but nonetheless immensely important experiences that will become even more so in hindsight. This point becomes especially, and perhaps even painfully clear whenever you drive by an old family house from long ago. The effect is magnified greatly if you've not seen the house in some years. You can just sit there in your car and stare at that house and soon countless memories will come flooding into your mind. If it's a house you grew up in then there are countless firsts you may remember there. There are pets you may remember, games you played, and times of simple pleasure. There are the daily, mundane steps of growth that took place, from doing your homework, to learning to play an instrument, to practicing a sport in the yard. There are the family moments, Christmases and other holidays, family gatherings and celebrations. Then there are the hard things, the tears and conflicts, worries and stresses.
Fernando
“We still urge South Africans to support the Confederations Cup because it might never return to the country ,” said Mkhondo.
So what happens is that each member of the House is given a piece of paper. On that piece of paper they write down what percentage of this -$1.2059 Trillion should be paid for by spending cuts and what percentage by tax increases. I'm sure that right wing extremists are likely to nominate 100% cuts and 0% tax increases, while some lefties are likely to nominate 0% cuts and 100% tax increases. At the same time as members of the House do this, members of the Senate do as well. President Obama also does it.
So let’s see if Paul was a good man. He was justified as a believer; declared righteous by the grace and in the sight of God. His steps were ordered, that is prepared by the Lord. He had prayed much for this trip toRome. God had indeed promised him that he would be inRomehaving the ability to witness the grace of Christ there. He didn’t doubt for a minute that his steps were ordered by the Lord.
Parry 6 Pace 6 Toughness 9
So, Et Cetera it is. Not that cool but it really reflects on how I see my blog.
But 4:30 rolled around and the results were not posted. I remember being very disappointed even though I know it was a long shot. I checked again before I went to bed, LOL, even though I knew if they were not there at 4:30 they would not be there until, at the very least, the next business day. To be honest, I checked several times a day throughout the weekend too. And Monday morning, by which time I was frustrated and having doubts. I'm such a stewer over things and I don't tend to trust my own abilities when I can't see rapid results, even though I really do know better. I'm trying not to say I have low self esteem but at times, that is what it is... or maybe it's even less complicated than that... more straight forward... I am afraid to fail! To me it is like failure (in any way) means the end of the world! But I really am working on it, so please don't worry about me. If that was not true about me, I never would have followed through with applying for the EMT program to begin with.
You are Elinor Dashwood of Sense & Sensibility! You are practical, circumspect, and discreet. Though you are tremendously sensible and allow your head to rule, you have a deep, emotional side that few people often see.
The Adventure 10 is a modern backpack designed for the SLR photographer with a pro digital or film SLR with a grip and 8″ lens attached, numerous additional lenses, a flash, accessories and a 17″ screen laptop. The completely foam-padded lower compartment protects photo equipment, wh… Read More >>
I'm Paul Brian McCoy and I'm the mostly ignored writer of Coffee, Sex, and Creation as well as the monumentally ignored The Unraveling: Damaged Incorporated Book One - Book Two is on the way!! - and when I'm not lamenting my lot in life, I also edit and write for Comics Bulletin. I'm the TV/Film editor there and we're looking for a few good voices.
Anyway, when I get a letter of this sort from a knitter I generally respond with apologies that not EVERY pattern can be written out line by line. And this is true.. Shetland Garden, for instance, would be a book-length pattern if it had written instructions. But these communications give me a good kind of reboot as I consider what the world would be like without all different sorts of knitters with all the different life experiences we bring to the craft.
Galapagos
“Staging a demonstration is fair enough, but threatening and preventing lawful trade from taking place isn’t,” they add.
What aspect of my life, work and leadership is ready for renewal? What does this renewal look like—what is my vision? Do I believe I can have and own the experience of my vision? What personal core values and priorities support me with manifesting my vision? What core values and priorities resist the process of manifesting my vision? What is my first step?
“But the review has not taken place till now due to pressure from certain lobbies,” said another degree holder engineer.
The record on the official Construction Industry Development Board website shows the sort of government contracts that have been handed to these companies. Take for example the RM300 million contract handed to Semangat Progresif by the Ministry of Finance to build a Traffic Police Station!
Folks, it’s not a pretty picture, but I won’t apologize for sounding like a broken record about it in the pages of this blog. It’s a crisis we’d better face earlier than later.
I do believe most White men won’t care how you wear your hair as long as it looks good as evidenced by this poster who shared her story on http://www.naturallycurly.com/
It is rarely a good idea to pitch a new beer on top of an old yeast cake as it's almost always over-pitching but again I'll defer to a rather brilliant and extensive post on the subject by a professional brewer on HomeBrewTalk who says it better than I ever could.
Even so, we saw primroses.
How are you enjoying your family moments?
We met in college at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, nicknamed "J. Crew U." A few years out of college and based on the West Coast (Allison in Newport Beach, Calif., and Julia in San Francisco, Calif.), we love finding new and fresh ways to apply our undergraduate degrees in Prep.
Going to try to do it more often. I'd say every day but we'll see, its pretty hard on the ol' leg muscles!
From Lorong Halus Wetland, turn to Pasir Ris Farmway 3. Keep left and look out for the entry to the canal. It is a short cut to Pasir Ris Drive 3. The curb along the canal is narrow and only passable for one bicycle one way. There is grass on the right side to turn to if you see another cyclist from the opposite direction.
Tom: Budweiser, of course. Bridgestone quiet basketballs. Neh.
and a buffet breakfast.
Trip Jennings
Although we left in renewed spirits, I still keep a close eye on hubby – just in case. The process of grieving has no time limits, and there are many varying stages to boot such as denial, anger, bargaining, depression and finally acceptance.
38 man
Needle + Thread
They offer a variety of salads with names like "Thai & The Family Stone" and "The Thriller" which can easily be Veganized. There are also gluten-free, personal pizzas. We had "The Ramble" which is a Vegan medley of onions, peppers, sun-dried tomatoes, fennel, artichoke and broccoli. This was heaven, especially since we've been missing pizza so much! There was so much flavor on that pizza, we never missed the gluten or the cheese.
Key Lesson: If we are willing to give up our plans for the future, we can take part in Jesus’ plans
The Champion of Sunrooms in the Market
Not by a long shot.
I can’t remember the last time I saw my true reflection.
i have new life again
never regret
Papers: watercolor papers and GIna K cardstock for base
Socks: Rugby (given the inspiration of the day I thought it worth mentioning)
This idea is something I really need to try, especially for those shirts I accidentally put in the dryer. They end up being just a little too tight and they don't stretch out enough. This is from Craftster.
At her worst, it was a $400-a-day drug addiction.
Southampton Pumpkin Ale
The festival is usually hosted in the early month of July, though I make no promises as this depends on the organisers’ whims and famcies. So, come the next Sabah Folklore Fest, be sure to make a date.
The wader I tend to find the most, a Redshank at the edge of the water:
At the university, my writing has been noticed a lot lately. I have no idea where this all came from, but it might have something to do with the fact that I've been writing like a nutcase lately. Write, and improve, I guess that's the natural cycle. But success is so strange, and it's all dumping down on my head at once. This is a good thing, definitely a good thing! But strange. And a bit overwhelming. AND UNEXPECTED. Did I mention that yet? Because that's a big one.
If you remember, I have mentioned my dear friend, Paula, in my blog before. Paula called me up the other day to ask if I had any more key beads for sale. I took a look around. She said she needed 9 of them. I found a few more than 9, so she was able to choose the ones she wanted.
Serve warm or at room temperature - I recommend with a big dollop of vanilla icecream.
And now, big drum roll ... the winner!
The Lord clearly defined the roles of mothers and fathers in providing for and rearing a righteous posterity. In the beginning, Adam–not Eve–was instructed to earn the bread by the sweat of his brow. Contrary to conventional wisdom, a mother’s calling is in the home, not in the market place.
I will no longer have an expectation of restaurant food,
Non-violence is a great idea, conceived by and borrowed from the great Ghandi, and the message of the New Testament, to love everyone and forgive your enemies and conquer hate with love is a nice idea, but not what I have observed in my six plus decades of living. There are no doubt those who would say the reason love is having such a struggle against hate and peace is having such a struggle against violence and good is having such a struggle against evil is that not enough people believe in the messages of Dr. King.
Follow Margaret and Michael on a holiday of love journey, a throwback to the kinky pagan sex rituals once practiced long ago on this day before it was named after a saint. You may want to take notes to enhance your own Valentine's Day this year!
It is a sign of exceptional self-righteousness bordering on schizophremia to think that those who disagree with you must be paid to do so, as Kristian Niemietz explained in a perceptive article last week.
When speaking at the Nations and Regions Media conference in Salford today, Vertue added, however, that it is far too early at the moment to confirm any of the Series Three broadcast dates.
ISBN CD: 9781455869749 (Unabridged)
Did you think Girl Scouts was just camping and cookies?
One must be so careful these days.
This is a regular-repeat-read-aloud at our house. It is one of the kid's favorite books, and I enjoy reading it too! We have read it so many times that both kids have the book memorized and even two year old Sophia can recite the verse that goes with each illustration. The verse in this book is easily repeatable and one thing fun that we do with this book is make up your own Jesse Bear rhymes throughout the day. We do this often, except we say "Marcus Bear" and "Sophie Bear" instead of "Jesse Bear".
To a zoologist a seal is a pinniped (from Latin pinna, wing or fin, and ped-, foot), a fin-footed semiaquatic marine mammal; the majority – those known as true seals or earless seals – being members of the family Phocidae. But what do scientists know? They might very well be the descendants of a man called Kane or “the souls of drowned men” or fallen angels like the fairies, except that they had fallen into the sea and became seals or they might simply turn out to be fur-clad Finns, travelling by kayak: it depends who you’re listening to and how good a storyteller they are. And there are not a few contained within the pages of this book.
And carried.
The book begins with Janamejaya performing the “yagya(sarpa satra)” that is supposed to kill all the nagas on the earth in order to avenge the death of his father Parikshit(who died because of a snake bite). All the snakes are driven to the yagya and start burning alive. One of the snakes who has the knowledge of Mahabharata asks Janamejaya to reconsider his action against the nagas and starts narrating the Mahabharata in order to convince him. Janamejaya is Arjuna’s descendant and is apparently unaware of the story of Mahabharata.
Utilizing acupuncture or chakra therapy are some of the ways that can help in freeing up these blocked energies and bringing them into balance.
Close the ceremony with Cascading Awens**
Farmer’s Neighbor #2: (very upset) Me neither…we will start a consumer revolution!
And that shouldn’t be a surprise, what with my diabetes, high blood pressure and low testosterone.
Water 1/2 tsp calcium chloride split between mash and sparge
And when all was completed and he had carried us so for joy, *
Hello everyone! Hope y'all are having fun. For today, I have a quick and fun way to use up that scrap stash. Tags! Tags are such a versitile craft. You can use tags as bookmarks, decorations, and gift tags. Today I have two different tags to show you.
needless to say we wont be asking this sponsor to sponsor again :(
Thus you will need to take the general principles in this book and apply them to your own enterprise. Without working close­ly with you, we can’t identify for you the best social media goals, strategies, sites, and techniques for your business. Only you can do that, and you should use your overall mission, strategy, and goals to determine your social media strategy.
Drug Dispensation and Pharmaceutical Counselling
We all lie every day. We’re all liars and we’re all trying whilst lying? I’m a judge and I’m a jury within the own world in which I live, and within my own world that I’ve so tenderly created for meself.
Check out E's flag football team!
- Zipper closure with petal-shaped tab and a split leather pull finished with golden orbs
But over on the West side-
And the bird’s eye view of the police actually opening fire.
substance in it and a rolled up
Katy: Why are you such an ass?
The only cop-out? This isn’t baked. Yeah, cheesecake purists, this is a no-bake cheesecake. No. Bake.
All opinions are 100% mine.
When the Rabbi blessed Katie at the end of the service, his words took me back to my own childhood. The ‘Cheder’ or Saturday School, where my strongest memories were not of any religious teaching but of the times we sang happy birthday to someone, or played hide and seek behind the beautifully stained windows. And I realised how seamlessly the past flows into the present and catches us out when it gets there. Glancing again at my nieces and their beard-clad boyfriends, it occurred to me that before I know it, the present will already have flowed on into the future.
The online store Shopping Golightly premiered on Etsy this October 16th selling vintage finds with plans to eventually include handmade items. Hah! It was a small, intimate premier.
Hope all is well in your crafty space :) Today I'm showing off my latest May Arts challenge submission (Which I'm also using to throw my name into the Hobby Baby design team call hat featured HERE on their blog!)
Lets open the doors of our hearts to Him as He knocks, waiting for us to believe His promises, His great plans for us, and His unending love for us.
Serves 4 to 6
The obvious question is why is this EO necessary in the absence of any threat of an invasion or even an attack?
Terence E. Adderley, 22, Bloomfield Hills, Mich.
have given everything just for someone
The rest of Saturday was spent being lazy. After a nap to recover from our shopping trip, we did manage to drag ourselves out the door and I finally was able to purchase some mums and pumpkins for our front porch. It looks so much more festive and fall-ish now.
Weber Charcoal Grill Reviews (webercharcoalgrillreviews.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
“You’re married?” He took a step back. “I didn’t know.” He looked betrayed. “I . . . “ He took another step back. The ice in the tea clanked, as he bumped the table. “I didn’t know.” Then he left as quickly as he came.
A small block of Tamago (sweet egg custard) rounded off the sushi line-up. It was delectable – spongy, with a cake-like texture and a restrained sweetness. Hiro-san told us a good tamago is a testament to the chef that made it and was visibly pleased when we praised his.
Ian Tregillis is a debut novelist, scientist, screenwriter, man of leisure, and best of all mammal. His alternative history trilogy, The Milkweed Triptych, which starts with Bitter Seeds has just recently been released from Tor Books. His work has also appeared in the latest volumes of George R.R. Martin's Wild Cards.
"Dear Lora, Someone who loves you signed you up to get some love from a fellow Mother Pucker! Thank Rants from Mommyland...Have a wonderful Mama's Day. Thanks for being a good Mama."
Following our release of several of the highly incriminating documents that have come into our possession relating to the case, a number of international bodies have started to take a closer look at the evidence.
If company had stopped on by,
Let's take a walk around town...
Swimming Pool – this is another one I now want to see, but after reading the plot and the deliberately ambiguous ending to the film that is described I think this does not seem to have any indicators of BPD for either of the women (Sarah and Julie) in fact with the one possible interpretation at the end being that Sarah was alone and that Julie was not real is that it could be a film representing a condition such as dissociative identity disorder (DID).
It's amazing what you can make with an old cardboard box and some printer paper and a few other found items in nature and the basement + Plaster of Paris & Clay.
DFNWP Blog (dfnwpblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
I do have what I consider the perfect red, Devil from Make up Store, which is a cold scarlet red. Rarely wear it though because a good red requires impeccable skin, white teeth and being able to remember you are indeed wearing makeup. I have and am neither. Rather than wear more cover and remember to be a lady at all times, I just don't wear red.
With the direction of the Board of Una Voce Toronto, Vox is forming the Una Voce Toronto Choir to be available for various Masses which we sponsor over the course of the year.
No such luck on the Sunday. We're in a different part of town that day and one of the soloists from the Saturday can't make the Sunday so I'm doing her song for her. So Abigail will sing Tell me on a Sunday on the Saturday and I'll sing Tell me on a Sunday on the Sunday! Our slot is 10am to 11am which is a tad early and I suspect we'll be singing to the birds and the drunks still wandering around from the night before. But we are troopers and although we may be warbling Oh What a Beautiful Morning on a cold and piddly December day, we will do it with gusto.
For Paul Gustavson, a hack writer for the wildly popular For Morons series, life is a succession of obstacles. His wife has left him, his father has suffered a debilitating stroke, his girlfriend is dating another man, he has impotency issues, and his overachieving brother invested his parents' money in stocks that tanked. Still, Paul has his friends at Bay State bar, a steady line of cocktails, and a new pair of running shoes (he’s promised himself to get in shape). And then there’s Stella, the one constant in his life, who gives him sage advice, doesn’t judge him, and gives him unconditional love. However, Stella won’t accompany Paul into his favorite dive bar. "I'll roll on dead carp, I'll even eat cat turds, but that place grosses me out." Stella, you see, is Paul's aging Lab-shepherd mix, and she knows Paul better than he knows himself.
focus on a pinpoint in a
Oh perhaps I shouldn't have mentioned the other blog. It's mist, it's vapor, it's in another world in a universe of screens.
I love you all more than words can express!
Then some nights, like tonight, I just sit here and there's nothing.
My broken blood runs through your veins
It is also a great picnic bread, sliced and put together with some cream cheese in the middle. Oh so scrummy!
Oh-OK - The Complete Recordings (recorded 1982-1984). Now this is an Athens band I love. Led by Michael Stipe's sister Lynda and Linda Hopper, Oh-OK was a fascinating band. At first, they featured Stipe on bass and vocals, Hopper on vocals, and a drummer pumping out dance beats. Later they added Matthew Sweet on guitar, and that's great, too, but I like 'em best with the more stripped-down sound.
So what do you suggest for warding off insomnia? I may already be trying some of your possible suggestions (going to bed at a reasonable and regular time, winding down before then, reading a little, deep breathing), but I could use some help, and who better to turn to than you?
To Rick Santorum for having said on the Rush Limbaugh Show, on June 8, 2011:
“Delivery. Said our school uniforms would help. No cops are going to search some catholic school kids, specially a white one. He don’t need us to watch the corners or anything like that, just take packages downtown. Those customers are straight, they don’t want trouble. Just their drugs.”
Here's all you have to do to enter to win:
Some Games & Information applications available vary from phone to phone. Many of the headingley cricket ashes in the headingley cricket ashes a female field cricket may be happening in the Cricket World Cup including speculation about who the headingley cricket ashes will be. This can give rise many other things. You can browse the Cricket World Cup including speculation about who the headingley cricket ashes will be. This can be accessed only through subscription on the cricket ashes 2005. The female cricket's forewings are narrow and are wrapped closely to the cricket ashes history, the cricket ashes tour and follow all regulations envisaged by particular site you are simply dying to download best cricket wallpaper on accessories they have. There seems great demand of cricket fans, and these are the headingley cricket ashes where one can easily get to know and follow all regulations envisaged by particular site you are a species of crickets: house crickets, field crickets, ground crickets, cave crickets, mole crickets, snowy tree cricket and walk cricket, it confines, purely to the headingley cricket ashes are generally very loud and are attracted to light unlike other crickets. They also eat paper products.
So don’t focus on how many challenges you face. Focus on God instead. Don’t allow the various challenges coming against you to discourage you. God is watching over your life, and he is more than able to handle your problems, whether they come one at a time or in bunches.
He was a hypochondriac of the first order.
I plan to return once more, hopefully on a very sunny day to get a different effect with the cameras. But how this trip is going fast! I'm about two-thirds through my time in Paris, and I feel like I haven't seen nearly enough. The first week was about building my walking legs; the second was about introducing MP to Paris; and the third was about managing a horrible cold! And the fourth has been about visiting various chateaux. I've got my work cut out for me if I'm to see it all.
single ladies: his voice will make your knees grow weak.
campus. They are running about 170 & so many people are excited about
Investigating a report, we have witnessed a time-slip near Shiloh, Tennessee, where soldiers under the command of General Ulysses S. Grant — yes, soldiers from the Civil War era — are engaged in battle with Draco ground troops. Gattling guns seem to do damage on lizard bodies, but most of the fighting is hand-to-hand combat.
My brother had come in to work as well and some of his friends came to the bar so we decided to stay and have some cocktails. 2 of my favorite girls came into the bar as well. We will name them Cuervo and flasher. Cuervo because this is all the girl drinks and flasher for my dear friend who felt she needed to keep flashing me the next night at Cubby Bear. So they arrive and have some dinner and drinks. I finish up with my tables and decide to hang out. I am being talked into staying for awhile and going to Houndstooth. I repark my car in case I need to stay in the city and head on over to the other bar. At this point it is me, Cuervo, and Flasher. Flasher paralell parked in front of a cop like a pro, a little buzz helps instead of imparing your driving, stupid traffic classes have no clue what they are talking about, jokes on them. Anyway we arrive into Houndstooth and instantly grab drinks and shots (I mean it's Wednesday so why not right?) I made friends with the bartender (Lou) and we went to join my brother and his friends at their table. Cuervo decided to be lord of the dance and set her purse down with some randoms and let the legs do the work. She just couldnt stop! i had downed some drinks and more Jamo (more than I should have at this point) and the rest of our group joined us shortly after. Mrs. Southside, Muffy, Asian Situation, Kirkvegas and our newest recruit USA. (USA is called that because he always has some sort of American flag with him, he is also a part of the red team.) So anyway my brothers friends leave and so does Flasher. Cuervo starts to get a bit to drunk and we put her in a cab (after fighting with her to not walk through the city of chicago by herself) and then it's the Schoolyard crew.
My submission is that the modern-day conservatism of the English-speaking world is a survival into modern times of an ancient human tradition that the English inherited from their Germanic ancestors -- the invaders (Angles and Saxons) from coastal Germany who overran Romano-Celtic Britannia around 1500 years ago and made it into England. They brought with them a very decentralized, consultative, largely tribal system of government that was very different from the Oriental despotisms that had ruled the civilized world for most of human history up to that time. And they liked their decentralized, consultative system very much. So much so that the system just kept on keeping on in England, century after century, despite many vicissitudes. Only the 20th century really shook it. So conservatism in English-origin countries is simply Anglo-Saxon traditional values.
Here are the products the generous ladies at Urban Scrapbook Supplied me with!
Gani’s Hype and Hypocrisy
A recent White Paper released by the National Population and Talent Division under the Prime Minister’s Office recommends Singapore taking in 20,000 to 25,000 new citizens each year.
Like the first slave, we have no way to repay God for all the debts, sins, trespasses in our lives. We cannot work to earn our way back into God’s favour. When finally faced with the situation that we are powerless, stuck with no way out, we have no option but to throw ourselves on God’s mercy. God, in his outrageous generosity, forgives us and makes us debt free. What Paul reminds us of is that this freedom is not of our doing; we have nothing to boast about at all. It is God’s love and mercy which restores us from our condition of being condemned to death by our actions to being raised to a new life in Christ. It is by grace we are saved.
710 Haight Street House, San Francisco, CA summer 1967
Learn about the existing products on the market, and detailed analysis of the competitive environments, including potential markets for novel products and assay development. This report highlights the main segments in the sample preparation industry: genomics, proteomics, and epigenomics…
Poor poor Buddy is sick again this week. He’s had pneumonia. On Monday morning we took him to the doctor and they put both kids on antibiotics. Monday during the day his temp shot up to 104 and I couldn’t get it to stay down. Cool baths worked short term but his temp would go right back up after he got out. Finally on Monday evening we took him back in. Poor kiddo was so so sick. The dr. said that between that morning (when he was diagnosed with a sinus infection) and that evening he had developed pneumonia. Thank goodness they had given him the right antibiotic that morning. It took 5 or 6 doses of alternating tylenol and advil (every 3 hours) to get his fever down to around 100. He’s also on steroid and albuterol breathing treatments. Poor little guy has been so so sick. He’s only got one more day of antibiotics and they’ve finally kicked in! His temp is normal and he’s doing so much better. he’s still coughing but I have a feeling that will take a little while to kick. Little Miss Sassy Pants has been sick with the same thing but it didn’t turn into pneumonia for her. She had to miss Valentines day at school and that was terrible for her.
I love Spanish wine and am fascinated by Tempranillo, so as soon as I heard about this Tuscan Tempranillo that Leonardo grew at San Miniato I just had to experience it for myself. It was not only the wines that drew me, but the story – above all how and why did the grape get there?
I am not sure if it is just the sound... or short for Bubba... binky... bite-bite... bye, bye... or booby!!
It would be so much easier to just travel and be at home, I guess. But would it hum? Would my life hum? Would everything be satisfactual? And really, would it be actual? Would I really know and breathe teaching like I do?
Illinois – “Land of Lincoln – up until the end.”
I know I get more comments on shorter posts with pics, and/or very enthusiastic ones... It doesn't stop me from posting at other times though...
Disney Prep & Landing: Naughty vs. Nice ... ABC Family ... 5:30 PM
Since the whole item is intended to celebrate a significant birthday for my younger sister, I added the year in i-cord. I was ten, and had always considered myself as the little one in the family, when my sister was born. Fortunately, I have enjoyed her company from the first moment she came home from the hospital - how can that possibly be so long ago?
Cat puking, no mosquitoes last night. One bite actually. How absurd is that? Did I kill the fucker in my sleep? Ants though this morning in Bean’s bowl. Time for the war against the ants. Got to buy the little black pillboxes of ant-death.
Nor would AV help the British National Party win any seats. Even the secondary votes of British National Party supporters alone are unlikely to swing a seat for any other party. In a politically very divided constituency, we actually have a better chance of winning a seat under First Past the Post (FPTP) than under AV.
ND - I think it’s your job to speculate. It’s my job to try to solve the problems.
I still haven't used my Kindle again, but I'm off to Berlin for Easter and I've downloaded in readiness the novel we're reading for the next reading group: John Banville's Book of Evidence. I also downloaded The Great Gatsby, as, although we already had a copy in the house, my partner and I and a friend are re-reading it simultaneously to discuss it.
M - Music you love: Mercy me I can only imagine
I remember being completely obsessed with all things Jack Bruce. These days I can analyse it in a way that I couldn't back then - I see him as a very accomplished singer, a very accomplished arranger and a very accomplished composer -- and incidentally a bass player too. You can't really make a career out of just being a bass player, you have to be a bass player in the context of something else… what a great role model.. The only thing he doesn't do of course is write bearable words, but you can't win ‘em all.
"Yes, please tell me and I'll do it. I promise."
9. Add to skillet, stir, cover and cook another 25 minutes until meat is tender.
This morning I woke up still a little pissed off. We drank our coffee and I tried not to let it show. He spent most of his morning hanging out with G, watching cartoons, playing cars, and rough housing. He even asked me to wake L up early so he could hang out with her too. I knew it! He felt guilty about all the fun he was going to have too! I imagined him on the plane listening to his Ipod and relaxing; not handing our kids snacks or balancing 674832060 toys and a DVD player like I have to do when I fly with the kids. I imagine him having time in the airport to get a coffee and read the paper while waiting for his plane, maybe he will have time to take a nap today so he doesn’t get jet lagged?? There is no nap in my schedule. Why does he get to be the cool career guy? Why does he get to go to big conferences and mingle with other adults?
We do not understand the mystery of the tri-unity of God. But we do know what the Son has revealed to us. The Father begets the Son by giving Him everything—the infinity of divinity. The Holy Spirit proceeds by the Son giving it back.
us is our hope of perfection. Thou dost wash our feet because we are
One of my previous Hispanic co-workers used to make Chicken Chilaquiles for us at work. Many times we ate them over scrambled eggs for a tasty breakfast. We served in-house Salsa Verde so this is what he used when making them.
In unrelated news, my little guy is getting big. Filling out, solid limbs, visible muscle definition in legs now... It's freaking me out. As most parents do in times such as these, I suppose, I am recalling with fondness and nostalgia (and teary eyes) memories from his very early childhood.
For my main course, I tryed the NY Times recipe for Roasted Squash w/ Sage Cornbread Stuffing and Vegetable Ragout. I used seitan rather than tempeh, because seitan is more turkey-esque to me. The cornbread stuffing, studded with sage and roasted chesnuts, was very sweet and crunchy, while the stew-like ragout on top was filled with savory leeks, parsnips, carrots, seitan and shrooms. Next time I would have added a little soy sauce or tamari to add a bit more salt to the ragout. It was pretty much perfect though, and definitely centerpiece-worthy.
Sure, look over to the left, about halfway down, where it says, "History of Hilarity". There you can click on any month and bring up the posts for that month.
That issue of shame strikes at the core of the mixed message coming from evangelicals about the issue of sexuality.
This is not a romance novel in any way shape or form. This is a straight up piece of commercial fiction.
The key thing here is for Governor Christie to remain vigilant. He’s going to pummelled for this by every Sierra Club Seminarian from Cape May to Hardwick Township. There will be dire predictions of environmental catastrophe if the 65 million dollars aren’t reallocated. That’s all to be expected. New Jersey is a blue state and many folks are simply too wedded to their tree-humping do-gooder narratives to understand why the governor is cutting the global warming fundage.
I was out of work early on friday and planned on getting out and looking for a dress for our sales meeting at the end of the month...
76 ***2. “Law and Morality: On Lord Devlin, Plato’s Meno, and Jacob Klein.” Wisconsin Law Review, vol. 1967, pp. 231-51 (1967). (Incorporated in Item B-2, above, pp. 74-86, 268-81 (1975).)
she answered.
09/02/09 SELL XAUUSD 0.01 956.55
lifestyle choices now a matter of laissez-faire;
Both “Raving And Drooling” and “You’ve Got To Be Crazy” come across with more confidence than earlier performances from this tour, but there are no major developments in either piece compositionally compared to the initial dates; “Raving” has the familiar driving pulse and is structurally close to it’s later incarnation “Sheep,” but features some different lyrics and lacks the 23rd Psalm variant. Some nice “Eugene” screams about 11 minutes in that are worth mentioning though!
That’s really what I got myself into!
Anyways this concludes the last part of my holiday haul posts...i hope you guys like them, and find the swatches useful as your reference..again, if you have any questions of request, don't hesitate to ask, i will gladly answer all of them.
Okay, Johnson too played some unfamiliar center role in his first NBA Finals due to Kareem Abdul-Jabbar’s injury. But, he made it and, amazingly, won the both Finals team and individual awards only in his rookie year!
this is a very watered down example of what she refers to in great length as "control patterns".
And, now we're in Paris.
Fast forward to April 2012 and my daughter and I are browsing the flicks at a Redbox outside our grocery store. She's got her heart set on seeing either some animated Barbie mermaid movie or the latest installment in the Alvin and the Chipmunks "franchise". I'm a good dad so I'm game for some playtime and CHIPWRECKED (luckily, the Barbie mermaid flick is checked out) but something else on the Redbox poster catches my eye.
game
Spellbinders Lacey Circles
Enjoying Ally Carter's spy series (ok so I've only read the first one to date..I do have the rest!), this one really caught my eye. It sounded awesome. Only at first I didn't enjoy it as much as I'd expected to. The style of writing is a bit different to what I'm used to, because there was a lot of pov changes in quite quick succession. I found it a little difficult to read the first paragraph of each section because of the style of font it was in, but that's a formatting issue.
Three wonderful girls who I hope to see again very soon.
I used up all of the remaining toilet paper to dry off the strap. And then I gingerly carried my purse out of the portpotty from hell and asked the people selling beer if they had any hand santizer.
So,as a true worshiper,share this truth with others.Be a witness.
