Many thanks to Jennifer Bartlett, Sheila Black, and Michael Northern for bringing several of us together, who are interested in discourses around "disability," and then spending much of this year editing our collected contributions of poetry and essay to the forthcoming anthology, Beauty Is A Verb: An Anthology of Poetry, Poetics, and Disability. Of course I've yet to see most of the specific contributions herein, but knowing many of the current contributors' work more generally, I think it safe to say that this anthology will, as Jennifer notes below, be wide-ranging within the largely contested bounds of disability studies as examined poetically. Many thanks too to those who contributed to Nonsite Collective's curricula on somatic practices, the commons, and disability/post-abelism. The curricula span the years 2008-present and each suite, as intersecting with the others, has influenced my thinking/writing thru "disability" -- perhaps more than any other one transitory locus of activity. (See the curriculum pages for past talks/discussions/performances etc.)
Like it?
Why It Worked: This was certainly an adventurous pairing. The Terminal Stout, a big dry-hopped, milk chocolate stout, is not exactly what comes to mind when you think of pot pie. Then again, neither is serving the pie in a kabocha squash (that's a Japanese pumpkin for our squash-illiterate). After the first taste, it was clear that these two were going to play nicely. The dryness on the finish, thanks to the dry-hopping, did its anticipated job of cutting through the rich cream in the broth, but without any of the typical citrus or herbal flavors you would expect to accompany the hops. Just a clean slice through the fat. The broth was heavily spiced with cloves, and when combining a bit of the kobucha in the broth with the beer, the chocolate notes completed the pairing and transformed the dish into a savory chocolate pumpkin pie. Unexpected, yet the flavors built on each other in the way you hope to find within new pairings.
I bought a bunch of bananas at the grocery. put all but one in the trunk.
I love listening to Christmas music and painting ornaments with my nephew... the smell of sweet peppermint and evergreen. I love pretty wrapping paper and brightly colored bows... ornaments covered in glitter that twinkle in the lights of the tree. I love spending time with my family and even those reruns of holiday movies on the Hallmark Channel.
On page 11 of the booklet all USS members recently received you will see a section entitled ‘What pension increases can I expect to get?’ There, it explains that the ‘annual increases to official pensions, usually effective from each April, are linked to changes in inflation over the 12 months up to the previous September’. So, as regards next April, yesterday’s published figure of 5.2% applies. The blurb in the booklet here does not explain that CPI is the measure applied, not RPI. RPI is a more honest figure for the calculation of inflation, because it includes the cost of mortgage rises. More of that below.
Comfort food! What do those two words conjure up when you hear them? For me, I think of the old stand-by favorites that my Mom and Grandma used to make. Meatloaf, Spaghetti, Fried Chicken and Macaroni and Cheese to name a few. Comfort foods usually have a nostalgic or sentimental appeal. They are typically easy-to-eat, easy-to-digest, calorie rich and nutrient rich meals. Comfort foods are eaten to positively pique emotions, to relieve negative psychological effects or to increase positive feelings.
115×1
Go up in a white phosphorous blast.
National Institutes of Health (Mail)
Lucy Wilson
And dark, descending stairway found
Back in Paris to investigate her brother’s disappearance, Jac becomes haunted by the legend the House of L’Etoile has been espousing since 1799. Is there a scent that can unlock the mystery of reincarnation – or is it just another dream infused perfume?
We should also be reminded that a historian and a biographer of Gandhi is hampered as only a part of the archive is available to us. Gandhi destroyed most of the letters that Kallenbach wrote to him, hence we have only half a story.
My latest book is coming out as soon as I finish reading the 2nd proof. I love the cover: it’ s a composite photo that includes an eye. Guess who’s eye? Pops from an old WWII picture when he was coming off a field in Guam.
I feel like I’m more in tune with my body than I’ve ever been. I’m appreciating all the hard work it’s doing for me and I’m really looking forward to the new home it is building me. The worst detox effects have calmed down now, but I still get daily evidence of the process. I will do a TMI post later on, but for now suffice to say there are things leaking out one way or another pretty much all the time. And I love it!
Stop by and check it all out!!
04. Magical Light - 2:50
Bas to give interview at UWI later.
Its quaint events were hammered out--
JD: “My old roommate.”
As both a soldier and a natural born regenerator, he can heal from any wound, but to stay alive he must accept a vein-burning serum that prevents his DNA from over-mutating. In exchange Eric must follow his Chief Commander’s every order. And never ask questions, no matter the assignment.
My right ring finger was suddenly spilling blood. No skin remained to fold over the wound – a clear chunk was removed. I ran through the house yelling profanities, and looking for a bandage. Later I would retrace my steps with a paper towel, cleaning up the puddles on the floor.
"Should current growth trends continue, the number of U.S. craft distillers will certainly grow to over 1,000," said Michael Kinstlick, CEO of Coppersea Distilling, located in West Park, Ulster County, NY. "Craft distilling is following the lead of the farm winery and craft brewery industries, which have both grown to support thousands of small firms."
If you are intersted you have a couple of options:
08 Midnite Run
So they sprang to the window to see what was the matter.
Stephen Fry who plays Jeeves in the series about the duo said the following about Wodehouse,
50=Vermont
Finally, be sure to checkout my links to other Home Brewers sites and references for those of you interested in pursuing this great tradition.
June 10 Louisville, KY KFC Yum! Center
And he walked off …
My kids don’t eat pizza anymore.
Think about breaking up.. Remember that you deserve to feel safe and accepted in your relationship.
Tonight Hugh was kneeling and saying his prayers. ..
I haven't posted in a while and I have lots of pictures so here are some picture updates...
This month's Selected Entries starts in July, when I arrived in Central City.
14. Don’t take wood for granite.
This week would not be too soon for this to happen.
The chili contained the usual suspects: kidney & pinto beans, tomatoes, red bell pepper, red onion, garlic, cumin, smoked paprika, a pinch of cocoa powder, salt & pepper, and lots of slow & low cooking time.
I would say at this moment
So, what did I do?
My spot which has been erased is telling me to go far away (What do I do, what do I do without you)
Guilt and Fear. The two main weapons used to keep the people under control.
Recipe: Garbage Vegetable Stock
The USDA has for years repeatedly cited Jambbas for AWA violations, including unsanitary conditions, hazardous enclosures, failure to provide adequate veterinary care, and failure to supply sufficient quantities of food and potable water. Yet the agency has continued to renew Jambbas’ license, despite the fact that the AWA clearly prohibits the licensing of a facility that is not in compliance with the Act.
Yelling out to my brother
As the room a-spinning goes
Mayflies, which spend most of their lives as larvae, are sometimes called “one-day-flies” because they spend only one day at most, as adults during which time they mate and die. In the fossil record, they always appear with the same physiological features. These insects, which have remained unchanged for millions of years, affirm that Creation is a clear fact.
22. The surface area of a human lung is equal to a tennis court.
The beauty of the I Like Books is that they focus on one-two image(s) per page and provide a highly engaging, simplistic, repetitive text that is perfect for readability and fluency (they also offer a read to me/read to myself option where text is highlighted). Consider reading the I Like series with your child and even venturing into the LAZ readers by ReadSmart Mobile. These iPad/iPod apps are leveled reader books that focus on a wide variety of topics (e.g. Making Pizza, Art Around Us (paid), Going Places (paid), Bananas Sometimes, Busy at School (paid), A Week with Grandpa (paid), Places People Live (paid), and I Fly Hot Air Balloons: interview (paid). While they do not have a “read to me” feature (one can always turn on the VoiceOver accessibility feature found in the general settings if you so desire narration), they do include definitions and are perfect for early readers Kindergarten through third grade (with promise of advanced reading levels in the near future).
In order to lift David up, God had to reach down low, stretching a hand deep into the darkness to pull the shepherd-king on out to safety and firm ground and light and life.
To do what you just did.”
marigold
around...and where the tank empties if I feel the fuel it would take
My week has been full of new blessings and items to remember. I wrote them down in a journal so I wouldn’t forget.
the crime of believing in
You could add ingredients to a food processor to amalgamate if you like to help kick start everything or go the old fashioned method of:
There is only one way I can get to work without becoming a grumpy employee these days, and I'm the first to admit it just might be a little ridiculous. I have a four-song playlist that I put on repeat, and every single one of those four songs is of the Christmas variety. Hey, I'm entitled to it: December 25th is less than three weeks away, after all.
so this is what I used this time.
I hurried and snapped a couple pictures, threw a few more in a container for Little Butt and me to enjoy the next day, and walked the rest of the pan over to my mom's house.
Don’t think you own America
As a stay at home mom, I have occasionally noticed a certain level of patronization and derision aimed my way by the more left-leaning, feminist career women sector. There seems to be a perception that stay at home moms are rich women who are not pulling their weight in society and have taken the easy way out or, even sillier, that those women are victims of male hegemony who have been brainwashed and, poor creatures, simply don't know any better. The reality is far different, but more on that in a minute.
bling (as inspired by her jewelry)
THE impact on my last year’s group of students was evident and they only got to experience the iPads for about 6 weeks. Many have come to visit me this year and they all ask about the iPads and how my students like them this year. I can only imagine what the final word for this years group of kids will be when they have closed the book on 5th grade. Only time will reveal these reflections.
I feel as if I'm living through similar predicaments over and over again. Life is perhaps trying to give me the opportunity to learn here. So, this time, I want to learn properly.
Meanwhile someone announced that Tirumal’s bed was empty. He didn’t return to his tent.
Since her death, I believe Jill has remained by my side, and continues to watch over me and my family as our guardian angel. You've read this post about how I believe she intervened on behalf of Christina when she was born. There have been other times as well, such as this one and a few others that I haven't blogged about. I have felt her presence at times when I needed her to reassure me. I have seen her in dreams, heard her voice whispering on the wind when no one else was around, and I have seen her face in a crowd, only to have her vanish when I looked again. I believe she is with me always, and it isn't just wishful thinking. Angels are real, and Jill is one of them. Call me crazy, but I believe that with all my heart.
In general, poor B vitamin levels will cause profound fatigue and an assortment of neurologic manifestations, which may include weakness, poor balance, confusion, irritability, memory loss, nervousness, tingling of the limbs, and loss of coordination.
Kasoori Methi- 1 Tbs
Even John the Baptist, when in prison, had this type of doubt. Since he was obviously a physical prisoner of King Herod, and, since he believed that Jesus had come to set the “captives free”, why wasn’t Jesus working on delivering him from captivity? For this reason John sent his disciples to ask Jesus, ” … are you the One who is to come or shall we wait for another?” (Matt. 11:3)
It's funny what conversations come up when you're busy in the kitchen. During the course of zesting and dipping and frying the newly trained chef happened to mention that he wanted to make this meal for his new "friend".
through pain
For every comment you leave in March on a 31/31 post on my blog and/or on the blog of the spotlighted artist, you will have that many chances to win one of three prizes in my giveaway. The more comments you leave, the more chances you have (but only 1 per post please). First prize is a copy of The Pulse of Mixed Media signed by many (and I mean many) of the 133 artists that have contributed to the book. Second and third prizes are one copy each of the book signed by yours truly.
Cracked pepper to taste
Chupa xx
So, here I was, scanning the headlines from around the globe, as is my wont after a long day. Suddenly, I got this overwhelming feeling that the Revolution has begun.
I RUSH to my laptop before it's too late.
CD: Have you ever had any embarrassing moments?
Lacey
Randy said he wanted to work things out. He was confused and distraught. We started counseling and embarked on the arduous journey toward healing--one that's difficult to describe in a short blog. It all seems so tidy. We persevered. We made it through, even though it was tough. Yes, there is life and reconciliation possible after adultery. But at what price?
I started writing online at art school, to help journal my progress and its continued into my online life journal. I hope it stands for a decent season so my children and grandchildren might have a record of their whakapapa. The past few years have also seen a brief interlude where posts were sporadic with a new baby in our home and times where I didn't want to contrive material just to make a noise. I'm back again with the ever pressing desire to write and share again. I also have the time to indulge in this habit of mine, now that the youngest is in kindergarten a few precious hours a week.
Where the hound dogs bark
Maybe I looked horrified, maybe I looked like I didn’t know what I was hearing, but I knew something was not quite right. I knew because the teachers never mentioned the little incident again. Just like the guy in year nine English three years ago had a scared look on his face every time he saw either Robyn or I.
(Don’t bother looking in the bill summary I linked to, the first “quote” doesn’t exist in the summary.)
5 well earned stars
I can not even remember when I first decide I wanted to write a book . The desire has had to be in me since childhood, perhaps even being placed in my heart before I was born. What I do know is that it has always been on my mind. I have a few titles in my head, a few started written works. What I have never done though is taken it seriously.
One senior figure says: “There are some who say this is a blip. I don’t buy that. We are not John Major’s government yet. But if we don’t get our act together by the party conference in the autumn we will be in trouble. I think I’ve worked out the problem. In Nos 10 and 11 they are not that bright. They all like to give the impression that they are so much cleverer than us. But they aren’t.”
I was on hold forever, before finally reaching someone. “No,” she says, “we have no other flights for you. Do you want to leave in one or two days?”
So here’s the bottom line for you who don’t want to read the whole thing. AVOID AT ALL COSTS: hydrogenated, partially hydrogenated fats, trans fats (check the ingredients label for these, yes you do need to start reading the ingredients label). EAT IN MODERATION: saturated fats. Especially if you have high cholesterol or heart problems, try to limit to one or two times per week. GOOD FOR YOU: poly & mono unsaturated fats! Things like EVOO are good for you and have health benefits, but like everything, they need to be consumed in moderation. You can’t just eat EVOO all day, that wouldd be a. gross and b. not good for you!
in the hope..
After having done the two pieces with boats in them for the Boston Childrens Hospital (see previous post), I liked the idea of adding that element in more often.
I haven’t watched American Idol in years. With the change of judges and format, I thought I’d give it another shot this season. My mom has watched it pretty much every season since it started. I was fairly convinced they found the best singer in America in season one. I’m still convinced of this – come on, Kelly Clarkson’s vocal range is ridiculously amazing… but it doesn’t mean there’s not other talented vocalist/performers out there.
Honestly, I wouldn't and couldn't buy pizzas from anywhere else now that I have had his. And last nights was one of the best yet!
The house is being painted!
I wasted no time and slid from Patrick’s back and racing up to Clarkson who was preparing to respond to the adulation of the crowd. He had already unfastening his trouser belt and lowered his trousers. He was now in the process of inking the word ‘Losers’ across his bottom, cleverly adapting the topography to form a particularly scornful ‘o’.
Listening to The Decemberists’ “Calamity Song” got me thinking about how good songs are as much poetry as they are music. And some artists are great poets who use words that hit you unexpectedly.
Bose headphones were originally developed in response to the needs of air passengers. Still a favorite of frequent flyers, today they are also often sought after by people who find themselves surrounded by unwelcome noise on the ground, too.
And if,I,that I am not an optimist,say that,why a percentage of my fellow country men are so afraid of any change..I don’t get it.
I got an awesome call yesterday - from the Chanel counter. I was there about 2 weeks ago, and happened to ask the girl about Particuliere nail polish. She told me that they've been sold out for ages and people have even been stealing their testers, so she couldn't even show me what it looked like. The counter did have a waiting list for it, because apparently they still get some shipped to them once in a while. So she put me on the waiting list and I waited...and waited...and waited...and then got the call!! Woo hoo!!!
I recently designed and implemented a social media campaign for a client that was heavily weighted towards LinkedIn as the main social media platform for activity. Throughout the project, I noticed many profiles that I came across that were getting so many things wrong. I wanted to share a couple of things I noticed and hope these are useful to you.
“And why should we believe you, in all this?” he challenged me.
And if you need advice, call up Mrs. Pickle's mom, and I'm sure she'd be happy to dole it out.
One other thing. Could someone let Keith's researchers know that someone entered a one room schoolhouse and murdered several little Amish schoolgirls last week? A number of people have remarked that this despicable act might have been more worthy of the "Worst Person in the World" designation than a name error, acknowledged and corrected. It's the sort of little programming tweak that might help get Keith taken seriously by anyone to the right of Michael Moore.
I am absolutely positively FLABBERGASTED!!! This means that I receive one quart of my very favourite and utterly FABULOUS Annie Sloan Chalk Paint every month for a year!! Now, this might not seem like a big deal to some folks...but it sure IS to ME!! I have to order my paint online, and between shipping and customs, it ends up costing me well over fifty dollars a quart.
Selsor was convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to death a second time following a retrial. The same jury recommended Selsor serve a life term as an accessory to the shooting of Chandler’s co-worker, Ina Louise Morris, who survived multiple wounds inflicted by a co-defendant, Richard Eugene Dodson. In addition, the jury imposed a 20-year term for armed robbery.
For you Yu-Gi-Oh fans, we have started scheduling a couple of times a month for card play. It’s not for a formal tournament, but it’s a time where you can play with your fellow teens for fun! You need to bring your own cards.
Well for some reason it's beginning to look like I only update this blog about once a month. I'm not sure why, as I've won a few things in this last month, but I just guess a part of it has to do with my new computer that I have. I went from a PC to a mac, and even though I love several things about my IMac, it's really actually a lot slower than my last PC. This is extremely frustrating to me, as I am so ADD/ADHD in my internet/sweeping ways.
A few feet short of the door, Rel stopped, turned to his right, and began to circle it. This wasn’t the only Sherim to be marked by a door - the clash between first- and second-realm logic threw up some strange patterns - but at none of them did one open the door to pass through. Some doors simply didn’t open; some, like this one, would, but all anyone would tell Rel was that there were dire consequences for doing so.
5. Take it easy! Focus on improving one skill per week.
2010s: The Hunger Games (film): I like to pair at least one book with a film adaptation, and this is an obvious choice. I’ve also found teaching a film at the end of the term is well-received and will often improve what can be a painful last week of little student participation. It’s also a solid film that many probably already saw. The pairing of book with film allows for interesting discussions of the difference in mediums and the decisions made by directors/screenwriters/etc to omit or change parts from the book, and this can be very fruitful. Honorable mention to Julianna Baggott’s Pure and Bacigalupi’s Shipbreaker.
Products used for this project:
In hopes that her Stevie soon would be there.
But will they still be best friends in a future when plague wipes out most of humanity? Or a future when the Inquisitor asks Sam to choose one betrayal over another?
· Glen Campbell
Dal Bosco has been under complete surveillance since the beginning of this incident. That is why intelligence agencies recorded his requests for murder contracts and his threats to various individuals. Furthermore case files have been opened up against Dal Bosco in Milan, Italy and in Interpol.
All the projections used by Coil Live plus all the available backing tracks.
The Shattering
So, safe, plenty of breaking space, Dip shit behind me has space to break.I should be good. This should be it, the end. FIN. The last sentence of this tale.
Not surprisingly, the exhibition, which comprises much of Grace Kelly’s dearly (and clearly) treasured wardrobe, has been constantly sold out. Advance booking essential. Indeed, you may recall my pathetic attempt to gain entry without doing so back in May. This time round however, fate took a hand. Actually no, not really fate.
We have withered
“Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it’s not going to go away.”
(PS: I was tempted to classify this as a Euromyth, but it really isn’t. It’s probably more in the much broader category of ‘some journalists will copy-paste any damn thing without fact-checking’.)
Time to see what this barfed-up dragon part looks like on the inside:
Point the first: They are “drawn to battlegrounds”.
Here is a little snip-it from a previous post, where (A)=rights -and- (B)=privilage.
I am feeling a little overwhelmed right now so please be patient with me while I get things in order. I will one day this week do the drawing for March and announce the new April give away, share vacation photos, etc. But I will be buried the next couple of days getting as many things done as humanly possible.
madi chose the royal family
But I also want to get to a broader subject: how the series seems to address real and abiding social problems, the most overriding of which is the conflict between middle-class morality and an Adam Smith style “the market takes care of us all” ideology. It’s surprisingly hefty for a period drama, and I get absorbed every single time.
Yes I know, they make people uncomfortable.
The project would involve several roadway and pedestrian circulation changes, including a new lane along Flatbush Avenue between Atlantic Avenue and Dean Street, and a new underground connection to the Atlantic Terminal transit hub. The site also would include a new bicycle path.
As numbers of visitors visit this beautiful place every year, there are different kinds of hotels in Himachal which can accommodate a large of tourists of different kinds and status. In order to avoid any type of inconvenience, you can easily book your hotel through online. Hotels in Himachal offer a great service to their visitors. Most of the hotels in Himachal are located at a nice place and have neat and clean room. These hotels of Himachal offer their best services to the tourists as the staffs of these hotels are well mannered and the hotels are also equipped with maximum modern amenities required by the tourists. Tourists also enjoy mouth water dishes of Himachal in the restaurant of these hotels.
When emergency responders called to the scene, they discovered the female driver of the Nissan, since identified as Laura Schaeffer, 76, of Eagle Creek, had been killed in the accident. The pickup’s driver, 52-year old Damascus resident Gary Monaco, was taken to Oregon Health and Sciences University Hospital with serious but non-life threatening injuries.
out at that time. But when an hour of the night has passed, release them and close the doors and
9- Paranormalcy by Kiersten White. This would make an awesome movie! Hello, pink taser! The IPCA, hunting down paranormal creatures, a shapeshifter- I could go on about the things I liked and how cool it would be to see what the IPCA building looks like.
On watching a trailer for the event, I was shocked to discover that the girls aren’t actually very good at reading. Some of them can barely pant out the words without tripping over their tongues. Heaven knows how they get away with fobbing off the audience with such amateurish performances. I certainly wouldn’t let them read me a bedtime story until they’d been properly trained in oral exposition.
My next gem almost brought me full circle and made my smile. My online buddy Rusty of HoneybeeSuite.com has been here ahead of me. She wrote in June 2010 Honey bees cannot survive on dandelions alone and explained that dandelion pollen does not contain 4 important amino acids. I think my questions are often very amateurish and Rusty adds a little academic rigour and she has done it again. Her comments about monoculture and the risk of missing some vital nutrients also echoed the pollen talk at the Bucks County Beekeepers seminar. Surely our willingness to pay for monofloral honeys such as manuka, acacia or borage therefore drive some to encourage what could be a flawed exposure to a single source? My first colony so often seemed to be bringing in 3 different pollens – were these sources chosen chosen by the bees according to some individual preference or is there an overall control such that though any one forager remains loyal to one plant, the colony as a whole chooses a range of sources for maximum nutritional value?
Abita Wheat
My absolute favorites have to be her Doctor Who prints, but you should really check out her shop for Star Wars prints along with Edgar Allen Poe, Final Fantasy, Labyrinth, The Princess Bride and much more!
For a while now, I have been trying to reject modern medicine as much as possible. I’ve gotten my prescriptions down to two (birth control and valium to sleep) and have limited my doctors to a chiropractor and my therapist. I never get sick much but when I do, I get extremely ill.
These people are focused! They understand that the only way to change the government is to change who gets to serve in it. They demonstrated that in November 2010 when the movement returned power in the House of Representatives to the Republican Party. “We’ve seen that the greatest threat to our economic success today comes not from abroad, but from our elected officials. And it is through changing the behavior of those elected officials—and making sure that those whose behavior doesn’t change don’t stay in their jobs—that the Tea Party movement plans to exercise its influence.”
The bottom layer was a moist chocolate cake (I again used the Ina Garten recipe instead of the flourless chocolate cake recipe from ATK), the middle layer was a bittersweet chocolate mousse, and the top layer was a white chocolate mousse. Then I piped on a good luck message in melted chocolate.
He says doesn't take money from lobbyists, but takes it from ACORN.
“In celebration of the release of Peter Bagge’s newest comics series, RESET, Dark Horse Comics and Bridge City Comics present the 2012 Stumptown Comics Festival kickoff event — a Friday night Drink and Draw for visiting and local artists, publishers, and all festival-goers!” from (here)
Willows whiten, aspens quiver,
The piece was titled 'King for a Day' and outlined my plans for the nation should the constitution get a rewrite to include mention of a handsome chisel thrower from Luton. I encourage you to read it, especially if you're of a political bent and wish to understand this exciting new ideology from the man who made gourd swallowing a family friendly act.
Receive what You give,
ublished articles through Associated Content, Inc., all on topics relating =
This is the result of about three hours work.
Passive-aggressiveness is something I need to work hard to overcome, also. If something is bothering me about something/someone, sometimes I just have be confrontational about it, and not try to bury my frustrations deep inside until they simply burst out at inopportune moments. My parents have bore the brunt of my penchant toward passive aggression over the years, and in the end, it simply isn't constructive; not only does it never come close to getting at the root of a particular problem, but it also just exhausts me.
Meanwhile, chocolate covered strawberry with your words makes them even more happier :-)
Not a very descriptive heading, I know, but the way their storylines came together at the end of the episode set up some serious intensity for next week!
rollin' on the river.
While most e-books are low-cost compared to their published cousins, the e-book revolution has also made it possible to have free content delivered in large quantities by respected thinkers.
Inspired by Jamii-Bora of Kenya www.jamiibora.org , MiCasa’s process is to purchase inexpensive land adjacent to the city, with natural resources of water and sand to allow for construction on-site. Then MiCasa will work with the poor to manufacture and construct their homes on the land, and use micro-loans to finance the development. With self-financing, mortgage payments on 15-year loans should be around $36/month, about the same as rent in an urban slum. MiCasa’s goal is ultimately to reshape the slums and poor living areas of Peru with sustainable infrastructures that recycle graywater, use renewable sources of power, and tap the hard work of the individual to build the community.
If only we could make things happen with the snap of our fingers.
10. Heard about Team Mango Racing's new half & full iron tris in Kona mid-February starting in 2011. No qualifying, no residency requirements and no race fees. It's a dream come true for someone who loves racing without much hassles or hoopla. (And I now have a new big goal that will probably keep me busy for years :-)
Phreak: Guys, I have something really important to tell you.
only with ourselves must we contend
Gonna look for a list of winners and post it online.
I hope Zara Phillips has the humility to realise and accept what's going on.
Now, do not conclude that I think we are on the verge of re-establishing the social setting of 1300 England. Nor am I against wealth, per se. But look at the direction conservatives would lead us. We already have vast wealth concentrated in the hands of a very few, who are working hard to build an extractive society that serves only them. Only our enlightened laws prevent them from getting it at once.
"How long have you been on it?"
I pay to the beat, walking on the street in my new lafreak, yeah
At the moment I am enjoying my holiday on Bali, and can not post anything. But in the meantime I would like to give you an impression of other places that I have visited in the past.
People want to be poets for reasons
Her hearth bears cosy, flamed warmth in the depths.
I need motivation. I need… I’m not sure what I need.
This panel explores how Jewish identity is shaped and circulated through new media. Historical perspectives on Jews, technology, and social networks also welcome. Abstracts (250 words) by 15 March 2011; Jonathan S. Skolnik (jskolnik@german.umass.edu).
“Twenty or 30 years ago, if someone saw a child either in trouble or causing trouble, a grown-up wouldn’t have thought twice about getting involved,” says House. “Nowadays, people have a greater tendency to play the bystander; rather than responding instinctively, they are more worried about negative repercussions and possibly being seen as an abuser.”
Place back into the fridge until needed
If you take nothing else away from this post, remembering this single rule will still help you bank mad cash every year:
A couple hours from Tok, around the Tanana State Forest area, we spotted a Moose cow and her calf at the side of the highway. Lynda managed to get this photo of mama, but the calf ran in the opposite direction.We were so excited to see these animals - we had been looking for moose for weeks but only had one other good sighting: the one at the cemetery in Kenai.
Of course, her smiles said it all; and we were truly happy for her.
And a BIG thank you for all your kind comments on this project :0)
auditory hallucinations
It appears the two videos where mixed up in copying, because the video from the "artistes de San" was labelled "Nioro". And it seems very likely that the two videos I posted earlier are from a cultural ensemble from that town in the Kayes region near the border with Mauretania.
The trail was slick and the tracks were soon covered again in snow as runners descended into the canyon. The steep drop offs were undistinguishable in the pre dawn darkness. I watched headlamps descend beautifully, the only speck of light around in a huge darkness, until they magically vanished into the unknown as if the canyon had swallowed them up. The darkness broke slowly as the snow clouds resisted letting in the sunrise. The lighting was gradual and a cloudy grey with snow white splashing across the view. At times, this dim lit scene was broken up by the a bright rock red and a glowing lichen green of the canyon walls. One could hardly tell that sunrise was indeed happening. This painted a surreal commencement to the day and our journey.
6. Daddy's Home
And now your eyes seem lifeless
Well, ask me and I'll tell you without hesitation that some beers actually taste better in bottled form (perhaps having directly benefitted from these very same compensatory techniques) and in these cases, frankly, to Hell with any gripes about shifts in character. Better beer is better beer, however and it came to be so.
I live in Canada's largest most northern city where winter temps can read -40....
“Your sons and daughters will not return to you… Their bravery has left us alive, but their deaths have left us broken,” he said in his opening speech.
Three ladies I’m friends with clicked “like” and so today, because the original poster had “Author Unknown”, I decided to google it to find out. Turns out it was written back in the 1800′s and the man who wrote it committed suicide on the beach in Australia. So, you tell me serendipity wasn’t at work – first I resonated with the piece, then I did something I don’t normally do and copied and posted it, then 3 people clicked the “like” button, then I did a search to find more out and the author had committed suicide too! Who’d have thunk that a poem written 140 years ago would reach out and touch me today!
may goyts moss 7m tbc
So sorry I haven't been round much. I had a real falling out with amigurumi and crochet last year. I don't know why - I think I just did so much that I over done it, you know? I also got interested in Blythe dolls, which kind of took up all my time - even though I did crochet for them a little.
Change is coming. We’re seeing some of it now, with new personnel in position in the strength and conditioning program. What other changes to come remain to be seen. But we need to see something.
So, CallMeDave and his multi-coloured gang have rolled their sleeves up, put on some rubber gloves, held their breath and had a good look under the rug and in the back of all the cupboards.
The Haytian, in spite of his huge pretensions, is, however, not naturally a soldier. Drill and discipline and the art of war are mere empty sounds to his ear. From his point of view they are entirely beside the question. What he cares for is to play at being a soldier ; he loves the accoutrement, the uniforms, the gold lace, especially the gold lace. He has a passion for military titles, military bombast, military display.
We are staying at the Radisson Blu, it’s five stars for a good price and it’s nice to enjoy staying in a decent hotel with my amore. Such is my life. One night slumming it on a bus trip to Poland and the next staying in a five star hotel. And we collect experiences don’t we, so many treasures that I try to turn into words.
1) Buy Used Diapers
Israel’s enemies may not be willing to wait, seeing the present regime and time as the best and possibly the last opportunity to make good on their threat to “wipe it from the map.”
Um, aka the tricky part.
I am not sure who said the previous proverb, but it was clearly someone who has never heard of JetPacks. So, I’ll write my own modern proverb that will be remembered more than his: “The 1000 Mile Journey Starts With an Ignition!”.
with projects to engage the imagination and beautify the home.
The last flaw is the Tragic Flaw, it’s the cause of the character’s downfall and eventual death. Tragic Flaw arises out of the character’s misplaced trust in another character, an excessive amount of curiousity that sucks him into problems, pride that plunges him into a world of loneliness. The fall that often arises out of the Tragic Flaw occurs at the beginning of a story.
Lets guess that Wikipedia doesn't expect people to check their links?
4. Add in the Brussels sprouts and coat them with the bacon and the bacon fat giving the sprouts a little bit of color and then add ½ cup of water to finish the cooking.
I went to bitter lanes and dark,
And secondly, it uses 4 egg yolks. Now I'm rather partial to a pavlova and since my Mumma Bear's recipe uses 4 egg whites I always have 4 rather lonesome looking egg yolks peering at me in the fridge like big yellow monster eyes for a few days til I reluctantly have to bin them...and yes, I'm one of those kooky people (read: bordering on lunacy!) who talks to inanimate objects, so a "sorry yolkies!" may be heard at such times in my kitchen.
Paul was having a ball. Couldn’t get enough of being under the lights.
A big theme of this blog is Life as Retreat. The main idea is that if you have a mind of retreat, your normal life is transformed into your retreat. You view everything as emanated by your spiritual guide as part of your retreat. He emanates different things for you to learn and practice different things. Everything that happens to you, you view as part of your long retreat. In this modern time, people do not have the time or conditions to engage in traditional retreat, so learning how to transform our normal lives into our spiritual retreat enables the people of this modern age to fulfill their worldly obligations to work and family and engage in lifelong retreat without having to sacrifice one for the other. Our worldly obligations are simply the practice exercises given to us by our spiritual guide. They are our spiritual homework. These situations will give rise to various delusions and our job is to oppose those delusions and generate as much virtue as we can with respect to them. Since it is all emanated by the guru, he gives us exactly what we need when we need it to we can generate the virtues that we need to generate in the exact order we need to generate them. He is like a spritual architect and construction foreman who guides us brick by brick (virtuous cause by virtuous cause) how to build our pure land.
On the noose around your neck
There’s also an uncomfortable struggle to portray youth here. Cinderella’s slightly-shorter skirt length distracted me, especially at the ball. She didn’t exactly look like she ran in from a tennis match, but it came kind of close. More successful is to cast a ballerina with a round face to signify youth. That’s why Carrie Imler and Carla Forbes come off most bewitching to me in this role.
The 3 of Disks is the journey of the soul into flesh. What we see are a mother, father, and child, all covered in layers of gold fabric (gold carrying the symbolism of having been brought up from the dark reaches of the earth).
7And thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children, and shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou risest up.
and so, tula mirth has a treehouse bed. we built it in 2009 and it has survived a move and a large birthday party with boys leaping from it's steps. i look at it and smile. it is good memories and i enjoy how everyone, no matter how large, wants to climb inside.
Communication is a constant problem. For starters, we are dispatched to our patients by an archaic paging system-- yes, pagers. That's how backward we are. And once in a while it doesn't work. Since our schedule is chaotic-- sometimes we have a day off when we're scheduled, and sometimes we're called in when we're off-- one would assume that if you're not paged, you're not working. But since the paging system is unreliable (sometimes not only do we not get a page that was sent, but when we call to confirm our assignment, sometimes that fails to go through too).
Those who wish to express their condolences to the family and friends of Constable Artem "James" Ochakovsky #3382 can do so by e-mail at condolences@peelpolice.ca
Next focus? Weight loss. I feel like I’ve sung this song before is so many different versions, but I’m determined to find the right notes to hit this time. Mom’s been juicing lately and it’s been working wonders for her. Her skin looks amazing, and she’s lost a ton of weight. Coupled with using the elliptical, and I’m really hoping to make huge strides in finally controlling my weight. If I’m completely honest with everyone, I have to admit I’ve gained too much weight lately. Moving out and being on my own made it so easy to buy cheap, terrible-for-you foods, and I completely regret the decision. I don’t know exactly what my routine will end up being, but I am turning to mom for help. As long as I can get it out of my head that this isn’t an overnight fix, and keep myself focused, I should be able to get into new, better habits soon.
I guess that’s where I broke with my friends over music and embraced all that was cool – Frank, Dino, and to a lesser degree, Sammy and Tony. Not that those last two weren’t cool, I just preferred Frank and Dino.
This Jinyu was net fishing out on the lake. He’s not part of a quest or anything, he’s just stood on his raft fishing away.
Take Risks: Obviously one of the best ways to get out of your comfort zone it to do something drastic. The most difficult and scary things I've done have always been the most rewarding, i.e. quitting my job and moving overseas, becoming a foster parent. These experiences shape who I am, make me more socially aware and force me into relationships with new people. I'm more open minded and willing to get behind a cause and support others because of the people who believed in and supported me when I was the one with the cause.
We have been kindly given an amazing gift set of all four styles of Katy Perry lashes by Eylure www.planetbeauty.com which have been signed by Katy Perry herself to give away to one lucky subscriber. To be in with a chance to win them just leave a comment on the video and make sure you are subscribed!
A friend of mine mentioned that you can get fabric cuts at Tuesday Morning at insane prices... like the jelly roll I picked up for $4.
1 - my salvation
Favourite Character or Story:
But by May this year, Pambi was about to lose its stake, having failed to come up with the balance.
these characters are not cynics, nor are they pessimists (who can be spiteful). They simply feel suffering and expect to have to endure. They feel a certain gloom about their prospects and lament the deterioration of the situation, but they are extremely grateful when things turn out well.
LLL: In the hills above Bonn, near the Rhine River. Will I stay? Probably not.
The second thing that can be measured is the three parts chords, these three parts that make up the nine chords sum.
No amount of tinkering with planning regulations will save pubs in any significant numbers if the underlying demand isn’t there in the first place. If you are really concerned for the future of pubs, you need to look at the underlying reasons why people have stopped visiting them.
I thought I'd have go at being part of the Graphic 45 Design Team for 2012...so....here goes (please pardon the photo-heavy post:
Starting bedding plants is a relatively simple and inexpensive way to get your itchy green thumb in the dirt and/or to provide yourself with the satisfaction of providing all your own garden plants. If you've never done it before, don't worry. Stick around and I'll do my best to guide you though, but if your endeavor fails you can still go to the local garden center to purchase your plants come spring. And along the way you will have had a valuable learning experience! :)
Consider Jesus’ words from the Matthean account of the olivet discourse.
Love Gore and a little bit of Glitter this time,
You could use the lines for whatever- have them write more words that follow the spelling pattern, do a grammar check for the week, have them correct a sentence, etc...
Never walk away from failure. On the contrary, study it carefully & imaginateveley (sic) for it's(sic) hidden assets.
Dad, how’s that training going? Got flights booked yet? ;)
It was really fun to hold my flag and wave at people. Plus, we got cookies!! How cool are they? They have the school emblem on them.
And where would
1 madness
Even though I don't have my own party pictures to share just yet, I'd thought I would go ahead and show you my inspiration photos. Pretty much all of these I found via pinterest, but I'll just be sharing the original source.
At one point he told the professor that he was “inspired” by “elegance” of the professor’s explanation for the origins of life – and agreed with much of it.
I ponder for a brief moment what to write on them.
Now it is Thursday. The day has been uneventful, quiet but not peaceful. Trudging.
Todd Lockwood
The most important part of writing is revising, and it’s easier to revise if you have lots of editors working on your story. Fortunately, I have three. The two of them are split personalities of Ja the editor—Ja the debater and Ja the artist.
My strength, I give to You
In any case, this is a great time to begin planning your mini projects for the months ahead, when most of us will be spending lots of time indoors.
As we were driving home from that little break, my cell rang – it was our worker. There was a situation. I’m sure you can imagine how frustrating it would be to have a strong-willed, fit throwing, screaming child in your home, and on top of all that not be able to communicate with her. So the foster home she was in had realized that foster care wasn’t for them – they wanted her out a couple of days sooner. Of course the worker only told us that something had come up and she needed to move E-girl sooner – I got to discover her personality all for myself later! Well, of course we’d take her sooner. We did have one bed already, so it was possible.
Oh Wam Squam I miss you, you will always have a place in my heart!
As soon as its done, kindly get back to me with the confirmation number and let me know if you are heading to the WU outlet now?I promise to refund back your cash as soon as am back home.Please i don't want to make a scene of this,i want you to keep it that way and keep this to yourself.I will brief in full as soon as i get home..
This post is prompted by an influx of Southern Tier Gemini in to Leeds - via Beer Ritz of course.
On top of that, it seems that the new "green" top-loaders don't have agitators. Instead they use a new type of action that rolls the clothes every few minutes and bounces them hard against the bottom of the machine in minimal water. Users reported that their clothes and linens were developing holes and wearing out faster than ever before. Water levels are determined by the machine based on the weight of the load, and you can't override the setting.
Solutions?
We had a thought provoking Forum yesterday at BYU in which the speaker, Mark DeMoss, mentioned a quote on wisdom from Billy Graham. In searching on the Internet, I found it as well as these additional quotes:
Or, “You’re the epitome of energy conservation, Houtarou.”
Although none of the foregoing are in any order of preference, I think this one is my favourite. I keep imagining the austere de Beauvoir playing the Margaret Dumont role, stoically forbearing, as Harpo tries to steal her turban, and Groucho makes insulting remarks about the size of her feet. It’s a wonderful scenario.
Some Sprouted Bread (“Ezekial” or “Man’s Bread”)
Why should I expect fairness at this point? I don't understand it, but there is this instinctive reaction to revert to deservedness and worth and none of it matters. Even if there was some sort of cosmic meritocracy, what makes anyone more or less deserving of tragedy? I could say why me, why me, why me - but as others have pointed out - why not me? Why not these people? Or why anyone?
Now, you may think I am being too harsh on this little business up in the hills. (Come on, this is Scathing Weekly!) But indeed, there were some not so bad features. I saw some beautiful real toadstools. The playground was, as aforementioned, rather retro-awesome. The scones at the end were excellent. But for $9 and the type of delightful description given on their website, I expected a little bit more. With a minimum of effort, this place could be rejuvenated. A simple no-cost fix would be to sweep up some of the dead flies! (You can see specks of some near the book above). Another low-cost solution would be to re-dress a few of the manequins in less faded second-hand clothes, or even some of the over-priced costumes on sale in the gift shop ($21.95 for a garland made of approximately $5 worth of ribbon and wire? No thanks. $80 for a child's outfit that is around 90% tulle, 10% elastic? Likewise). This is not specific to this business, but the whole fairy industry.
I stop and wondered what these parents did or didn't do to cause their kid to be like that? I mean really. If they raised the kid right they wouldn't turn to drugs like that. Or treat them so horribly! Right?
As soon as Black Milk came out for an encore performance (after he already left the stage and crowd shouted, “encore”), I took few more photos and broke out. I immediately rush on my way to VJ/DJ Uncle Ralph McDaniels BDAY event/Don Cornelious & Whitney Houston Tribute party at M1-5, NYC. I got there after midnight so I guess that’s kinda late.
AMY STEIN: I’m interested in your relationship with your family. In particular with the members of your extended family in your images. Are you close? How do you deal with the distance that comes with the repeated act of photographing your family, of placing yourself in the role of observer. Or does the act of photographing them bring you closer?
“The only way to not take L’s in dating is to be single.” – S_Lyphe
If you’re still not convinced, you should ask some 20 year olds and some 40 year olds who are their favourite music groups. If the answers are The Police, Queen or Supertramp from both you might want to start reevaluating your ideas on the Generations X and Y. Unless of course, you’ve got a book to sell.
Though my love for books has remained unchanged all these years, the world of books is changing. E-books are gaining popularity and I’m considering the many pluses of carrying hundreds of books on one device. I like the idea of downloading a book I want to read instantly. However, my growing need seems disloyal to the brick and mortar bookstores and to the Australian publishing industry who are trying so hard to survive. It is very much an adapt or die time for them.
Lack of social capital and the wealth gap stand as the real obstacles to people of color accessing the blogosphere, according to Chris Rabb. Despite these challenges, he said, blogging is an important tool, given the corporate control of most media and the lack of independent outlets owned by people of color.
So, another list. Another top 5 (or top 6) and this time it’s going to be Dr Who.
I had already learned my lesson that verbally trying to explain the whole catcall vs. tweeter ringtone isn't really my forte... and this wasn't necessarily the prime location to chit chat about the subtle irony of the new tweeter ring, so we continued our business in awkward silence post tex/catcall incident.
Magenta top: Banana Republic. Black wrap skirt and jacket: tailor made. Red obi belt with nautical clasp: Mango. Lace black tank top: unbranded. Gold shoes: Voir (Malaysia). Red earrings: old. Bangles: from Shanghai. Black necklace: vintage, used to be Mom's. Brown suede purse: Nordstrom (USA).
Each summer thronged the grass. A bright
Aside from Petrossian, Maison Akira was the restaurant I was most excited to check out during dineLA Restaurant Week, based on the menu (foie gras and truffle in the starter, sea bass, king crab and lobster in the entree, and an interesting sounding 'nougat glacee'), impressive credentials of Chef Akira Hirose (who studied under Joel Robuchon and worked at L'Orangerie, the Ritz and the Penninsula), and the website (looked very refined, an elegant setting to house true haute cuisine).
Think about it. If you're taking this corn loaf to a bereaved family, they are certainly not eating it hot out of the oven, as we did. In fact, it might spend a night or two in the fridge, benefitting from moisturizing treatments.
- they have been visiting earth since before the last ice age (AvP)
To follow this issue:
The Kit also includes a worksheet and action plan. Participants can record the results from the
And then there was the long afternoon spent at Anna Yegorova’s apartment with Hal and my soon-to-be co-translator, Margarita. We feasted on kebabs and smoked salmon, pickles and black bread, and washed them down with homemade vodka we took turns swigging out of a canteen. “Just like my combat rations,” Anna giggled. Margarita and I paged through yellowed photographs of Anna’s former comrades-in-arms. And we three agreed to see to it her memoir was published in America (a richly fulfilling experience all its own), sealing our pact with effusive, escalating toasts in fine Russian fashion. It was one of the most extraordinary and magical moments of my life.
But Gadahn is also critical of some terrorist factions in the missive, openly condemning terror sects that bomb mosques while Muslims are praying.
When you lose someone significant in your life, someone whose very being has helped define you in some way, grief can be overwhelming. So many stages and shades of grief bombard you that at times you think you are going crazy — but except for the very extremes of grief — mummifying yourself so you don’t feel anything for years on end or saving pills so you can end your life — chances are what you are feeling is normal.
To me.. S'mores are a special treat to be relished on the odd occasion. Maybe I'm just a stick in the mud, but things like S'mores, Popsicle's, Krispy Kreme's, White Castle sliders, Root Beer floats, and even steak, seem like they would become unexciting and mundane if eaten all the time. I used to have the same view towards hamburgers until sometime in the 90's when McDonald's came out with a triple cheeseburger. I've been trying to reel in my hamburger cravings ever since.
Hugh Walpole – Mrs Lunt
- chicken and vegetable pie
“Did she say yes?”
Brownie Pie best eaten the first or second day. If it sits longer, then the brownie filling starts to pull away from the crust. It still tastes fine but does not look as nice.
The key to this cocktail is fresh pineapple juice. Don't compromise the flavor of this cocktail by using canned pineapple juice. The small effort makes all the difference.
Basically, setting up a promotional campaign where you spend a day with your guitar, jumping out to every stop on a given line. Then maybe the following weekend, do another line. Of course, make sure you purchase a day pass so it is not costing a small fortune.
Hydorn gained notoriety after one of her mail-order customers in Oregon, Nicholas Klonoski, 29, described by his family as suffering from depression but otherwise healthy, used an "exit kit" to kill himself in December 2010.
Use 2 cameras on different settings if at all possible.
This has resulted from the revelation on Monday 12 September 2011 that Deputy Chief Jaca had affixed to two distinctly different motor vehicles with what were at the time false number plates reading “BALTY GP”.
Skills:
There’s being lots of upheaval in your life lately but you need to take stock and ask yourself if an important question remains unanswered. If there is one - try answering it yourself.
Other: Blender Pen, Big Shot, Perfect Polka Dots EF, Scallop Trim Corner Punch, White Satin Ribbon
Oh my word!
Coming up with excuses to justify behaviors that bring about
It could be an unhealthy work place….
We are very scared at the moment – we are an open target for the militants”
I wish all of you a Merry Christmas and hope that the season is filled with blessings for you and yours.
She put a finger to her lips. “Be quiet and follow me.”
It’s time for team challenges to begin. Remember in school when you got group assignments and it just turned into a lot of drama? Remember how almost everyone hated having to work as a team? Yeah, me too, and I don’t envy our cooks at all. Especially when one team has Mr. Condescending Max on it, and the other has Ms. Bossypants Suzy.
Violence aside, I agree, there are many people worse of than me, but that does not make me feel better, in fact, it makes me feel worse, so why would anyone say that. It is certainly not my fault that people are starving in Africa, it definitely is not my fault that people are dying in war in Afghanistan and Libya, and it is certainly not my fault that the Israelis & Palestine’s are killing each other and that Primark & Nike are exploiting poor children into working obscene hours in unbelievable working conditions for less than 10p a day! No none of this is my fault.
new "snaps" for our scrapbooks ...
One hundred thoudsand dollar fees for the oil patches in our seas
Turtles don’t get lost.
Hlathi said police were tipped off about the deal and able to arrest the policeman.
Reports emerged late yesterday that the nation’s best-known Lupine-American, CNN news reporter Wolf Blitzer, might be called in to negotiate a settlement in the dispute. Blitzer’s father was a respected wildlife management specialist in Buffalo, N.Y., and his mother was a Canadian timber wolf.
Also a quick note!!! I got this month’s Vogue Magazine in the mail and quickly looked through it to find a $2 off Coupon for any Loreal Magic Face product!!! Check it out if you are interested in trying any of them!! Also came with samples of the Loreal Magic Lumi Primer and Loreal Magic Perfecting Base!
Small business owners largely know that ObamaCare was a massive power-grabbing tax scheme trying to pass itself off as health care reform. It’s onerous requirements – which are already proving to have been based on outright lies and deception – will continue to stifle job creation as long as it is allowed to remain in effect.
What then can be a more perfect gift than truffles for his belated birthday celebration? In fact, I would go as far as to say that he would rather receive a box of 20 truffles than the crazy amount of things I had baked for him on his last birthday!
Owens was one of the most dominant athletes of his day. But in fairness to the competition, Ralph Metcalf didn’t run his best 100 in Berlin, starting very poorly – that bit of good fortune on Owens part. Lewis too was one of the most dominant athletes of his day. But again in fairness to the competition, WR holder Calvin Smith was injured just before the Trials and just missed making the 100 meter squad – and would run a windy 9.94 before the Games, as well as perform on the winning/WR setting 4x1 at the Games: similarly Mel Lattany who ran the 3nd fastest time in history to date at 9.96 in May was also injured before the Trials; and Ron Brown, who had previously beaten Carl Lewis in the 100 at the ’83 Jenner Classic (10.02w to 10.03w) would be injured prior to the Games and was not at his best in Los Angeles – all contributed to the good fortune on Lewis’ part.
This is still great reheated so pack up leftovers for lunch. It's also perfect for kids and non-vegans...you seriously can't tell there is no cheese and it's super creamy and yummy.
John 4:23-24
" Do you want to use a credit card?"
Of course the adventure continued. I think the difference between a survivor and a victim is often just admitting that something can happen and preparing options. Mine? I had food that didn’t need to be cooked (potatoes and tuna), so I could eat even if I ran out of water. I had other food (oranges) that were full of liquid. I thought about where I might drop off the heavier items from my pack (and what they would be) to save weight on the hike out (of course I’d retrieve them later). I thought about hiking at night when the sun wouldn’t be an issue, since I had more than one flashlight with me. But I hated the thought of a mountain lion trying to make cat poop of me in the middle of the night, so that was out.
Do you have any old photos of Easter in Carroll Gardens or Brooklyn in general that you would like to share? Just send them along and I will post them.
Me: Yes
Hulk, one of the Earth’s mightiest heroes, is coming soon in his 1/6th proper scale! Avengers fans, please stay tuned!
Although he didn’t lack for commissions throughout the 1960s, his alcohol addiction — and related hospital stays — got in the way of his art.
Of course Mandela did not die and, for his age remains surprisingly robust. However, the rumour persists that the plan is still in place, and that most blacks in the country are aware of that plan. I am told that when racial disputes occur, blacks often tell whites, "Wait until Mandela dies.” and they mean it
Il parle Allemand
3. What Child is This
On the school front things are calming down some. The kids are getting the hang of my expectations, practicing being bucket fillers, and expanding their reading stamina daily. RTI starts tomorrow and assessments are nearly complete...so groups/rotations will be able to start pretty soon. That is when everything will finally feel like clockwork again. My plan this week is to set the timer as I would for D5 rotations and push their stamina as far as I can. Their behaviors are surprisingly good so far. Everybody seems pretty motivated to be able to start making learning choices...one more week (two max) of stamina building and I think we will be golden.
Did Bob Only Have a “Personal Difference” with Bishop Rhoades?
#101: Professional Development. I’m usually busy for all of the MSU PRSSA professional development seminars, but I attended the last one of the year, which invited young PR pros who had graduated from MSU in relatively recent years. It was great, especially since one of the women on the panel works at the firm I’ll be working for this summer. During our chat, I agreed to volunteer at an event next Wednesday, which is a double-whammy since it will be a new experience AND count as brownie points!
I just think it would do us all some good, especially in Portland where costume is practically encouraged, and especially in summer when people do ridiculous things with their wardrobes, to remember how stupid you can look when you’re trying too hard. Coachella just happens to be my favorite example.
They’d actually understand the purpose of that built in sharpener on the box too. Also, let it be known, that the Crayola Connoisseur wouldn't respect people who know a lot about markers, because, markers and marker experts are bullshit. You ever smelled those smelly markers?
I am always looking for new adventures and experiences for my kids… mainly for my own sanity because I need a change of scenery every so often, but also because I want them to explore and learn new things, and socialize with other munchkins.
The court also has to tackle the new education law. Many professors complain that the law has curtailed the independence of universities by putting the government in charge of the re-election of staff and distribution of funds.
"We all owe Queenie a big favour." Deanna says to me as we leave the room.
Wednesday will feature the world premiere of the music video as well as a live acoustic performance from MLSF. Tickets at $5.00 at the door. The music video will debut online as soon as the world premiere has finished.
By October 1900 there were already 58 883 people in concentration camps in Transvaal and 45 306 in the Free State.
1. Choose a good spouse in the first place. A spouse who is truly good and kind. Full of virtue and holiness to the Lord. (2)
80's nightgown
PEE PEE - So this is candid shots which i managed to take. POO POO and PEE PEE... Have you seen elephant POO POO and PEE PEE?
- if they tried to clean it, the pink would fade
in a world with wonders undefined.
Nhlapo said: "The department decided last year that instead of having one contractor dedicated to several hospitals, the call centre was a pool of contractors available around the clock - a huge improvement on the old system."
Bring beans to a boil and cook about 15 minutes till tender, but still rigid. When ready, drain hot water and immerse in ice water to stop the cooking.
I have no complaints. In fact, we’ve become best friends.
I told him, Son, that is a very William Faulkner way of looking at the world, considering you are only three years old.
Grace changes everything.
Josh Charles (Knox Overstreet)
“She doesn’t need encouragement! If you say anything you’ll just embarrass her and make the whole situation worse.”
2. Murphy’s Law says that the moment I wear it, I’ll run into you.
Tsk tsk, I have been remiss once more in not posting anything new on this blog for a while.
By nature, generally when men see this combination in women it brings out their better qualities, their best in fact. That special combination of beauty and innocence, the pretty inspires men to protect and defend it.
in roasted red pepper & tomato soup
PATTERNS (Three summer sewing patterns)
We bring glory to God by worshipping Him – Worship is far more than praising, singing and praying to God. Worship is a lifestyle of enjoying God, loving Him, and giving ourselves to be used for His purposes.
“Happily men don’t realise how stupid they are, or half the world would commit suicide. Knowledge is a will-of-the-wisp, fluttering ever out of the traveller’s reach; and a weary journey must be endured before it is even seen. It is only when a man knows a good deal that he discovers how unfathomable is his ignorance. The man who knows nothing is satisfied that there is nothing to know, consequently that he knows everything; and you may more easily persuade him that the moon is made of green cheese than that he is not omniscient.”
It seems I have been elected as activities director, and so I'm planning what we'll do over the next few days. There is a much to enjoy here in Niagara Falls and I think we're going to be busy - stay tuned!
But don’t worry. For those of you who were going to bring pom-poms to the big race, there’s still hope.
During braking, load will be transferred from the rear axle to the front axle; the underlying calculation for the load transfer is:
In prospect though I note that the Citibank economic surprise index is pointing down again and also that traffic through the Suez Canal is down suggesting global trade is likely under pressure once again – both charts courtesy of Reuters.
1 cup softened butter
It is also ironic that it is almost Easter, is it not?
Sometimes words and terms can seem in contradiction. I’m not the only one who’s wrestled with this….I’ve heard many Bible teachers create phrases like “holy discontent”….trying to explain that we are not to settle into lethargy…. even though everyone knows the bible teaches contentment.
Disability Income is designed to pay you a monthly tax-free benefit that in theory can cover you up to age 65. The payments can begin after 30 days, 60 days ,90 days or 120 days of being disabled. The key is that we are replacing your income. It is challenging enough emotionally to deal with a disability let alone increase the stress because of the financial challenges.
It was really, really cool. As I said on my facebook page, I think I like this dating thing. It was very enjoyable.
will stop her
Bitch customer: Why wait? You're running out of time, you know.
- Gianduja mousse
I wrote this re-cap/review after leaving Ralph’s party, so I can remember as much as possible. One thing I’ll always remember from tonight is when Grand Puba Maxwell asked me to ask this sexy model lady in purple to take a photo w/him. After I granted his request, I then realized that I kind of stole her away from Gravy (who played Biggie in the “Notorious” movie). Shouts to Gravy, who was coolin’ in the building also. No disrespect, but all due respect. AGAIN, THE PHOTOS ARE COMING SOON, FOOTAGE LATER THAN SOONER ;)
3) The Queen. Another Pay-per-View that I watched from my bed this afternoon while I was recovering from a bad Day Three morning. (What is up with Day Two and Day Three these days? Seriously, I came very close to ingesting a lone Vicodin left over from Her Majesty's birth 3 1/2 years ago. Only the fear that an expired Vicodin might kill me kept me from swallowing that fucker down.) Again, loved it. James Cromwell shows up in the most interesting places and always chews up whatever role he has. On a personal note, it was the first movie I've seen in a long time that I wished I could have watched with my grandmother. (It may in fact be the only movie I've ever wanted to watch with my grandmother, come to think of it). As a woman who was fascinated with royalty and official protocol, but was also a member of the press, she would have eaten this up. I was not close with my grandmother when she died, but this movie made me think of her fondly, and for that I am grateful.
Kitchens are next, and there is always a little something extra over and above the no nonsense utility. In this kitchen, Katie stripes the wooden floor planks and added that pop of color on the light fixture....
For me, to blog online is to have an outlet to share thoughts, ideas, knowledge, randomness, interests, and much more. I’ve always thought of it merely to share. As I patronize other people’s post and feel connected especially when I share the same sentiments, I thought I’d do the same. It is very rewarding to have something to share with, with people from a few meters or a thousand miles away. I tried to be be just a random face (to be visible yet invisible in the interweb) as much as possible, so as not to be “conscious” of blogging about my thoughts/emotions. To just blog away. But still, I hold back in “typing away…”. I don’t really get interested reading some “stuff”, so, when I am in that kind of “stuff”, I hold back and try not to post it away. By stuff, I usually mean rants, grievances, etc.
Parody movies are all over the place.
--Cover it for about 3 to 4 minutes to make sure that the sugar crystals on the sides of the saucepan melt.
It's a very special Remembrance Day today as here in the UK we remember those in our armed forces who give or have given their lives in the line of duty at 11am on the 11th day of the 11th month of 2011.
“We’re thrilled to have been associated with the Wollongong Conservatorium of Music’s youth orchestra for the past 25-years,’’ a BlueScope spokesperson said. “The orchestra has, and continues to play, a vital role in the personal development of hundreds of young people in the Illawarra. All past and present members, not forgetting the dedicated Conservatorium staff, should be extremely proud of their achievements with the orchestra and we look forward to joining them at their celebratory concert on the 16 September.”
They held a feast there, honouring every friend
where you live?
Why Subic Bay?
Hechlinski Patrick
I think it’s important for children to read a wide variety of books. Pure fantasy escapism can be really helpful for us all if we’re having difficulty, it offers a break from reality and a rest from the storm. But I also feel that reading about real life situations can be really helpful in navigating family/school/life traumas. I hope that children will be able to easily identify with my characters and their difficulties and that my stories will help them, like you say, feel that they’re not alone.
“Never mind, it’s gone now.”
What are some ways you keep that curvy figure in shape?
Calling all spiritual people that have been feeling unhappy these days . . . Read this Lightworker information below and clear up your confusion about what you are experiencing .
One last thing, the Suicide Squad has appeared on the re-cornered blog for the 1st time!
Architectural practice is so thoroughly shaped from the outside-in by building codes, something which perhaps only becomes obvious when different historical periods are forced to collide.
Performer:Leroy Gibbons
My eating has been right on track. I have been logging on Loseit CONSTANTLY. For you folks who are unfamiliar with the “Loseit” application I would suggest checking it out. There’s no Dieting, no carb counting or sugar-reducing plans, it just simply aids you in counting your calories. It is what has worked for me in the past and what I hope will work for me in the coming months.
Then I go to get my haircut. Midway through the cut and on a whim, I ask my hairdresser if she knows where I could find a dress. Unbelievably, her daughter has one hanging in her closet, just the right size. I can't believe it.
Fortunately AC welcomed my comments and has worked very hard to make improvements to these hooves. Just look at how good they look only a few trims later!
Therefore why are the lecturers so aggrieved at the link up?
Also, if you do plan on using Number 32 in a water-based deck (which is highly recommended), you have an arsenal of spells and traps to help boost its attack. Aqua Jet will grant it a permanent 1000 attack addition, and Umiiruka gives it an additional 500 attack points. Also, a combination of Water Hazard and Inferno Reckless Summon can help you gain the 3 Level 4 monsters that you need to summon Number 32.
Paul’s Galatian church is being persuaded to embrace a different gospel (a perverted form the gospel) from the one he presented to them.
(and for those just seeing this for the first time, it comes out September 18 of this year, is the first in a four-book series, and as always, can be pre-ordered from any bookstore, online or not. But also also like always, you can pre-ordered a signed and doodled in copy by pre-ordering from Fountain Bookstore).
To bring the ideas to life, we went to photographer John Ross, famous for his iconic record covers for Spiritualized, The Pet Shop Boys and Manic Street Preachers (among others) and known for his technical skill and creativity.
Menus, Meals and More is now going to offer a convenient quick pickup meal service. 3 meals for the next week will be posted by Wednesday. Meals will need to ordered and paid for by Friday and will be ready for pickup on Monday afternoon. Each week I will feature one beef, chicken and pork entree with an option of adding an additional vegetarian entree. All meals will serve 4 adults with the option of being split into meals for 2 or additional servings being added. This is a great and economical way to get healthy home cooked meals on your family's table without all the fuss.
I tense as his arms slip around my waist pulling me back to him. My body stirs at the feel of his warm and secure presence. I lift my head, and peek over my shoulder at him.
Tracy: "Did you just try to kiss me?"
8. MOCK UP AS MUCH AS YOU CAN TO ILLUSTRATE THE IDEA. Here are two pages from a book I pitched to a publisher several years ago. You don't even need to use final text. Just throw some jabberwocky copy in. It's the 'look' they're interested in. I use InDesign, but you can use any medium.
Casually dropped chards-
Just Spotted the Lizard is a pretty green/gold duochrome. I hear it's a dupe of Chanel Peridot, but that's OK with me seeing I don't own that one. At first, I thought the formula was a bit sheer, but the second coat provided more coverage than I thought and full opacity was reached with two coats. I will have more swatches from The Amazing Spiderman Collection soon. I (and everyone else) was disappointed there isn't a "true red" in this collection... what's up with that?? :(
What? I was still in a little bit of a fog. And let's be honest - I sleep in my contacts every night so my eyes are so dried out by morning that I squint for the first 5 minutes I'm awake anyway.
I asked top spent-fuel pools expert Mr. Robert Alvarez, former Senior Policy Adviser to the Secretary and Deputy Assistant Secretary for National Security and the Environment at the U.S. Department of Energy, for an explanation of the potential impact of the 11,421 rods.
I took a close look at our crock and discovered a long crack from the top halfway down the side. I decided to pass on it and look for another one. Doing some research online I discovered that some old crocks were made with lead, so I actually bought a new one. My dad teased me and asked if it's made in China (which it isn't), but I wanted to be safe. If you know anything about lead in crocks, please let me know.
implodes. And there is waiting
3:05AM
After lunch, Val and I spoke about stereotypes and how limiting they can be. We discussed what being a "real" Ukrainian man and woman means and how none of us fit into the stereotypical boxes. We also talked about the influences that create these stereotypes and why they can be harmful. In small groups, the students created dialogues acting out situations, first as "stereotypical men and women" and then as empowered individuals. We all really enjoying how funny the skits were, but the messages really stuck and opened a lot of minds to the real problem that creating stereotypes can cause.
Just like any best laid plans, some fine tuning is guaranteed when attending this activity!
This post is just for YOU darlin'! I know just how much you said you would LOOOOOVE to make your own Canelones......SO.....Here you go! (Okay, so it's for everyone to enjoy, but still....)
One in four women who had sex as a teen had a baby before they were married, compared to only one in ten who waited until adulthood.
“Nothing?”
A lot of our Great Egrets are merely visitors, but I've seen the one in the photograph several times now, so perhaps there's a nest of sticks lined with grass high up in a eucalyptus tree, maybe even one of our trees. I've also spotted several Great Egrets at, of all places, the industrial park where I pick up crickets for the chameleons!
I returned to Bangkok, experiencing mild reverse culture shock. The sweltering city reminded me how ancient India can feel as if it somehow escaped modernity which has both its pros and cons. Varanasi is conservative. Bangkok is promiscuous. Varanasi is filthy. Bangkok is relatively clean. Varanasi is rich in culture and tradition. Bangkok can appear to lack both. Women in Varanasi are generally unfree. Women in Bangkok can do as they please. Prostitutes in Varanasi are clothed head to toe. Prostitutes in Bangkok are scantily clad and some can light cigarettes with their vaginas. A two hour light; two worlds apart. February brought two sets of visitors which was fantastic – my dear friend Julia and her family from Denmark and my dear friends Doug and Hodie from Montana. I don’t know why I don’t have more visitors. The door is always open! Buy the ticket, take the ride!
Riffing from a discussion about raise dead and the like on the RPGSite, here's a table of a hundred "Resurrection Quirks" -- weird things (some bad, some good, some just strange) that might affect a character who is raised from the dead or resurrected. How this table interacts with system shock or anything like that is up to the DM. Part of my continuing quest to push the creative bits of my brain by doing a d100 table at the drop of a hat, I suppose.
Support bacteria – they’re the only culture some people have.
This looks so cozy, a rag quilted t-shirt pillow. I can only imagine how soft it is. You can find out how to make your own at fiskars.com
Praying in the Spirit is the gift that permits us to enter into that sanctuary and where we open ourselves to the Holy Spirit so that our prayers are inspired by His Desires – The desires of the Living God. In order to express these desires through our prayers in the purity they deserve, the Holy Spirit speaks through us in an unknown tongue so that our own intellect and human motives will not taint the pure prayer that comes from the heart of God through us.
I recently spoke to my father’s 87 year old cousin, Gina Camillo, and thanks to her I put everything into perspective again. Gina is 86 years old (going on 87…), she has been retired in Florida for many years and just came out with her first musical cd. Where she sings!
The Jane blog has now been deleted, but I feel rather soiled by the whole thing. And livid, as I totally believed that I was commenting on a blog of a young lonely woman who was afraid of being diagnosed with cancer. Jane also used to write about how lovely Scarlet was... and about how wonderful Dave was... and that Dave and Scarlet should really get married and live happily ever after - no Dave, that was never ever going to happen.
You can do this with any frame and any ribbon.
Today’s topic of discussion: Bratty Learned-Helplessness Entitlement Children
Most costume enthusiasts have heard of clocked stockings, but did you know the patterns and techniques changed through the decades? Using detailed images from museum collections and originals from Carol's collection, we'll look at clocking styles from early to late 18th century and a bit into the 19th. Besides learning about these styles of embellishment, methods of replicating a them or "faking it" will be discussed. We will make a sampler of a few of these techniques.
At this point man next to John began to congratulate him, but appended the contratulations with “but he’s not going to make the podium – he’ll end up fourth – it’ll go one, two, three for the Dutch. One, two, three. He just won’t make it on the podium. Nice try, though!” He was referring to two remaining Dutch skaters, Sven Kramer and Jan Blokhuisen.
After much discussion and procrastination, we finally did it.
This action was taken after I received credible allegations that Father Guarnizo has engaged in intimidating behavior toward parish staff and others that is incompatible with proper priestly ministry.
I guess the most obvious thing I should do is actually see a doctor about something that IS legal that might help. Because things may get much worse, and I should be prepared, and have some tools to face what might happen other than over-eating and alcohol. There are anti-anxiety meds and other things that help take the edge of the grief and pain that life sometimes hands us. It may be time for me to look into that, unfortunately.
Now she’s going upstairs. This is getting a bit like American Pie. Don’t ask, kids, you’re not ready.
We love you Jake.
Is it me? I sometimes don't quite follow the Author, Author pieces in Saturday's Guardian Review, those articles in which authors talk about their own take on the writing process. Maybe it's something to do with the essentially idiosyncratic nature of the writing process for each writer: either those authors are talking to themselves in their own private language, using their own private short-cut associations, or I'm so caught up in my own that I can't always relate to the whole of their arguments. On Saturday Adam Thirwell wrote about the difficulty of representing thoughts and psychology truthfully in novels, but if you can sort out the difference between the description in the first paragraph here and the intimate third person, or between the two modes in the two separate paragraphs, then you're brighter (or more patient, or less hung up on your own writing obsessions) than I:In an essay, I once wrote about how Franz Kafka invented a strange style in his novels about this man he called K: where, although it looks like a third-person narrative, it is in fact a disguised first-person narrative, belonging to K. And suddenly I thought that I understood more precisely why Kafka wanted to do this. It was a way of inventing a subterfuge, so that he could be true to the cloudiness of thoughts. In a diary entry, on January 12 1911, Kafka noted how he hadn't been writing much, partly because he was lazy, true, but also "because of the fear of betraying my self-perception". Because, he continued, if a thought cannot be written down "with the greatest completeness, with the incidental consequences, as well as with entire truthfulness" - which it couldn't - then what was written down would replace the vague thought "in such a way that the real feeling will disappear while the worthlessness of what has been noted down will be recognised too late". This is why Kafka needed to write in the third person, while really describing the personal contours of a character's thoughts: it was a way of outwitting the imprecise solidity of language.
Here’s the sad part: although local police have set up signs and barriers in an attempt to keep the deer from crossing this busy interstate, there have been lots of deer/auto accidents. One night alone, twelve deer were reported as being hit, as they jumped into oncoming traffic. In speaking with someone who experienced this first-hand, he said he felt terribly for days afterwards, but never saw it coming.
Oddly, we are not isolated from the world at large. We embrace globalisation, multi-racialism and world peace. Yet many of us remain parochial, as though shuttered from the changing times and new challenges.
A warmth that even friendship cannot give.
HAS no theme strictly speaking...
MJ
…I got sent back to the brig.
Messages such as those about craftsmanship, food miles, sustainability, wholesomeness, tradition and locality are largely lost on this demographic. Cajoling the “working man” into a reverence for heritage and tradition is to force him to look to the past, but the past is a bleak place.
A Positive Weekend Story.
I used this set in my post from yesterday as well...
The positive to this story was seeing how Robert Dudley was viewed, and disliked, in Elizabeth’s courts. Here he is portrayed as an upstart, or usurper, with eyes for the crown of England for himself. Whereas in previous reads, Dudley had intrigued me, here he disgusted me. He treats his wife Amy shabbily, and I could not help but pity the woman he ignored. If she left a diary, I would love to read it. After Amy is gone, Robert thinks his path should be clear to Elizabeth’s side as a King, but Cecil made sure that would not happen. I would have preferred a bit more insight or something more dramatic for the ending, as it all just seemed a bit unfinished overall and I wasn’t expecting the story to end where it did. Yet, viewing this as a simple story of Robert Dudley and his relationship with Elizabeth, it could be seen as a fair assessment of a specific political slice of a much larger picture during Elizabeth’s reign. The author also raised my curiosity regarding the mysterious death of Dudley’s wife and her theory bears credence. Those who revere Elizabeth should stay away from this weak portrayal of her, though. William Cecil, on the other hand, was the best part of the story. He was shrewd, calculating and a force to be reckoned with.
Wake
It's not that I am shy about our lifestyle. I've accepted some people get upset if we mess with their worldview, just by living our life. It's that SOMETIMES I am a little tired out and I just want to have a Normal Life. "Hey Bob, how's the wife and kids?" "Fine, Jim."
I am happy that our daughters were all born so close in time. But to know that they will not graduate through life together is sad beyond words. And the pain my friend Stephanie must feel at the little stories, dramas, triumphs and moments of the daughters of her friends cuts deep I imagine.
Karin Alvtegen is described rather blandly in Wikipedia as a “crime writer” whose “psychological thrillers are generally set in Sweden.” It’s not an entirely inaccurate description but it also does her a disservice. I think we have a much better writer here than just a crime writer. Of course there are good and bad writers engaged at every level but as I worked my way through this novel I found two names creeping into my thoughts, neither of whom would readily jump to your mind when discussing crime fiction: Harold Pinter and John Fowles, two literary giants in their own chosen fields. And the two works that came to mind were, obviously, Pinter’s play, Betrayal, and Fowles’ first novel, The Collector.
died: after 1860
Once he slept in bed and forgot to go to his exam (it wasn’t his Final, thank god!) The next morning, he got a call from his uncle, Herbert and no doubt, stern words of warnings were issued. It left Benjamin with a red face and he left the room saying that he needed a heroic fry-up breakfast to recover.
I have ones and even tens of fans reading my blog. When prodded to do so, my Mother will say “yeah, I read it. It was good. I’ve always told you that you have talent.” Thanks mom, for your enthusiasm, it’s contagious. I drag people to their computers and “encourage” them to read it, and they tell me they like it. Admittedly, I have the perceived power to fire some of them, but I’d like to think that has nothing to do with their praise.
Partnership talks are due to resume tomorrow, as Prakash Ramadhar flies in to talk peace. Look out for more back pedalling and bicycle wining, look out for Ramadhar et al protecting their few remaining positions of power…look out for total surrender to the UNC after 2 weeks of grandcharge that lead to no where.
It will run out of money in August if Congress doesn’t act. Even if lawmakers come up with temporary fixes, the long-term outlook is stark. In the Internet Age, regular mail service can’t continue as is.
Peachy is sad that the snow has gone....he absolutely loved playing in it and we had difficulty getting him back in the house. He looked so funny chasing snowflakes and jumping in the air....
Times are tough for Gordon Brown and a canine could be a source of solace and spin.
They are neither paid nor praised.
I was pleasantly surprised that Silver Lake is much darker on my nails compared to the color in the bottle. It is a gorgeous dark metallic gray with highly visible silver shimmers. This bold yet chic shade is quickly becoming one of my favorites.
Enjoy a lovely day...
I am reminded that you are gracious, compassionate and loving.
Join A&E Sunday, September 21 at 9 AM ET/PT for an all-new episode of the weekly one-hour interview and performance series PRIVATE SESSIONS with host Lynn Hoffman, featuring the acoustic country-rock goddess Sheryl Crow and a special concert at the famous Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino in Las Vegas.
If your boss is fat and lazy, he’s more likely to treat you badly.
Ted: Mom. Mom. I quiet. (whisper) I quiet now. This quiet. Mom. I...I...I...I...eat potatoes. I eat dinner, I go in ga'age and find Al's bike in no time, right?! I eat potatoes now.
The Port Shepstone Organised Crime Unit descended upon Margate SAPF this week. Two more policemen were arrested, bringing to four the number arrested since mid-May this year. One is believed to be in jail at the moment awaiting a bail hearing, one is out on bail and another two appeared in court yesterday (Wednesday, June 8). They are charged with serious crimes from armed robbery, attempted murder, kidnapping, corruption, theft of cash.
*Are the networks portraying “realistic” images of couples?
Me: "Are you OK?"
have a hair net on and all mix makers must
Dead and yet still existing!
Let's take a look - shall we?
b) genus 'noble birth' - because if you were of noble birth you were a genuine aristocrat.
Not in the picture: Gerbera daisy seeds (my favorite flower) and sour gummies, which my son ate.
I really don’t want to have a melt down today, but I can feel it coming. The tears are right below the surface right now. How could he do this to me? After everything I’ve done for him and all the nice things I always say about him?
“This is a time of real economic struggle, particularly for our seniors and those on a fixed income,” said Rep. Morgan. “The services this program provides will go a long way towards curbing utility bills this winter and in the years to come.”
The doors all went on pretty easily too. The blum hinges just snap together and with some slight adjustments you have nice level working doors. Given that one of us is a very big perfectionist we were a bit worried that installing the cabinets would make us a little crazy, but really it went as smooth as it could (minus some unsquare walls etc). After about 2 days worth of labour this is where we're at with the kitchen. We still have to rip some filler pieces and put them in, but it's really starting to come together.
She lifts me into the car the same way she did last time: front legs, then hindquarters. It’s uncomfortable and humiliating.
3. Who doesn't like stuffing their face once in a while? The absolute BEST place to do that in New Jersey is at Harrah's Resort Waterfront buffet in Atlantic City. That is where you will find The Absolute Greatest Brownies of All Time (among other delicious offerings.)
3. Share with your friends. Come back and let me know.
Today the Rothschild’s control a far-flung financial empire, which includes majority stakes in nearly all the world’s central banks. The Edmond de Rothschild clan owns the Banque Privee SA in Lugano, Switzerland and the Rothschild Bank AG of Zurich. The family of Jacob Lord Rothschild owns the powerful Rothschild Italia in Milan. They are members of the exclusive Club of the Isles, which provides capital for George Soros’ Quantum Fund NV. Quantum made a killing in 1998-1999 destroying the currencies of Thailand, Indonesia and Russia. Soros was a major shareholder in George W. Bush’s Harken Energy.
To put it another way, would I be feeling the same thing now had those nine years been full of 9-4 and 8-5 seasons? Would my zeal be the same? The only reason I ever ventured online for anything regarding college football was to rejoice with others after USC dominated Michgan in the 2004 Rose Bowl. From thence: recruiting, blogs, message boards, expansion past the sports section of the LA Times into the nether realms of the OC Register, the Riverside Press-Enterprise, the lowly Daily News and the even lower likes of the Sporting News and Athlon and then, finally, like Moses coming down from Sinai all sallow and hollow eyed from the sheer glory of what he had seen, Phil Steele. There is no doubt in my mind my fanaticism has only increased from 2001, my first year at UC Santa Barbara in which I only managed two home games, to a period in which I roamed the bars and hostels of Europe looking for anyone with reliable broadband willing to deal with ESPN 360′s ridiculousness, to a 17,000 mile, 30 state, 26 game roadtrip in 2007 to the present day, which is taking place on a train to Davis and its maddeningly intermittent access to wi-fi during the very 24-hour period when these damned sanctions are finally rolling through my life like a fat lady plowing through her low-cal lunch in the breakroom. That I am even now frantically searching for unsecured networks with which to scour the forums and boards of USC sites says something: I need to be armed with knowledge for the firestorm awaiting my phone, my email and my life when everyone who ever took any kind of college football related shit from me finds out USC’s getting snow plowed like a Reno hooker. This decade has upped the ante. I ate from the apple, and now my lot is midnight texts proclaiming, Dostoevesky-like, “Haha u r so fucked. Nd is gonna stomp on usc. Pete caroll was right to get the f outta dodge,” which is certainly one way to tell me there ain’t no Garden no more.
First things first, yes, I ran the 5k. I finished it, ran the entire way without stopping or walking, and I did it in under 40 minutes. Those were my personal goals. My trash-talking son beat me by roughly 8 minutes. My body is still sore, but I have to admit it was a LOT of fun, and I plan on doing more. Big thanks to the family for encouraging me, pushing me, and tolerating my gripes after the fact, and a big thank you to our dear friend Tonnya who ran with me and set a pace faster than I would have... which is exactly what I needed.
Campus Book Rentals was founded in 2007, and like most great businesses, started in someone’s garage. Since 2007, they have rented over a million textbooks to students at over 5,000 college campuses in the United States.
The Church didn't really enjoy this theory either, I mean, yeah, it makes perfect sense: who in the world would like to know that God created the Earth as an almost perfect sphere instead of a flat pancake or a footstool? I know I wouldn't.
There are four ways people can participate and show support:
Barbecue. Drive throughout the south and you will soon see barbecue stands. Since barbecue often requires a slow roasting process with constant supervision, owners set up shop just before winter ends.
Problems with portraying Africa’s waters – and the Nile especially – in this light have always existed, but continuing to do so increasingly contradicts evidence that the contrary process is at work, namely moves towards greater cooperation rather than conflict.
The Bulldogs are not expected to contend for league or national honors this year. However, in the crowd today you could feel anticipation and anxiety not unlike that present in the capital city, and for good reason. There is a lot riding on The Citadel’s upcoming campaign, too.
Now, those of you that drive up the ATM and have to dig through your wallets, purses, socks and bras for your card—there is a special place for people like you. The drill is the same at every single ATM. You need to have your card, know your pin number and key in the amount of money you need. It makes absolutely no sense for you to hold up the entire line while you search for your card. If it’s not where you think you left it, do us all a favor and get the hell out of the line. Pull off, find your card, and get back to the end of the line or go inside of the bank and withdraw your money.
Hi peeps and hope that you are all OK and extra hugs to all our friends in the US in what is a sad week for them xxx
“Short pulse output spectrum: -40 dB BW is 12.4 MHz, (-80 dB at +/- 62 MHz), -80 dB at +/- 19.6 MHz for congested areas(congested areas require transmitter output bandpass filter)”
“BAM is so unique. There are probably zillions of books to be written about BAM. There are so many ways to look at this material.”
At the same time, Junsu…
Literally, we cannot describe the history of life on this planet without using these mass die-offs as a yardstick. So what caused them all?
I wish . . . I dunno. That bad things didn't happen to people? How juvenile. That bad things only happened to bad people? Even worse. That senseless tragedy didn't occur? Bah. Without it, we would never appreciate the moments of beauty. I wish it didn't hurt so much, I guess, which is equally infantile. I wish I could still believe that maybe there was some greater meaning. It would be a lot more comfortable than this current state.
"Ireland, sir, for good or evil, is like no other place under heaven, and no man can touch its sod or breathe its air without becoming better or worse."
Laughter came from his older brother. “Ah kid… they say ‘hi’ to me because they think I don’t care. “ He chucked Damian under the chin. “You’re too eager. You’re easy pickings for them. But, if you make them think that you’re uninterested, why, suddenly you’re a challenge. The very thought that you don’t care is what makes them care.”
I finished this book ages ago including the sequel: Rumours.
Even THE FEEDSTORE CHRONICLES, for all of its pervasive comedy, is at its conclusion a love story. Plundered Booty the same. I have recently tried to write 3 separate comedy project where love was not a factor in the plot or theme. I have failed to create so much as a single acceptable chapter on any of the three.
That determination allowed her to see out 92 summers, It saw her through two world wars and her fair share of uncertain times. I look at that face and ask myself whether I can see the older woman who was my mother. I even look at it and ask whether I can see myself in that face, for, to be sure, there is a genetic umbilical cord that joins any two generations.
They glared at one another, Imp’s chin defiantly raised so she could meet Grue’s ‘eyes’ – the dark sockets of his skull-faced helmet.
Each chapter looks at a single topic, and gives a realistic apologetics pep talk designed to prepare students for real-life conversations. As Welborn goes through the classic arguments for the existence of God, she points out the limitations of each argument; there’s a very strong emphasis on clear, logical thinking. And although she doesn’t mince words, the tone is never that snarky triumphalism that so easily infects certain apologists. Very down-to-earth and understanding.
Secondly, we find that they were doorkeepers.
Sabring the gunners there,
The greatest need and deprivation in South Africa exists in rural regions. This has resulted in a massive influx to the metropolitan areas of South Africa. The old government tried to resist this process by subjecting the black African population to pass laws and exercising influx control on the basis of this. However it could not resist the pressure of poverty and the rapid increase in the population so that by the middle 1980s, when resistance to the apartheid regime took on revolutionary dimensions, it gave up on this quest. Today the hunger and deprivation of the rural areas has largely been translated into vast poverty-stricken urban slums, socially and economically driven by crime, feeble informal economic activities and old age pensions.
With 2011 underway there seems little in the way of good news to cheer most Greeks. Repeated increases in VAT, road tolls, ulitility and fuel bills, public transport combined with spiralling unemployment and shrinking wages have made people both angry and weary. The list of social and economic changes being pushed through parliament by the ruling PASOK government has left voters dazed.
As a book, it’s a great historical fiction for middle graders. There is a pretty gruesome murder, and it’s billed as a mystery, but I think the book is not so much about solving the mystery as it is about the main characters learning about themselves and the world they live in (the American South in the 1900s). In fact, most of the final resolution of the mystery takes place off-screen by the adults that the girls confide in, and the reader only gets the summary from an older Carrie.
Talk That Talk stands as one of Rihanna’s most musically dynamic works. From the electric metal of “Roc Me Out” to the dancehall rhythms of “You Da One,” many scenes will find something to dance to. Calvin Harris and DJ Luke spin their LPs for the house and electronic-club kids in “We Found Love” and “Where Have You Been,” while Jay-Z sends some love to fans of hip-hop in the album’s title track “Talk That Talk.” Appealing to such a wide audience is one of the album’s strengths, and reveals how much of a collaborative effort went into producing it.
HOURS AFTER THE ESTIMATED TIME OF ARRIVAL OR DAMAGING WAVES HAVE
4x Inquisitor Exarch
My urologist said that there would be blood in my urine for a while. Still it is disturbing when it happens.
- At the end of the day, it does smudge a tiny little on my lower outer corner. It’s not a deal-breaker for me, and I can wipe it off very easily, but I have to be honest about this!
In addition to these there were several challenges over the weekend. Most of the additional challenges were in sealed envelopes for us to draw from. I did several of them. There are actually two challenges here. The first was to make something with a small piece of shrink plastic, I made a butterfly, which I then included on the LO I did in response to another challenge which was to scrap a hymn or song. Don't ask why I choose that hymn. I've not heard it in years, or even thought about it, but as soon as I saw the challenge it came to mind and since I had the photo I went with it.
way. I want more things to happen. I want nice things to happen because
Since then, I have run in two more 1/2 marathons, and I have a few more places that matter to me where I shall run, God willing.
Kraft & Black cardstock
A Griffith innovation which didn’t catch on: note that this print is not subtitled “Love’s Struggle Through the Ages” but “A Sun-Play of the Ages.” Did DW have it in mind of this to become the standard term, replacing “movie”? What a feather in the cap that would have been, to not only (falsely) claim to have invented everything in the cinematic lexicon, but to name the medium itself. I say we bring the term back.
Absolutely all of the top-elite officers of these services appear to be convinced, without a shadow of a doubt, about Human Generated Climate Change (HGCC). All of those I have met consider it to be both real and one of the greatest challenges of our time.
Initially attempts to contact local police were unsuccessful as they did not answer the phone.
We went in early to see who had won this year and thank goodness the speeches were kept to a minimum and it all went off very smoothly. We had the local city band, were infront of the horse barn which really isnt for horses but for the trams that ply across the causeway to Granite Island pulled by a Clydesdale horse. The causeway is due for a major repair so unfortunately it will be closed from the end of January for a while, not quite sure how long, a shame as this is one of the towns major attractions.
Faux Fuchsia's recipe involved lemons instead of oranges and so I carefully boiled my three lemons until they were soft. I even made myself a coffee while I waited for them to cool down. This being a Grown Up Thing is strangely soothing right enough, I thought to myself (mental state: Serene).
Hollies
But here is one of the great beauties of the gospels—that there is gospel in the editing itself. When Jesus teaches the Sermon on the Mount, we are not to take the various clauses and separate them from the sermon. We cannot take
The spot was so far out in the woods that we didn't recognize the bombs for what they were. We thought there was a small earthquake, or maybe lightening booming over the mountain. We didn't even think much of it, just put the rain tarp on the tent and kept on with our pick-nick. Of course, I'm not sure what we would have done if we'd known what they were. We couldn't have saved them. We couldn't have saved anyone.
Dhall Beans, ½ cup, soak in water
Grace Jones Slave to the rhythm US
chocolate of course.
YUMMY SNACK – zero points
With nine studio albums and a greatest hits record on the market, Pastora has gained three platinum certifications and four gold ones. Throughout her career, she has also received important awards. And she has joined forces with such famous artists as Alejandro Sanz, Armando Manzanero, Raphael, Malú or Miguel Poveda to name but a few.
So after looking around and thinking about the problem items I decided that the following needed some re organisation:
Justin Street - bass, backing vocals
Inside each Note or Task you can add additional Notes, Tasks, etc. Use them to keep track of your related progress and comments. If you are working with others, you can instruct Springpad to send email to them and grant them access rights to your post.
TASS
it started to drive me batty.
I am actually off until next Monday, but it's feels kinda like pamper your sub week. I am getting tanned and nails done this week. I have a Munchkin free day on Friday and am going to take full advantage of that. So, even though I am sorry for no sexy posting I can't promise I will be doing a lot of posting this week either. However you never know.
Pretty, Happy, Funny. Real all in one!
She gave up following a serious accident which prevented her from doing her own shopping for a few months. Those who did her shopping while she was incapacitated, would of course have bought her cigarettes had she asked, but they were non-smokers who would have made her aware of their disapproval, and she found the prospect of their martyred smugness more difficult to face than even the withdrawal symptoms.
Uhuru is a word which the liberals like to associate with black freedom fighters rising up against white oppression, or which they use to evoke images of a rich African culture usually to the backing chants of village children or some lilting and sanitised voice of ethnic African revolution, such as the late Miriam Makeba
Camera:
But first, a little description. Oshiro’s show at Las Cienegas Projects includes two pieces. Large in the space, one work is a yellow dumpster which no doubt ranks among the many technical trompe-l'œil feats that Oshiro has achieved over the years. Full sized, the object (or painting for it‘s made of stretcher bars, canvas, paint, and bondo) is perfect, recording every stain, every gash, every ding. The second object in the room is an oblong entity, hanging, perhaps best described as a rectangular box which juts out slightly from the wall on one end. The object resembles nothing and though has trompe-l'œil features, isn’t mimicry in the traditional sense — it may recall a ceiling duct, but representationally speaking, you cannot say with confidence that is anything particular other than a sculpture or a painting. This small show in Los Angeles occurs at the same time as a much larger exhibition at Perrotin, the last show for the Paris gallery’s outpost in Miami, featuring more of the oblong boxes alongside more Oshiro icons like his dust paintings, his trash bins, and his modular speaker arrangements.
The earth can yield me but a common grave,
Large scale mudslides caused by heavy rainfalls yesterday damaged at least 200 homes in three villages in Khatlon’s Khuroson district in southwester Tajikistan.
So, I've set some goals for myself for the next few weeks...I've written them down so I can reassess in a week or two. Here they are:
sadness, sudden madness and my depression
Death Grips formed December 21, 2010., and released on March 8, 2011 its first video and single "Full Moon (Death Classic)". On April 26, 2011, Death Grips released an album entitled Exmilitary. NBCNewYork.com called it "an intense, dark listen."
Hell – I need a vacation again … the nomad in me has been imprisoned for a long time.
10. Peace in the Valley
Trash men didn't get my trash today
”I just want my chain pulled, are you woman enough for that?” My mind went red and so did my vision, “Woman enough!” As I looked to my little devil he was giving me 2 fists pumps up and with all my might I reached, grabbed and pulled his chain. Know what happen?
See you on Monday
Let’s think about what is going on here. We basically have a dense black field of oil paint on two panels with a copy of North Carolina’s Asheville Citizen newspaper pasted on top, the text rotated ninety degrees. In Asheville in late 1951, Rauschenberg was back at Black Mountain College from New York, making work and getting to know John Cage, the photos of Aaron Siskind, and Joseph Albers, whose rigor would guide his ethic but not his aesthetic. Earlier that summer, Rauschenberg had just presented his White Paintings at Betty Parson’s gallery, which Cage would call “landing strips” for shadows and dust. “Today is their creator,” Rauschenberg told Parsons and their white surfaces were known as surfaces ready to receive, process, and complicate visual information.
I am pleased to announce to you all that the sales are not as bad as everyone says. In fact, I found them even more pleasant than my usual shopping experiences in Paris! (So much so, that an entire new blog will be coming out of it next week -- a Guided Tour of Passy -- to share with you my finds and feats!
Right before Angus was born, I was able to go to the Fair Oaks J. Crew and spend some alone time just enjoying shopping with no kids around (well, sort of, lol, Gus *was* there). I had seen the space dyed cardigan on line in the gorgeous blue/purple hue and although I wasn't sure it was me, it was always in the back of my head to look for it when out and about. Well, I lucked out because it was at the Fair Oaks store, in my size, and on sale. Yes, it was my "I am about to have a kid" present to myself. And since he's a boy, the blue was perfect. ;)
if I were only with them once in a while.
Then there's the musical score by Troy Sterling Nies, which is a blatant ripoff of the great Bernard Herrmann, who though best known for his work with Alfred Hitchcock, also wrote some of the finest scores ever composed for sc-fi or horror films (Fahrenheit 451, The Day the Earth Stood Still, et al). I'm sure Nies thinks he's created an hommage here, but his work is not as complex or as clever as Herrmann's. So we get the brooding strings and ominous French horns and cellos that signal danger at many moments in the film. Make that just about every moment in the film, as this is wall-to-wall music that becomes irritating from almost the first frame.
Other: lace by Really Reasonable Ribbon, Whimsy embossing folder by Quickutz, pearls by Recollections, crochet thread in white, sentiment rub-on by EAD Designs
Find it in: While red wine has made headlines for the antioxidants it contains, any type of alcohol delivers the same benefits to your heart. The way to obtain them: moderation.
I woke up on Christmas morning to the sounds of one of my children wretching his guts out. By 3:00 that day another son was sick. This is another whole story and it is not very pretty so I think I will just stop there.
But mostly because it reminds me how I feel when I'm in a depressive episode and it scares me; it's the fear that I could end up back there and that's just the worst thought ever.
It is not easy to think of someone whose reputation in Scotland is now so poor.
Lots & lots of ice cubes - as many as will fit in your martini shaker
She walked in beauty
The first video I watched did a kind of random quilt pattern decoupage and it got me wanting to try a more structured harlequin pattern. But what to put it on? It dawned on me that my intended chalkboard might be magnetic - and it is! So rather than a chalkboard, I went for a magnet board.
*New work only anything blogged before the challenge goes live will not count!
-George V & Hyatt Plaza Vendome: Both of these fancy, swanky hotels have gorgeous terraces – but be prepared to shell out some cash to enjoy them!
However . . . I came up with a brilliant plan to steal my sister-in-law's photos from Facebook. Last weekend, almost my entire family came down and we had a fun weekend swimming at the hotel pool, eating and enjoying being together. I got to play host for a few meals too which I always enjoy. And no, I didn't have to break the bank to pay for the food- I stayed UNDER BUDGET for the week, including our normal food plus the extra food for our weekend. I love not spending tons of money on groceries! Oh . . . and now I have to apologize for stealing pictures.
So, needless to say, I was a bit emotional all day. I was in a constant state of stress, and really just didn't feel myself. All I wanted to do was go home, have a good cry, and take a nap. Instead, I made it through the day, did my best to recover my environment enough to get some work done, and then went home and took a long, hot bath.
We look up for God, but tears have made us blind."
I could teleport
‘We need to remind the Republicans who want to enforce ideological purity that if they succeed, they will undo Reagan’s work to create an inclusive party that could fit many different views’.
I have pulled out a few leadership principles that I culled from the interview, but you’ll want to watch the whole video:
During my holidays in Malaysia, I took opportunities to join model search and some pageants. To my amazement, I was announced to be in top 5 in national final in my first beauty pageant. Two years ago, I decided to try out my luck in Miss Malaysia Model of the World 2007, I was announced as the national winner for that year. I have great experience to carry the honour to represent my country in Miss Model of the Year 2007 in China. I was one of the top 15 finalists competing with nearly 70 models around the world. In the same year, I was sent to Korea for International Model of the Year model competition, and I got into the top 10 at international finals and was awarded best in evening gown.
This design was selected by Deneka Fuller and it was soooo appropriate for the occasion.
Paper: Olive green, Echo Park DP, PTI vintage cream, Fine Linen, gold
While Maria and Kari pushed b.g. in the swings, during p.j.'s nap, the little baby slept in the pouch, and I could see his pulse beating through the top of his silky fuzz hair, and when I held my breath, I could feel his own breathing against my chest.
Executive Producer(s): Russell T. Davies, Julie Gardner, Phil Collinson
Iván Meade - What is the best advice (design related or otherwise) that you have ever received?
11/13/2008 - Seattle, WA - The Showbox
8. What’s the view out your window?
Big Andy
Also, I was as sick as a dog that entire week, the one thing I dreaded and I couldn't avoid it. I wasn't able to get out and see as many people that I wanted to while I was in Paris but there is always a next time, right?
Jesse-UPS. 3AM. Office Depot. Almost done working at Office Depot. Yes! Promoted to a supervisor at UPS. Woot woot! (after only 3 months of working there!) Full time school. Stressed. Finals this week and next. Stressed. Good looking and sexy.
- Anon
So, because we have to blame someone nowadays, who can we blame? I guess, for all its advantages and wonders and greatness, we have to blame the Internet. There has always been an intolerant, angry minority. it's just now the Internet helps everyone shout that little louder. And those that get noticed are the noisy ones. We can also, in the UK, blame the press. Particularly the ever powerful tabloids. And of course the Daily Mail, for pretending to be a broadsheet and preaching hate and negativity on a daily basis to people who should know better.
What’s not to like? They are mini cakes!!
1. Preheat your oven to 375 (350@SL), prepare cupcake tin.
Yoda, Non Yoda Quotes
In this particular prayer, believing that “God will certainly reward Virtue and punish Vice either here or hereafter” (600), he covenants with God (the father figure of heaven), that he will perform “kind offices” to God’s other “Children” (595). Furthermore, he later postulates that “the most acceptable Service of God is doing Good to Man” (600). Arguably, then, his divine covenant to do “kind Offices” (595) to other men – bettering God’s other children (including his own) – leads him to produce The Autobiography. What is worthy of note, however, is that initially, his divine covenant to “spread” noble virtues were exclusively aimed toward the “young and single Men” (600) of the nation. However, irrespective of his intended/actual audience, it can be deduced, then, that The Autobiography isFranklin’s way of fulfilling his divine covenant, offering a testimonial blueprint to better other mankind – his son and the sons of America.
Join us during Happy Hour tomorrow, May 3rd at Mad River Bar & Grille as we raise money for a great cause. A Dog for Kate is an non-profit organization that raises money to donate diabetic alert dogs for children with Type 1 Diabetes. With the $5 donation entry fee, you will receive a free drink as well as selections from the 1/2 off menu. There will also be other discounted menu items as well as 50/50 drawings through out the event.
Roustabout Soundtrack
Fones method or circular scrub method
I am further outraged to learn that the American Red Cross did, in fact, complete the permit application process. As in every year past, the group completed the form and followed the policy guidelines flawlessly. The reward for their prudence? To be totally disrupted, and ultimately, forced to abandon their nonprofit event.
# Footnotes
Ah, but the years have passed, and the cameras in the US are now just as slim and compact as what the Lumix FX7 was in Japan 5-6 years ago. But, I still have my trusty little camera with me because it's lasted all these years, and I figure, why buy a new one if this one still works perfectly well?
Well we made it to NYC! Whooohooo!
GILDA — MUHOLLAND DR. Not only does the amnesiac Rita derive her name from a poster for this movie, but the audition scene where Naomi Watts plays a scene of hatred as if it were a love scene is a clear paraphrase of a similar scene between Glenn Ford and Rita Hyaworth in the classic noir. SUNSET BLVD also seems to inform this film, but in a more diffuse way that’s hard to pinpoint through direct comparisons.
But every once in a while we stumble on a waterfall unexpectedly. This serendipity makes the experience seem even more delightful than it would otherwise be.
“Oh yes, I agree. Especially when one has children,” said their mom. “These are my girls – Izzy here is twelve, and Hen just turned eight last month.”
... and other comings and goings at NABC, by Roger A. Baylor, co-owner and carnival barker.
Pronunciation (think of Psyche!)
Before Dada arrived home, Ryan sold cookies and cider on sunday. We have these red dragonflies in the area, and I think this one was waiting to purchase something from Ryan's stand, hanging out right under the menu.
Snowman’s Acreage Warp
In the fields at dusk we watched the Mad March Hares playing (before returning home for tea with Alice and the dormouse no doubt). Bounding through the sprouting wheat and barley, pausing occasionally to box each other before carrying on their whimsical game of tag. Roe deer spotted in the distance, only as tall as the hedges around them, slim elegant legs and necks, they walk sedately though the fields. Admittedly at this point I only saw the farm, I didn’t do any work or get involved in any way. But watching the wildlife at dusk you see how nature endures calmly and happily, barely disturbing the silence and flattered by the twilight, providing gentle entertainment, amusement and wonderment. I’m sure Mother Nature will reveal her nasty side to me soon enough – and eyes peeled because I’ll write about it when she does – but for now, I’m smitten.
“Innards? Certainly that is not a word that you learned in my household. Is this the type of vocabulary your Jewish boyfriend is teaching you?”
so you can well imagine that I have a lot to share!
Khar claimed his ex-wife killed herself because she didn’t have enough money, not because of her horrific injuries.
Yesterday was kinda different.
The germ of my attempt to write legends of my own to fit my private languages was the tragic tale of the hapless Kullervo in the Finnish Kalevala. It remains a major matter in the legends of the First Age (which I hope to publish as The Silmarillion), though as ‘The Children of Hurin’ it is entirely changed except in the tragic ending.[2]
5. What was your first IM/Screen Name/Email account name and why did you pick it? (I really hope it was something completely cheesy!)
Now, she said, she has something to pass on to the next generation of her family.
As a writer, and someone who has taught writing, this is a key theme in helping people turn into great communicators. You've got to connect with your audience. I learned this early in my writing career. I had just finished up my Ph.D., where you have to write very academically, citing everything, and sounding as erudite as possible. When I first wanted to share my Ph.D. research with the homeschooling community, I wrote a big ol' book called something like "Educational Philosophy and the Home Schooling Movement". You all remember that one, don't you? Huge success.
Using the Decline Summer the new year style place for men, wedding ceremony Taiga leather-based engages gamed an important role.
My family is well aware of the fact that I am obsessed with pears. Followers of this blog may have noticed that this yummy and shapely fruit has shown up in more than one recipe I have posted. But if you walked into my home and gazed upon my walls, you would know that my admiration for the pear goes beyond cooking.
In just two weeks, we celebrate mommas everywhere. Do you want something fun and unique to give that special Mom in you life?! From now until Mother's Day, May 13th, use code MOMMA in the While He Was Napping Etsy Shop and get 15% off your entire order. Physical items ship next day and digital items ship within 24 hours. If you place a custom order with me by May 11th for any digital items, you'll receive 35% off your custom order. Go crazy! Personalize that subway art print! Convo me to set up a custom piece.
► Start your own compost pile. It's free. It's easy. It's good for the garden!
I added family and friends who wanted to read along but could not figure out how
Carrie Ann: When is that? LOL. Usually I read or cook. I’m quite boring. Though I’m turning into a Sci-Fi Geek thanks to Netflix. Any recommendations?
Fleming took the name for his character from that of the American ornithologist James Bond, a Caribbean bird expert and author of the definitive field guide, "Birds of the West Indies"; Fleming, a keen birdwatcher himself, had a copy of Bond's guide and he later explained to the ornithologist’s wife that "It struck me that this brief, unromantic, Anglo-Saxon and yet very masculine name was just what I needed, and so a second James Bond was born". He further explained that: When I wrote the first one in 1953, I wanted Bond to be an extremely dull, uninteresting man to whom things happened; I wanted him to be a blunt instrument...when I was casting around for a name for my protagonist I thought by God, (James Bond) is the dullest name I ever heard. —Ian Fleming, The New Yorker, 21 April 1962
and think
True, the pogo-stick can be a bit awkward and sometimes unwieldy, especially for young parents with prams and so forth, as well as those who used to use public transport for their shopping trips. For example, it is easy to spot the trail left by a newcomer to the pogo-stick based shopping experience as the bouncing does tend to liberate a not-unreasonable amount of insecurely–packed shopping, especially such items as loose potatoes or oranges.
So far I've managed to keep myself happy with borrowed stamp sets, but I know the time is coming when it will not be enough. I am agonizing over which sets to start with - ones that I already know & love, or something new?
Next day he began to hang his pictures.
Corina's heard the usual pledging of new cheerleaders is a fabulous affair. Being woken early and taken to breakfast. Announcing the pledge and hugging her sorority sisters. She's ready, very ready. The preamble to her initiation, tame. Having to dress alike, paint toes and fingernails, be a slave for a day. All doable and whilst a little humiliating, she's in good company as other hopefuls comply with the wishes of their future sorority sisters. All a bit of a lark really and taken in good faith.
a bunch of my other journals on another shelf.
LibDem spokesman Chris Huhne said: 'The Government's cavalier attitude to DNA retention has put us in the ridiculous situation where people are being arrested just to have their DNA harvested.
In a few years my father built one of the first television sets in the city (extremely primitive with a tiny postcard sized picture). The war was finally over.
Life lessons seem to present a different set of challenges. In one day I seem to have learned 8 lessons at one time. This was not my first run of these lessons just the first time that I actually wrote them down and really gave them some bird’s eye attention.
The Lady and the Unicorn tapestries, of course, were a highlight. I think it was just the amount of medieval art all together in one museum. There is a real sense of time and place there, an ancient past well-represented. The chapel there reminded me of Hogwarts, too, which was cool. ;-)
As for you, what are you waiting for? Come on. No excuses now. Get writing!
This type of life, with children being free and capable is age-old, but most "experts" are living in the traditional paradigm of judgement, limitations and fear, and we need to stop looking to them for the answers. The answers are within ourselves, and within our children who by their nature are usually totally authentic and totally in touch with their own personal needs, and what they are (and aren't) capable of.
AVR
Watered the fig tree, there are plenty of figs on it this year, hope we get some really great figs. I’m talking about the old fig tree, not the new ones we recently planted.
This book has a new character, Maggie the Glasgow fox, who has a rather capacious handbag!
Much in the tradition of new year’s resolutions, the bloated self-indulgence of December’s blockbuster fare has been cast off and replaced with a healthy salad of crisp and fibrous new releases, each loudly espousing their restorative properties this January. Whilst this obviously has more to do with the upcoming Oscars (shudder) and much less an attempt at cleansing, focussing and reinvigorating filmic output on the part of the industry, it’s nonetheless highly welcome. You can already taste those celluloid vitamins slipping down your greasy gullet.
I want to volunteer my services to help people around the world.
New Borders w/ Custom Border Colors
1 timber
David Raksin, who wrote the music for "The Bad And The Beautiful", a theme known as Love Is For The Very Young, is one of Hollywood's most talented composers. A student of such diverse composers as Arnold Schonberg and Harl McDonald, Mr. Raksin began his Hollywood career arranging the score for the first Chaplin sound film, "Modern Times". Remaining there ever since, he has written many notable scores, for a wide variety of movies including "The Secret Life Of Walter Mitty", "Forever Amber", "The Magnificent Yankee", "Whirlpool", and "The Next Voice You Hear". Perhaps his best-known work was the music for "Laura", which in turn became one of the most popular songs of 1945. In addition to his film work, Mr. Raksin has written music for the ballet, for stage plays, chamber groups and for musical comedies. In the theme presented here, he expertly reflects the polished sophistication of the film, overlaid with a wistful, haunting minor quality. Percy Faith's arrangement underlines the poignant note in the music in a splendid concert setting.
Why didn't i know, all this time
My neighbor's mailbox.
3) Sugarplum Hearts (1789) by Gina Welborn
Bob Schneider
“So until the president publicly puts his wheels down on the side of full equality, he must be passionately engaged, confronted and protested for maintaining his prejudiced, hurtful public position. If his evolution continues to fall short, then those interested in equality in this country must abandon their support. Hope should never become delayed disappointment.”
One of the reasons Deschutes has given for halting production of Cinder Cone is that it’s one of their least popular seasonals. So I found it a bit ironic that Drink Hacker rated Cinder Cone higher than its replacement Red Chair NWPA.
"In Toronto today, almost 95% of all cases of TB in the city are from people born in other parts of the world," explains Khan, an infectious diseases physician and scientist at St. Michael's Hospital. "That's because in many parts of the developing world, access to medicines to treat TB is not available." TB is a serious and contagious disease with a long incubation but most people exposed to it (that's about one-third of us, globally) have healthy immune systems to keep the germ in check. But some people who may have acquired TB in their home countries may develop the disease even decades after coming to Canada. If the disease is dormant, the chest screening that is done for immigration purposes may show nothing. Only if their X-ray is abnormal is a new Canadian given a skin test to see if they have TB in its active form. Even if they do not, those with abnormal X-rays are put under surveillance when they arrive -- seen by a doctor and followed by the local public health department. A TB skin test can confirm whether or not you're a carrier or have the disease. But that test is not part of the immigration exam, says Khan. Of the 250,000 new immigrants to Canada each year, Khan estimates that 85,000 could be carriers. Their inactive infection could be easily treated, but if they develop active TB, they would require a lengthy and very costly multi-antibiotic treatment.
LOL! The Guardian article below is reasonably sophisticated in that it admits that the prewar Nazis were Green too but says that modern-day German nationalists are "using" the Greenie movement -- suggesting that the Nationalist committment to Greenie ideals is superficial and not sincere. But if Das dritte Reich was passionately environmentalist, why can their modern-day successors not be equally passionate about their beliefs? Environmentalism is no facade for them. It is central to their beliefs.
In closing, the question is can America wait till 2035 or beyond to become energy independent? The hope of 1980 is long gone. Today, incentives for alternate energy are thin. Few if any congress man/women, democrat, republican, tea party member would campaign to increase foreign imports of oil. So what is it? Possibly our government just does not give a dam.
“No wait!” He slowly lowered the phone and regarded Jacobs carefully.
DJ Sumbody: I’m a former student of the school and found this initiative as of great importance. My focus is to reach the SAMA’s next year and be nominated as I believe I have worked really hard and have the faith that I can do it.
Record: 20-11
2.Added 2 new family members..............my sister in law's husband & my sister's husband................so yeah attended 2 family weddings and had a blast!..............Met so many long lost cousins,welcomed new members to our family folds which was simply superb!
Looking for a good book? Just in time for Texas Mystery Month, I've got your next excellent reading material right here! My friend Robin Allen has a new novel out: If You Can't Stand the Heat. It's a cozy mystery with a witty protag, so if you want a fun read with an interesting plot that moves at a fast pace, this is the book for you. It's gotten great reviews.
Not surprisingly, these schools were named for white leaders who had a played a large role in the city kansas news station television of growth owing to the south includes the city kansas news station television in Kansas its unique charm, particularly a wedding in the city kansas news station television but may get uncomfortable in the city kansas news station television for rent in Kansas that make for great camping and fishing opportunities.
Knowing well that you were watching
With that bit of eye candy, you’ll surely want to see the design team's cards and creations in full color when you take a trip over to their blogs!
Oh, and I also got to see my friend Laura, who showed up from Ithaca out of the blue. She's an army wife, and they've been all over the place. I hadn't seen her for 8 years, and it didn't seem like a day had passed. I love having friends like that.
We had a Pekingese named Fang for years but I was soo young when he died, he was primarily my sister and brother's dog..
“That’s very impressive,” I said. “You know what I’ve got? This.” I tapped the Guan Dao strapped to my back. A Chinese halberd, consisting of a one and a half meter long wooden pole with a curved sword edge on one end and a sharp spike on the other.
1 3/4 c. flour
“No,” she said, brushing her bangs out of her eyes, still all nonchalant as she took a seat in front of me. “Well, actually, they’re looking for an English-speaking writer in the Paris office.” Pause. Our eyes locked. “I thought of you.” We both started to smile. “On the Louis Vuitton account,” she finished dramatically.
The first book in the series, “May Day” was also recently a free download on Amazon, so I can now back up and see what I missed.
07-29 Indianapolis, IN – The Lawn At White River State Park
Lavonte David - Nebraska – David led the Big12 in tackles last year and now he’s moving to a much more run-happy conference in the Big10. Look for this extremely fast and athletic LB to increase his tackle total (an impressive 152 tackles) from last season. He will make a fantastic OLB in the NFL due to his speed, a skill that always “translates” nicely to the next level.
1. Preheat oven to 325°. Line cupcake pans with paper liners; set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine flours, sugar, baking powder, and salt; mix on low speed until combined. Add butter, mixing until just coated with flour.
There is nothing in Joan’s life or about Joan that Gert or me, or anybody else to be jealous about.
I’m overwhelmed by your love
Turn 4 sees the opponents enjoy a bit of the 1's as well, he makes a Go For It with his Hobgoblin and get's the 1 Reroll: 1 that is always popular.
My husband is finally back from a 10 day trip. Things went pretty well. Victoria watched a lot of Dora. Doing both drop off and pick up to school stunk though. I felt guilty about the TV but she is at school all day, I’m pregnant and tired, and it’s 7 degrees out. And we did lots of other things too.
From the St. Baldrick's website today: In recognition of National Volunteer Week (April 15-21), we salute all of our amazing volunteers, and thank YOU for your hard work and tireless efforts to support the Foundation’s mission to fund life-saving childhood cancer research!
Nostradamus Quatrain IX 83
Water Bottle Sling with ChopStick Holder
To wear a cheerful countenance at all times and give every living person you meet a smile.
special effects, while Sinbad was his first feature in color.
Later on, I was waiting with her so she could send a toy car down a ramp. Sounds safe, right? In her typical independent and oppositional way, she began telling me that she didn’t need my help this time, but as she looked up at me to tell me this—remember, I am 6’3”—she lost her balance, fell backwards and hit her head on the small steps she was waiting near. This, for my wife, was the straw that broke the camel’s back, and I was relegated to the
The UNEM students union held another protest today against the “militarization” of the campus and the general disregard by the administration for student rights.
Holman is a master at creating spell-binding sentences. She can slip from third person to omniscient to first person better than any writer I can think of (except maybe Lauren Groff). Seriously, her technique is almost invisible. But even the greatest technique cannot save a story that leads nowhere.
Paradoxical Freedoms
I went to my primary care physicians office the other day to get drops for my eyes, I had an eye infection...probably from rubbing my eyes from crying so much. I haven't been to the doctor in about 2 years. He didn't know I was ever pregnant. He said well your other eye is red too and I said well that's because I have been crying. He asked why...I said my baby died...I told him about Camille...briefly, I just wanted my eye drops. He then proceeded to tell me that it happened to his niece and I should look at the bright side, that it could be worse and then said "if they had delivered her earlier before she died she might have had brain damage and you would have had to deal with a brain damaged child for 50-70 years, would you want that"?? SERIOUSLY- he asked me if I would want a brain damaged baby. Then he proceeded to tell me about a colleague who's daughter just drowned, and his brother who has cancer. I couldn't even believe my ears...he told me it could be worse! MY BABY JUST DIED-- STUPID ASSHOLE! I kept thinking...I am so glad I'm not married to this guy. I didn't even freak out at him. I just wanted him to stop talking and give me my prescription.
Preheat oven to 350°.
Clean the chandelier
40. Go to a painting party.
Alonso Soto, Tiago Pariz – Reuters, 04/18/2012
Recipe for World Peace Cookies
Thrown onto a noisy and plebeian age with which he does not care to eat out of the same dishes, he can easily perish of hunger and thirst or, if eventually he “falls to” after all—of sudden nausea.[15]
hasn't forced me to use Timeline. I have a whole page full of Apps now, some I actually use! I still play Tetris, and now it's on iPad, it's actually big enough for my distinctly middle aged eyesight and fat fingers!
Remember when you were growing up and you always thought you knew more than your parents. You would ask to go somewhere or to wear a certain outfit and they would tell you no. You would try and argue your point, get mad and frustrated; but the answer remained no.
Gordon Dahlquist’s much-hyped Glass Books of the Dream Eaters was acquired by Bantam as part of a two-book deal for two million dollars. That’s—let’s say it again— $2,000,000. 120,000 copies were printed; so far, over almost seven months, sales have amounted to about 21,000 copies, which means so far the earned royalties are, say, about $55,000 of that $2 million.
At the risk of eschewing actual content for cheapie YouTube posts, this one caught me during the first half of today's Bills-Broncos game.
What if someone came to town and asked, “Who’s your Ad Person Of The Year?” And you would have to say, “Well, we don’t really have one. We used to have one but now he’s a dry cleaner.” That wouldn’t be right.
2. Don't attempt to make any pattern changes based on said 'fitting' whilst suffering from a fluey-type bug.
Many of us don’t just wear a watch, we collect watches. We must have one of each kind and style…we are watch enthusiasts. If you fall into this category, and you don’t own a chronograph yet, shame on you. It may be a hard pick, but with phenomenal brands, such as TAG Heuer to choose from, you can’t go wrong.
* Climatology
Add a drizzle of walnut oil to the custard batter for some added fat, and a deliciously nutty taste. (Just don't do it all the time, though, since walnut oil is omega-6 heavy. Maybe make the custard with Omega-3 eggs to offset?)
It's crying uncle. I surrender. A tanda never seems longer.
We will never “fail” in this life because this life is not anywhere near what we are in eternity. Detach from the body, discover who resides within and nothing in human experience will ever be able to take from you anything that actually does matter.
Maybe you’re not into spoofs, but most of us authors have some pretty hysterical rough drafts and drawer manuscripts. Dig one out (an old one that doesn’t grieve you anymore), and find a section to give your audience. If you read from your current book, don’t be afraid to spice it up. Dramatic pauses, voices, gasps—whatever fits. They’re ready to be entertained, so be brave. Collect some anecdotes from your travel or tour and have them ready. Self-deprecating humor is always a safe bet, too.
Algerian-born Nourreddinne Mouleff, 36, of Pevensey Road, opened a number of bank accounts using a fake French identification account, it is claimed.
frame class may be subject to special scrutineering of structure
not unlike the tramp in the street
Published books have always been respected because of the many gatekeepers they had to go through to get on that bookstore shelf. Numerous people had to agree that the book was worthy of publication. Large companies had to invest money and time. All of that added to the value of each book.
Commission of the European Communities (CEC). Reproductive toxicity: the toxicology of chemicals, series two. Luxembourg, Edinburgh: Office for Official Publications of the European Communities, 1993.
This declaration emphasizes the concern of the European Parliament and the systematic character of the attacks against white South Africans, and asks the South African government to urgently take measures to protect the Boers.
Peanut is still a little treasure. Did you know that when Buddy gets his breathing treatments Peanut comes and sits by him? While he’s been sick she has spent a lot of time on his lap. He’s sweet to her and is good at being gentle. He doesn’t like the dog because he’s so big and clumsy.
Recessional
I would NOT be writing this had it not been for this teacher who believed in me. So, truly from my heart...THANK YOU to ALL the teachers...who make a DIFFERENCE.
in and out and round and through,
One of the areas in which I can improve (there are many) is "pick your fight", as in - How important is it? For example, if I say its black and you say its grey, does it really matter? Is it worth causing an argument over? Is it worth fracturing a relationship for? No! It isn't!
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia is held in April/May in Sydney every year as a trade event. But from August 21 – 25 2012, the Mercedes Benz Fashion Festival Sydney hits town to showcase to the general public Australia’s leading designer brands and retailers.
Gee, someone will be with me in a few minutes, Olivia muttered to herself. Well, they can take their sweet time. I’m in no hurry. She looked over at the officer sitting at the desk. She was a large, black woman about 30. She did not look up and did not seem in any hurry. At no time did she even acknowledge Olivia’s presence.
On a crafty note, I am very happy to report that a selection of my bags are currently for sale in Arteria, a lovely gallery/shop based in Lancaster which stocks a wide range of 'contemporary and design led gift ideas'. I don't know how I managed to continue making bags in the run up to the wedding!
It is now in the fermenter with an OG of 1032, which is a little on the low side and will probably result in a final gravity of 1010 giving just under 3% alcohol. When carbonating the sugar might add on another 0.25 to 0.5%. The instructions on the back recommend using 1kg of raw sugar which would have a higher fermentability than malt extract at the expense of body. If making the kit again I would make it with the raw sugar and compare against the malt extract to see which gives the better flavour.
these two items look like so much fun! but i feel as though they wont work on me for some reason. i love the palazzo look as its very fun and sophisticated and the peg legs are so elegant both should be worn with a fitted top to balance out the wide hips/hem. this looks like it would be a blast to dress up as you can get very creative with the print pattern/colour combinations.
Hello! And how are we all doing?
After a sudden and absurd onset of completely unnecessary road rage that was directed at me Thursday afternoon, I realized how important it is to remain on guard against Satan’s endeavor to rob us blind when we least expect it. The incident left me feeling angry, defeated, judgmental against mankind, and sorry for myself – after a beautiful Bible study session, no less. I sat there in my kitchen crying at my reflection in the window, wondering how someone could be so cruel to me when I am in such a fragile state. I wondered why I was in this “stupid situation” to begin with, which has me so on edge and so overly-sensitive. “If they only knew…,” I thought. I tried asking God for help, but I think He was just waiting for me to get proper perspective on it before He instantly dried my tears. It was exactly then that I got a text message from one of my sweet Bible study friends, simply asking me when my due date was. Funny, I had just thought of her, and how I’d like to talk to her, and there she was texting me. After answering her question, I texted back that I really needed prayer right now and went on to explain the situation. I ended up on the phone with her as she prayed over me and calmed me down. God definitely used her yesterday afternoon to minister to me. Later that evening she sent a text to check on me that read, “I was thinking that satan really wanted to do a number on you through that guy and distract you from this morning’s message – call it for what it is and claim victory over satan’s attempt to bring you down and feel discouraged!! There is a huge spiritual warfare going on right now.” After she pointed this out to me, it was so blatantly obvious that I can’t believe I didn’t recognize it!!
Identification with God
After high school and some college, Mr. King briefly worked for an IBEW contractor before being drafted into the military. Following his service in the early 70s, King became his own boss by going into business as the youngest electrical contractor in Toledo.
I have a link on my side bar that will take you to my FB if you would like to stop by.
We feel very comfortable here and are really enjoying Shanghai. The funniest and most unexpected thing that we have experienced so far was people wanting to take a picture of us while we were out touring. I wasn't expecting this, I suppose, since we are in the city. But our guide told us that the people that wanted pictures were visitors from other areas who had never seen young, white people. I felt like Mickey Mouse at Disney World at first when we posed with a little Chinese girl so her dad could take a photo!! Scott joked that we should smile alot when we were walking around because people kept covertly pulling out their cell phones and grabbing a 'secret' shot. I am not quite sure yet if this attention is because we are looked at like celebrities, being from America, or just plain weird, although Stephanie assures us it is the former!
The editor of the film, Doty Dorn, has said in interviews that her first responsibility as editor was to read the script several times. This is not normally the case with editors, who are more concerned with daily footage than over-arching plot. It is up to the director to decide the plot, the editor just assembles the cuts . . . normally. But in this film there is a special relationship between the editing and the story. The editing, more than the camera even, is what puts the viewer inside the character. There are aids, like Guy Pierce’s voice-over, but really it is in the pieces of information that are given at the beginning and end of each scene that helps us to find our footing.
I spent the afternoon getting to know a new friend as we slowly made bagels and tended her cute kids. Mine were baked with poppy seeds and she chose to melt butter over hot bagels and dust with cinnamon and sugar.
Add matzoh meal and beat until well-blended.
If you wish to see the truth
Loyal and insecure. Witty
“I regret that I put her on the back of the truck, that was a mistake, but what else was I going to do?” Modisette said. “She just about threw me across the woods when I tried to walk her down.”
Of all these unnameable sentiments
P.S. The Hotel Hollywood recovered from the loss and went on to even greater fame over the next decade and a half as ground zero for the invasion of Hollywood by those movie people. For a time both the Hollywood and Beverly Hills prospered equally, but by the end of the 1920′s, the Hollywood was beginning to fade fast until it finally faded away completely and demolished in 1956. A terrible loss of priceless history going with it. The Beverly Hills, however, is still going strong and still making history. Happy Birthday Pink Palace!!!
I proceeded to write a brief monologue, just to get into the character a little bit (a slightly awkward, obsessive weirdo is obviously a stretch for me) and we found the premise that became the hook of the song. “If it’s a crime to (insert really crazy behavior here), then I guess I am guilty of loving you to excess.” It was a particularly helpful hook for me, because the rhymes for “excess” provide ample opportunity for fun crazy behavior.
$1 off People Magazine
For the panels that go around the top half of the box, I used Speciality Stamping Paper again. I blended DI over it and stamped using the small butterfly and flower from the Flower Market set and distressed the edges with my scissors.
As for Lincolnshire Police Authority and the Lincs chief officers who enabled this; they should hang their heads in shame. At least their names will forever be associated with the selling of British policing.
Eventually, we moved to Portland. Right off the bat, we didn't seem to fit in. We lived on a christiand dorms while we waited to get married. Also, I attended school. No matter how we tried, we didn;t fit. teh leaders on the dorms didn;t like us. Hardly anyone would talk to me at school.
Row 24: Purl
And this week we have a fabbo sketch for you all to inspire you with.
shift the light
Combine all ingredients in the large bowl of a food processor. Blend for one to two minutes until smooth and creamy, scraping down sides as necessary. Refrigerate a minimum of one hour before serving.
4. A personalised pendant from Alina Heart of Silver might be the ideal present for mum, Alina hand engraves each pendant with children's name and birthdays. Circle of Heart is $45 fully customised.
Christel Swasy, an educator and blogger in Utah, sent me a couple of detailed emails about why Common Core is wrong for Utah. Her blog is here and you can read a lot about CCSS there.
Thank you all so much for the birthday tweets and comments and emails! They poured in all day and your thoughtfulness made me so happy. Thank you!
Not enough was it that Sam had bottled some of her Cherry Bomb Porter especially for the night, but each guest was supplied with a Cherry Ripe chocky to enjoy with the beer. And, in an impromptu in-house auction, Sam managed to sever $22 from an eager punter in return for the half eaten sample that had inspired the brew in the first place. Half eaten and sat on.
It was a good enough church from the moment the curve opened and we
Samsung cellular phones will be convinced in making you spare tyre by helping cover their astonishment plus overall appeal by way of this is fantastic natural beauty plus usefulness. Certainly a handful of turn pretty highly-priced. Although the communicating sector develops by using a number of mobile or portable cellular phone promotions featuring gigantic gains. You possibly can invest in your hottest Samsung phone mobile inside of a pretty low-priced amount by way of putting their signature to many mobile promotions for instance SIM absolutely free Samsung cellular phones, pay back just like you visit cellular phones plus 12 times absolutely free set lease plan option. What’s more, a Samsung cellular phones plan promotions can come coupled with a lot of the a lot of captivating features, just like gift items for instance absolutely free assurance, absolutely free insurance cover, absolutely free electronic cool gadgets, gadgets plus helpful cashback features. Take a look at a world with Samsung cellular phones plus come to feel a variance with mobile or portable telephony. There are plenty of on-line sellers this give many features for low-priced Samsung cellular phones within the unrivaled amount.
A physicist begins a quest to measure the soul but soon finds himself drawn into the world of the enigmatic Max Richardson, where research is sold to the military at the highest bid. However, he soon discovers another purpose when an extremely talented young psychic enters his life. He devises a project and builds a team to stretch the frontiers of exploration, only to make a reality-shattering discovery...
You all on twitter have helped alot, giving me advice and support, namely @kimifan @charliestyman and @_saki_chan! Thank you all so much.
It’s Baseball Time, again! Are you a Giants fan, a Dodgers fan, a Yankees fan or a Mets fan? I know there are many baseball teams between CA and NY! Who do you root for? Who breaks your heart every season?
Until then, enjoy some more vacation photos. I promise there is only one more vacation post to come!
Also, though no one has questioned this, the word ‘vir’ is a noun that means ‘male’ in English as in gender. That makes no sense, obviously. The correct word that should be used to describe a humanoid/man reaper is ‘homo.’ I thought the word ‘vir’ sounded really cool and this is an example of one of my creative liberties.
Interior pockets: 10"x19" - cut 2 - the pockets are designed to fit up to an 8" plate and average sized utensils, but feel free to adjust the 19" measurement as needed
And so they have proved. Researchers into nineteenth and early twentieth century periodicals become used to the scent of decomposition in the stacks, to the petillation of toast-coloured fragments strewn beneath the desk at the end of each days’ work. In 2008 15% of the total British Library collection was deemed unusable due to deterioration. Some of the cheapest papers for which Allingham wrote no longer exist in any repository. As soon as Fifty Years in the Fiction Factory is finished, the sooner Allingham’s archive gets out of my attic and into the controlled environment of a university library. And the sooner I’ll sleep easy.
To Whoever Gets My Dog: Well, I can’t say that I’m happy you’re reading this, a letter I told the shelter could only be opened by Reggie’s new owner. I’m not even happy writing it. If you’re reading this, it means I just got back from my last car ride with my Lab after dropping him off at the shelter. He knew something was different. I have packed up his pad and toys before and set them by the back door before a trip, but this time… it’s like he knew something was wrong. And something is wrong… which is why I have to go to try to make it right. So let me tell you about my Lab in the hopes that it will help you bond with him and he with you
Bridge to Terabithia by Katherine Paterson: This novel! Another school house favorite of mine. When I was in 4th or 5th grade, my class read this novel, and I couldn't dislodge myself from its world. I remember going home, and trying to recreate Terabithia in my room, or in the bathroom with blankets, a flashlight, and glow crayons. This novel showed me the beauty and blessing of being able to imagine farther and wider than ones own environment.
Before Baclofen I would have been nervously making conversation, worrying about what others were thinking about me, drinking the wine very fast and feeling incredibly self-conscious and inferior.
It's such a joy to have something to look forward to doing instead of the feeling I get when I go to work at the bank. (The "get me outta here!" feeling). Beauty and makeup is something I am definitely passionate about and I'm just excited to learn more and see my business grow. :)
For the duration of the first two years at the IIS, GPISH students take a variety of courses in art, philosophy, religious studies, history and the social sciences. At the end of the first year, they have the opportunity to travel for an Arabic or Persian immersion programme, in order to assist them in studying primary academic sources in these languages.
At Disneyland, she said 'poopoos' at dinner and then a few minutes later, we smelled it. So I took her into the bathroom at fan.tasyland and they have to baby changing tables (formica countertops, nothing special - the childcare center is where you have breathing room to change them). I put her down and realized this was no ordinary poop. She had been wearing a big coat (because hello, it's like 55 degrees out and we so.cal folks have no temperature control. Everything below 72 might as well be freezing), and underneath that, her pants had exploded with poop all the way to her shoulders. SHOULDERS! She hasn't had a poop like this since she was 2 weeks old! Apparently as I had carried her, my arm had been under her jacket, so the poop is now all over the arm of MY jacket! And as I'm chaning her, I had done the public bathroom thing and laid the clean diaper underneath the dirty diaper to avoid her adorable bottom from having to rest on the surface where 100 other unknown baby bottoms had been. This meant I ruined the next diaper before I even put it on her.
I have my outfit for the event:
Ah, so it was this girl who put Ms. Briggs head into the body of a large animal… And that means that this girl is going to spend the Saturday with Carly recording the auditions… bummer.
My lips quivered and my vision blurred. Who is this child?
Destroy “value” had been conducted. Many efforts are right now becoming set up through webmasters for this type of thievery as well as criminal damage prevention.
I liked her from the start. Those legs and those baby-blue panties peeking out. But I didn't like therapy. I didn't like the way it made me feel self-indulgent. Paying someone to listen to my problems made me feel as if I had no problems (which I do).
Will always love you till eternity…
The goods... I of course smoked Davidoff Puro D'Oro in Taormina. They come in 4 sizes (Deliciosos, Magnificos, Notables and Sublimes). I smoked the Magnificos and Notables and probably prefer this latter. While the bland is the same, the corona-type size gave me better smoothness and less acidity. I think it's definitely a cigar worth smoking, clearly less strong than a cuban, so perhaps a great alternative for a midday smoke...
When Deschutes entered the bottled beer market five years later, a curious phenomenon gripped breweries. While the market was exploding with myriad beers of myriad styles, the best sellers were "crossover" beers that sold well with newbies: Widmer Hefeweizen, Saxer Lemon Lager, Portland Brewing's Honey Ale. For the period of time between Black Butte's entry into the bottle market until about 1998, most breweries invested heavily in light, unagressive beers. But not Deschutes. They boldly continued along with their line of uncompromising ales.
You have a picture of the “Ideal You” with values you hold and how you relate to yourself and others. Guilt often arises when there’s a mismatch between your day-to-day choices and the choices the “Ideal You” would have made. The “Ideal You” may be a parent who attends all of the kids’ soccer games. Miss a game to take your dad to the doctor, and you think you’re falling short.
I colored the pinwheels with watercolor markers instead of ink. I used my Corner Chomper on some of the corners for a bit of change.
So now I have 36 hours off to experience other things.
Live on KPFA at 07:00 PM Pacific Time: Mondays
“Superglue for artificial nails looks a lot like artificial tears, and sometimes people grab the wrong bottle. They literally glue their eyelids together, and we have to cut their eyelashes to get them apart. We probably see that ONCE A MONTH. Read the label before you put anything in your eye.” – Robert Noeker, MD Professor of ophthalmology at University of Pittsburgh
"White Line Fever" - 3:10
Denial: I had to check time and time again. Were you really gone or had I just misplaced you somewhere? Surely my eyes were wrong? We were good together, weren’t we? No, you weren’t really gone. This was all some kind of sick joke and the next time I looked you would be there, just like you always were. Everything was literally going to be alright now.
Take a rectangular sheet of foil and roll out one ball of dough. It should be about 1/4" thick,as seen in the photographs above.
Oh yes? And what's he selling? All of it, or is he keeping the house?
Me but to only great me, near Terminal C where the world of wine does approach
….and so on. When I felt the need to start fact-checking the authors research, it spoilt my enjoyment of the book.
Solar system rights? Well, okay, but we’ve looked closely enough to be pretty sure there are no other film-makers in the vicinity. Earth looks like the only planet set to make movies for the foreseeable future. (Though I’d love it to be different – imagine a Martian Tim Burton making ‘Earth Attacks!!!’) But supposing film-makers appear out of the blue on Neptune. They could ship a rocket-load of bootleg DVDs here in a matter of years, and we all know how long film development can take on Earth. So, I can agree to ruling out the solar system.
I'm not sure who produced the Led Zepp concert, but it has been playing in packed planetariums all over the US. Here is just a small clip of what we experienced:
His breaths linger dangerously in his chest,
TOMS HAS BECOME QUITE THE GLOBAL RETAIL PHENOMENON – KIND OF LIKE “THE LITTLE SHOE THAT COULD”. HOW DID IT ALL BEGIN?
1- Mix water and milk together.
I’ve gone on at length about the Shiner Holiday Cheer. It’s a dunkelweizen, which is a style I tend to like. It pours and presents well. It’s packaged in an old school label, which I tend to like. It’s priced competitively, which I really like. I’ll just point you over to what some others have had to say.
Rebecca first stunned our little community on Bonfire Night with a gorgeous, smutty little number. I'm pleased to say she kept coming back, teasing us with offerings of love and death.
So, those are my plans. and you should tell me what you think, or what your plans are.
Not where you've told yourself is appropriate to show skin
O.K, now that they are all back in school I will be able to visit all of the wonderful blogs I follow again. Yeah!!! I can't wait.
Someone, just someone, to tell him he’s had enough
Skin Rules is a short, concise, and practical instruction manual from a renowned Fifth Avenue dermatologist on how to attain beautiful skin, a taut and sculpted body, and a much younger appearance. Actors, models, and newscasters go to Dr. Jaliman for her cutting-edge technology and the latest in skin care, as well as for her reputation for being the “last stop” doctor, the one who fixes what others can’t.
3 wall
Thankfully, the coalition government chose not to entertain his proposal.
1131 **D-III/22/1992. “On Shakespeare’s Macbeth: The Baleful Influences of Tyranny.” St. John’s College Alumni Association, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(3), above, pp. 143-52.)
And the first blogs to be offered a Glitter Award are
2 Moments With Moon 06:36
JYJ’s Kim Junsu has unveiled the teaser poster for his album as well as the album’s name.
I’m really excited to meet him on his Press Launch or Fashion Week Appearance (Rumor has it that Zac Efron will fly to the Philippines in time for Penshoppe’s show for the Philippine Fashion Week Holiday 2012 happening on May 22-27, 2012)
"...be a continually growing and developing Internet discourse on the medium of photography that features a multitude of participants; it is conceived as an online debate on forms of photographic production, techniques, applications, distribution strategies, contexts, theoretical foundations, ontology and perspectives on the medium."The blog will apparently feature various guest contributors (6 per year), and is meant to engage "anyone interested in photography and visual theory." I've subscribed to their blog, so obviously I find it (potentially) interesting. Does this mean I would recommend it to my students? Probably not, due to the off-putting language. No, not f-bombs. Worse. Puffed-up academic speech. Why, pray-tell, say "the ontological status of photography" or "epistemic fields of reference" (from Feb 5 post on "Practice") when you don't have to? Can't you just say "what photography is" and "how/what it means"?
The sound of distant heavy artillery was heard for many hours during the night.
Needless to say, I was tired.. and of course, my guys still think they need to eat even
December: *writes a short*
we've just signed her up for a 20 year commitment.
Week 10: Sunday, Nov. 11, NY Jets, 1:05 PM
Malaysians must not allow the police crackdown on Saturday to scare them from demanding free and fair polls. Does it even make sense to do so? Instead, Malaysians must bounce back even harder and demand that if Najib does not put in electoral reforms before GE-13 and if he once again allows the police to behave in that barbaric way, they will march to Putrajaya instead of Dataran to throw him and his Cabinet out.
Toys are within the next box I open. Representations of my childhood lost, of innocence and purity gone. There are stuffed animals and dolls, old and tattered from giving me love. Stuffing flattened from my clinging to them that I might experience hugging. I spend hours washing them, stitching their brokenness. In so doing, some healing comes to the little girl within. For I wash them gently that she may know the gentleness a touch was meant to hold. I stitch them up that she may experience a healing touch, I stuff them anew, with fresh filling even as she is filled with the fullness of God’s Spirit, washed in His sacrifice, my heart stitched back together in love.
16. Que bandeira (instrumental mix)
USA National Child Abuse Hotline
had to switch classrooms this year.
Then go to Philippians 3:20-21.
As promise wakens in the sleeping land:
What is most interesting about this report are the asterisks. If you scroll down to the bottom of the report, you’ll find the corresponding asterisk under the explanatory notes section. These asterisks indicate that the 90% confidence interval includes zero, and that the Census Bureau does not have sufficient statistical evidence to conclude that the actual change is different from zero. Given these methodological considerations, unfortunately, we cannot determine whether or not there was an increase or decrease in housing starts from February to March 2012.
The numbers are still murky, given that the cut in bulk does not seem commensurate with the cut in height.
· Demonstrated strong and effective verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.
Potlucks and events where I have to bring a passing dish are a nightmare. I hate it. I never know what to bring. Growing up, I've always been the youngest and never had to really do any cooking or even bring a passing dish as an adult because I was the baby and I accepted my role graciously. Now that I'm older and have come into a great group of friends, I'm a it embarrassed of my lack of cooking knowledge and experience.
So many times I am asked, “Why is that I received Christ as Saviour but my brother, friend, neighbour all remain unsaved. The Holy Spirit was working in all of your lives but you were willing to claim your need allowing the spiritual blindness to be removed.
God’s “mystery” for His gathered assembly is this: That through the gathered assembly the complicated, many-sided wisdom of God in all its infinite variety and innumerable aspects might now be made known to the angelic rulers and authorities in the heavenly places, in accordance with the terms of the eternal (timeless) purpose which He realized and carried into effect in the person of Christ Jesus our Lord.” Paul of Tarsus, Ephesians 3:9-11
How many times will I count you less?
The news media know that discussing the immigration statistics is good for business. When criminals are able to claim asylum status due to a fear of being punished back home, it should come as no surprise when they resume their criminal activities in the new country of residence. In many cases, the asylum seekers share the same proclivities as the Establishment. Rarely does the media reflect on why it is so easy for deviants to come to the UK, or how their presence impacts upon the lives of children.
*EBE: Extraterrestrial Biological Entity
Of course you, someone who has “writen about the Civil Rights Movement,” would say that that’s preposterous. and it would make sense to you. Why? Because you identify with black males. And you understand things through that prism.
I haven't forgotten about the other part of my Copic white tutorial. My Hubby and I have both been under the weather--him more than me. It's made my schedule a little off kilter this week. But I'm almost finished with the image and should have it done and ready to post in a couple of days.
Yet, still I find myself missing the old gig.
To be more specific, percentages of indigenous detainees held for tribute:
When we talk of my impending move, his eyes are a bit wistful, but we both know he would never want to leave this place. His roots are sunk deep into the soil of this Nebraska town. He knows the birds, the animals, the trees and grasses. His life is intertwined with the lives of the townspeople. His heart is here.
(on the sidebar).
It is equally probable that, once more, Najib’s choice of PR guru may cause problems among his own BN supporters. Another reason, it has been speculated, why the Campbell visit has been so shrouded in secrecy!
“Illegal immigration, human trafficking, drug trafficking, piracy and transnational environmental crime have devastating consequences on the security as well as social and economic well-being of a sovereign nation.”
Old Ben Ale
So Bonnie and Clyde has once again graciously taken a back seat to allow me to create 2 shorts in the best part of 3 weeks. It was only spose to be one film, but I got too big for me boots lol! and it was an opportunity to work with Carrie Bridges.
“They used to bet in the morning how many people they could kill – old people, civilians, it didn’t matter,” the investigator said. “Some of the stuff would curl your hair.”
It was fun to make. I once again, I did free form feathers in the boarders. No marking, just let the machine guide me. Both boarders were cut freehand, no rulers.
Katherine's suggestions about how to handle collections include these points:
every single vein in me from yours they have come
One of the best lines ever.
*OK, if they score here and get the onside kick and score again and get the onside kick …
This is a few types of tuna that was mashed up with scallions and served sashimi style (without rice). The sauces are made there by the head sushi chef.
I’ve developed a routine for how I do it now. There are websites I’ve bookmarked just for the express purpose of the search. Search engines, resume engineering, cover letter writing, phone calls, and the use of family connections have all been a part of my arsenal for the claiming of mount JOBMORE in the name of my Spanish relatives. I hoof it from time to time, walking the streets. I do it to get away, but I can’t help but think of the new structures that are being built around this place, wondering if I can land at job with any of the companies that hire workers for high rise residences. It’s crap work, but I’ve got bills to pay.
We're sure that you remember the story of 'Lola,' the puppy who was thrown over a third-story balcony a few weeks ago. Well, great news: she has recovered and has found a new forever home! Our roving reporters 'Teenie' and 'Bowser' write:
Fall down on their knees.
Via Gawker we get this little bit of giggle:
Switching gears for a minute....
WINE EDUCATION: A BS in Environmental Chemistry and getting my hands dirty in my family’s vineyard
Abraham had faith, mature faith and did not question this request. We read about this in Hebrews 11:17,19.
And even though I have my favorites, I find that I love some many -I love the varieties in their color, their texture, and their height.
Alexander Fleming accidentally discovered what would become penicillin on September 28, 1928. What vice of his led to the discovery?
— Scott Rigsby
I was in bed this morning thinking it’s been a week since I wrote anything and I should probably get to it. I fired up my laptop and started drafting this stalker story I’ve had in my head since the weekend. Somewhere in the middle of “I’m not really here” and “My skin blends into the walls,” I got a little lost. I couldn’t remember what I wanted to say or where I wanted to take my stalker. I completely forgot my story.
But wait… there's more: Post your OWN journal cover by Friday, May 4 at the eP blog, and you might be one of two guest artists chosen to join us for next month's challenge. We're so excited to see what you create!
- I went to a party for my friend's birthday party where the theme was characters that start with "Z". I went as Zack Morris with a huge cell phone that I made. Needless to say, most of the Frenchies did not get it. At least a few of them had heard of the show! In any case, it was nice to catch up with some friends that I hadn't seen since July.
Compact Foundation (Rich Mink)
The red graph is the compilation of voluntary parent comments from parents who subscribe to the beliefs of the website called VACCINEINJURY.info. This informal online survey, created by a rabid antivax site and populated by feedback from rabid antivax responders, is not only unscientific, it is antiscientific. And (Do I really need to say it?) worthless, fact-free, anecdotal crap.
It was never between you and them anyway."
This afternoon, I watched as my grandmother's best friend was buried. Tears were shed and it wasn't easy.
I decided to try something different (for me) for the quilting on this one. I quilted the light spirals in a feather type motif, and the dark ones with a pointy flower just in the centre, with no quilting out in the 'arms'. It's not perfect by any means, but overall it looks really effective I think.
And another one without the final reading.
“Most leaders in organizations have been trained to look at performance metrics. Organizational systems have been designed and refined to present up-to-the-moment data about performance metrics. Those metrics typically include:
I can only dream.
Among its succinct and inspiring words are these:
For some reason (though likely due to the echo chamber I exist in), I have been fascinated by the idea of school food for the last year. It started with reading a blog, Fed Up with Lunch , by a speech pathologist who ate cafeteria food in the Chicago school district for a full year. She posted nearly every school day and took pictures, the most disgusting thing I’d seen in a long time. First, every “food” had a zillion ingredients. Second, everything came excessively packaged, before it was microwaved in that same cellophane. Third, it looked gross. I will refrain from taking on the moral dilemma of feeding children who are hungry crap food. You can read Janet Poppendieck’s Free for All and decide for yourself. I can’t make that Hobson’s choice.
Step 2: Once the wallpaper is entirely wet, fold over the glue sides on each other (as shown above) and let it sit for 5-8 minutes. This will activate the glue.
“Moving fluids generate vibrations, just like blowing air through a clarinet,” Fox says. “If you have moving ocean water and the right conditions coming around a seamount or something, that could generate sound.”
We coiled at ease ‘neath the dripping trees
So so glad that that wait is over.
1. Help us spread the word about our Challenge Blog! Share our posts on Facebook, tell your friends and crafty groups to join in the fun. The more you spread the word, the more we can grow!
Messi has thanked Guardiola ”for how much he has done for my personal and professional career,” and it was with this that Messi did not attend the press conference revealing that he prefered “not to show” his emotion.
well, now the box is done and loaded with toys. it is a bit bigger than i had imagined and hubby didn't want to put a cover on it cuz he though she might get hurt on it. i plan on looking at it for awhile and then deciding if it will be re-purposed into a fire wood bin :)
The beginning montage introducing the cast and narration feels a little bit rehearsed, but it does hold your attention as the viewer. The first bedroom scene with Patricia and the guy as well as the bedroom scene between Scolly Cheruto and Godfrey Odhiambo lacks the believability that you would expect. I mean for a show described as the Kenyan version of Sex and The City we expect a little bit of spice. The problem with being a singer and crossing over to acting is that you are judged more harshly and Wendy Kimani will have to go through this before she can be accepted as an actress. The scene that stands out is the scene with Marriane Nungo and Patricia, it has a naturalness about it with Marriane delivering a stellar performance.
Babies are also routinely given antibiotic eye drops or ointment after birth. This is a public health measure to prevent babies from getting serious eye infections from gonorrhea/chlamydia bacteria. Pregnant women are tested for these diseases during pregnancy, but the measure is still taken as “anything could happen” between the time of the test and the birth. The suggestion that either the pregnant woman or her partner have been dabbling in unprotected sex can be offensive and upsetting. But the hospital is much more interested in protecting babies than feelings. Antibiotic ointment is often required by state law, so avoiding it all together is very difficult. In fact, Child Protective Services may be called if you refuse.
We do leave an imprint on all of those we touch. For some the imprints are positive and full of love. And for others, it’s negative and drags them down. Just like the lower branches of the trees.
I loved it! (You may remember my hatred with the power of 1000 suns for Narian? Yeah, I didn't miss him very much). I am 100% Team Steldor and my appreciation for him only grew after Allegiance with everything he went through. He showed real maturity, putting his duty ahead of his personal wants and emotions. And oh my lord does that man have patience. I can't even count how many times I wanted to reach into the book and hug him and offer to be his queen instead of Alera.
Equivalent to more than 26 quarter-pounders, the monolithic meat feast contains three kilos of beef (6.5lb), dwarfing its competitors in the race to be named Britain's biggest - and most calorific - burger.
With the sun starting to wane, we again crossed through the orchards, a good tailwind at our backs as the temps fell back toward 60. As Crista exclaimed on the homeward journey, What a good day to be alive! The pics are here.
A love apparition quite out of sight
I think you should, specifically for the vendors working the entire wedding -- which can last 6 hours or more. Talk to your caterer about having meals prepared for the musicans/DJ, wedding planner and her staff, the photographer and videographer and their assistants. These are the vendors who will be working your entire wedding day and they will need food and drinks (non-alcoholic ones of course) in order to stay awake and energized.
In the early 1900s, most states licensed naturopaths as physicians. There were 20 medical schools of naturopathic medicine. From early on, naturopathic physicians were considered “eclectic,” since they drew on a variety of natural therapies and traditions for treating their patients.
If you’re part of a team, try to cooperate with your teammates a little. Rambo-style gameplay rarely pays off in a team-oriented game, so don’t expect your teammates to be right behind you when you go kamikaze into a gauntlet of enemies. Also keep in mind that actually winning the match is more important than being at the top of the scoreboard.
I’ll do anything if I believe in it. But, I have to believe in it.
I should imagine knowing the gravity of the whole case that anyone directly linked to the financing of international terrorism which resulted in the worst act of political terrorism in Europe of the 21st Century has got to be looking at least 10 years in prison for their complicity to the very grave crimes.
1 cup half and half (or milk or heavy cream)
My last year’s resolutions were to be more creative, didn’t really pan out that way lol but here’s to another new year, time to put old habits to rest and take up new better ones. This year I’m not going to put any expectations on myself that I will do this or that, only that I will try to do better, better at life, better at love and better at being, better at everything. Very general but I think it’s doable.
One of my favorite bloggers, Random Acts of Writing [+ art], was kind enough to include me on something called the Seven Link Challenge. I’m honored to say the least that she felt I had a body of work worthy of such an endeavor. The idea is to reflect on previous blog posts and share our favorite moments.
Size: 65 sqm
Speed through several days and I find out that I have made it through their first round of cuts. Who did the snoopy dance? Oh yeah, this girl! I never dreamed I would make it that far. Well, ok I have dreamed, it but I never thought it could be possible!
Into our back yard,
So I strongly suggest you give one of these a try. You won't be sorry.....This concludes this public service announcement....now what needs to be fried up today......
Even if it could be shown that Mr Coulson had listened to such recordings, his answer is not specific enough to found a case.
To let them know directly without
To the humans, power is a drug. I don’t think I need to explain exactly how you are all addicted. But you are so addicted that you have forgotten how to survive on the most basic of levels. Because the Earth is a garden you know, and gardens need tending, or at least basic understanding of what is food and what isn’t. And that’s important because when you become unplugged — and you will the time is coming for that, and soon — knowing about that tending will become far more important than any light bulb or plug in options.
Why are we going to be changed? We need to be changed in order to be habitable for heaven. These bodies we now have will have to be changed. Those going into the Kingdom on earth do not need changing. Those who will inhabit the Heavens need to be changed.
Now I think I’ll do some crotchetting. Relax my mind and at the same time think about how to continue my story. I think better when my hands have something to do.
The second opinion is Elektra Entertainment Group, Inc. v. Denise (sic) Barker, Case No. 05-CV-7340 (S.D.N.Y. March 31), an opinion by Judge Kenneth Karas. The opinion was issued on a Rule 12(b)(6) motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim; the issue therefore was whether the claim satisfied the Rule 8 pleading requirements. The court first held that the complaint adequately alleged defendant had used a P2P network, and that plaintiff had alleged, “Defendant did distribute (and/or made available) Plaintiff’s protected works. This is sufficient under Rule 8.” Nor did Defendant seem to contest that point; rather she argued that she was not liable “merely by making the copyrighted recordings available. In particular, Defendant argues that Plaintiffs cannot establish a violation of their distribution rights without alleging an actual transfer of Plaintiff’s works by Defendant.”
Or, if she was bat-wild crazy, I'd laugh at how insane she could be. The musical Evita is a case in point. Eva Peron, as depicted in that production, was outright BONKERS. But she was also a force of nature and mesmerising to watch. (Side note, the only role Madonna has played where I believed her for even a moment). I grew up listening to a scratched vinyl record of the UK stage production. What a powerhouse personality!
We were sort of focusing on this Make it For Singles thing. But as we continue to re-shape the PlayDough, we have decided, WTH, why not just open it up to all? So that's this month's experiment. ALL of Y'ALL are welcome and you better show up OR ELSE. We'll meet tomorrow at The Snug, which is actually located INSIDE OF Tom's Tabooley on the Drag. Cover is $5. We start at 8 and end at 10. Here's what you do:
“Hmm,” Obadiah said out loud even though the deer were not paying any attention. He thought back through that first day; remembering how he ordered the omelette and how he’d watched Mr Shamus O’Neewl and Revd Bilkin and marvelled that nobody minded that everything in town belonged to Mr Marshall Marshall.
In the earlier days of MoP developers leaking information to the community and hiding behind riot shields, there was discussion of Prayer of Healing being a Holy priest spell and Holy Nova being a disc priest spell.
No; retreat is impossible.
REGISTRATION: Please note there are TWO ways to register – Please choose ONE
Krystine C. Bordenabe, 33, Old Bridge, N.J.
The comments from all those visitors was very interesting. There were very many unique perspectives and experiences in relation to the theme of my blog. I only had to delete one spam comment with all of the additional traffic so it was not a hassle at all. I appreciate every single bit of participation in the comments section of my posts - THANKS!
I'm still reading....
what a day
Please stay tuned for my personal theory and discernment of the true cause of The Holocaust…
Yep. After that day I realised that was the first time in a while that I had taken my camera out and about...I've forgotten how fun it was. That, and the unexpected glory of breakfast dates- I highly encourage them! Aside from watching The Avengers (jizz) with R- who insisted on buying the giant Thor cup and popcorn combo- that was my weekend.
There always seems to be an echo around when she makes a sound. But Pat just wanted Flappy to leave and shut her yap. Yet she continued to flap.
And the final two lines are near perfect. The penultimate line takes on two different charged meaning depending on how you read it. You almost (and I do) want to insert what could be seen as an implicit “for” between the beginning and ending fragments so that it “And cant be covered for a day”—claiming that nature, sexuality can’t be repressed. This reading accentuates the final line as more of an unreserved declaration, a claim devoid of longing.
1 to 2 tablespoons ginger syrup
Cheese Croquettes With Baked Goat &
This is the sixth book I've reviewed for the British Book Challenge, which means that I'm halfway through the challenge, although I've already read Firebrand, The Blackhope Enigma, Puddle Goblins and literally just finished The book of dead days for this challenge. Not for the challenge I read Skullduggery Pleasant, so there are some reviews to come yet!
in each other
Years ago, a dear pastor's wife, Laurie Swansen, shared with me the concept of "I get to...." I get to empty the dishwasher. I get to change a diaper or pay a bill. In other words, focusing on the privilege and not the burden of our tasks. As a single, working woman at the time, it took years to truly grasp the lesson that I get to fold my husband's socks and attend my son's IEP meetings. I get to encourage pre- and post-adoptive parents through my book. And most recently, I get to meet and promote local business owners through Chester County's Best Kept Secrets Tour.
Or tidy.
happening. The main thing I'm aware of is that the concept
“Responding to skill shortages that are specific to those companies. And as partners we can design programs, we can design training,” said Dr. H. Jeffrey Rafn, President of N.W.T.C.
Fred and I drove to Tacoma, WA today for a canoe meeting. Well, Fred had a canoe meeting, I just went along for the ride.
So, give me addiction and PTSD and a messy looking life any day! I am healing, and I moving forward, and I am better, and lest I sound a tad narcissistic, I am beautiful. I am not an addictive personality. I am a glorious, genuine, human being with integrity, kindness, compassion. I live a wonderful life.
“Preposterous,” Nathaniel agreed.
That’s never going to happen. France lacks both the financial health and political muscle to replace Germany as the arbiter of this crisis. Nevertheless, France’s dissension under Hollande could throw Europe into financial and political turmoil. Der Spiegel reported recently that “for France’s neighbors and the fight against the sovereign debt crisis in Europe,” Hollande’s election “will set everything back to square one.”
These are the specific instructions that came with my wallpaper. My tutorial above gives a general idea of how to install wallpaper, but it is important to follow the exact directions for your wallpaper of choice.
They didn’t dissapoint! Approaching the Perhentian Kecil (or small island) by speedboat from the mainland (after no sleep on a ahem ‘sleeper bus’ which dumped us in the dark at the jetty about 2 hours early), it looked like a haven for knackered travellers. A stretch of gorgeous beach and jungles in the background, plus the clearest ocean we have seen on the trip.
“And exactly what do you think you can do, that won’t be a complete waste of time and make sure that everyone knows you’re a trouble maker?” Bennett asked, wanting to get this over with.
While Boko Haram is largely based in northern Nigeria, we believe that a push south through Jos, could threaten your capital of Abuja, thereby destabilizing your country and potentially the region as a whole.
In writing 3 Ways Women Unconsciously Sabotage Their Weight…. Allen Arthur Butler has sought to provide for you the most successful Healthy Weight Loss tips possible. Please try to understand that most efforts to lose weight that do not include both Diet and Exercise… may not give you the long term results that you are looking for. That being said… If you’re looking for an Honest and Ethical program for losing weight… go to the resource box below, and click on the web link for some of the best home-based systems and products available.
Serve with powdered sugar and/or sliced almonds.
Stan
A small stone is a short piece of observational writing – simply pay attention to something properly and then write it down. Find out more about small stones here.
Equally, however, there were many other aspects of the game which disappointed me. When the credits rolled eight hours later I was left feeling oddly dissatisfied with the whole experience, and it wasn’t just because I half-knew how it ended.
“Alright, spit it out. What’s it gonna be this time? A new job? A new lover? A new place?” He leans forward, resting one elbow on his knee, a hint of some vicious, eager sentiment hovering on his features. I can never place that little expression, but I hate it. It reminds me that chances are, I’m the one who’s going to lose out again.
Tonight, I prepared one of Al's favorites - Shrimp Puttanesca over Linguine - a spicy dish with anchovies, garlic, Greek olives, red pepper flakes, capers and tomatoes. Served this with green salads, hot rolls,glasses of wine. Bon Appetit! I must say that we both enjoyed dinner.
3) type in your name and your email address and click the blue frog button NEXT STEP.
As I decided to homeschool when my daughter was about six months old, I guess you could say I've been homeschooling her all her life - ten years. We started lessons formally when she was three, but have drifted in and out of unschooling ever since.
Dragging its slimy belly on the bank
the look of ease and sex
Triceps pushup 15 reps
Today sees the release of Amy and here she is.
What meal you gonna catch with tricks, lines, and bullshit for bait??….…
Like Paul there were others appointed for this special task. To confirm an apostle God himself confirmed them:
I saw her several times in the ensuing years. She seemed to have mellowed, to have dropped some of the anger she cloaked herself in, but was still caught in poverty and abuse according to what she confided to me one time when she visited me after school.
Made me think of the scene from the Lord of Rings when Frodo, Sam and Gollum is climbing up the mountain stairs to Mordor and the Nine Ringlords leave the ancient castle (which had this kind of colour).
Yesterday, I witnessed an incredible presentation from a young man who was born without arms or legs. And he was so happy. He had discovered his purpose.
It was the first time that I had been made fully aware of the quality of "wistfulness" in music, or anywhere else for that matter. If you ever hear his version of "The Autumn Leaves" you will know just what I mean.
And sparkle out among the fern,
Now then let me get on to showin g off this darling outfit! It fits great, poses well and is just striking for Spring! Casual chic at its finest! Its ColdLogic!
other ear this time of the season because of her allergy.
So, I got a gentle reminder today that I should update my blog. In that moment I realized just how long its been since I've been here and updated. Since February. FEBRUARY!! So I went back and reread that post. And it was almost comical to look back on that time and think of how much has happened in that time. How many moments that life seemed to spin almost totally out of control and I thought I was going to lose it. How many happy, memorable moments happened with my kids. How many hugs were shared, how many tears were shed, and how many things I could have and should have written down so I didn't for them them. All those little moments. Wow. Its overwhelming to think about all that's gone on between now and then. I think that the easiest way to catch up today will be with some pictures. Pictures of the kids, pictures of us, pictures of life.
These are not choose up collections. These are some efforts created by individuals, all over the community, at encapsulating really like and elegance in terms. You don't need to be fancy and gung-ho to draw a lady. Ladies like it when folks are uncomplicated, honest and immediate about their thoughts, but communicate themselves in a easy and stylish style. Your girlfriend knows how you experience about her, when she looks into your sight, but actually saying it does issue to her. Here are some excellent quotations for the woman of your dreams, which will completely communicate what she method for you.
Em , Corey and Paige are cruising along with schoolwork, we found what works for them, and are having a wonderful time learning tons of new things. Emily starts Young Womens at the end of the month. I can't believe it! Where has the time gone! Corey is busy with Scouts and LOVES it. His leader is amazing.
People in the audience appreciated my answer and Scottoline threw a bag of Herr's potato chips at me and then moved on (The bag of chips, as I later learned, comes from a lesson Lisa' mom told her about always bringing food to a gathering. Lisa always brings PA based food to her signings to support PA). Her entire talk was funny and engaging. She even took the time to point out and recognize a fan that just earned their U.S. citizenship and another fan whose daughter was in the military. Scottoline also explained that her book has nothing to do with car seats but it does involve a what would you do type of dilema.
5. My Old Kentucky Home (Turpentine & Dandelion Wine)
The same message is implicit in all supernatural horror, for in that kind of horror evil is a tangible force rather than simply an absence of good. And if evil is a genuine form of energy, good must also be a form of energy. If the Devil exists, God also exists. And God always rewards loyalty. Thus, although horrific on the surface, films such as The Exorcist or The Omen hammer home a reassuring message. The Devil exists and he's going to kill me in a horrible way because I refuse to submit to him? Great! I'm off for my first harp lesson beyond the Pearly Gates!
State: A few SoCo shots into the day
Mehana declared that it was "mischievous and misleading" to suggest that the ANC favoured any one particular faith over others. He insisted that the centenary celebrations did not involve the worshipping of ancestors, but the venerating of the spirits of those who were part of its history. The distinction between ancestor worship and "venerating the spirits" would seem to be a fine line.
Blanchland as we see it was formed out of the medieval abbey by Lord Crewe the Bishop of Durham. The Lord Crewe Arms has a vast fireplace where 'General' Tom Forster hid during the 1715 Jacobite rising. The hotel is reputedly haunted by the ghost of his sister, Dorothy.
Good morning, sweets! And happy first day of May! I can't believe it's actually May 1st. It seems like the spring is just flying by.
Why would a judge grant her permission to attend a church? Isn’t that what filled her addled brain with the idea of killing her children in the first place?
and hope adoration is what they behold
Featuring the voice talents of Hal Smith and Jean Van Der Pyl (who was the voice of Wilma Flinstone) and written and directed by Tony Benedict, this production from Modern Sound Film tells the story of a park ranger who shares the story of Christmas with two bear cubs who are determined to stay awake so they can see Santa Claus.
So there are several key differences with Obama. To start, Reagan was talking about simplifying the tax code, whereas Obama’s Buffett Rule would add another layer of complexity. Reagan was arguing for allowing people to keep more of their own money and reduce the burden of government. By contrast, Obama is arguing for instituting the Buffett Rule so that more money is available to pay for government programs.
Manila – Baguio – Sagada
Catherine is a horologist who works at the Swinburne Museum in London as a conservator. Both her father and grandfather were clockmakers so she has always seen it as a soothing occupation - 'For years I thought clockmaking must still any turmoil in one's breast. I was so confident of my opinion, so completely wrong.' Coming in to work one day she discovers that her colleague and lover for the last thirteen years has died. She is sent reeling into grief, a grief that must remain as secret as their affair, but perhaps luckily for her they were never quite as discreet as they imagined and her boss is well aware of what happened between them. He gives Catherine a special project, the restoration of an automaton modelled on 18th-century inventor Jacques de Vaucanson’s mechanical duck. That device supposedly ate, digested and then excreted grain in front of a live audience but, with the droppings prepared in advance, hoodwinked its audience slightly. Catherine's project is slightly different and amongst the boxes of machinery she discovers several notebooks, each 'densely inscribed in a distinctive style. Every line began and ended at the very brink, and in between was handwriting as regular as a factory's sawtooth roof. There was not a whisker's width of margin.' These are the journals of Henry Brandling, son of a railway entrepreneur who leaves his loveless marriage and travels to Europe in order to effect the construction of a replica of de Vaucanson’s duck, to aid the recovery of his consumptive son. Along the way he falls in with characters who may intend to help or hinder him, he is never really in control of the project he finances and as Catherine obsessively reads his account she wonders what exactly he hopes to achieve with it anyway.
Can we blame Thomas Jefferson for Eight-Track tapes?
Bob Johnson (vocals, electric guitar, acoustic guitar, synthesizer)
I bring this to you as a public service, and as a forum for people to discuss Ehrman’s latest reply. As for me, right now I’d rather look at baby hawks.
I don't have an answer for this because I don't believe in looking backwards too often. I have been blessed beyond anything that I have ever dared to dream. Family, friends, and opportunities to touch and change the world are all things that I consider to be some of God's greatest gifts to me. Hopefully the things that I have accomplished are all a part of His plan for me. And I get the excitement of getting up each day and knowing that I have an endless sea of opportunities to chase.
Clipper City
Do you ever do that?
Blogger Gramjak said...
in those spaces of the mind
Go to Sedona, Arizona ( a spiritual center, vortexes)
and you’re bedazzled with the magic of his twinkling eyes,
The last time I had this from keg it was dreadful. Yesterday it was much, much better, a stunning beer packed with spicy hops. I think it rather benefited from having some of the CO2 knocked out of it, but Amy and Krista also said they’re very careful about the carbonation levels in the keg. The pitcher full of beer has a good few centimetres of dense creamy foam on top, and looks deeper in colour than usual due to the greater volume. It was also an educational experience to taste it side by side with the maltier, more biscuity WEST St Mungo lager.
WHO: all ages and fitness level.
Because there is no price too high to pay for love.
Whether it is in a foreign country being physically imprisoned , tortured or murdered by an enemy that can be seen……or here at home… imprisoned in a body and suffering from a horrible disease, or a life that has been taken before their time by an enemy that we can not see…..
Well goodness! Who wouldn’t want to enter into this drawing as well? Click the image below to be taken to Linda’s site to enter!
Pumpkin Spice Latte, while I still can!!
6 Out of 10 Stars
Busiest week of my life.
this is brown sheep lamb's pride bulky weight in the color eggplant. i think. i've misplaced the band somehow. inspired by watching one of my favorite movies last week, and trying my hand at needle felting again, i added a small red fox, into the bowls bottom. he seems to be content, curled up and asleep, snuggled in his soft nest.
■Farmer #2
But because she's proud to be an American, she wanted to wave the red, white, and blue (this photo from the Wounded Warrior Picnic 07/02/11), and wish you all a happy Independence Day for the 235th time. It just never gets old, does it?
“Until the current diagnostic criteria for CFS is either scrapped or used only to define those with idiopathic chronic fatigue and a specific, strict criteria for those with genuine ME be applied, such as the Canadian Criteria, then the diagnosis and subsequent research will be skewed. The Canadian Criteria was not intended for diagnosis but it fits the serious nature of the disease and excludes more patients that don't have autonomic, central nervous system and immune system involvement. Until the diagnostic criteria issue is dealt with, there will always be problems with the current system and high patient complaints. The Canadian Criteria should be rolled out for diagnosis and research in the UK. The differences between those with neuro-immune disease, ME and CFS will then become clear.” Christine White, Lancaster;
"In my hand, with one out that I can use as a weapon if I need to." They nod together, as if this is the only answer.
the 1920′s was to help “make sense” of the many different
At the time, I wondered if any of the SS death camp guards and their Ukrainian volunteers did not deserve execution. I wondered if the small risk of confused identity in this case mattered much.
Lastly, I had a terrifying nightmare last night. I haven't had a nightmare in years and I don't remember all of what happened in this one but I remember a little. Still, I don't want to talk about it and would rather forget about what happened in the nightmare and what caused it.
mum: no he was safe
Save Texas Schools Rally in Austin, Texas and the Education Rally in Fort Worth, Texas
I’ve been to all five Fat Tuesdays on the Vegas strip. I also went to the original one on Bourbon street in New Orleans where I met a lusty lover boy. (New Orleans has 20 stores overall). Other locations include: Philly, Miami, Puerto Rico.
Dear Guy With the Monster Truck,
"Number sixty-one?" he asks with an incredulous stare. "That's your captain. Rick Nash."
Ownership of a firearm without a license is punishable by up to 15 years in prison.
Jean-Luc Bilodeau ... Jay Kepler
1. State stores offered food for a few kopecks, which to us Westerners was play money, nothing at all. But for Russians on official Russian salaries, these stores were the only affordable (and legal) option, as I understood it. As the fall pressed on, lines grew, in direct proportion to the eternal surliness of shopkeepers, and the shelves emptied. By winter, the stores had become purely theoretical—vacant museums to a failed economic theory.
Here's the rest of my card "recipe" . . .
03. The Taurus/Gemini is a pair of bullheaded twins.
So I was able to finally see CABIN IN THE WOODS, Drew Goddard’s directorial debut (from a script by Goddard and Joss Whedon) and the film manages to keep itself compelling on the share audacity of its script. This will be a relatively spoiler free review, for those wondering.
Party pooper.
For the last few months, I’ve been asking members of The Druid Network to send stories of any community projects they may be involved in. I’ve had very few replies.
Hollywood is an extremely patriarchal system, and most movies starring women are not nearly as successful as those starring men.
Pipsqueak shook his head. “No,” his voice hit the notes of his namesake.
So, say audios my relatives from another state. I’ll probably have to delete all of you gun-waving welfare-hating warmongering bigots now, just to be fair (and to avoid getting called even worse names if I ever work up the nerve to be honest on my facebook again).
At the end Louise ask the audience: How do you want to live? How do you want your work to be? How do you want your home to be? You shape all these! she concluded.
I jump.
I can feel my clothes fitting better, so I knew, although the number wasn't changing, that my body WAS changing. I love this journey! There are so many different ways to see that all those hours in the gym ARE paying off! :-)
You have heard of partying like a rock star, well how about publishing like one? One evening I was hunched over my laptop click clacking away at my latest manuscript when the phrase, “JWoww’s book” yanked my attention away. I scrambled for the remote control and fumbled yet managed to click the volume up in time to hear most of the segment on MTV reality star turned author, Jennie “JWoww” Farley. My mouth fell open from utter disbelief and, yes I must admit, envy. While I, Tanya Yvonne have spent the last few years conceptualizing, writing, reading and revising Ms. JWoww and other reality stars like her have been putting themselves out there, breaking rules and scoring book deals because of it. Moreover, by adopting a publish like a rock star type of attitude we aspiring authors can too.
Several commenters raised questions specifically about this blog, The Free Motion Quilting Project, and how I would feel if someone took all 365 designs from this blog and published them in a book.
The Shadow by Shelley Munro (PA)
Or “top (pick a number) lists” that many subscribe to.
The guys over at “Indiewire – The Playlist” asked a pretty interesting question: After ‘The Hunger Games’ & ‘The Dark Knight Rises,’ Does Less Mean More When It Comes To Movie Marketing? and it got me thinking.
I got a random very plain email this morning from purebloggers.com telling me someone recommended my blog to their site & if I wanted more readers I should join.
Want to get into the Thanksgiving spirit before next Thursday? Allaire Village has the perfect solution.
We sometimes get so involved in our “have to” and “can’t do” on our days filled with tight schedules, and demands that we forget that what we really have in our pocket is “today.”
Right, so onto today's card, which is for our new challenge at A Gem of a Challenge - it was my turn to choose the theme, and I decided to go with one of my current favourite colour combinations, 'pink, blue & green'. Luckily my card was made earlier in the week or I don't think I'd have managed it!
1 1/2 Tbsp Rubbed Sage
Almost anything will compel me to write. I can read an article at the doctor’s office and spend the rest of my time there worrying that I will lose my train of thought before I get back home to write the idea out of my head.
I tweaked the recipe a little to my liking by using lemon extract instead of vanilla. (I bet almond extract would be tasty also) I like to dust mine with confectioners' sugar. Other than that, I followed this recipe to the tee. Trust me when I tell you, it is deeeeeelicious!!
If you would like to make my beef tips…
Ordinarily, I'm very happy to greet the first day of spring and to say farewell to winter, especially March, my absolute least favorite month of the year. And quite frequently, in that irony Nature loves so much, it snows on the first day of spring, as a nasty reminder that nasty March is going to last another nasty week and a half.
Adrenalize – Mystical Universe (preview)
The influential Republican, who gave a wide-ranging interview on the occasion of his cable news channel’s 15th birthday, denied that Fox, which he founded, exhibited political bias.
MFR: “Manufacturer.”
I was fortunate enough that I was blessed with the opportunity to spend a week in Puerto Rico with six wonderful people. We had the opportunity to go down to Ponce, Puerto Rico to serve the church where TEAMeffort has their summer camp at. But to tell you what I learned from this trip I have to rewind back 6 months to my summer in New Orleans.
4) Bring to boil stirring occasionally.
De Vice Cyah Done
I feel his chest, his arms, his face to make sure again he’s whole, he’s not hurt. Only his soul I cannot see.
I woke up that next morning – hopeful I missed a text or a call in the middle of the night. And when I didn’t, when I realized he didn’t even have the decency to text back a simple “thanks”, I realized I never would hear from him again.
4. I wanted to blog yesterday, but I was honestly feeling so crappy I could barely move, so I spent most of the day in my jammies and warm fuzzy robe drinking tea and fantasizing about ways of getting back at my little brother for getting me sick lol.
The Leftist traitors will also omit that after WW2 Labour stole many of Moseley's policies, such as; pensions for the poor and decent council housing for working families.
