Hey there stampers!
First I would like to thank Ed Winkle for forwarding me the 22 signs of economic Doom. I'd link to it but I figure the NSA guys have already seen it. That did not depress me in the least. Now... where is that bottle of vitamin d, not finding that perhaps a little more old number 7 in my coffee will help.
Last night (amid the headache, so I will blame not thinking correctly) I walked to the bike store with my son to get a pair of warmer gloves because my fingertips want to fall off when I ride and I think I may be doing them damage. The store was closed for remodeling…and they wouldn’t let me in. So instead I went to Sunflower Market to get the other son a drink for after Martial Arts…I only had my card and didn’t want to put only three dollars on it so the next thing I knew I was spending 27$ on two drinks and a Vegan cookbook. After Martial Arts we went to the local game store and got card protectors for our D&D board game…I spent too much on things I didn’t need and got talked into coming down for a writer’s workshop by a lovely girl with glasses and curly hair.
I love leggings but ones as thin as I've seen being sported in London need much more coverage than crop tops. If your leggings do not come in at least a good, thick, single ply jersey, then girls, they are technically hosiery. Sheer needs to be sophisticated if it is not to look trashy. If you must indulge wear with a dress or long tunic. Please.
I’m so proud of everything Paul’s achieved. He was written off as a baby as unworthy of even living in mainstream society as he was expected to be incapable of doing anything for himself. Well he may not be able to write a novel, direct a film, perform brain surgery, or even work at the supermarket check out, but do you know what Paul’s really good at? Making people happy!
Shawn Chacon was selected by the Rockies in the 3rd round of the 1996 amateur draft. Chacon was mostly a starter with the Rockies, although he spent one of his seasons as a relatively unsuccessful closer. In his 5 seasons with Colorado, Chacon had a record of 24-45 with a 5.20 ERA and 385 strikeouts to go along with 35 saves. At the 2005 trade deadline, Chacon was traded to the Yankees for pitching prospects Ramon Ramirez and Eduardo Sierra.
Now take each filled dough and press with your palm.
Just one-third of the Davison children remain. I’m just sorry that I have no kids of my own to carry on the family line.
The wood floors are completely free of that nasty glue, and they are sanded and ready to be varnished
“How can a person walk into the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (MACC) office as a witness and come out a dead man?” he asked.
Twenty years ago this week the war in Yugoslavia began its most horrific stage, the destruction, slaughter, and ethnic cleansing in Bosnia Herzegovina. Can you remember where you were at this time in 1992? I was still in primary school. Many of the students I teach now in the university where I work were no more than a year or two old. Irish people were more concerned that they wouldn’t be getting Yugoslavia’s berth in the European Championships, than the fact that the country they would hopefully replace was about to experience the worst atrocities in Europe since the Nazis.
P.S. I did win $3. That was exciting.
I haven't lost any more weight, but even though I've cut out the sugar my daily eating is still pretty high in calories because I've been hungry and eating a lot. So hopefully as the time goes on and my hunger switch goes back to normal, I should cut down on the amount of food too and lose weight.
Lee said the family had bought two paper lazy chairs as offerings for his parents for the first time.
On Valentine's Day Dirk bought me a Kindle Touch. After almost a month of using it, I'm ready to do my review and comparison. Note, I'm comparing the reading capabilities of the iPad, it does a ton of other things, but this comparison is just for reading.
When I first read this, I thought it might be another brilliant piece of spin to keep the ‘Cockgate’ saga spinning even longer but, no, I spoke to Bob Slayer and it was genuine; he was very upset.
Someone must have been watching overhead because we didn’t meet any vehicles on our walk back, Takoda let me hold his collar the whole way back and didn’t give me a hard time, Jackson held my hand and the boys led the way with their fishing gear pointing North. We made it home. In one piece. Whew!
"The Look."
Today's episode in nincompoopery unfolds with our heroine pedaling happily to work along the Canal St. Martin. The sun is shining, but not hot enough to warm the unwelcome smells of the sidewalk. Everything seems to be perfect...
Welcome to Kentucky!!!!
Happy first day of spring!
And he looked like a peddler just opening his pack.
usage statistics, e-newsletter delivery rates and qualified paid and nonpaid circulation. These reports are a prime example of how publishers are evolving their brands and how they present those brands to buyers.
you know the type
While the two political figures have shared their opinions, Augusta remains steadfast in their ways, saying that they will decide who is allowed and who is not.
One of the things that I love about living on the East Coast is the abundance of historic locations and structures. Take, for example, the setting for these pictures. The building was once used as a mill and dates to 1737. It feels awe-inspiring to be in the presence of buildings that have been in existence since a nation's formative years.
While the main focus of his ministry is evangelism, he said there’s so much demonic activity it has to be dealt with in order to reach the lost.
Yes ... we are dirty little piggies
“We explained that as a result of the techniques, Abu Zubaydah was compliant and providing good intelligence. We made crystal clear that authorized techniques, including waterboarding, had by then been used on Zubaydah.” Rodriguez writes that he told Pelosi everything, adding, “We held back nothing.”
Yes, this is how it was done. Lazarus did not die from one of the seven prevalent illnesses of ancient Israel. Not enough. He has to contract them all.Lazarus is cast firmly as an agent in the narrative of Jesus the Messiah. It is not only the miracle of his resurrection that confirms this status but it seems possible that their whole lives together have provided the foundations for the grand construct that is to come, 'If Jesus is the son of god, then all stories both before and after exist in the service of this one incredible story.' One of the boldest aspects of this novel is to allow the life of Lazarus to underpin the miracles he didn't even play a part in. Perhaps the second most spectacular miracle was Jesus' walking on water. The act in itself is miraculous but it is important not to forget that it comes during a storm that threatens the lives of his disciples and we have to understand the very real danger of that water. So Beard creates a scenario that does just that as well as providing the conflict that means it is the sisters of Lazarus who eventually send for his help rather than his once close friend. If Jesus never learned to swim but watched as his friend swam out with his younger brother, deeper and deeper, until the dangerous currents put them both in jeopardy, what would, or could, he do? And for Lazarus there will first be the immediacy of guilt but then much later, with the talk of Jesus' divinity and miraculous intervention, there must also be blame, or disbelief.
He asked me this zinger, "How many times have you been drunk in the past year?"
I linked a great author to this blog. Pier Anthony Jacob (Pen name). I hope he will tell me hello. I arrived at the central airport in Denver in 1978, and fumbled around for my luggage, and retrieved them sans the Janet Nepalitono scrutiny. Folk's, this is before the issues we face now. Lets get back to the story. My hospital bought a Unirad Machine. Yep (Johnson and Johnson). Many of you know what we are talking about. It was like Keith Emerson's Monster Moog. OMG! and here I am tryying to learn how to use it.
Matteo puts everything in his mouth. Dog food, bark mulch, crayons, whatever. I try not to spend too much time worrying about it. Whatever he swallows will probably just come out the other end, no problem. My theory was confirmed when I changed his diaper to see the poop staring back at me - the unlucky googly eye untouched by the digestive process. Ew.
MOST SURPRISINGLY SUCCESSFUL: This little meme surprised me not only because it just seemed to flow so easily that it almost wrote itself, but also because it turned out that other people seemed to like it too: Where I'm From
Many of you in Brooklyn have probably heard of Fleisher's, and some of you may have ordered from our delivery service. That's part of why we chose Park Slope for our first New York City shop — we already have lots of happy customers there. But whether you're already a fan of our meat or have never heard of us, you probably have some questions. We'll try to anticipate some of them here:
Publisher: Harvest House Publishers
Book Week is a wonderful community engagement event that, according to the Children’s Book Council of Australia, is Australia’s longest running children’s festival. Schools, libraries and other groups all around the country hold activities that engage children and their families with books and literacy.
Don’t obese people have enough to feel guilty about?
Out of all the blood that I drew.
yes, and we must be aware constantly that His power is there for those prayers and cries for help....but if we don't care much about the relationship or invest in the 'meeting' time and the Person we are meeting....then, isn't it all quite empty?
Apparently there were approximately 500 of us at the protest. 25 new members joined and they took as much in DVD fees as they normally do in a month. Lots of people read poems, including my friend Linda Newbery who is a new Oxfordshire resident. She read one about libraries written by schoolchildren in a workshop she had run.
The Physicians for Compassionate Care sent out a press release yesterday concerning the 2010 Death with Dignity annual report from Oregon. Link to the press release
I: That’s when you formed Essential Logic?
It’s something that happened to me
“do something to express and not to impress. If you enjoy what you do then it’s no longer a drudgery. When you do something for yourself that you are passionate about, the best will always come out.”
It is definitely about how the waters start, but it is also about what the waters become. I look at the picture my mom took of us yesterday, and on the left is my dad: a place of heartache, pain, sadness and… love. I have never ever considered that my dad didn’t love me. I know he does, I just know that he has been too sick to show it properly. On the right side of the picture are my girls. They represent part of my life now. The full, growing and exciting adventure that happens on the waters much further down the river.
In simple terms, the WEF would appear to be saying “civil society,” or the voters, are very concerned about nuclear energy, and the Japanese government had to address those “concerns” by reducing its use of nuclear power. A government following the wishes of the population is engaging in democracy. Is that a problem?
Charles is both a compelling and frustrating character. He's obviously very technically smart and a brilliant scientist, but he can be very dense about other things, like relationships and interacting with people in general. Lacking any understanding of emotions, he regards the people around him as alien. His world is seen through a very clinical eye that only takes into account logic and reason. His development through the course of the book is what kept me reading as he tries to reconcile love and emotion with his world view.
· Knowledgeable in Unix
And my favourite characters:
The film is written and directed by Habib Faisal of Do Dooni Chaar fame. He has also written films like Band Baaja Baaraat.
The story is simple – a formulaic cautionary tale not unseen before. But the handling and executing is assured, delivering a surprisingly engaging and entertaining movie.
Papa went into Chicago today.
Look at these dazzling things in the houses, and see you the
Millions of people were convinced through false information and manipulative influences to regard the ANC terrorist organization with their previous leader Nelson Mandela, as freedom fighters, although they were responsible for the deaths of many of their own people. Today the ANC forms the government of South-Africa and since they came into office, South Africa was under siege and is rapidly sinking into a swamp of corruption, lawlessness and total decay.
We have carried Karol Martins before and we are taking special orders for the Ballerina Lover collection until March 10th. If you're interested in any of the styles here and would like to order them or request more information, just send us an e-mail to: info@bellabellaboutique.com. Click here to peruse the lookbook and to see the complete collection in greater details.
Tonight I'm watching some more Shugo Chara. I hope that the new Jack guardian gets revealed as the bad person he is - he's an Easter Agent! Slowly the new Queen guardian is thawing out. I honestly thought she might become the joker, just because Rima's character was more like Amu's when the series first started - before Amu had her charas and was more standoffish to protect herself from looking stupid.
THEN, it got hot. We happened to ignore it for 1 week, and came back to this:
In the same way, I didn't find very many new blogs I felt were worth following. The few I did choose to follow were blogs that said something. Had significant posts that took some time to read. Some of these blogs picked up so few new followers as to be insignificant. And that makes me sad. It makes me feel like most people don't want to take the time to read something that will make them think. Actually, I know this is true, because most people don't read. And, here, among people that (supposedly) do read, they're only really attracted to the short, flashy posts with pictures of kittens.
Oil on Canvas 2009
Important news of the day: It's David Byrne's birthday. Now I just need him to go back on tour this year. I mean, I could ask for the Talking Heads to reunite, but that seems unlikely, so I'll just keep my requests easy.
Hers came out beautifully, don't you think? Even if you don't plan on using this technique, the post is great reading with lots of pretty pictures featuring Sarah's gorgeous corset.
May God give you strength.
Perhaps I had believed that black people just didn't want to be with us. Why would they? White people, I had already noticed as a child, were often pretty nasty to black people, and if I was black, I wouldn't want to be around us either. In fact, the integration of our neighborhood and school was happening at that very same time, and we were all learning (in school anyway), to get along. But we lived on one side of the neighborhood and they lived on another. I didn't question this. I was a child, and it seemed the way of the world.
Valentines, right?
It was so strange. She kept hanging her head. She could walk around, but her neck seemed really limp and she wasn't able to eat or drink. I tried giving her yogurt, eventually gave her honey and water down the throat. I Googled her symptoms and looked them up on Backyard Chickens and we came to the conclusion that it was Wry Neck. Several suggestions were to give her liquid vitamins which we did, but after a few days she still wasn't eating/drinking and, fearing she would die from starvation, Hubz put her down.
I can understand the grumbles and worries
Fourth, Rick Santorum is a likable guy and I agree with him on much of his social conservatism. I think that it’s important that we rediscover the meaning of the family and that it’s the most basic building block of our society. There is no way to escape that, and I respect him for coming out and saying that. On the other hand, he’s an earmark king and do not believe he can hold his lead at the top of the “Not Mitt Romney” party. I think his decline is imminent.
In these early chapters of Genesis, we have a window into the fullness of God’s plan for creation and for human persons. Before the fall, Adam and Eve were free from the constraints of sin. They were naked and unashamed, and they were free from any urge to misuse each other. Their vision was not clouded by shame. They were free to give themselves to each other, free to make a gift of themselves.
Hasbro has released some information on some of their exclusives for Comic-Con 2012. They showed off their new Transformers releases and exclusives at the recent BotCon in Dallas, TX. There will be the usual demand for these figures at SDCC so be prepared for battle while you’re there.
WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!
We love each other, and are happy for each other, at the end of our afternoon together today, made plans to do it again next month. I have learned that if I don't make a plan, the meeting doesn't happen. I put the engagement into my phone, and she told me to remind her. She can be sure that I will.
Besides Narnia, Lewis wrote five other major works of fiction, excluding the Narnia books. His first book after his conversion was titled The Pilgrim’s Regress, which was an attempt at retelling Bunyan’s Pilgrim’s Progress in terms more familiar to Lewis’ only conversion narrative. He then wrote a trilogy of science fiction books, Out of the Silent Planet, Perelandra and That Hideous Strength. Those these books are not allegorical, as Pilgrim’s Regress was and as Narnia ended up being, they do end up dealing with many prominent Christian themes. One way of summing them up would be to say that they deal with the question “Is Christianity big enough to be universally true?” Lewis’ final work of fiction – and amongst those who have read it, his most beloved work – is Till We Have Faces. Lewis wrote it near the end of his life and it is probably the most mature of his works. Essentially, Lewis adapts the pagan myth of Cupid, retelling it to be strikingly similar to the story of Job.
I was pleased too, to read in WB a couple of progressive motions to the AGM from two of our more aware NE members. Motions 15 and 16 both refer to craft keg beer and are welcome, but whether they will pass muster at the AGM is open to question. I won't be there sadly, as Torquay just doesn't fit in with my plans, but I regard these two motions, particularly motion 15, as a stepping stone to next year, pass or fail. I will be there next year and there will be more motions. I have a year to think and plan, as I believe we are approaching a critical period in CAMRA's relevance and that certain nettles must be grasped.
I'm trying to resist the urge to start anymore projects until I have at least finished Lemiwinks blanket but I swear I have crafting ADHD and find it hard not to lose focus and start something new every second week.
Him: "Let's have a staring contest, starting Now!" "
I have often wondered if coping with violence, and the fight or flight response is somehow a necessity of the human experience. I consider myself a peaceful person by nature. I tend to be a moderator in conflict, I rarely get angry, and I haven't had a piece of meat in 13 years in part because of my feeling that it is unnecessary to kill other animals to survive in modern society. Yet I have an appetite for horror films and I listen to a lot of aggressive music. I absolutely enjoy the vicarious experience of peril, when experienced within the safety of art. I think that violent art is an opportunity to cope with and experience violence in a safe way without hurting anyone. I believe that for some people with tendencies toward violent behavior it can be a safe substitute. And for the rest of us who are relatively well adjusted, it's a window into a darker side of our psyche that we rarely get to vent in our every day interaction.
A new Chanel foundation is arriving in April 2012 called Vitalumiere Aqua Fresh and Hydrating Cream Compact Makeup SPF 15. The rest of the village that created that flawless complexion was Poudre Universelle Libre Natural Finish Loose Powder, Eclat Lumiere Highlighting Face Pen and Correcteur Perfection Long Lasting Concealer.
Foster mom note: Sedona is one of the Ohio 200 Bust Dogs saved thanks to grand efforts by HSUS, Hello Bully and others. Sedona's been living with yours truly and my elder AmStaff Luca since October 1st. It's been a trip, to say the least.
I panicked and told her I’d call back later. I couldn’t hang up the phone fast enough.
Jihad an-Nafs
3. Combine salt as needed and mix thoroughly.
I just learned how to set up an individual fundraising page so donations can be made in his name (for those that want to skip the race and eat donuts quietly at home with a tall glass of milk.
So I decide to tune into that something in the mind that thinks it has to control to be safe.As I move towards it in my awareness, I pass through layers of stories and illusions. It feels like the main “controller” has its own personality.
to deliver us, and thereby reveal His glory in the process – so others will see
While driving down my road, something caught my eye, so I turned around. Lo and behold, there were eight Wilson's Snipe in a corn stubble field right off the side of the road. I had my camera, so I snapped a few pics out of the car window. Very camouflaged birds.
But in any event, there is the number 4,
So, how have I made it.
Our family business involves merchandising and retail consulting. Sometimes we take on jobs that really kick us in the tail. We did one of those jobs Friday night. We went into the store at 9 PM Friday and didn't leave that store until 10:05 AM Saturday.
Santa- "Toosha"
After Pete made some recovery drink... muscle milk with a can of mixed fruit, a banana, some ice and some water. Then he made a nice green salad, with cukes and pretzels
Such international transboundary river development projects raise many important issues–from the comparative importance of national economic development to issues of social justice, from the primacy of territorial sovereignty to the merits of international cooperation. As important as these intractable topics of debate are, policy makers ought not to forget the real issue–the concern expressed by the affected people. After all, states exist to provide material and physical security to the people. The goal of development policies should be to benefit the people first, not powerful interest groups like corrupt bureaucracies and businesses.
Whatever the truth, it was this grape that Leonardo took to his heart and felt defined his land. Wonderfully for thirteen years before the DNA results were known he called the vine X and even planted 5 more hectares of the mystery vine. To this day one of his Tempranillo wines is called ‘Ixe’ – the local Tuscan pronunciation of X is Ix-ay.
Then it dawned on me: it is simply not in my organic being to grow up. I can be responsible and not childish as far as petty jealousy and such, but the air of the grown up and the restrictions that carries are foreign to my being. Most of my difficulties in life have come from trying to fight that truth.
"The identification and clearance of music copyright is a complex process that suffers from high transaction costs when managed by individual rightsholders. The pooling of music copyright in collective rights management organizations has historically reduced these costs, while providing a larger, and thus more attractive, repertoire to commercial users via the issuance of blanket licences. However, the development of digital distribution channels and automated clearance technologies for music copyright across multiple borders presents a number of challenges to the current system. As music consumption increasingly takes digital forms, Europe must modernize its collective rights management system in response.
Later that year, two more adaptations of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde made their way into theaters. The 17-minute Den skæbnesvangre opfindelse (Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde; or, A Strange Case), an import from Denmark, was written and directed by August Blom and premiered on September 24, 1910. Close behind that was the five-minute (or ten-minute, depending on which source you believe) The Duality of Man from the UK. The survival status of both of these films is sadly unknown, and presumed lost.
But there was that one thing. That corner thing. The one that drove me batty:
This river search that Mandy gets called out on in page 69 will reveal a huge surprise that has a bearing on the case and will plunge Mandy even further into the swirling intrigue surrounding Howie’s murder. When her friend Cynthia becomes the prime suspect, Mandy realizes she’s wading into deeper, more hazardous waters than ever. As Kirkus Reviews says in their May 1 issue, “Once again, Groundwater, mixing mystery with outdoor adventure, comes up with an excursion that will please most comers.”Learn more about the book and author at Beth Groundwater's website and blog.
19. The MBEs - Christmas 1979
Day 5
God is faithful to Himself and in this faithfulness, He is faithful to each and every one of us who are in Christ!
Responding to the decision, Richard’s mother, Julia O’Dwyer, from Chesterfield, has described the move by US authorities as beyond belief and described Britain’s extradition treaty with the United Statesa as rotten.
So, when I had a dilemma regarding a purple cardigan you were the natural expert to ask. ;)
03 On The Surface
A little worn. But she tried it on and loved it. She decided she's going to wear it all the time now.
—The Locker Family
It keeps me really busy.
Anywho, today is day 36 of Whole30. I honestly have just lost count and it feels normal to eat this way all the time which is awesome. I made-a some more-a MEATZA! and added some broccoli slaw (thanks for the suggestion, Liana!) on top and more olives since those are bomb. Currently, I am using my dehydrator to dry out some zucchini to make “chips” so I’m sure I’ll munch down on those soon. I keep saying I want to make some sauces for stuff; I guess the rain and nasty weather has made me super duper lazy and I haven’t accomplished much lately. Besides being a clutz (klutz? hm.. you get the point).
As such, I have returned my site to the normal colors and removed the protest ribbon that was going to stay up until next week when the vote on PIPA was scheduled. This does not mean the threat is over, the bills still exist and both the Congress and Senate intend to revisit these bills in some form. The industries behind these bills, the MPAA, RIAA, big pharmacy, and others will not quit their fight for this legislation.
Now that you have your list, pick one thing on the list. A girlfriend of mine started with getting her teeth whitened. That was week one for her. When she saw how great her smile was after the whitening, every time she wanted a cigarette she would look in the mirror at her pretty white teeth and remind herself what would happen if she smoked a cigarette. And no she didn’t stop completely over night. But this helped her cut back quickly. The second week, she started going out for a walk every morning before work. Not a jog or even a power walk, just a leisurely stroll around her neighborhood. Over time this progressed into running for exercise, but she started slow. Week three she had her hair colored and styled in a way she’d always wanted but never tried before. Over time she started to feel like a new person and the cigarettes became less important.
- KC Concepcion’s revelations on the sad state of her relationship with Piolo Pascual
7. Admit to any infidelity. Right after sex, when you are both literally naked and venerable, is a great time to admit to any infidelity. In fact, take this opportunity to discuss any emotional transgressions that might have ever occurred. Do not worry if this leads to a fight, because make-up sex is very sexy!
8. Don't be afraid to return some toys or put away some toys after a big birthday or holiday. Again on the battery-powered, bells & whistles toys. Save the environment and your sanity and limit these! Don't get me wrong, one of my kids favorite toys was a ride-on toy with lights and music. My cousin got this for Ian for his first birthday and I JUST put it away. He is over 4. They still like it, but he has a bike and Eva has a tricycle and a balance bike so they don't really need it. I will bring it out if we have guests, especially younger ones. I am getting off-track here but you get the point. A few of these can be great, but a whole collection leads to swearing (because the batteries are dead again), bankruptcy (because of buying those darn batteries) and environmental ruin. OK, I'm exaggerating, but the truth is that it results in a lot of clutter. If a child gets too much for one particular event, putting some of it away for the next holiday or even rainy day can spread the impact.
What that is, is a big pile of guilt & frustration. May as well get rid of it. I don’t need to feel miserable every day before I even get dressed. I realize I’ve had an emotional attachment to some of these things that I can’t even wear. I’m done with that!
We continue to realize at this board meeting as well as every meeting we have a great number of very talented people in our organization. We look forward to continuing to serve you in 2012 and we hope to inspire you to become more involved. See you at the next meeting February 21st.
What did they find?
Finally, Brazil is in the news today with some stupendous results to a quite unusual study that took place in Brazil, about Brazilian farmers and… their animals!
I share the perils of the line
Even in my dazed and painful state, I managed to get 9 huge garbage bags of trash to the curb, along with a bunch of old mops (gross), some broken windows (I saved them why?) and two retired vacuums (when you have a cat as hairy as Harry, your vacuums work overtime). I also stuffed my truck with 6 bags of items to be donated to the thrift store.
At that point he was fresh out of basic and knew he was going to Iraq.
Play the game “Telephone” (use an empty cardboard paper towel roll). Start with today’s memory verse, then let the kids think of other Scriptures to pass around the circle. Talk about how we can share God’s Word with others.
The passion and partnership of founders, Michelle & Patrick, spaces that showcase high/lo that are infused with encouragement for diving into design, on-the-pulse accents that are meaningful, understanding of design and color palettes that are exciting, fresh and cool. Aside from the site - full of Lonny's best pics - the blog is full of goodies as well.
In a world in which success seems to be the only thing worth talking about it is hard to see the point in being disappointed, in failing at something. But studies have shown that there is no correlation between success and happiness. People who strive all their lives to reach certain goals or work hard to earn a lot of money and climb the corporate ladder, often say in their twilight years that they regret no living in the moment as they were always looking towards their goals and the future.
This traveling version of the one in D.C. had the same impact on me as the when I visited the one in Washington. I don't know any names on the wall personally, but just like last time the number of names, the size of the wall, and the people looking, touching, and remembering made me a little choked up. On the back of all our race bibs were the names of soldiers. I don't know if they were all men and women who died in the Middle East, but mine had the name of an 18 year old from Littlestown, PA named Michael Dinterman. He died in Afghanistan on September 6th.
1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
It was the most awesome gift my father could have given me. This was HIM. This was his life. It was engraved with the logo of the company he had been working for when I was born. This was his approval. This was his acknowledgement that I was a responsible, full grown, adult male. It was his way of saying "Ya done good son, and I'm proud of ya."
‘I never wore jewellery. I had a friend who was attacked and they just went kerchup! with the blade when the ring wouldn’t come off first time. I’ve had friends shot in the head, abducted, ransomed, dumped in the bush, stabbed. Ach – it’s not good. Not good at all. The last straw was the beach house getting ransacked. I barely escaped with my life. So next thing you know I’m standing at Heathrow with one suitcase and one dog. It was like getting mugged all over again, the exchange rate was
But hey, you know, it’s not the worst watch in movie history. If you compare it to LotR, Gladiator, 300, and Transformers, it’s going to come up short, but if you compare it to the other films (Pathfinder, 10,000 BC, Gobots) that are clearly trying to pull an ape-and-cash on those films, it’s pretty awesome. It’s on the same level as something like Ridley Scott’s Kingdom of Heaven (2005), uneven but worth a watch.
She let go of the blind man’s grip in disappointment.
I know what it is. A Sharpie. Rollins's sword to tear the world apart, (This is sentence I loved so much! Glad it made it in!) --Pg. 195 of "Slide" by Jill Hathaway
Irrational as it may be but today was the day that I conquered taking a turn on a bike. Laugh at me if you will… a 25-year-old woman who hasn’t rode on a bike in over 10 years, this is quite the accomplishment. Not to mention, this is the second time we’ve gone out on our bikes, so I’d like to think I’m moving in the right direction. Now I just have to get my stamina up and soon we’ll be challenging ourselves on some actual bike trails.
She discusses how he loved to read–he read voraciously and his favorite book (read multiple times) was Robert Louis Stevenson’s The Wrecker, which I have never heard of. Galchen points out he amusing twist that his favorite book is a 500 pages “27-course Victorian feast,” whereas Borges himself never wrote a novel and most of his works were very short indeed–his Collected Fictions is 578 pages.
-Changes in facial features that cannot be explained by the usual plastic surgery excuse.
Evening all, sorry for the lateness of my post, I have been chasing my tail all day again today. I hope you are all well. I have had a bit of a funny day, I was feeling a bit low and didn't feel very confident in myself today (couldn't say why just one of those days I guess) but without even knowing that, some of my bloggy buddies made me feel so much better just by being their lovely selves so I just wanted to say that you lot are all fab and I am so glad to have met you all, much love to you all.
113 The Aloof Wish You Were Here... (Postcards From the Edge Mix by Ashley Beedle)
Prayer. Very simply, prayer is communicating with God. We will never advance in any aspect of our Christian lives without prayer. When we pray, the channels to God open–both ways. To neglect prayer is to neglect God Himself.
It comes in a white tube with a coloured cap, which is a small bit cheap looking I feel. The applicator is a wand with a soft, almond-shaped tip with a hole in the centre. I find this is great, it has plenty of product in the middle which can be layered on as desired.
I have a pile of possible first projects for todays Stash Bash and as I was looking through bins for some fabric to make what I thought would be this weeks project I found a bag full of half finished crochet projects with half written patterns pinned or stuffed into them. This is me... I think I have C.A.D.D (craft attention deficit disorder). I wake up to an idea which I must bring to fruition so I start crocheting and writing and scratching out, followed by ripping out, more scratching out and writing, some minor bad language, frustration and then I stash it away where the guilt of giving up won't find me.
The people arrive in 5 hours. However, it isn't a party until someone throws up!
So, seriously. I know that we're on day 6 of 10 and I cant just kick you to the curb, but can you please pass on the side effects? Please???
Direct. V. Do not flatter one another from a foolish love.(33 ) Neither meanly critise one another. Do all in true, Godly love. Some are so blinded to the faults of husband, wife or child that they do not see the sin and wickedness in them. They are deluded concerning their eternal souls. This is the same as it is with self­ loving sinners and their own souls, willfully deceiving themselves to their damnation. This flattering of yourselves or others, is but the devil’s charm to keep you from effectual repentance and salvation. On the other hand, some cannot speak to one another of their faults, without such bitterness, or contempt, which will cause them to refuse the medicine that could save them. If the everyday warnings you make to strangers must all be offered in love, much more between the husband and wife.
You’ll want to name it something easy to remember. I highly encourage you to put Secret Key into the file name to make it clear that this file contains your secret key and should be shared with no one.
The two were very similar, Angel and Sarah. They both had streaks of brunette and blonde running through their hair. Although Sarah’s hair was much more curly, sporting soft ringlets that bounced as she walked. The real difference between the two was size. Angel was five and Sarah was one, which meant that she was taller. However, Sarah was a little behind the curve as opposed to her sister who towered over other kids her age. That was the only area where she didn’t take after Vince. He had always been a small child, only growing to his current height in high school.
And here is the direct download. Please leave a comment here, if you download, I love to read them and would LOVE to see any pages you create with my products!
The DAP advisor asked if Najib was apologising for Malaysia becoming “increasingly corrupt” under the administration of the fourth and fifth prime ministers, Tun Dr Mahathir Mohamad and Tun Abdullah Badawi respectively.
He suffered for me and you.
T: damn, that sucks. but at least he wasn't penis-sexing your girl in the butt!
*who is now under couch arrest. Like, she is faced with four vociferous shouts of "GET OFF THE COUCH" whenever her eye gaze falls more than a foot above the floor.
Scripts: Other people with slightly elevated blood pressure might assume that, since they don’t exhibit any obvious symptoms (e.g., no nervousness, sweating, etc.), the condition really can’t be doing any damage yet.
In the fullness of time,
· Taking Lemons and Making Lemonade
Happy Poetry Friday! May we be like Bobby, rather than Jack...
My smooth and soft-looking forehead.
What this means is that the elitist weasels at Amerika's newspaper of record are fully committed to buffing the halo (that they think shines) atop their pointy heads, at the expense of subway-riding non-New York Times elites everywhere.
Naturally, I took pictures.
Occupation: Hairstylist
MolsonCoors. “The Most Interesting Man in the World.” ABC. 3 Nov. 2011. Television Commercial.
Albert Camus once wrote:
6. Have you ever walked into a wall/window/door?
I dreamt of you with your gentle warm smile as you woke up beside me
It’s a great way of storing foods that you buy in bulk, on sale, or from your abundant garden harvest.
Although the Qashqai costs more than a Megane it’s close enough to be considered. What has really racked up the interest in Crossovers is lower priced entrants into the market like the Hyundai ix35, Kia Sportage, Mitsubishi ASX and Skoda Yeti.
Seasonings, or aromatics, are used both in the brine and roasted inside the cavity of the bird. Since only the essence of the seasonings is small enough to pass through the skin and into the meat, your options are wide open. Whole spices and fresh herbs are excellent for brining. No additional salt is needed, but try things like fresh peppercorns, allspice berries, cloves, rosemary, sage, thyme, garlic or ginger. Apples and citrus fruits make great additions to the brine.
Garter—is that the queen’s flag (and not Diana’s
Laugh at the cold as if it were funny
David Starkey risks fresh controversy by claiming that Asian men jailed over a major child sexual exploitation ring were “acting within their own cultural norms”.
-You actually debate letting your kid eat the rocks, because a fight at this moment seems too insurmountable
So how did you not know there were going be swear words and dirty jokes and nudity in The Hangover before you watched it?
I never liked Gale, either. No specific reason, I just don’t like his character.
So yeah, I still love horses very much, and oh boy, how my life would be easier if I had never met any of them…
Republicans Need To Take Charge
Life is complicated.
In early May last year Trea met with the lovely @Teaganthedog's Mum, Sarah, and her Daddy, Gary, and they managed ti snatch a quick lunch at the Uni. Unfortunately, on that occasion, Teagie Weagie was not able to join them on da trip to London Town! And Trea was really excited when @Dogstoyevsky's Mum, Wendy, was able to attend her retirement bash! **Suddenly all the academics "lived in Essex" and were totally bowled over by this bubbly blonde!!**
In fact, a study published in Cancer Preventative Research shows the combination of a low-fat diet in combination with omega-3 fatty acids could reduce prostate cancer development and progression.
We load up the wipes warmer that we were given as a baby gift with Beckett. It keeps the wipes moistened and warm. For on the go, I stock up a reusable ziploc bag with premoistened wipes that are ready for diaper changes. I can just toss the wipes into the soaking bin and wash with the diapers. They wash with them, dry with them and are folded when they are ready. So easy from start to finish! And, they do a MUCH better job than any disposable wipe.
So I don’t know, but from my observations about how apathy makes my university not function as well as it could, and how it destroys students GPA’s, I really do think that it is the leading cause of degradation.
Home Siding Cost Comparison
SD: Traveling would have to top my list...I love experiencing new countries, new cities, new architecture, new artforms, new foods and smells...it's an intoxicating, wonderful experience.
Conference Room Snippets (today)
So yes, the free market although wonderful will not end racism.
Alan Gold is an author and was a delegate to the UN World Conference Against Racism in Durban, South Africa.
1/4 - 1/3 cup raisins (I got seedless Flame raisins from bulk section at WF)
“They could have been watching us the whole time!” I blurted out fearfully. “Maybe we shouldn’t touch the stuff.”
While the project is a narrative scenario, not a real proposal for an emerging DIY extraction industry, it nonetheless presents an interesting question about mineral rights and the exchange value of geology in a major inhabited area. Should a valuable mineral resource of any exploitable extent be discovered down there in the veins beneath New York City, for instance, could mining become a viable use of the city's real estate—and, more to the point, what would be the architectural effects of this radical subtraction of the ground plane?
Well, I know they are one of my publishers but this is a good news story. We Are All Born Free: The Universal Declaration of Human Rights in Pictures has just won a special award in the category English 4-11 Best Children's Illustrated Book. It was a bold move to choose to illustrate such a set of concepts and Amnesty International were the publishing partners. Many illustrators, such as Jane Ray and Marcia Williams, contributed pictures which are far from grim.
Salina KS
there are other organizations who make quilts for families of our fallen
Normal people don't get shot in the stomach (TWICE!!), get up, and shake it off.
(canting)
5. International Open Poetry Contest
I was about 13 when I became really interested in religion because it all struck me as untrue. I read a lot about world religions, I wanted to see if anything struck me as true because the bible never had. Eventually, I decided I was agnostic, until 9/11 at which point I sort of dropped the whole interest in organized religion.
November 19 - Gary Garcia, pop musician ("Pac-Man Fever"), 63
1) #18 Louisville Cardinals (22-8, 10-7 Big East) @ #2 Syracuse Orange (29-1, 16-1 Big East), Saturday/3 pm CBS
For those of you who don’t know what geotagging is:
The following short video gives an overview of current details of the case.
I have often dreamed of buying a sailboat and catching a nice wind that will push me down to the Caribbean but the more logical part of my mind has always quickly reminded me I have absolutely no experience at the little things like navigating an ocean going craft. The lack of money to purchase and operate this hypothetical craft has also been a bit of a buzz kill on any plan to emulate my hero Jimmy Buffett. Despite my closely related wish to be a pirate they have had a lot of bad press lately so just taking the first sailboat I come across would not work.
The show featured Cybill Shepherd as “Maddie Hayes”, a former Model saddled with a Detective Agency, that she owned as a tax write-off, that is helmed by David Addison (Bruce Willis).
The ornamental cherry is said to have arrived in Europe from China and Japan around 200 years ago.
Strong leaders are therefore open to constructive feedback because they now at the end of the day, it’s not about them, it’s about the company and they never want to become the bottleneck for its sustainable success.
A Most Merry Holiday to all of you! We wish you good cheer and a warm house, plenty of food to eat - that is all that matters, isn't it? We are dry and cold here - thinking of all the U.K. & European connections I have made and am hoping everyone is safe & warm with all the heavy snows and winter weather.
I told my wrath, my wrath did end.
I started with this
While I'm town I'm going to do a couple of talks at the University. One of the classes I'm going to be speaking about rendering to is a fashion class. I got so excited thinking about it last night I drew up this little sketch to put into my presentation and I thought I'd share it.
After creating the object of toolbar, add it to the screen using this.add just like the search bar (do it in initialize because we need to add the handler to the buttons.
Peculiar Pipes: Why That Clanging Noise May Have More to do With Porcelain than Poltergeists
Beer and Beer People - You've got to just love them.
Have a look at this list of Gay Villages all over the world, there might be one near you. See that rainbow there in Montréal, that’s your flag! It’s how we find each other. See those people walking down that street, they’re people like you. They’re people like me. Soon enough, you can be walking down that street. Please don’t take that away from the rest of us, don’t take it away from yourself!
Libraries like this one, on the right, often appear in old paintings, and I particularly like this example as it demonstrates the lengths, quite literally, to which a booklover will go to find the volume he is seeking.
6 slices OSCAR MAYER Deli Fresh Shaved Cajun Seasoned Chicken Breast
I speak to mum for the first time since the invasion and I'm blown away by her reaction. I expected her to be furious that I hadn't left after the coup and before the invasion as she'd pleaded for me to do at the time. Instead, she's too relieved to be angry. She tells me that she and dad have agreed there will be no recriminations until they hear what we have been through. She even understands when I say I'm not going to wave my passport and come home now.
What is Hilton Family e-Events?
Prize is still the same...We would love to see you use an Inky Image. We will give a $10 Gift Credit to one lucky winner who uses our Inky Images.
I chaired the main meetings of Working Group I during the production of the first three IPCC scientific assessments. I can say categorically that the process was very open and honest. The aim was to distinguish between what was reasonably well known and the areas where there is large uncertainty. The chapter groups had complete freedom to investigate and assess the scientific literature and draw their conclusions.
The latest report issued by the Ernst & Young Item Club said Britain’s jobless rate is forecast to rise to 9.3 percent in the middle of next year from the current 8.4 percent, with the number of those seeking work rising to almost 3 million.
An area of sophisticated agreement and insight
The locomotive that the GM&O used in the film is an old EMD E7A. Built as Alton Railroad E7A #103A, the locomotive carried Serial #2006, and Frame #E544-A4. She was born in March 1945, a time when World War II was coming to a close. She helped the Alton, and later, the GM&O haul the influx of returning soldiers. The unit spent her entire career on the Alton and the GM&O, never straying away from her home territory. I am sad to report, however, that GM&O 103, was sold for scrap in March, 1975, and was cut up shortly after that.
The second big problem is that with a few notable exceptions, the people involved do not have the qualifications or intention to act in a professional and impartial manner. It’ll be holiday bonus time. It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to guess the option a father will take when presented with the two options of seeing his family spend Christmas in jail or coughing up some folding money. He may even suggest the spot fine option. Other officials, flushed with their temporary power will go on a cosmic ego trip and really make some people’s holiday.
Aprons: 1
Simon thought it was a nice piece of music and was impressed with how well the close block harmony worked in this tune.
While we were heading towards the supermarket entrance I asked my elder child what would he like to have for lunch today, he came back with, "How about pasta salad?"
Overall a nice sour beer from Cascade! I didn't detect as much funky lactobacillus. This beer tasted more like a traditional sour Belgian Blond.
The Lord, in Matthew 13:10-13 tells us how it is only the initiated who understand God’s revelation.
But you know, it was just another caffeinated waystation on the road to beer -- and by now, I needed a glass to tamp down all this jitter! Doors opened, I was in, and first in line, followed Big Daddy Steve down to the shop. Scan the taps...Session: Fermette Rouge. Try one? Sure! Spicy, hoppy, refreshing, dry finish -- let's do it. Growler in hand, I headed back to the Priory to get showered and dressed for my teaching gig.
Raised in a poor, communist Ukranian family, Kurylenko was talent scouted by a modelling agency and ended up as a Bond girl, though she's far more appealing in her roles in less-lauded films such as Hitman and Max Payne. I mean, why else would you watch Max Payne?
The very first time that I met Patty I was inspired. Up until her, I had only ever met people who talked about the good they wanted to do in the world. . .when the kids were grown, when they retired, when they had enough money. I had a list of my own dreams for helping and an equally long list of “whens” that kept me stuck in my little rut. But Patty was the first “non-when” person I had ever met. She saw a problem and decided to make a difference. So, having lunch with her is like an infusion of validation in my life for exercising more fully a calling. She’s the cup of inspiration that comes with the salad.
That's politics for you.
Wear more skirts & dresses. I've always looked young, so I always dressed more maturely to be taken seriously. I always opted for classic looks, but more conservative. Now, I'm leaning towards more trendier options and be more stylish. After my daughter was born, I stayed away from my favorite skirts because it just seemed she should be the one wearing the mini skirts, not me.
Ch1, hdc in same st, and in each st accross to set of 3sc, in second sc of 3sc bunch 3hdc, hdc accross to last st, 3hdc in last st, fasten off, attatch to sides of carrier on the rnds 17-19.
Small Government News
Regardless, sometimes it all works out. My trip to Omaha last week is a good example. Three of the flights were less than 50% loaded; the flight OMA-DFW was less than 25% loaded. So for each of these flights, each time with a pretty stiff wind, the flights were fun!
Two tags down, one to go.
Till date Aamir Khan’s Ghajini (Rs 90 crore0 has topped the buyout list, Om Shanti Om (Rs75 crore) stood second highest followed by Akshay Kumar’s Singh is Kinng (Rs 60 crore) and Welcome (Rs 40 crore).
My grocery bill for all the ingredients was $53.01. Not bad....only $10.60 per meal.
The schoolchildren I read this to are highly amused, but find it hard to believe that Per would never have seen one of these unco elvish fruits, when they have them in their lunch boxes and can buy them at any corner grocery. I tell them that, in Per’s time, I doubt that either the English or Scottish king would have seen one.
Vincent was president of the 4A’s, the advertising agencies’ association, for five years. He stepped down in March 2010 shortly before being appointed to the Star’s board of directors. In January this year he became executive deputy chairman and initiated moves to improve the paper’s branding, including a revamp of the newspaper’s design in May.
I am loving loving loving this new small space dwellers post. I discovered Anna Spiro's new online shop through one of my fave online mags - Adore Home. Anna's blog :: absolutely beautiful things :: was one of my first bookmarked years ago and I've been enjoying reading her inspirations every since. I just love the concept of her store - shop the seasonal vignette. There are tons of fabulous ideas right inside this room and here are my faves that you can recreate and reinterpret in your own small space.
Our dancing floor, besides looking cute or cool, needs to be functional. The community will thank su.
No certainly not. I try to avoid making my characters like people I know. It can get you into a lot of trouble. Mind you the other day a couple of my first year students were behaving more like high school kids and I threatened to put them into a story. They said “Oh yes, please. Will you?” You can’t win can, you?
Tall-guy: “I’m telling you, they’re just barely evolved from wolves, you can barely trust them.”
Re-released in October 2011 by Norma Evangelium Diaboli on red vinyl with lyric sheet.
Here in kernel form is everything that much later would be worked out by the Ecumenical Councils of Nicea (A.D. 325) and Chalcedon (A.D. 451), set forth in Exodus symbols,[3] and with words (especially logos) that resonated deeply with Greek thought. The Russian proverb says that “one word of truth outweighs the world.” Quite so. And if I put John 1:14 on one side of a seesaw, and the entire cosmos on the other, I’d fully expect to see the John 1:14 side hit the ground in the blink of an eye.
That is not, however, why he has come; no:
The Brooklyn Eagle has learned that the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum is bringing a temporary exhibit to the former home of Sid’s Hardware at 345 Jay St., also known as 1 MetroTech, in Downtown Brooklyn.
Due Wednesday:
My heart's desire has always been to have Eli known by others. And it's happening for us and I couldn't be more excited! He's been the cover boy for our local Playdate magazine. I wrote an article for Playdate, also, telling Eli's story. In two weeks, I'll be the guest speaker at a MOPS meeting, sharing our story with others and trying to give hope to moms who may feel overwhelmed, isolated, or exhausted.
Christmas time is here. Time for feast. Time for presents. And speaking of presents, I know each and everyone of us have our own Christmas list. I come up with my own list of I don’t like to get for Christmas as a present and also a list of the ones I really want.
Data also gives you ammunition to advocate for a child, whether it can be with parents, a medical professional, or another educator. It can give the student a way to build confidence and motivate extra effort, too. The biggest thing data offers, though, is feedback about what worked and what didn't. Of course, every teacher needs to look at what didn't work so they can improve or reteach, but I think for new teachers, the other is just as important.
The show's page on WTAM.com now lists Jimmy Hanlin, long a veteran of golf-related local sports media, as Trivisonno's co-host. (Yes, Trivisonno is Mike's brother, for those who don't know already.)
They were all the rage before the Second World War, revived in the rubble of post-war by Christian Dior with his peerless Bar jacket (“Have you heard about the New Look?” wrote Nancy Mitford in one of her frequent fashion-obsessed asides. “You pad your hips and squeeze your wait… it creates a class feeling in a way no sables could”) and were huge just before the crash of 1988. Judy McCoy, wife of Sherman McCoy in Bonfire of the Vanities, Tom Wolfe’s satire on slime-bag politicos and greedy bankers (so absolutely no resonance with now) was very keen on peplums, as were all those real life social x-rays such as Ivana and Blaine Trump and Nan Kempner. Perhaps in turbulent times we reach for hourglass images of womankind.
Since moving into painting more regularly and embracing my… how do I put this… arty side, I’ve thought a lot about this. Chiefly because at parties and social gatherings, when you meet someone new, they invariably ask “what do you do”, as if what I do defines who I am. And as I only ‘make a living’ through gardening and tree surgery, I was always reluctant to say “I’m a gardener”. Now I’d better add at this point that I’m proud to be a gardener and that gardening is a noble profession (in case I get any muddy death threats posted through the door), but being a gardener is not who I am. To me, I’m an artist and that’s how I tend to answer that question now. Although I did once lie and tell a bloke that I was an international pearl dealer, but that was a long long time ago…
The nightmare of selling a car again. I thought I'll have Maia for a few more years before I have to say good bye to her. But then Harry Hilux came along (and we do need him to do the tough job of going to almost unreachable places with nighmarish roads and stuffs), and we still need Livvy Livina to transport the kids and their friends to school and other activities. So after about 11 months, it has to be 'good bye' Maia for me.
amber drips from the booze IV,
I have become an instant fan and really hope that Bar Magazine continues on as strongly as it has begun. I imagine I will still be going over all it has to offer over the next little while, as I anticipate the next edition; with so much good stuff packed inside I am discovering something interesting, new or practical that I can apply out here in the real world, with every read.
That's not to say I didn't make choices or don't take responsibility. I take responsibility every day. By raising these children on my own, by paying every single bill, by sharing in their struggles and their triumphs. I pay for those choices in the nightmares and the reminders.
so got the usual litany of you're boring/stupid/meaningless and hope no one ever marries you/you'll never be happy etc etc etc, when, in fact, the convo could've been about whether you think it's better to settle or be single. simple.
Until I read another article that highlighted this oddity, I never really took much notice of the knees of models in skirt shots, but that seems to be the point. It is these pernicious ways in which we are exposed to altered body parts that we unknowingly internalize and contribute to the unattainable and illusory ideal by which women measure themselves against and unfailingly come up short. It’s another bit by which our bodies are shamed for their natural state.
But, really, what it all comes down to (besides the will, which is certainly here), is cash. Cold, hard, cash.
If I don't want to walk, I can take the N-Judah down several more blocks to the small Chinese markets on Irving, where instantly I am on a gourmet and cultural trip to Asia, as well privy to some of the cheapest produce in town.
dry red chilly - 2 to 3
The clothing certainly gives that impression, with the short ornamented jacket, top hat and leather riding boots. He also has a special leather side flap fastened with buckles to the outer side of his lower right leg, presumably to protect his boots, clothes and calves from the horses harness or something similar. I'm sure there's a name for these, something like leggings or chaps, although neither of those terms seem to quite fit this item.
Will United get by with a little help from their friends in Newcastle, or will City win out and take the title, leaving United without a major trophy for the first time in eight years? Keep up with my blog and follow me on Twitter (@JohnA209) for the latest updates. Thank you for reading, and remember: win or lose, “Glory Glory to Manchester United”.
Mikes falls after 3 hours and approximately 45 minutes.
I am not big however on John Laurinaitis involved with Big Show though. To me, if he is in the ring, he must only be involved with John Cena. It makes everything confusing if he’s involved with the babyfaces on both shows. Sometimes, simple is more.
The Super Furry Animals formed in the early nineties. Are a Welsh rock / pop / tecno band with leanings toward psychedelic rock. In late 1995 they were signed to Creation records, the home of Oasis, and Primal Scream. They sing mostly in English, but there have been welsh tracks and a welsh language album. They have more ideas on most of their albums than a lot of bands have in a lifetime. They’re a little bit mad in places, but lots of fun.
Did you also realize that 30% of YOUR customers…have a friend or family member that will purchase a vehicle in the next year?
At about 3.30 a.m. we completed our preparations for the events that would unfold later in the day.
Alas, I think we're getting another 10 inches of snow before the end of the day Wednesday, that means I will have to travel far and wide for the cure to my fever. On the plus side, I did find some amazing deals on flights to California this afternoon... there may be a vacation in my future?? I hope.
The image taken by a photographer of their child will naturally appear more intimate than an image taken of a stranger.
When he did gain power, he implemented economic policies that would endear him to many of the Left today. His policies were basically protectionist. He controlled the exchange-rate of the Italian currency and promoted that old favourite of the economically illiterate -- autarky -- meaning that he tried to get Italy to become wholly self-sufficient rather than rely on foreign trade. He wanted to protect Italian products from competing foreign products. The Leftist anti-globalizers of today would approve.
I know the picture quality is rather crappy but in my defence, these are iPhone pictures captured in low light and were extremely hastily taken. I'll come back with nicer pictures of other cakes next time! If I can find the time to...
The New Haven Review of Books will be posting a new short (300ish words) review every Monday. Attentive readers will notice that my review is not nearly as long, rambling and self-indulgent as the reviews on this site, though it still manages to "out-word-count" the other four reviews. The NHRB has two basic rules for reviews: 1) that the review be positive (they are not interested in slamming books), and 2) the the book be overlooked by other, larger, review venues. Now, you cozy readers out there know that the Mrs. Pollifax series is very popular among mystery readers, so there's a bit of an exception to rule #2 - if the book is well-known within a genre, but remains unknown to general readers, (or perhaps, in the case of Mrs. Pollifax on the China Station, is over 20 years old) then it counts as overlooked.
Lord have mercy. When the body bag is delivered to my husband, have him cremate me and send my ashes to Austin to be spread on the warm Texas breezes, willya?
Also extra reading - for older two I am focusing on a Muslims Character - male charater,
Many Jews view it as a special Jewish paradise, sheltered not only from the problems of 2000 years of bigotry and violence the world over, but from the problems of contemporary America as well. It is an artificial 1950’s, preserved by a self-policed omerta that omits from view the terrible urban blights which exist a mere thousand feet away from Pikesville’s border. If you ever want to be truly shocked, go around the Pimlico racetrack and look across Northern Parkway. Across that iconic Baltimore street lies gorgeous houses and pristine buildings, new development aplenty and special blue lights as far as the eye can see. Look the other way and you’ll see nothing but dilapidation, desiccation, and decay. Whether its residents realize it or not, Pikesville is a delicately balanced antique, a ballet troupe dancing on a volcano that has perpetually been on the brink of eruption for the entire time that it was Jewish. And like all delicate balances, all it takes is a single gust of mild wind to let something so fragile crash to the ground in ruins. While I’d certainly have concerns if the whole balance came down, I would in no way view the end of an exclusively Jewish Pikesville as a tragedy, but there are many who would, and will do everything within their power to ensure that it does not happen – mostly within the law, but sadly, all it takes is one…
but, then there's the harder stuff. and when that harder stuff comes along -- as it most definitely will -- it's up to us as your parents to show you, with our actions, to open your hearts.
The Chipettes
I make my cards 6" x 6" so if you make yours a little smaller adjust accordingly. In this case I also distressed everything but that's optional.
AJ said Garrett has some balls, he took a beating, got back up, and put a guitar right on his daddy’s head.
If you have searched, and have played with the labels, and you still haven't found what you're looking for, then please ask your publishing-related questions in the comments to this post. I'll do my best to point you in the right direction, or to write a new post especially for you, or to find someone who has more authority than I do to answer your question. It might take me a little time to sort that out, but I will do it. Eventually.
In a mass media world – this sketching of target audiences was a technique developed to ensure messages about products and services could be broadcasted to desired groups. Yet in the social media world – even with the potential to micro-target individuals – limited resources mean persona development still feels necessary.
Low fat options will also be in this box.
Bleeding to death
To get out of this place
In The LORD Jesus Christ,
Actually, when you roll up all of the Greek minor parties, like most of Europe, they are essentially different flavors of vanilla - where vanilla is Monster Government. There's a variety of collectivists in there, but as with that jar of mixed nuts you buy, when you get down it, they're all nuts. These particular folks are adamantly against the reforms and financial austerity imposed on Greece. In other words, there is no such thing as real money, real worth, real trade, just keep giving us our benefits.
Growing up in the country with my 2 sisters, we had a crazy game that every time we saw a VW we could punch the other person in the arm and yell "Punch Buggie - and call out the colour (in this case Punch Buggie BLUE"). Typing this on the computer makes me think "gee, it sounds like we were violent kids", but actually it was the opposite. I think because VW's were such a rarity where we lived that it was an exciting time on any car journey to the city. I am sure you have one of these childhood stories, I would love to hear them. Anyway that is why this card is one of my favourite creations today. I saw something like this on another blog site, I am so sorry I can't remember where. This will be going to a 4th birthday party next week.
Black waves engulfing me, limbs losing strength, I slowly collapsed, Dan catching me at the last moment of consciousness. Like any nineteenth-century heiress worth her crumpets and tea, I fainted right into his arms.
You know, I'm really starting to dig the boyfriend jean trend. Pants that you don't have to worry about not fitting into on a bad bloat day? I'm in! Only things is, it's important to balance the outfit out with elements that fight against looking short and frumpy. This time, I used high heeled platforms! Forget the fact that I ended up being suckered into setting up for a high school band garage sale while wearing this outfit. I got more than one giggle while I folded clothes on the ground in four inch platforms.
In light of facts covered so far, the argument that the win for Novartis would adversely impact the drug supply and pricing stands dubious, misleading, and motivated to malign spirit/nuances of patent system in India. In fact any generic manufacturer using imatinib mesylate other than beta-crystalline
As for offences against the Agong, isn’t it still fresh in our mind that in the run up to the Bersih 2.0 rally last year, the authorities detained six members of Parti Sosialis Malaysia for “waging war against the Agong”? That this is a concocted charge is self-evident when not an iota of evidence has been produced to substantiate the accusation to date.
Bear Lake is one of my favorite places to go- look how pretty it is!! Our extended family has been going to Bear Lake since my mom was little - and I LOVE that we still carry on the tradition. This year was fun because Russell was able to join us for a few days and we were able to take Kole for his first time. Thank heavens we weren't camping- can you imagine?!
Still nothing. I started pushing on my stomach pretty hard. I could feel the Deuce in there, but I wasn't getting a kick or even a wiggle in response.
The practices of the hops growers in Farnham were quite distinct from those of the growers in Kent, which I may return to later. I'll note at this point that unlike the hop gardens and oast houses of Kent the Farnham growers it seems had hop grounds and hop kilns.
In the twenty-three years we have been married my wife has read one book in a single sitting. She reads maybe two to three books from cover to cover a year. It's not that she doesn't read a lot, she does, it's just that a book really needs to grab her for her to continue reading passed the first three chapters. She has probably read the first three chapters of over a million books.
not a flip-flpper
the slowly waking day sealed
To be clear, not all these secrets are available in Standard PDF programs but are specifically designed for the AEC industry by Bluebeam, a PDF software firm which impressed me so much that I recently became an authorized reseller.
WALGREENS 5/6
Best of all, when you put it all together and integrate automatic actions into your life, you’ll live by the principles you’ll need to stay fit and healthy, so that you can achieve and maintain exactly what you’re striving for:
Calling Dr. Love
They sell so much lube in the stores, I have always wondered if it is ‘normal’ that so many vaginas in the USA have problems with ‘dryness’.
Now, Prahlāda Mahārāja is replying. Prahlāda Mahārāja is replying,
Darkness will descend and Americans will begin to live with blackouts and brownouts that will undermine every aspect of our lives. It’s bad enough when a town or even a city briefly loses power because of a storm, but imagine that occurring on a regular basis because there just aren’t enough utilities generating power!
4) If explicitly warned away from the storm cellar (the sloping mound pictured above), small children will be drawn to it like a moth to a flame.
The first is the BFF, telling me a funny story about how her two-and-a-half-year-old knows the words to Ice Ice Baby. Then, Rich telling me that he really wishes I had more time to work for his coffee company and make a bunch of money. :) The third is Jake Ryan saying he likes the 80′s music that plays when he calls me. The last two are yours. In the first, your inflections prove your affection and in the second, you sing me a song.
Therefore, grey, as we know it, can actually have any undertone,
What to do? What to do?
Professor : Is GOD good ?
Feeding the depositional lobes, the flow ran through these leveed channels. The levees are made up of large scoriaceous blocks on the upper and outer edges, with the finer fill material making up the bulk of the rest. This bimodal size distribution was pretty consistent throughout the deposit. The blocks are mostly scoria with low vesicularity, with fewer red agglutinate blocks which had been eroded from the upper reaches of the volcano. There’s about a meter of relief between the levee edges and channel centre.
Luckily, for reasons that have almost (but not quite) faded into the mists of time, I've known this sweet, egg-headed Essex lad as Daisy since the first time we met in person. And saying that "Daisy's Doing Dinner Tonight" has a nice ring to it, doesn't it?
Abstain from using TV, radio and internet or phone.
Your face is a work of art.
C-CA Cap Anson -$10000
Love!
Jim Lindeman
Just because you will the elements not to destroy you, doesn’t mean they must listen.
Have a great day all.
It's no secret here that I struggle with infertility.
I’m not sure if I can believe that I’m the strongest one anymore. The thing is, I’ve heard about a few students who have decided to not finish out their time with the program, and recently someone who I was very close with here decided to take that step too. They’ve gone home, opting to be with their families, their friends, all things comfortable as opposed to staying in this confusing, unsettling, and sometimes uncomfortable place.
Meanwhile, I am braiding fringe on my chenille shawl---a 16 hour process. Pictures to follow eventually.
I decided to go ahead and break out my Easter/Spring Time decor...the weather has been BEAUTIFUL and so spring like (though today is quite cold and rainy...boo!) Anyway, thought I'd show you what I've got out so far.
Inventive Step
Mr Hardie becomes a natural leader in the lifeboat and this doesn’t sit well with Mrs Grant and her close knit group. Very quickly they are undermining each other and alluding to disaster for others if either person’s ideas are followed. Throughout the novel we have the verbal battles in the lifeboat which mirror those that are taking place in the courtroom, too. This is of course the other side to the story and told in tandem. Both aspects are fantastic and fill in both Grace’s time at sea and her past.
Freddie just finished editing iCarly’s next fake movie trailer. I wonder what it is. Taking KC: TM, The Blowing and Moonlight Twi-blood into consideration, I can’t really make any guesses.
One of my colleagues is off to soon give birth to a wonderful new baby girl....and I wanted to do a baby album. Well Mom loves all things Winnie the Pooh so here are some samples of the pages.
Crazy talk.
The picture shows the old label, by the way.
There's nothing wrong with tooting your own horn to get attention. If you don't have a press agent (and really, who of you does?) then it's going to be mostly up to you to draw attention to whatever it is that you are doing. Don't look at self-promotion as something negative. It's the most common start on the road to success.
Here on the coast of South Carolina, where my wife and I have come for the winter, I devote much of my time to walking the magnificent beaches that define this part of the Atlantic coastline. Gone are the sunbathers of summer, with their beach chairs, their overloaded coolers, and their colorful umbrellas. This is now a place where one can find solitude, a place where memory deepens, a place where we can seemingly reenter the womb of nature from whence we began our journey.
500g piece salmon fillets , skinless
Alexia brings another round and tries to ignore them, their looks and insistent hands. She waltzes effortlessly through the crowd, that´s the trick; never stop, never hesitate.
At our church we often sing the beautiful song by Ron and Carol Harris: “In This Very Room.” It begins, “In this very room there’s quite enough love for one like me.” This song reminds me that although there is great encouragement in gathering with other Christians for worship, the important thing is that Christ is present. But it goes beyond that. He is with us not just at church but in every room of our lives.
"Can I paint my picture of the fish?"
All of this down time has allowed me to do quite a bit of reading.
Lady GaGa is fun, I hope, and the latest thing to hit the pop phenomenon charts in recent times. She doesn’t appear to be a brief encounter on the pop scene and looks like she has more staying power than most would like to give her credit for. Lady Gaga seems to understand that having nice legs and perky breast is not a big deal and an artist has to be more – like almost naked in public – if an artist wants to make it in the competitive world of pop music. If she becomes a vegetarian and takes up yoga early, Lady GaGa will last longer than Madonna’s marriages and most bikini wax jobs.
Stamps: Tea Shoppe
A5 Heroin Clones
In other words, God keeps His promise to remember. He puts us on our honor to remember to be grateful. God kindly cautions us not to forget to be grateful. He puts it succinctly: give thanks.
And more importantly, you need Mother's Day, to show the hard working, beautiful, dedicated mother of your children how much you love and appreciate her.
Jeera/cumin seeds - 1/4 tsp
Now, I don't want to go into the specifics of this book too much, mainly because I haven't read it. However, I do know two things about it. Firstly, it focuses on a woman, who works for a men's magazine, Banter, and her struggle to be accepted in the largely male environment. It's a premise which doesn't sound completely unlike chick-lit, to me. Secondly, it has been reviewed on quite a few 'chick-lit' sites ( I know they're chick-lit sites, because of their names), so presumably it is seen to fit into the genre on some level - although admittedly, this could have happened beacuse of the very thing Polly Courtney was complaining about: namely the way Harper Collins marketed the novel. However, the whole thing has set me thinking. To what extent does the way a book is marketed determine our decision to read. Do we really select a book based on the cover?
heart is totally surrendered to Him and ready to receive His grace? The thought
W. Harold Petersen is a 63-year veteran in the insurance business. He founded the firm Petersen International Underwriters (PIU).
So as you can see we are working on weeding what small weeds are left in the bed. We also are digging the edges out. Notice where the grass is creeping into the asparagus bed. A fresh crisp edge will be dug with the shovel getting rid of all that grass. A layer or rabbit poop laid down and then mulch put over the top of the poop to prevent weed growth and retain moisture during the hot summer months. The rabbit poop will rot down providing the plants with nutrients and enriching the soil. Asparagus are heavy feeders.
Royal Thunder perform a hometown show tomorrow night at The Masquerade as part of the Decibel Magazine Tour. The band has announced two additional dates: June 27 at The Marquis Theater in Denver and July 12 at the Black Sheep in Colorado Springs. Additional tour dates will be announced shortly.
** Possible responses to this challenge – why the "intangibles approach" is of questionable value; ** Restating the challenge to accounting;
I also think it's the point the panelists completely missed, since they bragged about numbers and pointed out the face they would even bar people from commenting, the number of people unfollowing them, and so forth.
In the end I had to walk away from my desk as I needed to get to work LOL - Well, how else I am going to get money to spend on more crafting goodies :)
Hello, I hope you are having a nice week. Life is getting back to normal around my house, after my son's Christmas vacation. I love the time off he has at home with me.
Alas, by this stage, I had recognised that as well as costing me extra money for a container, my take away beer idea was also based on me trying another, and then carting the beer to the supermarket (Sheffield Tap don't sell potatoes and mushrooms; come on lads, make an effort). So I tore myself disappointedly away from the cavalcade of beer and promised myself I would get back tomorrow (which is today, and I haven't).
Liquid pearls in Petal Pink
If anyone is reading this, please let me know if you have any experience with anti-anxiety drugs for your dogs, like Prozac or Xanex. I found this blog today — it’s a little outdated, but interesting nevertheless and something to talk to my vet about.
(1) An affinity group: An affinity group is a group of people you know and trust. Before going to the demo, bring together a group of 2 or more friends and discuss your plans for the day, the tactics you plan on using, how comfortable you are risking arrest, etc. Everyone should have an affinity group, even if its just casual or informal. Once at the march, stick together and try to leave together. If someone has to leave early, make sure they do it safely. Make sure you have each other’s phone numbers. It might be a good idea to pair together more experienced protesters with newers folks. Most importantly, look out for each other.
As they fought to save your life
That’s one of the main reasons I am creating this blog. I hope that as this site grows and others weigh in, that we can together work towards helping help any disfellowshipped person to not go through the anger and depression so hard that it in itself creates a host of whole new problems and guilt to deal with, like it did to me. The other main reason is because I have been hearing the Holy Spirit nudging me towards “going forth” and help with the harvest, as Jesus tells us to do in Mathew 9: 37,38 when speaking of the crowds that were as sheep without a shepard.
NYPD spokesperson Paul J. Brown wrote the following in an e-mail on Tuesday:
If Prime Minister Najib Razak had hoped to ‘wow’ the country with his record-size Bugdet 2012, then he must have been disappointed with the response. Not only were the opposition and independent financial analysts scathing about his lack of long-term planning, the deafening silence from the public gallery could not have gone unnoticed by his peers in Umno.
Spent yesterday hanging out with Jess Hovey and Ryan LaMunyon painting monsters on foam core with acrylic paints for our soon to be window installation at Pinecone+Chickadee for my Monster Show I am throwing May 4th. Still accepting submissions!
Dangerous nationalism overtures
SWEET STUFF for my FOLLOWERS!!! It has been a bit since I offered some SWEET STUFF so no time like the present!!! All you have to do is leave your info with the little Blue Froggy before Wednesday, May 16 at midnight EST and you will be in for the draw. If you don't have a blog just skip over the URL info and you can still leave your info. Hope you like this SWEET STUFF!! Good Luck!!
However, I remain extremely skeptical about "seafaring" Africans (outside of Pharaonic Egyptian culture) in the megalithic era ca. 3000 BC.
Here's what I didn't do....
A more specific restriction on the models’ attire is that no more than two-thirds of their backs should be uncovered. One has to respect the mathematical precision of the ruling. A professor on safari told me that at least six measurements would be required to work out the bare-back ratio. I suppose an eager little fellow with an inch tape will be taking the girls’ dimensions from behind and feeding the data into his programmable calculator. It’s the sort of job any self-respecting geek would pay for the privilege of doing.
These are not rationalist formulae for I leave that to ideologues, but suggestions for creative people to develop in practice. There are countless traditional pubs that need customers now the Government’s totalitarian anti-smoking laws have destroyed their trade that would rent out rooms for performances. New cultural movements grow from joy generated by people with common bonds getting together to produce and enjoy music. They will be able to forge emotional bonds with their culture and begin renewing popular music traditions naturally.
Most importantly, it is primordial, as the bottom of the ocean, the depths of outer space, or the watery womb.
It’s all too much to take. And it’s the worst movie ever made because the actual quality, when compared to the overblown opinion people have of it, creates the largest gap between reality and perception. That’s what makes it bad. If people accepted it for just being a fun (as fun as trivializing the deaths of hundreds of innocent people can be) spectacle, I’d have far less issue with it. In this case, it was a Best Picture winner, beating more deserving movies like L.A. Confidential and Good Will Hunting, both of which had better stories, better acting, and better writing. L.A. Confidential, had it won, might have made a run in this tournament.
A Separation
Bizarre!! And it was still warm. When my boy climbed into my car, he was as awestruck as I was. And let me tell you, it's not very often that my First-Born is lost for words. I think the phrase "talk under water" was created about him! But even he was a bit speechless, although he recovered very quickly and then proceeded to tell me that possibly it meant the dementors from Harry Potter were lurking about so I'd best be careful. And then he grinned at me and said "Oooh are you scared, Mum?" with an evil laugh that only a 14 year old boy can do!
If you are beer drinker and you know London you may differ in opinion to the writers on the best pubs in each area, I was surprised that the Falcon near Clapham Junction wasn't there for example but we all have our own favourites in places. Good book, not pocket sized but definitely handbag sized.
So this is part two of my little story here,( if you missed my last post I’m sure you are clever enough to work out where it is) it will most likely take up the next few posts too … so I apologize if this isn’t really your thing, but I hope you like it. Leave me a comment ( it kinda makes my day) , like, share it , do whatever you want with it ( with in legal reasoning of course!) check out my other blog if you just want random-token-teen-blog type things .
They say that you are your own teacher, and that is true; We learn depending on our own approach and understanding.
The audience sat with baited breath and a touch of knuckle biting.
Be prepared, says Rosemary Haefner, vice president of human resources at CareerBuilder. “With preparation and practice, candidates can greatly improve their interview skills,” she says. Well-prepared job seekers are more confident, articulate and relaxed — and therefore less susceptible to error — than those who aren’t.
Jose R. Rojas arrived at his office in Coral Gables, Florida on Friday carrying a bag full of a deadly array of tools including duct tape, a wooden mop handle and a pellet gun, which he had bought on his way in to work, police said.
The main focus it seemed was in getting my pain under control. No matter what they tried, the sharp stabbing pains typical of those associated with PE were ever present and made it nearly impossible to sleep. I finally managed to drift off sometime around midnight until the pain returned at 4:00 AM. Little did I know that I was done sleeping for the night as the nursing staff did all they could to provide me with relief but nothing seemed to help. I was a complete mess!
The question was: What do the cowboys in Lori and Katie's books drive?
Years ago, I did a PhD on literature that was mostly anonymous. I knew nothing at all about the authors I was spending my life with. Of course they had voices in my head, and I felt close to those (dead) people I spent years with. But I knew I invented their voices. It's different when the voice is a real one - one I might have heard earlier in the day in Waterstone's coffee shop or on the phone (or on radio 4).
That’s an interesting legal question that I have to research: If property is taken by eminent domain, but the existing loan was not paid off with the moneys from the city, does the lender have the right to go after the homeowner for the deficiency? My guess (not a legal opinion, however,) is yes.
1/4 cup amaranth flour
While in the army, I worked on and finally completed my undergraduate degree in history with a minor in political science. I went on to obtain my Master’s Degree in history and taught history and political science at the community college level for ten years before finally leaving the choking confines of government education to explore other trades.
Things eventually take a turn for the worst, as is to be expected, and we get our first glimpse of a walker in our midst. Not going into too much detail of how, when and where this first interaction confronts us, it does eventually lead us down the path to finding the game’s other protagonist, the young girl, Clementine.
Now it is 2012... yes really, how did we get there so soon you ask? We have travelled in time to reach this point so your topic this week is 'Travel through time to 2012'. This could include various things including flying, time, travel, steampunk even... you get the picture... just include something to show how we got to this New Year.
Gus Gus Believe IS
Kirby declined to detail what he said were other problems with the course, called “Perspectives on Islam and Islamic Radicalism.”
A professor from the University of Kansas has published a paper about flirting. He identifies five main methods, ranging from “traditional” (man makes first move and behaves with impeccable manners) to “physical” (woman brushes buttocks against man’s thigh, causing him to gnash teeth and grab her jahoobies).
6. Web leads are reluctant to share contact information Another issue FSBOs must face is that most Web buyers are reluctant to provide contact information to a stranger, especially during the search process. Instead, buyers identify homes they want to see and then normally contact a single agent who can show them everything they want to see, not just a single home.
HP) Hard working, Attentive, Free.
One bad experience and it ruins it for the whole gang.
spend the night there in a B & B, should be fun.
The memo puts all control in the hands of Admiral McRaven – the “timing, operational decision making and control” are all up to McRaven. So the notion that Obama and his team were walking through every stage of the operation is incorrect. The hero here was McRaven, not Obama. And had the mission gone wrong, McRaven surely would have been thrown under the bus.
You will note, however, that he didn't give up altogether. Oh no. Not this boy. Man. Whatever. No, he just went shopping for the branch that WAS the right fit for him. He found that with the Army. And so he took the physical. Signed the paperwork. Swore the Oath. Chose a career. Received a deployment date for basic training. He made it completely official.
When you approach your target and engage in conversation it is important to actively listen and acknowledge what is being said. Women want to feel recognition and listening enables you to provide this basic need. Listening also allows you to understand their perception, feel their emotions and hear what they are trying to say.
Your eternal self speaks.
A: From a business point of view, there are two reasons to start a blog. One is as a marketing tool to bring exposure, credibility and clientele to an existing business - for instance, using a blog about gardening to promote a local plant nursery.
And take a few minutes to head over to Ashley's for lots more hunting fun:
Perhaps for an additional fee, members get to train directly outside the gym.
My dad has always been unique. Always different in a good way. It's no wonder his cancer is just as unique as he is!
With gaming in particular, I’m also pretty hesitant as to seeing this as a good thing. With all the AAA titles pushing and pushing in the graphics department, we have really seen things like gameplay and story suffer for it. After all, all the new games we get out in recent years have basically been “set pieces”, where you go from place to place admiring the hard work and amazing graphics without really playing the game; the Call of Duty and Final Fantasy (the recent ones) franchises are two notable examples of this. This is also causing a big problem in the industry, where making games is becoming too expensive. I am still fiercely against the $60 price tag, but I understand that this is not going away as long as games cost so much and take so much time to make. The problem with this is that because of the enormous price tag, it is getting too difficult to push the envelope, due to the costs and the risk (loss) that comes when the game bombs. That is why we are getting so much of the same game-wise recently.
Oh yea the other bad thing is they guy that hit them had no insurance. But my daughter had full coverage.
Marc Edwards, Lieutenant of the British army, raised in privilege, continues to court Beth Smallman. Although she is outspoken on the financial situation with the merchants and farmers he finds himself making compromises. While considering a wedding date Edwards has concerns of uprooting her from Upper Canada to some far off country: the British colonies in Van Damien’s Land, India or the Caribbean.
So he stuck his head in the sand.
In the last 25 years I have been asked thousands and thousands of fitness related questions. Invariably the most prominent question is, with their hand patting their tummy, how do I lose this? My answer is the same every-time. Eat less (portion size in each setting), eat more often with protein and carbs combined together, and eat higher quality less processed foods.
My brother's doin' bad, stole my mother's TV
So, other than the $10 late fee, how has this clutter cost anything?? Well, a couple of days ago, I was pulled over for having expired plates...$105! :-( Not my best day, but when you live in clutter, it's a risk you take!
I have a few gorgeous goodies to show you today and I'm quite excited to show you! Firstly some of the things I've bought my little ladies for Christmas, yes I know it's early! All of this came from Cottontails Baby (blog here). Do have a look, the website is gorgeous and Charlotte who is behind it all is lovely. This is little one's main present, an absolutely divine wooden baking set. It came in a nice box but of course I had to open it and check it all over, heehee! The swiss roll is in three sections so it can be "cut up" and the rectangular cake and cupcakes come in sections.
This means that our contemporary evangelical churches must continue to take responsibility and carry the load for evangelism and mission in urban communities. Thankfully, many churches have not forgotten or lost their passion and vision for evangelism and outreach. As Christ’s visible Church triumphant in North American society, we must remember and carry out Jesus’ Great Commission from Matthew 28:19-20, “Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit, 20 teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you”.
What's it like for you to begin preparing for your time on the show to come to a close?
Not Teddy, for whom the marking of territory wasn't an agenda item, even under Other Business. He squatted like a girl and emptied his considerable bladder all in one spot, and that was all the territory he asked for. If any other dog, including the grumpy scruffy little terrier Muttley from next door invaded our garden, Ted adopted a commendably Taoist approach. In Muttley's case, he ignored him, as if he were another species entirely which, given Ted's genes and those of Muttley, I sometimes suspected to be the case.
Now, on to this week’s regimen. I ran another 18 miles yesterday beginning once again at the 9 mile mark of the race and continuing into Boston. I felt pretty good and covered the distance in 2:31:22 on a running clock. With that training pace, I am right where I want to be heading into the home stretch of training and race preparation.
“oh… haha yeah…” I laughed, dejectedly. I hadn’t even considered that the daily preparation of cutting up cucumbers could serve as a potential gating item to my fantasy.
Matthew Isaiah turned 6 years old today! What a blessing it is and such a miracle. I know that most people when their kids have a birthday, they are so happy and think back over the last year. Some people, like us, view each day and YEAR as MIRACLES given to us from GOD. Most of you probably know our sons miracle story, so I will only BRIEFLY give you some of what happened those early days of his little life. Our son was born after WONDERFUL 39 weeks of being in my body. It has always been such a blessing for me to carry my babies for 39 weeks. I KNOW how it is to lose babies before they are ready to be born. So, when we were pregnant with Matthew, we felt so blessed and happy, just ready for our baby. Our pregnancy was as perfect as the first pregnancy. We eagerly awaited his arrival and planned his c-section to happen on May 21, 2004. Wow, we were so excited and ready. On that morning, we got wheeled into the OR ready to have our baby and at 8:54am, our son MATTHEW ISAIAH was born…he was beautiful…he gave a CRY…they took him away to clean him up and as they were putting me under to finish me up, I heard someone say, “he is not changing color’…I didn’t know what that meant…until a nurse came into my recovery cubical and said, ‘where is Mr. Gonzalez? Your baby has a heart defect & serious lung damage and needs to be transferred NOW” and walked out. The next couple of hours were every parents NIGHTMARE…knowing that EVERYTHING was out of your control and you were given a prognosis from the pedi cardiologist that he “didn’t think he would make the transport” he was that critical…that your newborn baby was at a different hospital from me, the mommy and that he was undergoing emergency heart cath and open heart surgery at 8 hours old because they found out that he had a rare heart defect called TOTAL ANOMALOUS PULMONARY VENOUS RETURN (TAPVR)…unless you have been thru this, you have absolutely NO IDEA what we were thinking or feeling…I can’t even TELL you what kind of thoughts were going thru our head. All we could do is PRAY and ask others to PRAY for our son…and they DID…we had sooo much support and sooo many PRAYERS for this little boy from all over the world…I remember being given a private room when there were NO PRIVATE ROOMS on the post partum floor…and KNOWING that that happened because they felt things were not going to go well…I remember TRYING to use a pump to express milk and crying because I didn’t LIKE to use those !@#$$ pumps and HAVING to….and just praying and waiting for the phone calls from James to let me know how things were going during his surgery….and being told that it was SUPPOSE to be a 4 hour surgery but instead, because of excess bleeding, he had to go thru the surgery AGAIN to stop the bleeding and it took a total of 8 hours…of being wheeled into the PICU on a vent and the ECMO machine…a VERY sick little boy….the prognosis of UNKNOWN….of him being taken off ECMO at 5 days old and told that there was a 1% chance of survival (and that was being nice) because he was blue again…the color of purple/blue color…of watching and KNOWING that your beautiful baby boy could be GONE by the days’ end….of finally being able to hold your baby boy…of loving on him, talking to him and just PRAYING over him…and the memories continue to be BRIGHT and STRONG in my mind….we witnessed a MIRACLE that day when by the GRACE OF GOD, he DID NOT pass away like EVERYONE thought…that by the GRACE OF GOD, he continued to survive, defy and to PROVE every doctor wrong that because of that, doctors couldn’t GIVE me a prognosis for him because they NEVER knew what Matthew would DO! 98 days in the PICU….98 days of him fighting for his life and him DAZZLING the staff with his beautiful smile and spirit….
252No pulse that riots, and no blood that glows.
No job to go to ‘spousal roles’. Is code modern form of ‘to spend more time with my family’, or rather My wife loves me but Steve Hilton and David Cameron don’t.
Second email listed all the movies and box sets we have. I am keeping 29. He gets the rest. Again, a lot more for him.
Reference
Awww, how sweet, a little chick has just popped out of his shell! Now that cracks me up! hahahahahhehehehehe. To make my crack line match up with the chick's original shell, I just place my egg blank over the original and followed the crack with the line tool. The flower on the left hand side is hiding a brad that lets the lid swivel.
Anyway, it was this book that brought me my first big break. Her name is Jenny Rappaport, and she's an agent in New York. I actually found her the old fashioned way: query, then 3 chapters, then the whole manuscript, then months of agonizing, then a phone call.
Atleo, in a few short years has all but destroyed this unity and has, in essence, gone rogue. While Harper exercises fierce dictatorial control over his MPs and uses the politics of fear to control citizens, Atleo instead opts for a more Lone Ranger approach with similar results. Atleo is advancing his own agenda and according to many Chiefs, he is doing so without properly consulting them. This is a different claim than had Atleo been simply disagreeing with them. The political charge is that he is off making deals, cozying up to Harper, and agreeing to things like National Panels and CFNGs without consulting with the people he is supposed to represent.
PAUL McCANDLESS oboe, bass clarinet
Getting on…. The title is Epic Fails or like embarrassing moments of anyone… Well recently, I’ve been doing things that are like totally fails. xD she actually said something to me though xD
And when you walk out the scratch remains the best
Think of it this way, you hate the morning because it takes you out of your dreams, comfy bed, and safety of the blankets. That is the only reasons why you really hate mornings most likely. It’s an irrational hate, because mornings are just a time of day. Getting up and moving clears up the fog in your head from your dream state.
“Stevon!” I whispered once his master was well out of earshot, “What’s wrong?”
(And Tyler dancing on the table, but that's another tale!)
There’s a lot more in the original piece, but the main point is that feminists wanted this to happen, and women today can decide for themselves whether they like the results of feminism. I know one thing for sure – no Christian man wants to marry a woman who engages in recreational sex outside of marriage. It ruins a woman’s capabilities in a host of areas necessary for love, marriage and parenting, not the least of which is trust. A woman has to stop this behavior and put on chastity in order to stand any chance of having a successful marriage, in my opinion.
About the blog:
Rumi – The Essential Rumi – Coleman Barks
He looks to me and says, "Well that's the main reason I woke you up. I didn't want you freaking out, thinking you were just farting in the middle of the night, and then it ends up you shit yourself, not just poo, but orange-yellowish oil that you can't control. There seems to be a consensus between 30 minutes and 36 hours for you to process this."
But that’s not all, because once you step inside any of the iconic casino hotels, you will be taken to an entirely different universe. Hop from one hotel to the next. Rub elbows with the Romans at Caesars Palace, ride a gondola at the Venetian, go up the Eiffel Tower at the Paris Casino Resort, walk across the Brooklyn Bridge at the New York-New York hotel and casino, dine with Pharoah at the Luxor, go back to medieval time at Excalibur, and party like a rock star at the Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino. There’s actually more, but you have to experience them for yourself.
I got a few more apples processed today. Still have lots left, but I’m whittling them down a little at a time. It’s harder to do a large batch in the middle of the week when we’re doing school and, well, you know – life!
Since I took those pictures, I have already accomplished a LOT in the yard. A lot of the random wood scraps are picked up and I've already bagged several bags of garbage. It is a little tricky, since here in Canada you can't just haul things away to the dump like you can in the States. Everything has to be separated and either taken to its respective place or picked up. They are pretty picky, so I am having to learn a lot about the system as I go!
since July 4th, 2008. (NOTE: had planned to move our offices to Moore County, to a new building
This last one is one that I find people under utilize in storyboarding, to be honest. If you ever find yourself storyboarding a sequence (or animating one, for that matter) and the viewer isn't quite connecting with the character, and isn't totally clear on what's going on inside the character's mind - what they are feeling and thinking - maybe you're not using the shifts in Squash and Stretch properly to clue the viewer in to what emotional changes the character is going through.
I tried many seeds in the raised bed – okura, tomato, carrot…. Nothing germinated. But one day these incredibly strong seeds appeared to germinate – and so quickly – bitter gourd. I had tried sowing them in this spot, but they also could have come from the compost as I had bought the vegetable at Tesco, eaten them and composted the seeds. Of course, at this time I had no idea what they were. They are climbers, and eventually they took over the entire pergola. They fruited like crazy for two months, and I cooked them, froze them, juiced them, and eventually cut down the vines and composted them once their lifespan was complete. The biggest success so far.
It’s dark outside! What’s up with that?
Now that is the crux of my problem. If I could find a way to more closely integrate what I feel with what I know, I think I would make a great deal of progress.
The other half will think she is a slut but wonder where she bought that blouse.
Yippee! Another new tutorial up!
To me, Dave is a bit different than the rest of the jam band scene in that his lyrics are pretty important (and I don't think he gets the credit he deserves for being pretty heavy and dark). Also, he keeps the songs relatively short (at least in the studio) and tuneful... hence, he has a ton of hit singles. Hence, his appeal to soccer moms. He isn't a metal dude or a punk dude or an "alternative" dude or an indie rocker. He's a regular guy with a kind of awkward sensibility. I'm not the hugest fan: I have most of his studio albums and some live ones. I don't need to have every one. I rarely see his concerts - the long jams just aren't my thing. But I have a ton of respect for the guy, he deals with his stardom as well as probably anyone. He enjoys it, but doesn't let it dictate what he does creatively. I've had the pleasure of interviewing him, and he seems to be a great guy.
As for VOM, they need to come clean before God and man, and put in a council of truly godly apostles in the leadership, with full accountability to one another. Because the end, even if it appears to be a good work will never justify the means, when sin in ministry is involved.
The rain clouds of the morning had passed, leaving patchier and more dramatic cousins behind. A slight breeze wafted in the wide expanse of the open hangar door. The faint odor of old hydraulic fluid and axle grease mingled with the smell of the cool, damp concrete. It was peaceful and the temperature was just right.
So far this year I haven't quite stuck to my guns when it's come to Brew Year's Resolutions, namely in the "post better, more often" category. Well, I've had a few thoughts swirling around in my mind over the past week that I want to get up here, but they're a bit all over the place and can't be condensed into one post. So, just as an FYI, there will be a decent amount of beer news coming up in the next few days, and some thoughts on which direction the blog will be heading for the next several months.
Cheese
Okay. So Republicans are “killing Americans.” But other than that they’re decent people. Really.
· If you have been denied insurance due to health reasons, you can seek out an impaired risk specialist who has experience in obtaining coverage for individuals who pose an increased risk. These advocates are generally free of charge since they receive a commission from the insurance company with whom they pair you.
This season of Justified has really been a study in character with Quarles. When once he started out as a cool as f–k, city gangster, with sharkskin suits and inscrutable expressions, he devolved very quickly into an Oxy-smoking, teenager-beating, gun-wielding maniac, an angry, terrified dog likely to attack without warning at any time. It’s as if this is what the show is saying Harlan does to people. There’s a corruptive quality to the area that pervades everything it touches. And, therefore, it becomes even more impressive that Raylan has been able to stay as strong as he has for so long.
I am enjoying the peace after a very hectic first half of 2011, before it gets busy again.
Whether you're a size 10 or a size 18 it doesn't necessarily mean you're healthy or unhealthy. If someone tries to tell you that they're exhausted and that they don't get to eat properly, it's probably an indicator that they're not healthy. Why do we have to comment on people's weight at all? Why can't we ask each other how we feel and focus on that.
Regarding the second proposition, I admit that I can no longer support my post about yogurt-making, and must cast it off like a molted snake skin, or like an old chrysalis that was merely the transitory vessel toward a higher and lighter existence. At the time of writing ‘TPoYM’, I had long enjoyed the taste and various uses of yogurt, and was happy to find a cheap, local, environmentally-friendly way of making this substance for myself. I was also relieved of the guilt of buying yogurt in the ubiquitous single-serving plastic containers in which it is obtained. This is in fitting with one of my most popular earlier posts, Invective Against Plastic. However, I have come to realize that dairy products are both unnatural for human consumption, and just as exploitative of animals, if not more so. I had originally ignored the ramifications of the dairy industry, with the false assumption that, since the animal is not being killed or eaten, but only having its natural milk used, then it was not bad. I have corrected this mistake.
"I just had to clean the floor! That Mr Hasselhoff couldn't make it to the sink!"
The second problem was requiring all roads regardless of traffic , to be laid out at standard low maintenance high cpital costs standards. Which at then time he considered unnecessary
But baby, that’s just me
(5) Charles Smith
Teuscher
So people will no longer be afraid of their own fear,
As I had said I would in my antecedent column on this topic, I bought this on day one. The aboriginal affair I noticed was, abreast from the college resolution, and the backup of old RareWare and Nintendo logos with new Attenuate and Microsoft ones, was that the aperture was basically identical as the original's. Aloft sound, aloft presentation, and the 4J logo absolute cleverly replaces the N64 logo afore acceptable the accomplishments for the title… but you aren't annual this to acquisition out about the logos, are you?
To what extent the basic epistemological positions (materialism, idealism) are consequences of evaluations: the source of the supreme feelings of pleasure ("feelings of value") as decisive also for the problem of reality!
Graham Hawkes and his wife Karen have set up a “flight school” for submarines as a way of attracting new clients. Many of the customers are enormously wealthy CEOs. Virgin founder Richard Branson, for example, recently purchased one of Hawkes’ Merlin submarines, which the billionaire now rents out to visitors on his private Caribbean isle of Necker Island for $25,000 a week.
10. Montage du Filet
Today’s Question: Where was the first US Embassy located?
Yes. A tween, a fetus with a license is bellowing at me, a driver who narrowly avoids the recycling bin, and he’s shouting about my driving and where I got my license. Adding other lovely colorful colloquiums I’m sure he’s heard his father shout at his mother because it was the only thing this broken condom was screaming at me was WHORE.
The third major center for ship building was Narsapurpeta (near Masulipatnam) port – which was a major center of exports of steel, diamonds, saltpetre (potassium nitrate, for gunpowder, to kill Indians, ‘Negroes’, Aborigines and ‘Red Indians’ with) from the Deccan plateau.
Since my LIVE chain heal still consumes riptide, I probably won’t be using it much until Mists, but it’s nice to gain appreciation for a little-used spell functionality.
Preparations for our move continue. As I go through cabinets and drawers deciding what to take and what to jettison, I stumble upon across occasional little gems. I broke out into a smile when I found nearly hundred year old sheet music for The Moon Shines on the Moonshine.
I smile as I reflect on the fact that she has now
Ingredients Needed
Sheathed in gloom and an anxious countenance ;
Dante degli Alighieri (1265-1321) Italian poet wrote The Divine Comedy (1309-1320) an epic poem that describes his spiritual journey through Hell and Purgatory and finally to Paradise. (What’s love have to do with it?)
I do hope you have all enjoyed your Easter, and welcome to another challenge here at Lexi's Creations.
Animal control suggested spraying them with a mixture of ammonia and pepper. That didn’t sound good for the raccoons or me. I just want them to leave, I was not interested in hurting them.
They have also expressed, “We cannot just protect the 6 members of 2PM, and hope that the continuous withdrawal of Jaebum does not happen again”.
I remember when you unfastened
Hi, Sister. My roommate is driving me crazy. (And vice versa.) Any saints for us?
My room was okay, I knew that I would only be staying some days there, so nothing to complain about
Pages read since last update: 38
I've said this before and I'll say it again...Newton Abbot
In the early 90s I used to work in Brent where Ken was MP for Brent East.
After this, we walked along the Seine towards Herblay. Two things amused me - the number of beautiful flowers, and the variety of mailboxes we found. Most of the permenantly moored boats had their own special green boxes, like in this picture:
With the exception of Hamilton, I absolutely love the cast. Sandra is beyond cute, and not only is she funny, she's also very believable. As for Celeste Holm... well, I can't think of a single movie that I don't like her in. However, Hamilton, while pulling off some very funny scenes successfully (his "sessions" with the psychiatrist are some high points), still doesn't impress me. His portrayal didn't make it easy to see why Heather fell for Wycliff. Bill Bixby, Dick Kallman, and Dwayne Hickman, on the other hand, steal the show as Heather's neighbor, voice teacher/arranger, and actor buddy, respectively. Each one is in love with her, and they're all hilarious. During one especially good scene, they provide some welcome relief by having quite a violent fight in Heather's backyard. While Sandra and Celeste are having a serious mother-daughter talk, the boys can be heard and seen through the door behind them: shouting and rolling all over one another.
anything wrong with that, I am just saying that you would need to also include the democrats in your rant. The GOP hates seeing these guys get paid for success just like you and the democrats.
For me, it's always about starting with myself first. Changing how I view certain things. In this instance asking oneself
This is how my cake comes out. A patchy marbled mudcake complete with a jam swirl. Oh dear… My cake is bleeding…
It took me several goes to even realise that the coupons could be redeemed. And even longer to notice that they only had a two week life span. The first £10 voucher* therefore was already invalid. The next couple of circa £2 vouchers got lost. Today its another £2.52.
08 Symphony
Maybe you would prefer to camp on the beach? Only $10 per night--pick your own spot as long as it doesn't say "No Camping Here".
She loves her Kraft CS, which I never use as I am not a Brown girl, (metaphorically speaking) but as I so often belabour I am open minded to everything.
and it turned quite nice if I may say so :D.
Our motto is “protecting civil liberties everywhere by protecting them at home.”
3.Do not forget that you are both diseased persons, full of infirmities; and therefore expect the fruit of those infirmities in each other; and do not act surprised about it, as if you had never known of it before. Decide to be patient with one another; remembering that you took one another as sinful, frail, imperfect persons, and not as angels, or as blameless and perfect. (18)
Clouds Woodware
A friend of mine who is an academic social scientist likes to say that if you want to know what people believe, there are two methods of inquiry: (A) ask them, or (B) observe their behavior. It's a depressing fact about human nature that if you apply both (A) and (B) to a given situation, the answers you get will not necessarily be the same. Whether we are, as our current Attorney General said, a nation of cowards about race, I don't know; but looking at those residential and educational patterns, it's awfully hard to deny that we are a nation of liars.
All attic’d overhead with my pretenses,
Total : $45 .00 Amount Saved : $200 .00
We stayed at a resort in Jindabyne, and drove into the Kosciuszko National Park twice, to the snow fields at Perisher. Despite being the end of the season, there was plenty of white stuff to play in ... just a little icy and slushy at the base of the hill. The roads were clear and dry, not crowded, which made the trip a 20 minute breeze compared to Pete's tales of 3 hour bumpy rides using chains in a crawling stream of traffic.
NO. WRONG.
"Eye of newt, and toe of frog,
Two interesting things to note from this chart. First, that the numbers are fudged since the chart puts the United States at the incorrect 8-9% media use figure, instead of the 14-15% honest unemployment rate. Second, that the nations with the highest rates of unemployment growth and GDP shrinkage, are in fact the heavily socialized EURO states that have essentially walked right into the current recession due to government largesse and citizenry benefits of a royal-scale.
After spending quite an amount of time in the Revolution, then taking you to church, I'm taking it easy on you (and me, for that matter) and focusing on New York in the movies.
Rain pattered down on Godl's head, carrying with it the cool green mutterings of the god Chaac that drifted out of the sky. The jaguar moved not a muscle, his blocky head a graven image amongst the leaf shadows. The occasional blink and breath was the only sign Godl was alive. He had been days on the ridge, and hunger was calling his name.
I'm going to rethink my initial 5 cats, 8 dogs and 12 chickens option. It seems better somehow.
Fried eggs (optional)
Observation: Since we believe that angels are sent to free us from the prison of our sinful behavior, shouldn’t we hear this scripture passage about taking our position in the temple? Specifically, if I have been liberated from my sin, shouldn’t I be taking my position in the church that I am called to take to follow the direction that is given to me from these verses.
A murder-suicide (May 4,1998) involving the Swiss Guard that rocked the Vatican in a mystery worthy of a Dan Brown thriller is back in the spotlight after Pope Benedict XVI was asked to intervene and reopen the case.
there is just the spaciousness
Most of these need no explanation.
Anyways, got one outfit from last week to share with you. With my beloved zebra tunic from d.i.a. which is one of my favourite pieces of my whole wardrobe.
I just need a few days, ok?
The posting contains a load of potentially damaging nonsense, and is nothing more than a character-assassination of Adriana Striujt, the lady who manages the list of murdered South African farmers. The latest list, which can be viewed here (as of 22-02-2011) is the same list this Rooster character is trying to rip to shreds.
Lulu – Where art thou? I hope the best for you young lady.
So, how was my first week of high school, one may ask. And so I answer: It was bad. For the most part, I had no friends at this totally different high school. Everyone from my middle school, except me and a couple of others, had gone to another high school. So it was just me, and my two girl friends. The worst thing was that neither of them had classes with me. So I was the shy kid, not speaking to anyone when really I wanted to scream and laugh and talk. I'm in the third week, I still feel kind of like a loser, but I have a couple of friends in each class, a hot guy to crush on, and interesting lessons, so high school isn't a total flop. What about you guys? Any advice? How's school going for you (if you're still in school, that is)?
Why should companies be concerned about this? Enter the importance of relationships. Once the hurdle of satisfying producer needs in the areas of product, strong financial ratings, competitive compensation, and underwriting have been overcome, companies need to work hard to distinguish themselves from the competition.
I love all the characters ( and there are lots). I love how there is constantly something going on. I love Ash. I love how even though there are mushy parts, they somehow fit this series and still make it fun. I love the balance between summer and winter. I love the cover.I love the glamour.
“Nothing’s good for my parents.” His voice was toneless. “Look, Julien, we can talk about this in the morning. I need to go to bed.”
I had a pretty bad case of the winter blah's and I didn't even know it! I have been pretty bummed with the way things have been going... I've been miserable being a (mostly) stay at home mom and I was having a little bit of self-hatred for it. I wasn't motivated to keep a clean(ish) house and I was succumbing to my inner slob (letting things pile up uncontrollably just so I'd have a big project to tackle later which always makes ones self-esteem go up, right? What? Other people aren't like that?). Can we talk about the amount of self-loathing that comes when you have, essentially, one task at your job that you should love with all your heart and you're really not liking it all that much? oy.
Okay, SUPER fun image to share with you today from the upcoming Kraftin' Kimmie release (which is this coming Sunday, BTW). I'm no ornithologist, so I drew coloring inspiration from ... Rio!
“April is a wonderful month to have a baby. Everything is so fresh and pretty in the Spring. However, it stormed all day and all night when I went to the hospital to have you. When I was in the delivery room the lights flickered out a few times and I was getting scared. Even the doctor said he hoped you would get here before the electricity failed for good.”
Apparel
O how I love Jesus
The Cook, The Thief, His Wife & Her Lover (John Wilson)
P.S. I need hair advice! I'm kind of addicted to dying my hair, but have been very successful at resisting the temptation for many months now. Thankfully, my highlights have grown out in a somewhat-acceptable fashion, since ombre hair color is in. But I'm very tempted at the moment to go way blonde. What are your thoughts? What are your fall hair color plans?
Meanwhile I'm back to sewing, which is one good thing, anyway! I should have new rag quilts and other goodies soon. I'll post again when I have new items listed.
Thank you for letting me share my RD with you; I hope you enjoyed reading about all the details of our big-night-before-the-big day :) I truly am so thankful for such a perfect evening spent with all my favorite people.
I am simply not a morning person, and I’m often so busy that 750 words seem insurmountable when I finally do sit down to write. At the end of the day after my teaching and service obligations have been met, I’m usually fried. So in order to maintain my writing pace (which is, albeit, slow), my
I emailed the group and they said "Sure! Of course! Just come by and meet us so we can get to know you and then you can help out however you want!" AWESOME! So on Monday I venture out to the address they gave me and find myself at the door of a Hindu temple! Intrigued, but obviously wary, I proceeded by the help of a shoeless devotee who led me to a multipurpose room where I joined him in his shoelessness and bore whitness to some kind of song and dance ritual that was being enacted by three young men before the statue of a deity in the corner of the room. (Shout out to Dr. Gill and his Global Religions class!! I was able to pretend I knew what was going on!) I was introduced to Veda Vidya, an extremely kind man who asked how I heard about Food For Life and where I'm from and yada yada yada. Then he told me all about their mission. Obviously, Food For Life was founded from a Hindu tradition, although it is not affiliated with a specific church or religion. Now, Hindus choose not to eat meat, not only because they believe in reincarnation and don't want to risk consuming their grandmother, but as Veda explained they believe the food you put into your body is what you offer up to God. Literally like your body is a temple. Therefore they choose to offer up only the purest, freshest, most love-filled foods through the vessel of their bodies. And they take the utmost care and pour the utmost love into all the foods that they prepare to distribute so that the people receiving those offerings will in turn be filled with purity and love that they can radiate out to those in their own world. Like it or not, I found it to be a beautiful philosophy. Veda was the nicest guy too, and gave me so much of his time and attention that I even felt comfortable enough to ask him about the ritual the men were practicing and a little bit about their faith. He ended up talking to me for over an hour! It wasn't until my long walk home that I realized I'd just had an hour and a half conversation about the nature of the soul TOTALMENTE EN CASTILLANO!
The story begins with an allusion to Ishmael from Moby Dick, as well as a nod to the biblical Jonah, who warns the city of Nineveh of impending doom. The narrator, John/Jonah (but not Sam, mind you!), is a midget, and this factors heavily into the warped narrative that follows. John begins his story by narrating how much his life had changed after he was introduced to the religion of Bokonism on the (fictional) Caribbean island of San Lorenzo. John at first was interested in narrating the history of the atomic bomb and he attempts to contact a (fictional) co-creator of the bomb, Dr. Felix Hoenikker. However, Dr. Hoenikker has died and it is his youngest son, Newt, who writes back to John, telling of his father's experiences the day that the bomb was dropped at Hiroshima:
-If I watch shows like Baby Story on TLC, I cry my eyes out at the joy and elation that those families are experiencing...emotions that were not present in our room when Brenna was born, that were drowned out by confusion and anxiety.
This album displays the melody ‘polyphonic’ unique three Spanish composers that have elements in their own way and different musical arrangements with each other.
I was told after my surgery at the age of 18 if I wanted any children I had better do it soon. I had surgery once a year. When my stomach started hurting really bad I knew it was always time to go see the surgeon again. I was told right after my first surgery I would have a hysterectomy within 10 years. It was a lot to go through being a newly married person. I was in college at the time, too, which I ended up not finishing. My husband has been great through all of it. Any other man would have left long ago.
Over 20 days, this column visited 10 states — Colorado, Maryland, New Hampshire, New Jersey, North and South Carolina, Pennsylvania, Vermont, Virginia, West Virginia — and Washington, D.C., mostly on back roads, often in town squares, listening to how people feel about themselves and their country.
I love this kid. :)
12) The Big Bang Theory and Modern Family
1. Economic revival of downtown. This is pretty much a given. If there were enough investors, the space would ideally provide new business spaces for lease, and new jobs. It would also bring more people downtown after 5pm when offices are closed.
To aid the airflow, you would inject the flow from the slot in an area downstream on the wings surface where the boundary has slowed and thickened. On a front wing this would arguably be somewhere on the flap towards its trailing edge.
To me, parenting is all about the relationships. A child's relationship with a parent is the first and likely the longest one he will have in his life.
621399 Offices of all other miscellaneous health practitioners
As the police stated a few days ago, they cannot 'ban' EDL demonstrations as they are not POLITICAL events such as those of the NF - this was a clear signal to the EDL that they have appeared to have missed.
So… not a good week, as you can see.
-”I’m not sure he will.”
I managed to do a lot of washing throughout Monday night as I couldn't sleep. Just as well as the water went off early on Tuesday. But the garden has been neglected. So I was up as soon as it started to get light this morning. I spent nearly two hours giving it a good soaking. I was just about to take a shower. Turned on the tap...and nothing.
In a small saucepan melt the butter over medium heat, then add the onion and saute until they become soft. Add all the remaining ingredients and stir until well blended. Bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce heat, stirring frequently, simmer uncovered for about 20 minutes until the mixture has thicken.
Belgian photographer Frieke Janssens has created a rather controversial collection of children portraits. The incredible series entitled “Smoking Kids” captures the little ones puffing away in different eras, from times when it was stylish to when it was less attractive.
Dr Rock – Ween
Plus: A package of our Brighton Beach White 8.5x11 Cardstock - awesome cardstock for Copic colorers or any stamping project, a package of our Summer Lime 8.5x11 Cardstock (a wonderful, bright & happy color for spring and summer projects!) and Summer Lime polka dot ribbon.
Background on MKK
Nevertheless, it seems to me that for the last 50 years, the American Jewish community, particularly through its organized expression, has been drawing down its credit through massive entries on the debit side, just as American blacks have since the 60s. I no longer care how many Jewish doctors save lives, Jewish scientists discover new particles and Jewish violinists provide transporting experiences, when Jews are at the spearhead of every corrosive movement turning the United States into a slipshod third world Babel of the equally ignorant yahoos brimming with self-esteem but disdaining whitey, his Constitution and his Shakespeare.
Next week, these instructions will be supplemented by an instruction to show up with at least 10 open inventory slots, for reasons discussed below!
No, I'm not talking about processed and canned meat. I'm talking about unsolicited email messages. Why must I spend half an hour each morning day clearing out my inbox of crazy offers I cannot refuse? Viagra for only 2 cents a pill, instructions on how I can cut my mortgage in half, regrow my hair, grow my penis 7 inches over night, and meet the woman of my dreams... I just don't need any of these things! Honestly! Don't believe me? Well, I'm still young enough to get it up, don't have a mortgage, I look good without hair (or at least I don't care...), my penis is more than sufficient (some would say the best they have ever had... others would say the worst, so on average; not bad), and call me old fashioned, but I'm not really keen to import a wife.
May God bless you abundantly,
Anyways other things that have gone on this week are watching kids. I also got seeds for my garden and I’m SO excited about it. I cannot wait to plant them. I just have to figure out logistics of what to plant where. And I also will be helping my friend do a garden too! Its exciting. Tonight the boy and I watched the 4 kids while our friends went out. It was so crazy and loud and we finally got them to bed so we are watching Wallace and gromit on netflix. Cute. Hopefully I will have some reviews written tomorrow and I am excited for things that will be coming up in the next few weeks. I really want to go thrifting for books but that time will come soon.
time
What a powerful image of GOD reaching out to man, Reaching out to me
there was just milk in the cupboard
Tis hard to except it when it seems like yesterday I was still a tween.
Functionally al Qaeda draws most of its operatives from the Arab world (although it has connections to many organizations globally) which means that the bulk of the sociology within al Qaeda is Arab. In the Arabic world the top-down mentality has been present from its inception in the ancient hydraulic empires which inculcates a 'yes-man' mentality and one that seeks to shift blame from oneself to others. As described in the program on the Discovery Channel, OBL demanded the absolute truth from his operatives because he wanted a clear idea of just what was going on out there. That went against the grain of Arab culture and you do have to wonder just how much self-censorship and blame shifting was going on to distort OBL's views of his own organization. The US military relies more on its Non-Commissioned Officers to keep things running than its generals, as it is a distributed responsibility system that puts lower level responsibility at the lower levels. al Qaeda did and continues to do just the opposite.
"Hi Nat."
The road back over Takaka Hill wasn’t nearly as bad as I had anticipated, mainly due to it being in daylight. It also seemed to take half the time because; a) I had done it before, b) I could see and c) It was the start of the journey and not the end. It was a bit worrying seeing what we had come through two nights before, the height was especially alarming.
flowing fingers in cobalt
Thanks everyone for reading! And thanks again to Kath for the great challenge. I can't wait to see what the next week's topic is! Looking forward to a night at home tonight so I can read everyone else's introductions!
fuck this shit.
Detecting a hint of sarcasm in my remarks, the manager blew a small raspberry and went off to play with his remote-controlled Barbie doll. Much as I abhor his crass opinions, I find myself agreeing with him that this dispute does not belong in a courtroom. Can any sum of money, no matter how large, ever compensate a woman for being forced to have an orgasm? Even five million bucks would never wipe away the shame of being made to moan ecstatically while waves of toe-curling rapture wash over her quivering body. Once again, it seems that a rapacious law firm has persuaded a woman to pursue litigation that will bring her no satisfaction in the long run.
Celes-teal - teal (taken from the planet below the green one) - 151.183.159
I’ve complained about Monday’s a handful of times. They’ve never been kind to me, but yet, this has been one of the best days in recent months that I can’t stop myself from smiling. It’s just been a purely great day, and it would be ungrateful of me not to smile and thank the Force and higher forces for blessing me with such opportunities and great people in my life.
The second reason the poor don't matter very much in the yawning gaps between elections is that they don't have much money, don't throw great parties and can't chuck the juicy bone of a tender deal to hungry politicians. Julius (Kiddie Amin) Malema may talk about improving the lot of the poor and nationalising the mines so that ordinary South Africans can share in all that wealth underground but we all know this is nothing but political bullshit. Anyway, when has a nationalised industry ever benefited the people (with the exception of oil in Norway)? They usually end up costing the taxpayer a fortune and the reason for that is very simple; politicians don't make good businessmen. No, like most politicians the world over, Julius and his mates want to hang out with the sort of people who can settle the bill for all that Johnnie Blue at the end of the evening. So why waste time on the poor?
did you do anything out of the ordinary this month?
By understanding precisely how much water is used in the production of a hamburger, will that force people to consider how their actions are affecting the planet? If you know that it took up to 200,000 litres of water to produce 1kg of beef, will you eat less of it? Would you preferentially buy products that are grown/produced locally to reduce the carbon output associated with transport? How much oil and other petroleum products go into the things you use every day?
The green parts of the wing are covered in tiny, bowl shaped dimples just a few microns across. The dimples are lined in layers of chitin which act as mirrors, which only reflect light of certain wavelengths. In the bottom of the bowls are chitin which reflect only yellow light, while around the top of the bowls are chitin which only reflect blue light.
I get a feeling that your finally seeing
Chris: Well at least I used the polite name for it.
Yes. Yes.
“I have seen you for years and thought you were someone I wanted to know. I lived anticipating you,” I said. “I hate to admit it but I like you. I’ve always liked you.”
I have an addiction: respect it.
Recommended for those interested in family dramas and romances where hidden agendas play a major part; bonus for fans of Katori Shingo who does a surprisingly solid job in a heavy dramatic role.
You, Mr. Hospitality -
Have a fabulous day, everyone!
I would love to enter this card to the following challenges:
Hhhhhmmmmmm what else??????
Network: Hallmark MOVIE Channel
Today, most people in our society are totally removed from the raising of livestock or poultry, not to mention their slaughter and preparation for supermarket shelves. Cuts of meat have specific names and poultry is now packaged in enough ways to make your head spin.
We collected in the street as if for some harmless family gathering, sitting at makeshift benches to eat and talk. There were at least a hundred of us, and we didn’t want to raise suspicion. Our small cache of artillery was hidden nearby. The air was prickling, men glancing over their shoulders with urgency in their dark eyes.
There is all you need to know about her selfishness and lack of judgment.
I wish... I wish she would put on a little weight cause I'm over the lanky 12 year old boy bodies setting a sad example. Let's see some actual girls, thanks!
Within ourselves
A newest addition to the Arcane Society series is always a fun read. Jayne Ann Krentz delivers her characters over and over. I loved that this time Fallon was in the for front. I had been waiting for his time and it was not a disappointing story to read.
Then off we scooted for Everglades National Park - in search of birds, alligators, crocodiles and maybe a little dry spell.
Saute the veggies.
(Sighed the old ram rod, dying of downfall),
Ava goes on:
We here at SayHey watch it, so you don't have to. You should know the drill by now. Otherwise, do have at look at my previous Not-so-live-blogging events . Let me present to you, the most recent remake of the movie FAME!
Happy Monday, friends. What are you thinking today?
“Bless me, Father, for I have sinned. This is my First Confession.”
13-oz can evaporated milk (I used 1 cup heavy cream to lower the carbs)
12. Something - low-fi
When he was searched by police in May 2011, officers found 20 eggs from a variety of species, including Manx shearwater and Meadow pipit.
So I continue to blog. I continue to read, watch, smell, taste and learn. I keep an eye out for opportunities and I seize them. Sometimes, the opportunities come to me. I'm still working full-time at my current job, but I've also started to do some freelancing. A few articles here, a few recipes there. Slowly but surely, things are coming together. I don't know what the future brings, but I am optimistic.
The restored iron works company town will be decorated for the occasion. A service will be held in the Allaire Village Chapel at 1 p.m., with a service based on the year’s harvest.
Grinding life down from its mark;
Vanni Treves who is a director elect of Homerton Hospital NHS Trust, is also chair of Korn/Ferry International and Intertek Group Plc.
And now the world has terrorism to a degree that was unimaginable before the destruction of the World Trade Center's twin towers in New York City where nearly 4,000 people lost their lives. This terrorism is part of the plan the Jesuits are implementing to scare the American people into giving up their freedoms, and it is working. The Bible says in Revelation 18:24 that the papacy is responsible for ". . . the blood of . . . all that were slain upon the earth." Evidence strongly indicates that Muslims highjacked the airliners and flew them into the towers. Thus we have rather strong evidence that the papacy's Jesuits have even been able to infiltrate the Muslims.
Evanovich moves things along with short sentences and unexpected turns of phrase that freshen up clichés. Her descriptive paragraphs have an almost staccato rhythm. Stephanie usually gets her man, but never without threat or setbacks.
so when I hear yours
Now the whole picture has been found, which gives a total different story, being a “play” in Bahrain (supposed), where a person is portraying an Israeli soldier, acting like people want to believe Israeli soldiers are acting. It is – it appears – not an Israeli soldier, but rather a piece of, well, propaganda, and someone at some time chose to expand the propaganda, changing the picture showing a play, to becoming a picture supposedly showing the actual act of an Israeli soldier.
3:12 – Theophylact uses this text to refute Origen’s theories on heaven and hell. I find the similarities to contemporary debates of Love Wins to be of similar character. Sometimes there truly is nothing new under the sun.
Step 2: Put corn powder into step 1
As the alien travels through New York and leaves a blood trail, the cops naturally begin hunting him down. Diana Pierce (Rae Dawn Chong) is the main cop on duty. Not only is she tracking down the alien, she’s also tracking down Scully (Neil Giuntoli), a serial rapist. Just when she believes she has him captured, he breaks free of his hospital bed by pretending to be a female cop. Surprisingly, this works. The Scully subplot eventually takes over from the main plot for a bit, which was alarming. I felt it was forced and had no place in the film. We already had a main antagonist. Sure, he was a shape shifting alien, so to speak, but that’s what we came for. The serial rapist aspect felt like more of a needless distraction than anything. It’s apparent they had the story in mind before concocting the gooey special effects (which, at this point in time, was usually the other way around). Though this is a positive, it’s almost a shame Kevin Yagher’s wonderful practical effects don’t get as much screen time as one would hope. They get enough and deliver on all fronts, but I was itching for more by the time the end credits rolled. “The Borrower” is an average fish out of water tale. Setting it apart is the head stealing alien and the tremendous effects! These make the film worth a watch, even though you have to wade through some standard material to get to them. That and a serial rapist.
BF: How many major networks and Hollywood studios have come out with 9/11 truth? Okay?
Yomenya Goemon a Japanese restaurant located on the 3rd floor caters for Japanese-Italian food. The portion serves is huge. One can order set meal which includes soup, 1 serving of salad from the buffet and a main dish.
While these acts of self-immolation are ones in which individuals act in relative isolation it should not be overlooked that political suicide can mean any revolutionary act that is met with state violence. The Jihardist suicide bombers against US invasions in Iraq and Afghanistan, or those in Pakistan and India, are no different from the many acts of heroism of militants confronting state forces in revolutionary uprisings. These were not new as all revolutions are heralded by the actions of martyrs who are killed by counter-revolutionary forces.
Oh my goodness, are you sure? You're so big/little!
My worst one was during summer study abroad, when I did an intensive language program in Avignon. Every mornng our prof made us speak by answering the question "quoi de neuf?" I proudly raised my hand with a perfectly constructed sentence in mind (so I thought) that even included the past tense. When the prof called on me I announced to the class that "hier,j'ai joui avec mes chiens." (I came with my dogs), that's right, beastiality, folks! Luckily, the rest of the class was no better than I in the passé composé and the prof had a laughing attack for a good 30 seconds before she explained to us all what I had actually said. Vive le learning!
there is love making and revelry
That’s what makes it fun.
Weakness wins
Here’s a press release from Myrrh Worship….
It’s all because I live you
"It is a shame that Grace Meng feels the need to fight this election in the courtroom instead of at the ballot box. We collected at least 1,477 signatures from persons claiming to be enrolled Democrats residing within the 6th Congressional District and we need only file 938. We will vigorously contest the objections to my petition before the Board of Elections and in state Supreme Court," Sheng said.
We actually set out to the temple at around 11am. I was warm and sunny at the base of the island but as soon as we got to the top/temple it was dark and raining....as you can see from the pictures above. When I say rain I really mean RAIN! Water was pouring down as if god was dumping buckets upon buckets of water down to earth. The staircase leading to the giant Buddha statue became a waterfall. I wanted to take a picture but it was raining so hard I was afraid to get my camera out. Afterwards, due to the rain, everyone decided to leave. Unfortunately, due to safety concerns the cable cars that take people to and from the temple does not run when the weather is bad. So...a ton of people were waiting in line in the rain, for the storm to end and the cable cars to work again. Our tour guide tried to call a taxi to bring us down but were all "booked"....he called again and told them we were willing to pay an extra $40 and what do you know! The taxi came in 5 mins.
My last sample today is another clean and simple card - this time for a little sister. - I used a face from the new Half Pint Heroines to accent my sentiment and also the top of the wee gift box. I think the strength of the font makes it a perfect choice for simple stamping.
“Set up in 2005 by Deirdre Devine and Michelle Bradley, who, having worked in the Publishing industry and witnessed the frustrations of local authors, decided to take the publishing sector in Ireland to a new level.”
He said, “look, buddy, you need to come down from there. You could hurt yourself.” Then he said, “Jesus Christ, I don’t have time for this,” and I think he didn’t want me to hear that bit but I did.
Till a dreadful war made me an evacuee.
For a long time, I kept trying this strategy of moderation – and failing. Then I read a line from Samuel Johnson: “Abstinence is as easy to me as temperance would be difficult.” Ah ha! Like Dr. Johnson, I’m an “abstainer.”
To refer to a human with the attribute of God is also against the principle of Tawheed. For example, referring to a person as one who has no beginning or end (eternal).
May God have mercy on your cowardly souls, oh generals and colonels, for what will be left of the Greek people and history itself will have none.
e.) Boston’s pitching staff is still sketchy and in need of outside help
Pursuing innovation in such an ecosystem is therefore a huge challenge and does not end at the list of lessons learned, intricately analysed solutions or even fully populated action plan. How do we make the most of real fear and aversion?
after feeding
The movie that gave this Top Five it’s title and with one of the best twist endings ever is director M. Night Shyamalan’s magnum opus, a movie whose success he hasn’t been able to match either artistically or commercially since. Young Haley Joel Osment plays a disturbed boy who is able to see the dead; Bruce Willis plays a child psychiatrist whose life was destroyed by a patient of his (played in a brief but memorable turn by Donnie Wahlberg) who is trying to help young Cole (Osment’s character). Toni Collette plays Cole’s mom in a role that helped establish her as an important actress. The film served as a career resurrection for Willis, whose Die Hard-style action movies were falling out of vogue. It also established Willis as a more mature actor whose performances can be surprisingly nuanced given the right director. Some of the imagery is pretty terrifying, but the movie turns some pretty interesting corners before the final jaw-dropping scene which had audiences worldwide blindsided. Many believe it to be one of the best movies of the 90s and in many ways, it is as iconic to that decade as Ghostbusters was to the 80s.
as often as possible.
Sergeant Brodie: Immediately when I thought of this role, I thought of Stephen Lang — I usually only see him in mean Army-guy roles, but I think it would be nice to see the softer side of him.
Before is normal, no makeup and tired morning eyes.
If you work out of financial necessity, I sympathise. It must be really hard to juggle a family and a job, when you just want to be at home.
Also to venture out from the Big 4, the BMV Club now offers its members a 15% discount on all Marfy patterns. Of course, I've been stalking the Marfy site but never ordered anything. Since there's now an added incentive, I thought I'd order a couple. The yellow tunic is one of the new releases. The jacket I've had my eye on for quite some time.
Me and Tanure Ojaide. I met Ojaide at his home in Nigeria. He is of one of Nigeria's most prolific writers. My experience was wonderful. Clue: Simplicity!
The day involved too much talking, too much laughing, and too much eating (as all the nicest days do). And I think I’ve cracked my revisions. I’m on the last readthrough, now, just making sure I’ve got enough emotion in there. (And yes, I am expecting second revisions. And praying it’s not a rejection. Been there, done that, with the Venice book (after two complete rewrites) and I do not want to go back there.)
The top also opens & has an adorable little vintage style clasp.
Amphora of salvation,
“And you forage?”
Islam permits marrying a woman from the People of the Book, or a Christian, so that she will enter the Muslim family and society.
Max's will have over 150 different Belgian beers on draft over
Their compatriots here are from two basic sources. Hubert Eaves and Howard King are in Gary Bartz' NTU troupe, while the remaining sidemen have all worked with Chris Hinze.
In other words, internalize those external impacts and costs. Give choices – and information – but make the polluter pay.
Indeed, In the planning stages is the promotion of Healthy Eating Week to bring attention to the importance of a balanced and healthful lifestyle. The marketing strategy will present message across social media, public announcements, print ads and radio spots.
Reading further, other cracks started to show. It seems the one thing those ancestors who created the factions didn't factor in was human nature - or rather, they didn't think it would be a problem once the factions were in place and everyone is living in their own ideal where things are as they want them. Sometimes people just want things their way, even if they have things pretty good in their own little corner of society. Sometimes people want more power. Sometimes people will take drastic actions to get what they want. Actions that put lives and society as we know it at risk. Sometimes a dystopia can become even more dystopian. And sometimes, a dystopian society that seems flawed to us readers actually turns out to be much better than what's to come.
And for today's "free" kindness: Why not give someone a word of their own? Write a word on an index card and doodle around it. Make it a word that really embodies the personality of a friend of family member. Write them a note to go with it that says, "This word reminds me of you." What a nice gift that will make someone smile.
The festive season is a little like a marathon... a start full of fire and purpose... but without a modicum of pace, the race slows and we loose our puff. I have never been about pacing myself... I know I should... but it's never happened so far, so it is unlikely to now. The holidays are a busy time for all of us... busy planning, busy working and busy celebrating... The most important person in the whole schedule... that gets left behind... is us. Who has time to follow their regular beauty routines?... Not me... Shortcuts and quick fixes are what I need at this time of year... My can't-live-without skincare, my 5 star beauty picks, my save-the-face-day products are easy to use and allow me to feel in control even if I'm not...
Now, readers familiar with the basic algorithm of evolution will notice that this picture leaves out an important element: variation. Over the course of the next post or two, I want to turn to the other functions and seek out where variation enters into this picture.
own works.
I miss having a bicycle, skiing, cheap and abundant Mexican food, and enough space to do yoga without hitting my head on something. Except for the skiing, all of this is available to people with bigger and more expensive boats.
- that I keep saying it's too early to be feeling this way... then it hitting me that I'm just shy of 24 weeks... so that means 6months-ish in right?! wow...
* Cool the cake before cutting and serving.
“Occasional, short, italicized paragraphs . . . with undercurrent of menace, gives . . . powerful and immediate tone,” says reviewer in Times Literary Supplement of The Mirador, dreamed memories of her mother.
This was one of the first cds I bought. I still remember signing up for a BMG music membership, poring through the catalog and making lists of cds I wanted. I can't remember if I had heard one of her songs before or simply liked the album art. I liked Bjork instantly and she is one of the few artists that I can say I still listen to. I got the chance to see her live a few years back and it felt like coming full circle.
someone claimed
Without further ado, here are some
I barely tapped the wealth of Irish proverbs to enhance A Band of Roses. More than enough of these jewels remained to enrich Fiery Roses and Salty Roses:
Location: Davidson, NC
Mel asked us to dress up from the 80s and we had such a fun time putting our outfits together.
Absolute confusion.
Okay, first of all, somebody needs to get Notzenke here a proofreader, like, yesterday.
Disgruntled and crotchety with very little reason for being so. This is not a state that I like to live in. So, instead I’ve decided to review the people who have sat around me, while I’ve TRIED to enjoy the movies.
i've got news for you
(Note: I, being of a certain age (36,) and a certain demographic group (you know that horrible stereotype of the two children, marriage, mortgage, soccer games, piano lessons, and an energy-efficient, fiberglass station wagon? That one.), have not actually HAD an iPod up until this week. And it's a second-hand one, 'cause the whole extra $350 for the SWEET 60 gig video-playing I'm-so-sexy-look-at-me-because-with-this-in-my-hand-I-look-25 one is not a reality. Did I mention the two kids? And the mortgage?
When, a few weeks before I traveled to Los Angeles, I asked some of my Facebook/Twitter friends if they had any suggestions for music to get me in a California mood, The Beach Boys was one of the first artists mentioned. Though I had heard most of their big hits on the radio many times before, I had never listened to any of their complete albums—not even their seminal 1966 Pet Sounds! So I listened to a bunch of them before going off to Southern California.
A senior military official told AFP that “more than 300 Taliban attacked” the checkpost at around midnight in central Kurram.
In remarks to journalists in Rio de Janeiro, Mr Valcke sounded frustrated with Brazilian officials.
Shackled in the dungeon of a macabre castle with no recollection of her past, a young woman finds herself falling in love with her captor – the estate’s master. Yet, placing her trust in him before she regains her memory and unravels the castle’s wicked truths would be a catastrophe.
This is my senior year of high school. I have only a month left, and I have learned a lot about life. I have learned that simply being human is what connects us all. I have learned that you must always ask why, and you must never stop. I have learned that dreams are what make life worth living, but that just because you dream them, it doesn’t mean they come true. And in the end, when the world says no, you can either take it, or you can decided for yourself who you are.
29. Brenna is an awesome short stop. I know...that's kind of bragging, but hey....it's the truth!!
Well here are the updated pictures of the girls room. It has been a VERY long process.
Some years ago I saw Kevin Spacey in a theatre production in London. The play was called The Iceman Cometh. He was riveting for three hours. An actor like him doesn’t just act, he embodies the role. If a play is done well, you will lose the self-consciousness that comes with watching something staged.
I wish I had more time to work on my scrapbook.......it hasnt been updated since february!
A few months ago Barry Bonds, a famous baseball player, was tried for perjury in California in connection with allegedly perjured evidence he gave to a Grand Jury about steroid and other drug use. Because many of the questions asked to him were rhetorical, and multi claused, by the end of the case many of the allegations had disappeared from the indictment against him. Put simply, if he was not asked a straight question, it was difficult to prosecute him for giving a false answer, especially where the answers in turn were inspecific and woolly. In a different way Mr Coulson might be the beneficiary of Mr Sheridan’s lack of legal expertise, notwithstanding his undoubted oratorical talents.
The Winner Takes it All
You have to get out there and let people know your book is coming, and once it arrives, that it is still out there.
May 17, 2012
And so God has dealt with the requirements of justice in His Son, Jesus Christ. Once that was accomplished, God is now able to do as He desires—to distribute blessings to His children according to His goodness.
That makes so many men create lustful sin
Cheney, for example, says everything worked out fine, including the policy of torture, and Bush blames everything on bad intelligence. Neither is challenged by the TV “journalist” across from him.
and R77 a patterned round,
Step 5: Come home a few hours later
Drive everybody wild..." -- it's like "the audacity of hope" that Pres. Obama wrote about...
So first things first, I hit the bathroom. I brush my teeth, rinse my face and go to the loo. No need to dwell on anything there.
We see from this scripture the description of an angel become a man. Personally, I see application levels of this scripture that are not limited to just Adam having been an angel who became a man. In addition to other levels of what it means, it reflects also the fall of Adam from a state of entire sanctification to a man fallen in sin in sinful flesh appearing as a mortal man who dies. But the next level applies also. This scripture shows us that fallen angels are made men.
It is just as well the Pope can plead infallibility because if he was a doctor and gave such advice to a developing nation he would, I suspect, be open to litigation for professional negligence. But there we are… moving swiftly on…
Meanwhile, despite the fact that only five percent of vaccine adverse events get reported to the “voluntary” FDA’s vaccine adverse event reporting system (VAERS), there are many serious adverse events recorded and many more that seep through the cracks to vaccine concerned internet sites.
I’ve learned much in my short life on this earth. I hope to learn much more. And I hope to share what I’ve learned with anyone who wants to read about it.
Zero sum
On the road a shade-umbrella, fans, and showers of flowers kept him cool. As these surrounded his yellow clothes and flower necklaces it seemed like a thick cloud was surrounded by the sun, the half-moon, a rainbow, and lightning.
The Magnolia-licious store has lot of things for your stamping needs but most of all a giant inventory of Regular size Magnolia Rubber Stamps and the home of the Mini Magnolia Stamps. Diana always has fast and friendly service!!
This has been one of my problem beds. Growing between the grape roots the dandelions are virtually impossible to pull or dig out so mostly I pull what I can and voila they're back in a flash. So this year I've decided to incorporate them into my garden of edibles. Those pictured are already pretty mature so I'll just cut them down then wait for the new leaves to crop up. These will make a fine nutritional addition to salads or eaten steamed. Now I can stop looking at them as pesty weeds! (And let's not forget the dandelion wine! LOL)
Is there a contest for the most ludicrous nighttime excuse? If so, I think I can win it.
So once again, I have learned that they are going to go their own ways. I give on combining them. I am thrilled though that I can take the time to test things. It really is the beauty of homeschooling to me, to be able to test things, try them out, jump forward or jump back.
Brian McLeod and I will walk you through my method to create a full sales letter... or sales video... or magazine ad... in two days or less.
I wanted one.
Final Price:As low as $.49 ea after coupon
And it was asked:
Publisher: Century
STAMPS: D1243 Peace on Earth
Happy Birthday to the inestimable Leonard Nimoy, with whom you’re probably familiar due to his upcoming guest appearance on an episode of The Big Bang Theory. Back in the 1960s, he was in a couple of episodes of Wagon Train, and let’s not forget his memorable turn in the iconic series Mission: Impossible.
penniless peasant woman of Europe.
o Notify the police if the known or suspected cyberbullying involves a threat.
seeing clearly sometimes shows my sin,
If your child has a problem at school, which you suspect is either tale-telling or bullying, do the same. But also write what they say down in a notebook, and record the date. This means that your child is listened to, and you also have evidence if you have to ask teachers to step in. Of course, give them a hug too.
College Station: Texas A&M University Press, 2009. Pp. xiv, 245. Illus., notes, biblio., index. $37.50. ISBN: 1603440836.
Q - Every magic item the character owns is restored to like-new condition in terms of appearance (not ability).
The fabric is from the Modern Meadow collection from Joel Dewberry. I knew the color combination was perfect for Michelle. And how gorgeous is that Dogwood print? I just love it.
Okay, so of course you need to watch the show TONIGHT at 10 EST on the Oprah Winfrey Network.
If you need help finding recipes or more suggestions:
What about Crystal Geyser? Poland Spring? Zephyr Hills?
Tarts can be eaten warm or at room temperature; they can be kept for up to 2 days if tightly wrapped in plastic.
He put his log of an arm down on my lower back and returned to work, with renewed energy. He did NOT hit all the same spots over and over again. He found all sorts of new spots, including the tops of my thighs and it only took a few minutes for me to let go of my need to control the situation.
Now here’s the thing. One tends to be at their ‘believing’ best when they’re not expecting fowl play. It’s like this – If I am in a crowded train/mall/bus/etc, I automatically suspect that there could be a pick-pocket in such a location and am constantly ensuring that I can feel the shape and bulk of my wallet through my back-pocket. But one wouldn’t be so paranoid in a less (potentially) dangerous environment – such as an office canteen or a showroom or, for example, when you are sitting alone in a friggin’ auto-rickshaw!
True love, I suppose, does last forever – Not in ways we may know, but it does stay. No justifications, just the mere beating of the heart, and you just know it’s there, through a lifetime or in an infinity, in whatever stretch of time or place.
by Micah Lovell
I think that it must be hard to hand over control.
Anyway, long and short of it is that the "Temperance Movement" was not about temperance at all but about total abstinence. And this movement finally had its way with the enactment of full-blown Prohibition in this country in 1919. One effect of this was to devastate the vast network of local Wisconsin breweries.
Paul perfected his voodoo and cherry-picked his talks with the refs, back-pocket always, and hit his shots. By propelling his action, he passed early and closed with isolation. And Won.
Good questions.
And I wanted to see her. Oh how I wanted to see her. And hold her and tell her the sorts of things that every big sister should say. That everything will be okay. Because of course we will take your baby, my sweet sweet sister.
Ham Tetrazzini
Sean Dean (The Sadies)
Hello! Back again (lots of posts this week huh?) to share with you the Challenge that I'm hosting at the Burlap and Buttercups blog! I challenge you all to use a yellow and gray color scheme in your paper project. If you post your project up on B&B's blog you'll be entered to win a $15 GC....which you most definitely want because her kits are perfection.
Sept 12 – Howell Opera House – Howell, MI (W/Valencia)
There's a five-stage process:
"I don’t have time to explain because I am officially late, but if you want to follow, this is where you need to go." The rabbit hobbled into the full-length mirror in the dinning room and disappeared.
fevers, throwing up, and icky coughs.
Anyway, we were headed to bed at about midnight and it was really cold outside. We had two heaters on and the lights on too because let's face it, it's kinda scary out there, and we also had the music on to serenade us to sleep. Drew and I are freezing so he cuddles up really close to me.
Today I started my work experience at BSkyB. I was nervous as Sky is a pretty big corporation and I was a bit intimidated by all the people I saw bustling around in suits. I was met by Sara Dawson, the lady I was in contact with about my work experience, in the visitor’s gatehouse and we walked to the Sky 2 building which I will be situated in during the week.
Luckily, I had two secret weapons: A chance encounter on the plane with the hilarious TV producer Don Luciano and my wonderful family. Let’s start with Don. (Like how I think we are on first name basis?)
Just as we don’t have complete control over the circumstances of our lives and our physical health, we have to pause and consider those things that we can influence. When I work with patients with a chronic health condition such as congestive heart failure or diabetes, we focus on the things they can do to maintain mastery over their health – what activities will improve their condition, what types of food will reduce potential complications and what they need to monitor to slow down the progression of disease.
White: 436 (43.6%)
They always remind me of that scene with John Candy playing Uncle Buck when he goes to the school about his niece for a meeting with the assistant principal, she's got this big hairy mole on her face:
Okay, so that’s all the long way of saying, I was flustered and anxious, and only more so when I entered this cool little office where five cute hipster dudes were hanging out and working. I tried bumbling my way through the French explanation of what I needed and finally one of the guys told me in English to go ahead and use his computer. As I sat there, trying to retrieve this phone number, slowly pecking at the French keyboard, they all sat around talking.
paint dinning room & furniture
We'll be returning to Arrol's insanitary brewery soon.
3. Rap music is here to stay
“The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God: and if children, then heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ.”
“Falling completely under its influence, the nostrils yearn for it continuously, although sometimes they obtain it and sometimes not. When they do they drink their fill, though they still want more and more, but if they don’t, out of thirst they die.
Bose noticed that Emma, her two week old baby was not feeding well. Three days later, his body temperature was so hot that it seems like his blood was boiling. Agitated and confused, she rushes the baby to the clinic seeking redemption from the medical doctor. Countless prescriptions and diagnoses later, alas Emma dies. The family is distraught. What must have happened to their new found love? How could life be this cruel? Not satisfied that his death is ‘ordinary’, they decided to consult a native doctor whom her friend introduced her to. The native doctor, blessed with the gift of ‘seeing’ after much incantation, libations and exultations with his ancestors, releases the bombshell. Bose’s step mother far away in the village (Bose resides in the city) is the one responsible for the untimely death of her baby. According to the native doctor, she nailed a piece of rag to a cherry tree in her
Joab, in direct violation of David’s stated orders, basically gets off the hook.
It is such a simple thing yet so satisfying
#3: I'm working on a class project this week that I'll be posting up next Tuesday. I'm making it using my Salt Water Taffy kit, so if you want to follow along, you'd better be sure to pick up your kit! It's going to be TONS OF FUN!!!!
I will also need to pull myself together and update my web page really soon. I am switching from Office live to host gator. It’s a long story. and it makes me want cookies.
12 squash and/or zucchini blossoms
One thing I have noticed though is that the majority of my references come from TV shows. I have so many TV memories that those often come to mind before any of my real life events do. This has caused some confusion, especially since more than half of the time no one understands what I’m talking about.
I always thought that phrase was stupid. I now know it is. It infers that you were never really living before today, on that premise your previous days were wasted. But as a new year starts, new goals are set, a look back on "how I did" last year. Setting goals on how to improve my family and myself. Now some people think I should put "not have more cancer" as a goal. That is impractical, and not under any of my control whatsoever. So instead, I will focus on the things I can control. Like not kicking peoples trikes in the ditch, and not "pooping" in others cornflakes. I will try to play well with others, and not look gift horses in the mouth,(nope, I just won't look at all, unless its the other way, I don't need another horse right now). I wont be a pot calling the kettle black, or watching the pot so is never boils. This post was a short one, but I wanted it to be informational. In closing I want you to know that a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush, and that there are plenty of fish in the sea.
Add confetti to the frame. I save all the little hearts, butterflies and umbrellas whenever I use WoJ's Heart Lace Border, Fancy Hearts, Butterflies and Umbrella border dies. Those little pieces are perfect for this project. There are also some glass glitters in it. BUT, what you see here is way too much confetti. I had to take most of it out just so that they don't block the image. =)
Brian Weiss – Same Soul, Many Bodies 1/12
Pants: Old Navy (thrifted), Striped T: Banana Republic, Cardi: AE, Necklace: Made by me, Shoes: Famous Footwear
She has a point. I probably wouldn't, and want her to change things, or not say them at all.
Neighbours helped with the search and the two boys were spotted floating face-down in the middle of the river.
Have backups. Your bookstore will likely have its own projector but you will probably have to bring your own laptop or tablet computer. If you do, make sure you bring necessary cords or Bluetooth connectors or wireless remotes, etc. Sometimes these things can get lost and, if you are dependent on them, you don't want to find out minutes before your presentation that a vital technological component is not available.
WOW! Was this ever an inspiring week in the Tea Room ... so fun to see all those 'cool' holiday designs when the temps are soaring into the 90's and 100's in most places in the US! A BIG thank you to the a-mazing 121 paper crafters who submitted designs this week! We also would like to recognize and thank our 534 FABULOUS FOLLOWERS for peeking and joining in on the weekly challenges!
But others would argue that dandelions bear rather attractive flowers, whose yellow hue complements a green lawn nicely. “While the flower isn’t bad,” perhaps you object, “the seed head that succeeds it is unsightly.” Even so, there are easy ways to minimize the impact of dandelions on the lawn, as long as you’re willing to show some tolerance toward their presence. One way is to pluck the flowers as they appear. Another is to eat your weed problems away! “
1. Pedal pushers- Ok, people use the word “capri” to describe the same thing. Capri pants were actually introduced by designer Emilio Pucci di Barsento in 1949 in his boutique on the Isle of Capri, Italy. Everyone then started wearing his Capri’s. Audrey Hepburn was probably the most famous wearer of the capri pants. Marilyn Monroe, Sophia Loren, Annette Funicello, and Sandra Dee all had publicity photos taken in Capri’s. Same thing as pedal pushers. They are.
A common complaint from retail workers and customers is people using an EBT card to buy party trays, BBQ supplies, liquor and cigarettes. But at a store level there is nothing to be done. This has to be addressed at a State level. Change can be accomplished, much like when benefit cards at Casinos was disallowed a few years ago. When it became embarrassingly public that a large number of people were using their benefit cards at casinos California took steps to halt the practice. It was a simple software fix. The cards won't work at casinos. When that was disallowed people howled, now forced to either spend their funds on groceries or more likely, seek out other avenues to cash out benefits in order to drop into slot machines.
An hour later, I was still waiting, and no one had mentioned anything to me about why they were running so late. My pain-killer was wearing off, so I went up to the receptionist and asked her what time they were planning on seeing me. Her answer kind of threw me off. She indicated that they had decided to have an impromptu staff meeting, and that they would get to me when they could. Now, that is not okay. She apologized for the wait, and then launched into a diatribe with another patient about the importance of showing up for his appointments on time…If he was more than 15 minutes late, he would be charged for the visit and would have to reschedule to be seen by the doctor. I just made eye contact with the receptionist as she said that, and she quickly looked away. Hardly seems fair to be so strict with your patients when you aren’t living up to your own expectations, huh?
Then click on the orientation tab
This year I was Ron Swanson. Chances are, you don't know who Ron Swanson is, and that's fine. That indicates you probably have more of a life than I do. But if you want to understand the various bits and wonder of my costume, you can watch the following clips:
The IMAX runs different shows throughout the day with tickets running at $9 for adults and $7.50 for kids. If they are showing “Born to Be Wild” you absolutely have to go, it is one of the most heartwarming nature films I have ever seen! Many of the other films are pretty impressive as well, you’ll want to read up on them a little or ask the ticket person if it will be appropriate for your kids. Some of them can be a little scary.
Bowl/fork/knife/spoon/cup/bib
I, um… well… I probably could’ve lived without hearing this album. I imagine it could be pretty amusing to think of someone like me listening to something like this. I can’t really relate to the emotions on this album, nor can I think of a time I ever could. This is a really upbeat album; lots of congo drums (as you may have been able to infer by the title), and lots of passionately hollered Spanish lyrics. I won’t say this album sucks; like I say, I just can’t really relate to it. Maybe my tastes will expand to include this and other stuff like it at some point, but for now, it’s just kind of irritating and uninteresting. But hey, if you decide to check it out, I hope ya dig it.
Why the Debate Matters
What impact could a single blog post have on the great big world of blogging? Not much I espy. The blogosphere (yes, look at me already learning the jargon) is filled with vast ranges of topics, interconnecting in unique ways, and constantly adapting to changes in social media. When you jump into the blog world and place your touch on it, it does not notice, it simply goes on being. So where does this leave the new blogger? Where does this leave me? Well, when you reach out and touch something, something that is so much bigger than you, you have a few options. You can back off and let it be. You can admit an early defeat and succumb to the fear that anything you have to say has no place or relevance in the greater entity that is (and will continue to be with, or without you). You can curse and reject it, calling it silly, lame, and a variety of colloquial terms. But, if this is how you choose react I think you miss the opportunity that comes with the reaction to your action. Once you get that reaction you get the opportunity to react back, and in doing so you get to create interaction. Be it even one person. They noticed your little poke and took the time and courtesy to poke back, and in doing so, you have been given their authority to march onward and invited to react back to them. For that, they should be thanked.
The seeds for the plants being grown at home have been planted and most have come up and are doing well. The parsnips and chillies are having a bit of a no show at the moment, so I’ll give them another week and plant some more seeds.
Next I piled on the hummus—Roasted Red Pepper Hummus from Oh She Glows, to be exact (which I’ve raved about here). This hummus is fantastic on its own, but it works really even better on pizza I think, as its strong roasted flavor really complements all the other baked ingredients.
Life is full of lightning flashes,
In the winter months, if you were fishing in fairly shallow water and it started to rain heavy, the cold rain would affect the shallow water quickly causing the fish to become uncomfortable. Therefore in this situation, the fish will probably move on, no matter how much bait you have provided them. The carp would more than likely return to wallop up the rest of your bait when the water temperature rises once more. This is usually during a bright morning as the sun hits the shallow water. In this case, a carp angler might start to believe that carp don’t feed when it rains, when in fact they do feed most of the time.
~Deputy Presidential Spokesperson Abigail Valte
sleep, he doesn't know about it until the next morning?
Also, I'll go out on a limb here and say that cool whip is a perfectly acceptable substitute and will make the process just that much more efficient by not needing to go whip a bunch of heavy cream. For that matter, you can lighten up the whole thing by using less mascarpone and Lite Cool Whip, or using light sponge cake or ladyfingers instead of pound cake. It's all very amenable to changes. That's the beauty of trifle-type desserts. Not to mention the satisfying cake-to-filling ratio and creaminess that would never be achievable in a free-standing layer cake.
I found this photo of my Dad when I was at home last Christmas. It was taken in either 1981 or 82, he was 29 or 30 yrs old. I was asking him about the photo today and he recalled this Alaskan King Salmon, larger than their Atlantic cousins, to be 98lbs. It was the biggest single King Salmon they ever landed. After selling the rest of their catch to the local tenders (fish buyers), they packed this beauty up and hiked him into town. They went straight to the famous Baranof Hotel and Restaurant, which was the best restaurant in Juneau at the time. They sold their monster King directly to the chef for $3/lb. A huge pay-day for them, he gave them and even $300. Good money back in the early 80′s for two small families that fished for a living.
Of course, many big publishers have that kind of money to throw around, but guess what they do the instant they get a book under contract? Tell you to stop blogging about it.
Terminal 3. WTF. Built on a scale that anticipates the days when humans will be 30ft tall and can walk 2km in 7.8secs from a standing start. Ever lost luggage coming into Singapore? The people in the miniscule Lost Luggage Cupboard are usually asleep or absent or both. Never encountered such an inefficient bunch, and E@L has had lost luggage all over the place.
Hell yeah, I said something. I said plenty. I cussed the both of them til I couldn’t cuss no more. If I hurt his feelings, too bad. If I hurt her feelings so what? What about my feelings? I don’t see nobody looking out for me and mine; certainly not the one who’s supposed to.
My Mom had on a pretty purple hat, and they were in love..
Please, if you can, consider throwing a few coins in my hat through the donate button on the right.
This was my mom. She could turn a tantrum into an adventure and me wanting to run away into a memory about how much I was loved. This is just one of the many memories I have of my Mom. If I was half the mom she was, then I didn’t do so bad. She was a grand woman and I could fill a book with stories about her, but until I do, I’ll cherish my memories. She made me who I am, and taught me to go ahead and try something new if I wanted, but to know if it didn’t work out, I was still loved. What more can one ask of a mother? Not much, I think
And of course post workout protein where that falls during a meal or is a shake or bar. So I’m going to try this out and see how I feel about it. Hopefully it will help keep my metabolism up, and stop me from ruining all my hard work.
But Cornelius was just as clueless about the secret history of the world as everyone else in the future. He could not have learned all this from the Sacred scrolls. One might speculate Zaius possessed such knowledge and gave it to Cornelius and Zira after the events of POTA, but there is no proof of that. Subsequently, Zira says it took centuries for apes to go from pets to slaves to rulers. According to the sequels, it only took a couple decades. Perhaps that could be chalked up as estimations of time incalculable because of the intervening nuclear war. But the most irreconcilable point is the day aldo refused to serve is an annual holiday in the far future. If that were true, then every ape should know humans were once dominant. Yet they did not.
-Animal stocks healthier without pharmaceutical antibiotics
After that we used a power sander and lightly sanded the top of the table to rough it up a bit. Next step was to wipe it down and the spray prime it with Zinsser spray primer. After several light coats we attacked it with red spray paint!!! The color is Banner Red by Krylon. It took ten million coats even though we primed and was an all weekend project, but in the end it was totally worth it. Dontcha think?
I will be trying to remain calm and factual. When opinion is necessary, I will strive to remove as much emotion as possible. I am not a journalist, nor an economist, nor a politician. I am just an interested observer who tries to do his homework. A good dialog would be nice, but it’s not really my aim. If I can serve in some small way to educate, inform and make someone think who otherwise is just aping buzzwords and re-hashing talking points, even if they retain their ideological position, then I will feel that this has accomplished something positive.
The ongoing slaughter of rhino and elephant, … but there is an excellent essay included in this posting, by Aidan Hartley, a Kenyan journalist who writes about the illegal ivory trade in Tanzania.
Let’s put it this way: Self-censorship is beginning to chafe.
Its just enough to feel your breath on mine
The first is the most obvious - the villains break the fourth wall by directly addressing the audience. The way in which they do so aligns the viewer with their games, creating the assumption that we want to play as much as they do, that we WANT to see this family brutalized and ultimately killed. Why would we watch a film of this sort if we didn't want to see these things? The villains even go so far as to change the outcome of the story with one of the weirdest dues ex machina sequences I've ever seen. They are utterly relentless in their quest to give the audience what it wants.
-Great Design
Teal: Not my best run and not my worst run. I can honestly say I am excited for the break. I have not expected a PR or anything in a while for the simple fact that I have not been training at all. I have done a couple hill work outs and nothing over 2-3 miles randomly besides the hills. I am ready to have time to train, change things up and use the second half of the year to work getting faster and stronger. Continually just running races and using them as “training” is no bueno and does not make you faster! I’m healed now and ready to go. Can’t wait until August when I feel better about doing actual training work and regaining the confidence that I have worked on speed! The break is needed because I really have not felt that huge desire to push!
The 30ft (9m) granite statue was inaugurated in October 2011.
I was kicking through the fallen leaves
This used to contain seasol. Now it contains seasol, worm pee (yes…apparently they pee…), powerfeed and various secret natural ingredients that if I told you what they were, I would have to kill you. We are using this potent mix to give our planted out potted babies the best chance at adapting happily to their new surroundings
I’m saying all this to lay the foundation of the type of family I was raised in. We care deeply for and about each other. Family isn’t EVERYthing, but it’s a big huge chunk of it. And if you can’t be honest and upfront with your family, I strongly believe it will affect every other relationship you have.
Secondly, I got to put some of my (in)creativity in design into place, mostly amateurish ones at the moment. But I will learn. The design plays and important part of message retention and I will continue to work on it. Too unfortunate I have not attended any design courses, just secondary school, in which I failed badly in arts and drawing.
Symbolism: childhood, innocence, freedom. If using the seasons to represent the stages of life, summer can also symbolize maturity and adulthood.
The trick is trying to work out who is genuinely representative or genuinely potentially troublesome, and match their views against your gut, and your internal corporate attitudes, culture and operating environment. (If you need some help with that, take a look here)
I began by cleaning everything out of the room except the washer and dryer. I designated an area to hold the things I wanted to keep in the laundry room after the cleaning was done. I labeled areas on the kitchen counter to help me sort things: kids, dad, misc., mom. Put a box for things to be given away and a garbage can right outside the door and went to work. The kids helped me get things out of the room and into the proper locations for sorting. After we emptied the room we were amazed at all the stuff that we had been piling in there.
and then she was still.
Brown Ale
I'm snacking on mixed nuts right now....they should take out Brazil nuts and replace them with more roasted pecans. They should also take out 1/2 the peanuts and replace them with cashews. The almond and macadamia ratio is fine. Does anybody really like Brazil nuts? Definitely not enough pecans in here.
Looking forward to reading along with you again!
the word 'sale' and 'clearance' followed by a color
The Supreme Court ruled in a 5-4 decision that prohibited unions and corporations from airing paid ads thirty days before Candidates for Congress or President was unconstitutional. This in effected killed the McCain Feingold act.
Thanks to all who offered suggestions for a name for my structure. Since it is not a "chateau" I thought the name should be something more suited to the kind of building it actually is. You will recall that I was given this building as a "gift" and the original owner, though not a follower, is reading the blog and watching the progress. We live in different parts of the country and this is her only way to see the progress. She
So why give it, give it all up?
You can attach the top with a brad, eyelet, magnet or velcro closure. Here I just tied the handles together with a piece of grosgrain. I used a little SU! metallic cord and a Gina K Dazzle & Bling tag around the handles, and will add a greeting later when I decide what I want to do with it! Slide in your treat bag, using a little tape to keep it in place.
This cute little quilt was started about six or seven years ago in a guild workshop. The technique was using a lightweight interfacing with the squares marked on it so you just bonded the squares to the interfacing, sew on the lines, clip the seams and you were finished. Worked pretty well, actually, but for some reason it took me about 3 years to add borders and another couple of years to finally quilt it. But now it is FINISHED!!! Another to check off my list.
Publisher - iUniverse, Incorporated
BUT I LOVE THEM SO MUCH.
Peru 21:
& that’s the gap between what is working, which’s reality & what is meant to be working, which is mind chart
Gaucho Farms...love it out there...great scenery...
Confidence is about many things. It can be about:
The tree people, Korowai and Kombai, live in the basin of the Brazza River in the vast lowland jungles. This is situated in the foothills of the Jayawijaya mountain range, which is in the southwest part of the New Guinea Island in the Indonesian province Papua (Irian Jaya). Mosquitoes and age-old rivalry forced these tribes to build houses in the tops of trees. Some of them are placed as high as 40 m.
For me, that means I do a bit and walk away. Do chores. Run errands. Cook a meal. Visit with my daughter home from college and my husband who has the next week off work. This is not one of those projects where I can obsess and work till the wee hours of the morning.
The ‘Eat This, Not That’ series is fantastic. From the aisles, to your kitchen, to the restaurants, there’s a book for all of it helping you make decisions on food choices. They’re small enough to slip in your purse and take with to the grocery store. If you don’t feel like comparing labels (although you really should!) this series will help you make those decisions.
you only have one set of papers you could end up
This being the 2nd Monday of the month, it's my turn to host My Town Monday over at the official site. That means normally you'd find a post about Amarillo or the Texas Panhandle here, but this is no ordinary Monday. No, it is Valentines Day.
Umeboshi
I told GTO she didn’t have to go back in. She could go to the waiting room. She wanted to go back in and see it through. She’s as strong as she is smart.
Digital production
Charles Hillenbrand is tormented by grief. When sinister whispers in the night begin to taunt him, he tries to uncover the evil truth behind Naomi's death. But long-buried secrets await him and threaten to take him beyond the brink of sanity, to a place where he could lose his very soul.
A week or so went by and then at 17:38 on 19th December, which was while I was still in hospital, recovering from surgery, I had a call from Audi York! I took the call (I was just waiting for tea at the time) and was told that they could to the dashboard replacement for £800 instead! This wasn't the guy I'd talked to before, so I explained the points I'd made before about the existing fault (I also said that there was no way I could afford £800). I was put through to the same guy as before who told me that the original fault that Audi replaced the dashboards for had symptoms where the fuel guage would read zero for example, my car had a different problem. I politely suggested that the fault could still be related to the same cause, i.e. a sub-standard component, and that, for example the dashboard on my old Rover 45 diesel had never failed once; I expected better from Audi.
Paper: Whisper white, daffodil delight, calypso coral, lucky limeade, floral district DSP
… in eastern Congo, rape—extremely violent rape—“is soldiers’ work,” one of the rapists told one of his victims.
In much of the nation teachers are still stuck fighting for jobs. Here in Texas, for example, the Texas Lege didn’t get a budget out until June, including dramatically slashed funding for this coming school year. In some Texas districts we still face layoffs before school starts in just over two weeks. Many of us don’t have clear assignments, and many more of us will lose basics of teaching, like preparation time, breaks, classrooms, paper, books, and pencils.
And then I laugh at the drama queen within and know it is just a moment of apprehension.
There is no comparison "crackpot wise" when it comes to the reclusive regime of North Korea, at least with the Iranian Mullah’s, who are driven by some distorted interpretation of the “Religion of Peace”, there is no excuse for the North Korean’s – making them somehow more dangerous.
Preheat the oven to 350-degrees F. Line two cupcake pans with paper liners. (If you only have one muffin pan, simply cook half of the graham cracker and cupcake mixture and then repeat.) In a small mixing bowl, combine the graham cracker crumbs, sugar and melted butter; mix well with a fork. Drop a heaping 1 Tablespoon of the graham cracker mixture in the bottom of each cupcake liner and press down to line the bottom. (Set the rest of the crumbs aside and mix half (1-ounce) of the grated Hershey Bar with them.) Bake until golden and lightly fragrant, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle the other half of the grated Hershey's Bar on top of the warm crusts and let cool.
for the Wolf to strike.
We philosophize with Harrison about these and other adventures over beers at a dockside bar along the wide Suwannee River. He’s having fun showing us his favorite haunts. “But this is just scratching the surface,” he says with a wink, after an incredible nine hours of manic touring. “You need to come back and do a three- or four-day trip out here. We’ll camp on one of the islands….”
You have raised me to be strong,
But along the way something terrible happened to this sweet-faced little boy.
It is at this point that we see the effects of such a delirious lifestyle. The final scenes of the film move at a lugubrious pace, providing a sobering respite to the preceding hysteria. They depict human beings as individuals in naked isolation, doing whatever we can to find a foothold what is essentially an indifferent universe. Bewildered old men wander alone amidst the crowds, searching for some sort of direction; firefighters sift through the remnants of a residential inferno, while paramedics assist a vagrant off the street and into an ambulance. Inside a hospital, an elderly patient limply beats her withered hand against her bed until a nurse takes heed of her call and clasps the woman's hand in her own. Such simple interactions are imbued with enormous pathos by Fricke's delicate framing and Glass's elegiac choral arrangement, and the film closes with an upward gaze: the footage of an Atlas rocket on an unmanned test flight. As the rocket soars through a perfectly blue sky, it slowly veers off-course, then explodes; the resultant cloud of debris plummets slowly back to the Earth. The self-destructive nature of human society could hardly be more eloquently stated than through the visual analogy of a flaming piece of shrapnel spiraling downward against a flawless backdrop, an image which freezes on the screen before dissolving into the same pictogram which opened the film. This transition from fiery destruction to ultimate renewal segues perfectly into the admonitions posited by the Hopi, the Native American tribe from which Koyaanisqatsi derived its title. The Hopi prophecies which provide the film with its coda prove to be wholly prescient, warning of the dire consequences which await those who allow their own hubris to supersede their reliance upon the Earth. It is a message which remains as urgent today as when Reggio first pleaded his case for a saner world almost three decades ago.
I had a moving experience last night. The Countess and I went to Loews Jersey to see a double bill of A Night to Remember and The Poseidon Adventure. I’ll probably scribble a few notes about the former film here today or tomorrow, but in the meantime, a few remarks about the latter. It has always held a lot of meaning for me, being the first film I ever saw in a cinema (I was 7 when it came out). It turns 40 years old this year — rather a wake-up call. I’ll undoubtedly spill a bunch more on the topic this December when the actual anniversary rolls around, but in the meantime, I thought I’d share an article I wrote for Liberty magazine back in 2006 when the dreadful “remake” Poseidon came out:
Yes, God gave this authority to men, plural. What authority is that? Not just the authority to perform miracles, but also the authority to forgive sins.
I do know that there is a release, the belated release. A justly or unjustly ruined reputation, poverty, disastrous circumstances, misfortune, they all turn you into a prisoner. You cannot always tell what keeps you confined, what immures you, what seems to bury you, and yet you can feel those elusive bars, railings, walls. Is all this illusion, imagination? I don't think so. And then one asks: My God! will it be for long, will it be for ever, will it be for eternity?
The blinding light comes through me.
– They got him!
I looked again just now to see what happened next. Yesterday, October 23, ended up going to 1636, so that messed up the design, but it was pretty there for a while yesterday.
Ever the romantics we are! We've always said we wouldn't bother with Valentine's Day and I'm not sure how this translates to our anniversary too, but obviously somewhere in the annals of MM's brain it does. Actually I'm not complaining because the first anniversary is traditionally paper, so my present to him was neither romantic nor exciting, merely practical.
"My Boyfriend Scales Walls"
That less experience doesn't mean someone is less important.
Even the manager has his attention drawn to the matter of summer recruitment. Sol Campbell’s ill-judged comments – which in the former player’s defence – echo comments he made not so long ago; he is consistent in his output but they brought an unusually ascerbic response from the manager; a nerve has clearly been touched. Too often in summer months, a player’s potential value to the team is judged by the size of his transfer fee rather than his actual ability.
Even though he's uncertain how strong his feelings are for Callum, Brian encourages him to see other guys. This backfires in a rather unexpected way. Callum meets his second boyfriend Simon. Simon might just be a better suitor - he's a bit more romantic and a lot less brash than Brian.
I already knew we were going to do baby-led solids, and he was telling me he was ready to eat! However, he seriously chokes on everything. Everything! I want to know how those other babies are not joking on pizza and meat? They only have a few teeth, they can’t be doing that much chewing! But back to Malachi. He really, really wants to eat! So now I am that mom who has to mash up and feed her son every little bite. (Can you even mash up pizza?) I never wanted to have to mes with ‘baby’ food. Honestly, the thought of baby-less solids was partly the convenience. (Baby eats what you eat, how you eat it.) The kid is just so darn greedy when it comes to food he couldn’t take a small bite (or limit himself to one bite at a time) if his life depended on it. And what with the choking and all, his life kinda does depend on it. It doesn’t help that we don’t have a high chair yet, because there is no where I can strap him in that has a tray so he can just explore food himself. I can’t wait till we either A) get a high chair, or B) it is warm enough that we can have picnics outside and keep the mess off my clean floors.
On that trip to the martial arts school I found out that there was going to be the once a year progress check for the brown belt students on November 8. The progress check occurs–once a year — to determine which of the brown belt students are ready to enter a 10 month long black belt preparation period to potentially qualify those students for a two day black belt exam the following October. The two day test would then determine whether the student would be awarded their probationary black belt.
START/BLOG TRAIN
Now I ask you, what is the point of trying to teach them the difference between 'nice' words and 'naughty' words, when this is the shit they're learning from school? I know I should be outraged. And I probably will be just as soon as I can stop giggling about it.
If only all bands could be as forthcoming with information as this lot, rather than hiding away like the enigmas they so frequently seem to want to be...
Working with one log at a time, cut into 1/2-inch slices on the diagonal using a serrated knife. Transfer the biscotti to the baking sheet, cut side down. Bake for 12-15 minutes, or until the biscotti are light golden brown and crisp on both sides. Transfer the pan to a wire rack and cool completely.
I am really enjoying this series and can't wait to read the next one.
I am writing about the slave trade from Africa to Cuba because of its influence on the music there. According to Sublette, Havana had a bigger music scene from “the early days of Spanish Colonization of the New world” than “the rest of the Antilles put together.” However, Sublette doesn’t delve into this point right afterwards but rather goes into the similarities and differences in African American and Afro-Cuban music (probably because of the slave trades influence on both America and Cuba), citing, “call and response, importance of rhythm, and spirit possession.”
The woman and I both looked at him.
DCC RPG is pretty interesting. We played zero level characters "The Funnel" I believe is what it is called. My wife wasn't sure about running 4 characters at once but she quickly got into it. The characters were basically lowly peasant smucks an were dropping like flies! The party had lost 2 by the second room and another was injured! LOL By the end of the adventure we had lost TEN characters!!! I managed to keep three of my four alive and my wife lost 2 of her four, it was alot of fun. We didn't use the new dice types too much: d24 etc.. but I'm definately gonna pick this up when it comes out. The crit tables alone are awesome! My wife admitted after the game that she really like the "Funnel" concept and would definately be up to playing DCC again. I think she will be playing "Helgestus the Armorer" Now a first level fighter again for sure!
niḥśreyasāya viṣayaḥ khalu sarvataḥ syāt
My base is Bazzill Bling and the designer paper is Pink Paisley 365*. I cut the Wrought Iron border with a Martha Stewart around the page punch and used it to mat my focal image which is stamped in black on GPW and then highlighted with Twinkling H2Os. I used Wild Vine, Sunburst and French Vanilla and painted them on in layers to give sparkle and depth to the gorgeous wild grasses. The sentiment is computer generated and the entire panel is sponged with Old Olive. I surrounded the inner panel with Spring Mix Flower Soft. I was going for that field of wild flowers look. LOL! May Arts silk ribbon finishes it off along with 3 little Hero Arts Pearls. I hope you like it. Think of the many uses for this really unique and cool stamp! Laura really outdid herself in drawing this stamp. I can't wait to try it on a layout!!!
How do you keep the passion burning in your relationship with storytelling?
3 T flour
We just need a spark
When I commented about this on Facebook, several people suggested it was a fallout from the recent publicity unschooling has been getting. I can't speak for anywhere else, but I know that that's certainly not the case here! The general population in Quebec pays very little (I'd go so far as to say no) attention to news in the States. And even beyond that, this isn't something that recent: I think the last several years have shown an increase.
This colour trend is revolutionizing our wardrobe, and since our last shoot Adriana and I have been wanting to post another look showcasing this hue.
* The survivors built pyramids to heal and stabilize the Earth on its axis in the aftermath of this catastrophe;
The Printmaker’s Ball last night at the Hot House was a success beyond anyone’s anticipation.
8:45-9:15: We play on the floor, practicing standing and pulling up
But deep below, in the dark webbing of undersea buttresses, where barrel vaults are covered with scabs of bleached coral, future geologists will be found scuba diving, like Steve Zissou, seeking out new metals and mineral deposits, torch in hand, scouring the outer edge of a flooded earth, diving further and further toward the core.
course designed specifically Magazine plus Gallery , and do not forget I also
As the picture I took last May at the airport shows, Ghana's NACOB (Narcotic Board) has increasingly been reminding Ghanaians about the need to be vigilant in how they handle luggage--never mind the risks of carrying narcotic drugs.
Stacking Chair
Every TV news-cast has, over the last few hours, been reaching out to people who had touched the hem of the garment; from Rabbis to Rappers; from lawyers to tax avoidance authorities; from medication experts to a-z list celebrities. If they can’t get them in the studio, they want them on the ‘phone with the prime requisite being… make sure your people can supply a picture of you cuddling up to Jacko. Illustrate to our viewers that yes, you knew (no matter how fleetingly) the man-child himself.
Elmo Hope (Piano)
Hmmmm...
- Os Mutantes - Best Of Os Mutantes -- Everything Is Possible! - 1999
I feel like Jekyll and Hyde right now, I don’t want to be alone but I am trying to be alone. It’s so hard when there is so much to digest and think about and back to my previous post, with no one to talk to but my laptop. There’s all this noise in my head, feelings I want to wade through, scenarios I want to visit, insecurities I need to spill out, someone to hold my hand and just talk to me, or even just listen to me, they wouldn’t even need to talk, just be my presence as I sit here with tears creeping and no sound as I let the emotions tear through and the voices loose for a just a little while. Just please hold my hand.
Until we get caught
I did hear that cabal insiders have already planted demolition charges to blow up a large number of critical bridges and runways – isolating various geographical regions and causing food shortages for a period of time.
sunday morning i was both happy and sad to leave...this shot is right before the traffic jammed up because of a wreck...oh yes, atlanta traffic. though i miss living in a big city - there are certainly things that i do not miss. traffic is one.
It’s hard to be anything other than equivocal about the rumbling Hungarian crisis. On the one hand, Magyar Prime Minister Victor Orban appears to be in the same Bonkers League as Recep Erdogan, displaying as he does the familiar mix of controlling political power-grabs, while pursuing economic policies best described as All over the Place. But on the other hand, Orban was elected with an overwhelming majority, he inherited most of the fiscal problems from the previous deficit-obsessed New Labour-style government (Peter Mandelson had quite a few ‘friends’ in it), and Orban told the IMF where to get off last year because he didn’t think its austerity programme made sense. Events sort of support Viktor on that one.
with no barriers.
When I was a younger, I often bought used chairs from the restaurant supply stores on the Bowery in New York. The chairs were around $2. each back then. They were a perfect scale for an apartment, and the were sturdy, and the design whilst boring, was clean and classic. The chair could be painted, and the fabric on the seat and back could be changed out easily with a yard of fabric and a staple gun.
I was decidedly preaching to the choir. Regardless of Harvey's eccentricities or habits, this unusual man was surrounded by friends - people who understood him, accepted him, and loved him for who he was. Hellen, of course, was a no-brainer, as she could easily win the Miss Congeniality award. So here is what I wrote and read aloud to our group of friends on the 4th wedding anniversary of Hellen and Harvey on 11/11/11:
Dennis Lawrence Devlin, 51, Washingtonville, N.Y.
Now for the good news. My sweet family got me a Wii and a Wii fit for Christmas. ( okay in all honesty I told them it was all I wanted and I would help pay ) My sweet hubby went in with them and I received this very extravagant gift.
303 See in her cell sad Eloisa spread,
Genesee Cream Ale, also in the Heritage Collection, was first brewed in 1960 and has won numerous awards, including two gold medals at the Great American Beer Festival. All three beers in the Heritage Collection are embossed with a signature letter “G” for Genesee, and adorned with classic labels reminiscent of the packaging used at the height of the beers’ popularity.
The chitchat has died
If you fancy winning a copy of the book and a How to Keep a Boy as a Pet T-shirt head over to the Electric Monkey website now to enter: http://www.electricmonkeybooks.co.uk/competitions/how-to-keep-a-boy-as-a-pet-competition/
However, multicultural Britain was no more on show on the streets surrounding Westminster abbey on the day of the Royal Wedding than it is on the streets of Wooton Bassett at each repatriation.
I knew very little about any of these characters prior to reading this novel so the part of me that enjoys biography and learning about the past blended beautifully with my love of fiction. A dash of romance, some Victorian madness and the taboos of that time period (some of which are still taboos today) kept me enthralled to the last page. Closing the book for the final time I felt a little bereft that I had reached the end.
Yesterday I went to see River Plate playing against Godoy Cruz, from Mendoza. I really don't want to get into football banter, but River play really badly and need to get real to get to their deserved status. Anyway, the way how I got dragged into this game was unexpected. A friend from work phoned me when I was CD shopping in Florida "Vamos ver River", "When", I asked,. "En 1 hora!"... So, there you go, I had to get to the other side of Buenos Aires and hope the bus didn't crash.
Too many of those.
He took off back inside the house and although I was busting to laugh, I knew better and stayed quiet as a little mouse.
You’re not worth the try?
A: ‘That’s okay’.
What if …
You’re someone worth dying for
Me: Do you know why we are here?
Also- it has to be, since I have the much anticipated and maybe even a bit dreaded 10 Mile Run this evening.
Work Synthetic Stuff Sales don’t end up being very unique, the idea ensures office space of course aspects such as lip stick, mascara, INSIDE DIAMETER, driver’ g provide, ipod, etc.
I never get sent any beer.
Sophia and I met up with some of the other support crews for other runners at Winfield. We were all worried about our own runners, for it had been an unseasonably hot day. The Hope Pass climb (on both sides of the mountain) was fully-exposed to the sun, and there was no relief from the heat. Greg rolled-in, right on schedule. At the aid station, he had to step onto the official race scale, to get weighed. He was 7 or 8 pounds lighter than what he had been at the start of the race. We sat him down, and proceeded to get him soup, fluids, and foods that he could “keep down.” After about 15 minutes, we threw his Nathan Pack onto Sophia’s back, and they headed out, onto the miserably dusty road toward Hope Pass.
Consider the lovely 80 watt panels you see for sale at your local store. One would think that one of these should provide most of our power needs. Not so. In order to figure the solar panel we need to convert from watts to amps by dividing by the voltage of the panel which is about 18. This gives us a rate of about 4 amps per hour. Because the sun moves during the day and the boat is also moving the most common thing is to mount the panels horizontally. We consider that we get a total of five hours worth of sun a day, so that 80 watt panel will give us about 20 amps per day or about half of what the fridge needs. Don’t even talk to me about the smaller panels you see advertised.
(新加坡終於都感受到香港既苦況了. 新加坡比香港好, 隔了成個南中國海 + 獨立主權國家 . 有腰骨, 有膊頭)
I truly wondered what I was doing.
This little card is based on dots of course! And the pink is for her and the grey is for me... best to combine the both of these... hey!!
This little cutie is a Giili stamp in her Pj's! She totally reminds me of the jammies I like to wear in the winter to get cozy! I used a new Cherry Lynn die for my sun and a EK Success border punch. I paper pieced her jammies and added stickles to her bow and pockets. All tied to together with a big satin bow! I could just see her stumble into the kitchen to her parents in the morning with a big "Hi!" If it were me it would probably be a grunt. (I'm not a morning person) It takes me a little bit to wake up and be cheery, my husband total opposite. God certainly has a sense of humour when he puts opposites together, don't ya think?
Or maybe that's just the A.D.D. talking.
MAIN CARD (Pay-per-view)
This is not to say that Graham Gouldman looked in need of any of these things. He just didn't look rich, that's all.
In the good old days, “government service” meant everybody in the service of the government, from the boss babu to the head clerk to the peon. But in new fangled industries, in the era of “outsourcing”, some of those traditional constructs disappear as specialistation kicks in.
hot summer days...
Junsu sees his lover busy preparing for his presentation. “Chunnie…” Junsu whined. “Can you do that later? We’ve just finished making love…” Yoochun look at his love who’s still stark naked.
And that's when I realized ASCP was never intended for illustration. I had to learn to work with it, which really wasn't that difficult, just different from what I expected. You can't blend color on the image or easily add color to wet paint. The technique is more like painting with acrylics using a pallet knife.
Me: It means that you aren't alive anymore.
I’m a pretty laid-back, bubbly person. It takes a lot to offend me. What offends me in even small doses, though, is people assuming that I’m worth less than they are. I see that a lot in my job. Being a security guard means being the person everyone can shit on. I’m an idiot and a rent-a-cop, but I’m the one trusted to stop people’s family and friends and check to see if they’re on a list, then hold them up to give them a pass if they are and call the resident if they aren’t. The residents don’t understand why I’m calling for their mom or their bff when it’s SO obvious I should just let that person in. The guests don’t understand why I have to give them a pass and check it every time they come in. All-around, people feel like my job is a waste of time. Of course I agree, and you bet your ass I’d never move into a gated community, but as long as someone is paranoid enough to want someone outside their house shaking down their friends and family, I get a pretty sweet, steady paycheck. The problem lies in the fact that everyone feels like their time is worth more than mine. If I were a man, this would result in shouting and name-calling. It still does occasionally, but I generally get the Sweetheart Treatment. “Oh hi, sweetie!” *Wave and smile while rolling up window and driving toward the closed gate without slowing down. Realize the gate is closed, slam on breaks, look back at me and point at the gate angrily.*
57. Rain ah fall ah roof yuh put barrel fuh ketch am. There is an opportunity for everyone and you must try to grasp it.
Whew... it was a long day but also a very productive day. She loves the Haiku Mill and it would be a perfect place for her 130-person wedding. This is the 3rd Haiku Mill wedding that I have booked in the last 2 months! More and more people are finding out about this "hidden gem"! It really is a magical place.
One of the quilts I've recently completed- she asked for a simple border pattern, and this is what we came up with. I've never used this before, but I really like it- I think it fits this quilt.
What's the one thing you think readers would be surprised to know about you?
“Some rulers… Some rulers… Some rulers make their pilgrimage to Washington.
Rowena attempts to explain that she is innocent, and that Beatrix is the real problem. Warrick isn't easily convinced.
Happy weekend, everyone!
Both the bottles of water and the various sealed food packages were untouched, but death has been attributed to neither dehydration nor starvation. One officer at the scene commented that it Prentiss appeared “welded” to the wall of the machine, upon extrication the body promptly “fell apart.” Ballard and Oscen were escorted from the scene in handcuffs. Illustr8 was quickly dissolved; those employees still capable of functioning in the work force went on to careers in other areas than game development, the rest were committed to various mental institutions. When sought after for comments, most employees have been notoriously close-mouthed on their experiences, either out of perceived loyalty to the developers or perhaps mental trauma. One of the only direct descriptions of the experience was given by the anonymous court employee during the trial of Ballard and Oscen:
With that, he opened the fire extinguisher,
This is not the full list of how this man has been a disaster for world peace and national security. And it is a list that is ignored by hist supporters who think with their emotions and who have their hands out for more of their share of their neighbor’s earnings.
So where I am going with this? I'm going to take a blogging break for the month of April. Hopefully in that time I can catch up on replies and visiting some of your blogs, too, but I must do a few other things first:
In mid November, we went for one night trip to Hudson Valley area. We went to Hudson Valley last year also. (Click here for the post of last year Hudson Valley visit. Hudson Valley 1. Hudson Valley 2)
fallen piñatas full of slippery promises
Not only to our family but also to the plight of orphans.
embrace it xo
(The tableau fades out.)
October is upon us. What does that mean? Dia de los Muertos is almost here!
You will have no idea what I am talking about if you have never seen the epic, “Clash of the Titans.” The Kraken appears in the 1981 movie, starring Harry Hamlin and an owl. And other people and stuff. But, the Kraken was my favorite character, mainly because I immediately liked the quote. The Kraken was a monster with four arms who lived under the sea. When one of the gods, Zeus, or some character named Calibos, I believe, said to “Release the Kraken,” an underwater gate lifted and the the monster reared its ugly head.
Patti's challenge is to create a Thank You card.
Of course, the Someday podcast will be out later in the week too but we won't be on air for the next three Sunday's because I'm heading to Australia on Friday for the Melbourne International Comedy Festival. I'm looking forward to that. Obviously.
More than two decades ago now my wife and I were returning to our car with a few friends after picketing an adult bookstore. Before the advent of internet pornography, these bookstores were multiplying in the Lafayette area and we joined with others to picket them. The negative attention drove down their sales. Some even closed. On this particular day one in our group noticed that a young man, who had come out of the bookstore, had followed us to our car, gotten into his own vehicle, and was watching us in his rear view mirror across the lot. Not wanting to have someone follow us home, I went over to speak to him.
What if today, right now, no jokes at all, you were actually in charge, the boss, the Head Honcho. Write the “call to arms” note you’re sending to everyone (staff, customers, suppliers, Board) charting the path ahead for the next 12 months and the next 5 years. Now take this manifesto, print it out somewhere you can see, preferably in big letters you can read from your chair.
2nd Chance Poems or 1st time shares
I was OK with Cetaphil's bland, boring, goody-goody image, but I never felt that it got my face clean. It's so mild that it feels like I'm rubbing hand lotion or ladies' shaving cream on my face.
Everyone from everywhere was free to come on board;
But, in the mid 1990′s gays legally were able to serve in the Canadian military, by the late 1990′s gays and lesbians were legally protected from discrimination in housing and employment in 2000, gays and lesbians could be legally deemed common law married and in 2003, we were able to actually get married.
So come by Barnes and Noble and meet me. I’d like to get out of my writing malaise and visit with other Western Colorado writers, Gail
To his great credit, despite appearing uncomfortable and developing a slightly nervous laugh, as anyone might in the face of such a sustained onslaught, Nick Griffin maintained his composure and treated those attacking him with courtesy and politeness whilst managing to land some some very telling blows on his opponents. I was especially impressed at how Griffin exposed the hypocrisy of the deeply unpleasant Justice Secretary Jack Straw who had just given a pompous lecture about Britain's struggle against the Nazis, implying that the BNP were on the side of the fascists, by pointing out that, whilst his (Griffin's) father had been in the RAF during the war, Straw's father had been in prison for refusing to fight the Nazis.
Good morning my crafty friends
I love this jacket--100% cotton, already lightly sequined (meaning: begging for more sequins and beads), very flattering on--it looks better on me than it does on Ricë, and I don't know why--there's something about it when you put it on over jeans and move around in it--I guess the sparkliness or something. Anyway, I fell in love with it, never mind that I need another colorful jacket like I need a hole in my head. Good grief, do I have a lot of coats and jackets. I justify this by pointing out that I'm always cold.
I’ve told you about our local gym before. It’s small – really small – and not remotely fancy. It doesn’t open all the time cos it’s run on a shoestring – and the membership fees are paltry (yet, even so, a lot of local people can’t afford it). But, anyhow, that’s all moot because it’s shutting.
Technology has a demand curve that drastically drops once it becomes a commodity. Property managers should take great care in understanding this curve for each technology they are purchasing. This is where collaboration and trust is most valuable from venders. Create a synergistic relationship so everyone understands the road map and objective. Going to bid never earns you expertise and consultation; it usually results in a cheap product. Trust your venders to take the lead on sustainable technology.
4) No Man's Land (1987)
As the fight grew, Mathews began to take control as he won the second on sheer accuracy & from there on in, the Liverpudlian was firmly in the ascendency.
It’s not often I say this, but I actually feel this book was a bit too short. I feel as though the ending was a bit rushed and lacking in depth compared to the rest of the novel, which worked so hard to establish so much. Another 30-40 pages could’ve really made a huge difference in Emma’s change of mind for me, how she realises that she was so wrong. A bit more on Emma’s acceptance of her feelings and Peter’s role in her life would’ve made a big difference for me.
Mod Podge,
Has the left also not been guilty of great excess in its extreme manifestations? Absolutely! So is there parity here? Absolutely not! Why? Because the ‘ideal’ in one instance involves exclusion whereas in the other case it doesn’t. So for example when you say that a country must be primarily for Muslims or for Hindus you are excluding people in a definitional sense. If you on the other hand say that all people in a society must more or less belong to the same class this might be a pipe-dream, the implementation of which always involves great violence (pragmatically), but this is an inclusive utopianism. It is the stated or implicit goal of most democracies! So in one instance one could agree with the ‘ideal’ but not some of the means used to pursue these. In the other case it’s hard to even accept the ideal (leaving those who are committed to such.. but then you can get people to commit to anything.. need I mention Nazism?).
Office of the Attorney General
Nan Goldin • Heart-shaped bruise, NYC, 1980 • color slide • From The Ballad of Sexual Dependency SOURCE: Artforum.com
5. Bake the biscuits 12-15 mins, or until golden brown. Serve hot.
They get even better with a butter sauce filled with mushrooms and peas. Top it off with Parmesan cheese and you’re set for an enjoyable meal. Homemade ricotta is creamier and more flavorful than what comes from the store. Do yourself a treat and make some. It only requires cream, whole milk, lemon juice, salt and some cheesecloth to allow for the moisture to seep out.
It seemed as if the 1996 victory would herald a sustained period of success. In 1998, Bafana reached the final of the Nations Cup and qualified for the World Cup for the first time. But it didn't last. The decline has been steady, with each Cup of Nations performance worse than the last. Bafana now stand at 77 in the Fifa rankings.
I am going to bomard you with detail photos later, but for now.. nighty night my sweets (meaning my shoes and my darling readers)
HarperTorch 2004
Anything by Pearl Jam.
Um, ok.....will this conversation make me wreck my car??
Aussie star Teresa Palmer posed for photographers on the red carpet at the Australian premiere of her movie, Wish You Were Here, held at Hoyts Cinemas Entertainment Quarter on Monday (March 19) in Sydney, Australia.
Even though it’s the Iron Ball Pokemon, it doesn’t really look like an iron ball; only the head sorta looks like a ball.
…and much more!
Last night, I caffeinated-up with the intention of cleaning for an hour, writing for an hour, then going to bed. Instead, I played on Facebook and a homeschool message board and wasn't a bit tired when Kyle headed to bed. The kids were in bed. The kitchen was quiet. No one was using the CD player. I had an audio book beckoning me. The time to clean out the craft supplies had come.
We saw our doctor again today. At our last meeting he presented us with our options: to continue the pregnancy or terminate. Not wanting to sway us one way or the other, he implied that 50% of people chose to continue, 50% chose to terminate. This was OUR decision and we needed to figure out what was right for US. He gave us a few days to think it over and now we were reporting back to him. Fortunately, he had the compassion and flexibility to be able to see us after regular business hours. I really appreciated that.
Over the coming years the main “challenge” for the city will be to create more jobs, particularly in the private sector. The Scottish Government and the Glasgow City council are working together to help make a better Scotland. Black said: “We also need to work harder to improve over recycling efforts and tackle drugs and alcohol misuse. We need to have a well educated, well trained workforce available for new employers.” In light of this, if Glasgow’s economy improves over the next couple of years, Scotland can look forward to a bright future independently.
Complete chapter 5 of episode 1.
Dopey opens his briefcase on the coffee table, and my eyes practically bulge out of their sockets. It's filled with hundred-dollar bills. They look delicious. Briefly, I wonder how many I can fit in my mouth. "Our government," he continues, "is prepared to offer you five million dollars for that letter."
Juarense women cannot be seen as a homogenous group of “Third World subalterns.” This (mis)representation has had serious implications in that privileged women in the locality have been uncritically and socially constructed as the benefactors when they, intentionally or not, have perpetuated oppressive practices toward underprivileged women in Ciudad Juarez.
Choose one idea or combine a few on her special day. Which ever idea you choose, she will surely love it because it is a gift from you! Which gift idea is your favorite? Share with us!
CAG (Christian Authors Guild) Spotlight is a podcast posted each month. It highlights authors and VIPs in the writing industry.
It is possible to negotiate over the percentage of Rakeback by searching over the best internet sites. There’s countless Rakeback internet sites partner where you may discover poker rooms in a huge number. It is possible to pick the poker room which provides you the best deal. Just before moving on to these sites for playing it could be much better to know how Rakeback works in actual.
your ideas.”
3) Then, exhausted and sticky at the end of an overheated day (head scarves are sweaty), took some disappointing photos.
This morning I felt a bit better. A double white mocha and an oatmeal cookie later, the thought came in louder "I CAN do this".
As many of you know, we have 11 Hooligans. 9 hens, 2 roosters We knew going into this, that 2 roosters might be too many, but we weren't willing to get rid of any. Unfortunately until we do something about a rooster, the girls are paying the price. Optimal is one rooster per 12-20 hens. Our other issue is the Buckeye roosters are enormous, they run right around 9 lbs, and the hens at around 4-5 lbs.
TV has been hammering me with trailers for the new John Carter movie for over a month now, and it worked. Heck, I couldn’t even wait for the movie. I had to bust out my old Science Fiction Book Club volumes and dive back into the world of Barsoom.
Obviously, he made a wrong turn in the forest, Kata thought. The pastor walked back home, pleading the entire way for just one family.
Michelle Williams, My Week with Marilyn
beneath my toe
Flowers/Metal Corner - Wild Orchid Crafts
As Jesus repeatedly says, money and what we do with it is an integral part of life within the kingdom of God. It is a profoundly spiritual matter. Lots tends to get written about the need to give generously as a sign of God’s grace working in a Christian’s life (Zaccheus for example). But less is said I think about those receiving the money. There is a huge issue of trust here and I’ve felt this more than ever before in the last few weeks.
The test is simple. Drink the bottled version, then drink the canned version, and compare the two. In order to keep things on the up-and-up, both beers were poured into and drank from the same pint glass, after a quick wash between samplings. This wasn't going to be your generic tasting, either—no deep examinations of flavor profiles or body or any of those other pretentious things we beer geeks like to do. For this exercise I didn't care what the beer tasted like, just if there was a difference between the two.
SO...I've been remiss and passed up a couple of chances to talk about this unique collaboration beer from 3 Floyds and Half Acre.
detailed budget of Benue
Seadrill said that such an expansion could include a joint venture with SapuraCrest Petroleum of Malaysia which recently, through a wholly owned subsidiary, entered into agreements with Petrobras for five-year charters of three pipe laying support vessels to be built for operations in Brazil. Two of the vessels are to be built outside Brazil, while one will be built in Brazil. Commencement of operations for the vessels is planned to start by October 2014. Seadrill, through its subsidiaries, would have a 50% equity participation in entities which will enter into charter and services agreements with Petrobras with respect to the support vessels. Seadrill has a 23.6% equity interest in SapuraCrest.
The big apple, the symbol of Mrs. Obama's Let's Move! campaign, was made with the apples that had been used in the floral centerpieces for Thursday's State Dinner decorations. Most of these were artificial apples, according to an East Wing spokesman. The big apple also used faux apples from White House Christmases past.
It is also an odd sensation to be happy that someone is dead. – And don’t take that the wrong way, if she could live forever, the way I knew her when I was a child, I would make it so, because there isn’t a person in the world who doesn’t deserve a chance to know her at her greatest – But the truth is, she was suffering, for so long, and with death, I do believe she is a alleviated of that pain.
Cooper’s Hawk 1
"COME BACK TO THE ROOM. NOW!"
If you're using a guide for size (I did because I had a specific use in mind), lay it on your work surface. Then lay your cardboard circle on top and secure with a pin.
6 large burrito-size flour tortillas
The second part of the challenge was to post a pic of ourself or someone else in a "Not to wear" outfit...although I surely have enough of them and quite honestly have worn my fair share...I was unable to find a picture...(thankfully....that means I didn't get caught....yet)...
You only live once.
- Fresh whole pork tenderloin $4.99/lb ($11.00/kg)
A 13-month-old German Shepherd, hand picked from the Netherlands, will be the next Muskegon County Sheriff’s Office K-9 deputy.
Several critical items related to NASA's next-generation James Webb Space Telescope are being tested in the giant thermal vacuum test chamber at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, Md.
Why do some people prefer not to know where they are from? Why do some prefer not to search? I started searching as soon as I could figure a computer out and have never regretted it, even though it took me 13 years and I didn’t find anyone in the end. No, I was the one who was to be found. ~~Me~~
Would you like to win Thanks Bee to Thee? If so, please leave a comment on this post and we'll randomly draw a winner! You have until 9:00 pm Pacific tonight to make the rounds and leave a comment. Good luck!
