7) Sear chunks of pork in batches.
I suspect that, in today’s pressured environment, the need to perform and produce has shortened that 100 days down – in some cases to 100 hours.
31.- Mother to guard her tongue and spirit.
As a gaming machine, the Erazer packs in some of the most advanced laptop technology. Because video games are so demanding, specifications have to be up to the task. But we get the impression that if this carried an Alienware, Qosmio or MSI logo, you could see another £500 added to the price.
and the long wait for communication from boot camp.
They had to point out that it was for everyone to eat. Now I was not really sure of this, but I thought that since they gave it to me, then I have the liberty of taking it home. I have a twin brother, so I was thinking of sharing the cake with him. I did not notice the cake was already sliced equal to the number of teammates I have, including my boss.
3. He knows who you’re referring to when you say the “devil wears denim tuxedos.”
This shortest day,
Ok, no joke: I am excited about this week. Just last night I finished my last class and so I am heading into Spring Break mode. The anxieties in my life right now are all over the map, some being very small (I need to shampoo my carpets!) to very big (we have no idea what we will be doing in 5 months!). I am having a hard time sleeping. I am having a hard time being a pleasant conversationalist. I am a little stressed.
Then we found a helpful shopping list for non-GMOs (non-genetically modified organisms). And we decided to try to eat 100% organic for the time being, including grass-fed beef, cage-free chicken, and dairy products that are organic and do not continue r-BGH (bovine growth hormone). Eventually, we want to remove more and more processed foods from our diet even if the food is organic. But you have to start somewhere, right?
At the end of the row, sits Suzanne. It's difficult to see but her little doll is in her hand. On her lap and next to her rests a bunch of dolls' clothes . Suzanne changed her own and her doll's outfits as often as possible throughout the day. Our mother laughs that every time she turned her back, Suzanne had put on something different. Her dolls sported makeup and lavish hairstyles. As a teenager, she filled our fridge with weird home-concocted skin potions resulting in family guessing as to their ingredients. At 48, she has an amazing body and looks many years younger. Her home is as beautiful and fashionable as she is. Despite having four children in five years, she was back into her size 4 jeans within weeks of each birth. Her four children, even as babies, were always dressed in the latest designer fashions, their hair and accessories, impeccable. Of course, her only daughter has grown up to become fashion averse.
The sun is hot today and I got 2 loads of laundry hung in the solar dryer.
I've never ran successfully in my entire life, I guess my body was never made for it (I can hear the groans about that excuse) but I admire those who can and do run and who look after themselves. The added bonus of giving to charity for the effort is such a good idea and they have my congratulations.
12g ground almonds
This point leads to the fourth point on other reason people don’t like Kpop. Many people don’t like Kpop because the idols have plastic surgery.
b) determined set number of 1/2 dozen or dozen per each person attending plus your extra to share at the party
Serious.
“Take us back to Earth, Vorgan. Now.” Her voice was threatening.
“I watched in horror knowing it was my turn once they were done with others. Everything fails when you are faced with terror. All my education, training in sports, presence of mind evaporated in thin air. I felt as if I was carved in stone but something kept telling me to fight till the end, to take that chance. I didn’t want to die like an animal if I could prevent it.”
In one bowl have your bread crumbs/panko. In another combine the olive oil, lime juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Dip you roll into the wet mixture first and then into the bread crumbs/panko. Cover well with crumbs. Place seam-down on a greased baking dish. Spray top with a light dusting of olive oil cooking spray… this will make everything turn a wonderful golden-brown!
Many times, we hear Christians say that “God told me” to do something. Unless it is written in God’s Word, God doesn’t tell me to believe your statement (even if you do believe it). If there is no reason I should believe that God told you, there is no reason to say it. The Bible doesn’t tell us to go around saying “God told me.”
So, as a recipient of the award, I have to tell you 7 things about myself. Ummm, this may be tricky, but here we go ....
Then, decide whether you would prefer to donate them or sell them.
When we are faced with having to make the heartbreaking decision to euthanize our beloved companion we usually leave our deceased pet in the trusted care of our Veterinarian. What he/she does not tell you is that it is going to be sent off to disposal company for rendering. In fact, dead animals picked up from veterinarian offices, zoos, animal shelters, and road kill are brought to these rendering plants in astonishing numbers!
Some of her much loved films include “The Merry Widow” in 1934 with Maurice Chevalier, “Naughty Marietta” in 1935 and “Rose-Marie” in 1936.
I may not be able to use this tool directly in my classes, but I can help my students by providing them with information I learn in this and other classes. When I think back to the VoiceThread assignment and how I copied and pasted all of the article links I used as references, I could have managed the references much easier if I had used Zotero and inserted and formatted them in a more professional manner. Many times, I had to look back to the articles for information I wanted to use, sometimes it would take me several attempts to find the correct link. If had had used Zotero I could have used tags to help me filter and find the information much quicker. I did think to myself that there had to be an easier way; little did I know I had already installed it. I have always found citing references so confusing, even using reference manuals and the internet the process just seems overwhelming. I would recommend anyone who is in high school or college to take advantage of this tool and us e it to its fullest potential.
An acoustic album, Nebraska is Springsteen’s starkest ever recording. He inhabits the voices of some of America’s most marginalised: petty criminals, disillusioned gunmen, and the rural poor. “Down here it’s just winners and losers, and don’t get caught on the wrong side of that line.” Originally supposed to be just a demo, it was first recorded straight onto a tape-cassette. Bruce later admitted he carried the tape around in his pocket for a couple of weeks before realising that it was going to be the album. Bleak in tone, Nebraska could be seen as a road trip through the more isolated parts of the US. Nebraska, Wyoming, Michigan County, New Jersey, and Atlantic City all get a mention.
Philyaw looked so much like Bogey that no one would believe it without actually seeing it, and even then they had a hard time believing it. It was said he’d caused fender-benders just walking down a sidewalk. Cheskis marveled that Philyaw, rather than trying to alter his looks, embraced them, smoking old-fashioned, no-filter cigarettes and dressing like Bogey --- in a forties hat and rumpled trench coat. In 1985 this apparel would be rare anywhere, but in Southern California it was rarer than bar mitzvah bacon.
I think I managed to pull it off okay. This photo doesn't fully display the glory of the do - but trust me, it looked great.
Now we are just waiting to hear back from the Hospital as to when we go for more testing.
His scruples about taking Delilah to bed vanish when his shrink suggests it's the only way to cure his problem. Thinking all he needs is one night with her, Samson indulges in a night of pleasure and passion.
The first one is, that all of these independent organizations agree on this action and they came to the conclusion that this is the best thing to do.
Their subsequent interactions are full of innuendos; titillating but never actually resulting in anything significant. While attending to him in the bath:
The basic elements are that Rafferty is out buying paint to redecorate his family's apartment when an American male crashes into him, dying in his arms, evidently shot by persons unknown. The dying man says three words and slips Rafferty a slip of paper, and he (Rafferty) is picked up by Thai security agents who demand to be told what the dying man told him. Rafferty discovers that there's a mysterious American behind the Thai interest in the affair, and suddenly Poke is on the run from the Thais and the American, who turns out to be Murphy, a ruthless former member of the notorious Phoenix Program and its crimes during the Vietnam War.
In addition to fighting fires in Alaska, Hot Shot crews from here often are called to battle blazes in the Lower 48 states. There's a major state base for the crews near the airport I pass on the way into town.
Rodin
There’s a whole lot of backstory to be developed before the world sees those 78 flashy stories.
‘Is he not coming in?’
yes, informed, I read the papers, watched the news,
The Open Beta is mainly a stress test for Blizzard so they can see how the servers handle a large amount of people. Even by logging in and playing for a little bit you are helping with a significant part of testing Diablo 3.
Our first couple of conversations were notable for their awkwardness.
Ryan & AJ's lunches: somen
Serrated Knife (electric ones work best)
My guild is new to heroic raiding in Dragon Soul thanks to timely nerfs and a raiding tier that was easier than previous ones. This is and was uncharted territory for me as the raid leader and I’m still getting used to the increased difficulty that heroic raiding presents. If you read an earlier post I wrote (Selective Perfection) you will understand why heroic raiding is an attractive option for me at endgame.
The wood The entire front page of a tabloid, given to the biggest stories
When he wrote his letter to the Philippians he commended them for their faithfulness in the things of the Lord. Then in response to that he penned in 4:19, “But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.”
I left Boston yesterday afternoon for a place where there is significantly more grass, trees, and other flora. While running this morning I was admiring the many colors when, in the distance, I saw a patch of grass with lots of purple speckled with large yellow dots. Even though I knew they were dandelions, common weeds, in that moment those yellow dots were the most beautiful thing I had ever seen.
My card is pretty simple. It's a Get Well card for my best friend Kim who had surgery on Monday. She came home Thursday and is doing very well.
Disc 3:
He was dumped in the holding cells of Westonaria police station for 'public drunkenness', said constable Lienkie Lefekane 'for the obligatory four-hour drying out period. Olivier, claimed Lefekane, was then "discovered hanging in his cell when police officers checked on him." The police did not say whether Olivier was in the cell alone that Tuesday-night.
I have been hesitant to announce this, for fear of failing the NCLEX (which I thankfully did not!) , but I accepted a job offer a month ago! I will be a "Perioperative Trainee" for six months, then will sign a 2 year contract with Huntsville Hospital and work in one of the OR's there. This means that in July and August, I will learn all about being a circulating nurse in the OR. What's a few more months of "school work" to someone who has been in school for 17 years? Then, I will have an orienting rotation through two of the OR's at Huntsville Hospital. I complete the program in December, and work in an OR thereafter. While I precepted in Labor and Delivery, I really enjoyed the time I spent in the OR. I had never really thought about being an OR nurse until this last semester. I am so very excited to begin working, and to do something that I absolutely love to do! I am also excited to start buying scrubs!
Promarkers
Mix all the ingredients together except oil with enough water to make a thin ( like buttermilk ) consistency batter.Rest this batter for 10-15 mins.Mix well ,heat a non-stick pan/tava/griddle on high flame,the tava should be baking hot,sprinkle the batter from little high to form a circular shape,drizzle 1-2 tsps of oil generously,flip over and let it cook for few mins till crisp and serve hot with coconut chutney/tomato chutney.
He had never had a headache, no double vision,nothing.
I’m not moving up there because of hormones, or teenaged love. There is no one out there; so just accept it.
Check For Leaks – Conserve Water And Save Money
SIRVA, Inc. is a leader in providing relocation solutions to a well-established and diverse customer base around the world. The company has redefined the relocation industry by offering innovative ways for customers to achieve their individual business goals, while providing global end-to-end relocation services, including program development and management, home purchase and home sale services, household goods moving, and mortgage services.
I’m really not getting worked up about this even though the red italics above may suggest otherwise. This can’t even come close to upsetting my bliss. (A few things can, I’m discovering. More on that another time.) Poor TH, on the other hand, keeps having flashbacks from childhood. He’s holding up well, considering. He says this is going to be his response:
Rogue Brewery / Brewer's on the Bay Glen Ale ( JLS Release #27)
1 On the holy mount stands the city he founded;
We have a colour scheme for you...
O happy day, it's finally finished!!
to sing a song torch song
I no longer find the words.
In the end we definitely choose the road less-traveled, but it is far from being off any beaten path. Unless you are going to hop there on a pogo stick or plan to fly on the back of a condor almost nothing you can do with regards to Machu Picchu is unique.
And then I stopped because I think a run would do me more good than writing about how I'm confused and the Romantic writers are confused, and we're all confused together. Over-identifying with my subject, much?
The great chemistry all the players share with one another off-screen is evident onscreen, as they meet and chat in their coffee place called Central Perk.
Hypoglycemic, diuretic and hypocholesterolemic effect of winter cherry (Withania somnifera, Dunal) root.
c) Lunge Alternating Jumps x 20
Driving over twisty turny roads in the mountains was fun, in a sort of 'first time playing racing game' type of way. And I don't mean the simulation types, which you would assume are sort of like actually driving a car. It was more like those racing games in an arcade where if you make one wrong twitch you will bounce back and forth off both sides of the road until you are in last place and smashing the screen.
The same process can be done in a ice cream machine also, just follow the manufactures’ instructions. Or this whipping process can be done in a blender or mixee if hand held betters are not available.
Any woman who loves fashion or who loves to look great has seen them: delicious designer handbags that are very easy to covet. We look at these handbags and drool over them, secretly wishing that we had thousands of dollars that we could spend to purchase the type of designer handbag that we have always dreamed of owning. We look at handbags from designers such as Louis Vuitton, Fendi, Christian Dior, Chanel, and many more. We watch celebrities tote them around as if they’re worth less than a cheap handbag that can be found in any department store, and dream of owning something as beautiful as those handbags. But what we don’t realize is that the designers who create these bags, these masters of craftsmanship, are actually intentionally stealing your money.
It may be a hot season in our lives now. Stick and persevere. Never bug down. Hey! Rain will pour. Don’t lose hope. #
What do you like about your place?
60. Cf. Baudelaire:
The motif of an eagle clutching a human figure entwined in a serpent's tale is a frequent one in Campanian pulpits, and likely represents the triumph of the Gospels over sin. The eagle is traditionally associated with St. John the Evangelist, while the figure trapped in the serpent's coils is a borrowing from classical art, which, within its new Christian context, becomes a symbol of paganism, and hence, sin. This is a particularly opportune blend of Christian and classical iconographies, due to the preexisting symbolism of the serpent in Christian art, and due to the appearance of the motif on a pulpit, the place from which the gospels are preached.
GINGRICH: Look, how about if the four of us agree for the rest of the evening, we’ll actually talk about issues that relate to governing America?
Isn't it amazing how you can get 2 completely different results for the same pastry ? Just a warning, if you use the recipe from Joe Pastry it makes a ton of dough-which is never a bad thing-just preparing you-it can be frozen or you can do what I did. Bake it all ! Bon Appetit.
#737 - A Woman of Paris (1923) - (#795 on TSPDT) This was Chaplin's first dramatic work and the first time he did not appear in (other than a quick, unrecognizable cameo as a train porter) a film he directed. And just so no one was taken unawares, Chaplin had even prefaced the film, and all its ads, with this fact. But alas, the film was a box office flop. The people wanted the Little Tramp dammit!! Actually, the fact that the film, with its subtle acting and progressive storyline (censored in many cities and towns), was way way way ahead of its time, may have had something to do with the film's flopping. Nah, it was probably the whole no Little Tramp thing. I quite liked it though.
And I love how you have faults. How everything about you is not perfect. I married a man because he was perfect. Because when I said jump, he said how high, and I told more than person that before I married him. He mirrored everything I wanted, and he pretended to be that person. That’s part of his mental disorder. I saw what I wanted to see. That’s part of my problem. But with you – I saw you for who you were. I got to know the personality traits and the man before I fell in love with you. I always fall in love with what I want the puppy to be, or what he pretends to be. With you, I got to know the puppy first. And it startled me when I realized I loved you. And it startled me even more when I realized I was ok with it. That nowhere in there was a projection ON you of what I wanted you to be.
In facebook, I see many “friends” speak wonderfully of a parent. For example, one young woman is still deeply mourning three years after her mother’s passing. I have no concept of what a relationship like that would be with a parent. None. I have wanted to feel that, but it has been impossible. The first time I ever remembered my parents hugging me was when they dropped me off at college. I hug my kids ALL the time.
The violence begins
There really isn’t a “recipe” for this per se, but here is the basic mix that I throw together. I would start with just a teaspoon of chlorella, taste, and work your way up to your flavour tolerance. You will get used to it (gasp! Maybe even like it!) over time, but start slow and build your taste for it. Your body will tell you when you’re ready to up the ante.
I watch you wake up
****blogger’s note****
I made a tea towel with cakes and a napkin with fish. And they are finished!
Private Outlet invitation link:
Zum Colorieren habe ich Copics verwendet und im Hintergrund etwas von den nagelneuen Distress Inks von Tim Holtz aufgetragen. Neben den Blumen und dem Schmetterling habe ich Glitzersteine und einige silberfarbene Rub-Ons als Deko verwendet. Abgerundet wird das ganze dann noch mit silberglitzerndem Embossingpulver, das ich auf die Blumen und an die Ränder des Schmetterlinges aufgetragen habe.
Green beans - Roma II. They are the wide bean to the left in this picture and they are SO tasty. Growing up we always planted and canned Half-Runners. They have great flavor, but the strings can be a pain. Roma II beans remind me of the flavor of Half-Runners, but they're stringless, so Win-Win!
Of course the "double" part of the challenge is to use this week's FREEBIE from Designed 2 Delight: this beautiful Christmas Poinsettia that is free for everyone since it's the first week of the month!
Inks: Archival Ink:Cobalt, Vermillion, Sap Green(Ranger)
“It will be, hopefully with the weather cooperating with us, the largest action sports event on the east coast,” said organizer D Nachnani of Coastal Edge.
Furthermore, wide shape construction, new-design chassis technique, very efficient suspension, and excellent tranny generates lower levels of hindrance and vibration. Furthermore, it improves stability along with managing.
Some people alter history in terrible ways and the assassin of Lincoln surely did that. The story of John Wilkes Booth is told by Nora Titone in My Thoughts Be Bloody: The Bitter Rivalry Between Edwin and John Wilkes Booth that Led to an American Tragedy ($30.00, Free Press). The historian spent five years working with the letters, papers and diaries of the Booth family to uncover the story of this eccentric and dysfunctional clan. The Booths were a family of actors and Edwin was one of the biggest stars of the 19th century stage as the Civil War began. John lacked his famous father’s and brother’s talent and never achieved their fame. The book does much to explain how John came to the decision to kill the president, but also provides much to reveal the times in which he lived.
So awesome she went straight home and read the book it was based on.
And a Johnny Depp movie (or two)
Jennifer Hardy
constricts my chest,
I, as a white, middle class mother in America, sometimes wonder why I was not born as she. If life were fair, I mean. If life were fair, I would have been.
It’s not as easy as it might seem. In order to help, I have come up with 5 creative ways in which you too can “Just kill ‘em with kindness”.
The curriculum offers many themed topics to choose from for one day's lessons (above). Once a student clicks on a topic they work their way through 5 or so lessons about that topic (below). T4L offers fun animation that is engaging and entertaining. H4 asked over and over again to play (as did the rest of her brothers and sisters - they didn't care that it was for preschool!)
STARRING: Ashley Greene, Sebastian Stan, Tom Felton, Julianna Guill, Luke Pasqualino, Suzanne Ford, Rick Gomez, Anna Clark, Meena Serendib
Texas will finally get a nonstop flight to Australia this May when Qantas starts flying between Dallas/Fort Worth and Sydney four times weekly. Qantas is OneWorld partners with American, so the latter airline’s fortress hub at DFW should provide plenty of connecting traffic. This is a big shot in the arm to DFW’s relatively new International Terminal, which continues to lag behind Houston in terms of drawing new international flights.
All we should do is make sure that none of Africa gets transplanted over to the U.S., because the danger to our society is dire if it does. I note that several U.S. churches are attempting to bring groups of African refugees over to the United States, European churches the same for Europe. Mistake. Mark my words, this misplaced charity will turn around and bite us, big time.
“Yep,” said Hank.
We are the true North
Preschooler(2yr)- girl
Coobie is known for their comfortable, stylish, supportive and inexpensive one size fits all seamless bras! They recently introduced their camis with a built-in bra in the same bold, fun colors. Dancing With The Stars’ Chelsie Hightower is a fan of these new pieces. She was seen wearing the light blue cami while practicing for DWTS. Whether you’re a dancer, yoga lover or jogger, Coobie has something for your every activity.
This recipe was given to me by a good friend Faith Bannister. I worked with her husband Terry in his family owned restaurant "Ken's Bar B Que" in Lake City Florida many, many years ago. Faith is a real sweetheart and one of the people I miss most from when I lived there.
So, before treating Reflecting Light to assisted suicide, I am going to experiment with a different format, stepping back from commenting on day-to-day events, even though those are the easiest postings to write in a time-pressured life. The banner says Reflecting Light is about spirituality, psychical research, and the way we live now. I want to concentrate on those; but also arts and entertainment.
I had several dreams last night but I have forgotten most of them now due to forgetting to think about them after waking up, but I do remember part of at least one dream at this time; which took place during the night and/or the next morning.
Senza ponti, cattive campane,
It's Monday and I hope you all had a special holiday weekend. I was lucky enough to get a bit of crafting--it's about time right!
Soon the three are laughing with the owner and his wife. Everyone hears "sal;kja;oihedf; seyo? ANNEEYO! eego eego aljdsf;jas;a!!!" and they all laugh again and again. The orange vendor finally puts down his glass and looks at the foreigner's bike to ask if it will be ridden home. The forigner shakes her head emphatically. "nowaeflkasfwalkdafjofjbikeaskdfjjajang!!"
(If you want a thicker payasam you can add more green gram and less coconut milk)
So here is my newest recipe, a Vegan Philly "Cheezesteak." Comfort food, for sure, because every now and then, we all need a little comforting. This recipe is dedicated to Tina, Carol, Ben and especially to Shirley. A Vegan hero for my Vegan heroes. I know she would have loved it :)
However, today has been my best day so far, and I even had enough energy and spring in my step to clean the kitchen, do two loads of dishes, make a full breakfast for my dear Mrs. Neighbour-Friend who was feeling under the weather this morning, tidy up and clean off all the counters, visit the post office, AND... Are you ready... Now please make sure you are sitting down since this next statement may cause a moment of faintness and we don't want your loveliness to hit the floor... AND... I was working on cutting and assembling several quilting projects in my crafty room!
are just incredible!
I truly appreciated all of your comments re: the last post. Your support means more to me than I can express. Even though I do write for myself, I’d be lying if I didn’t say that it makes me happy that others find something in what I write. I’ve still not bothered reading the thread. I left that up to you.
The sun made a rare appearance in the city yesterday so we took a trip to Borough Market to get a selection of fancy cheeses to bring along with us a friend's birthday party later that evening.
At 7.20 a.m. on this day 1st July in 1916, the mine at Hawthorn Ridge was detonated and one of the costliest offensives of World War One began. Approximately 20% of the fighting force were lost by the end of that first day, and the succeeding months were to see many more lives lost and families torn apart by grief at the loss of a brother, husband or son.
Despite these faults, and others, To Kill a Mockingbird continues to be among the top three most-taught novels in American middle and high schools (another, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, tends to be taught in similarly fantasized terms). Saney makes the sensible suggestion of supplanting such white-centric readings on racism with some more honest and black-affirming books, such as Ellison's Invisible Man, Hurston's Their Eyes Were Watching God, Morrison's The Bluest Eye and Beloved, and many others. I would add that many worthy novels were written throughout the twentieth century by other non-white writers as well.
Conveniently for me, this means I will get to enjoy fresh yummy eggs – which I imagine will taste much better than the eggs I had for lunch. If you look to the ‘Cooking in Hell’s Little Kitchen’ page, I’ve updated it with the things I made for lunch today.
I will guide them to you, inform them of your dues.
Leonard began his career with Brooklyn, but was traded away by the Dodgers in 1936. Four years later, he was a 20-game winner for the Senators, and became one of the best pitchers Washington ever had, post-Walter Johnson era, of course.
Patrick
That cerebellar tremor is the reason I put up with the drinking for so long. I have no concept of what it would be like to have my right arm be nearly useless when I try to move it. Drinking alcohol was the only thing that helped calm the tremors. Ironically, the doctors have noted this as well. My husband went to a neurologist who specializes in movement disorders looking for some hope. The doctor said “There’s not a lot out there that will help your arm. Alcohol will but you run the risk of becoming an alcoholic.”
Siobhan used her neglected Whimsy Tree stamp paired with some Primas she got **ahem** 4 years ago.
Dug with a hand trowel. It took a LONG time. But the careful digging paid off when Hubby came across the conduit with the power line inside. Lucky us it was right on the very edge of the hole. Dodged a bullet on that one!
Well.. One trailer specifically. It was for a movie called “Bully”. It’s a documentary that addresses the growing issue with bullying in our country, and specifically focuses on a young kid currently dealing with being bullied as well as the families of two young men who killed themselves over excessive bullying. One who suffered from Aspergers Syndrome, when he was 17, and one who hung himself at age 11. Fucking ELEVEN.
Up, she floated.
Some of the oak trees are sprouting new growth, I was going to check to see if it was flowers or leaves, either way, it is really early for oaks to be sprouting any type of growth.
The Army Air Force had told him he was too "uncoordinated" to fly, too clumsy to wield the controls of an airplane. I have always been suspicious of their judgment: He was a good driver, an experienced farmer. He was used to machines and engines.
- Lead vocal mic is not captured in the recording at the same level as the instruments during some parts of the show.
behind fate’s sheer glass.
"I'm really worried," Amy said. "We just got married and this is very stressful."
Like fizzing TV’s.
Tim Donaldson
Nothing… She is lost.
Yeah, boyeeeeeeeeeeeeee, I'm gonna go see zombie puppets at the Oriental that night.
That experience would serve him well in the years to come. Keith Krach would go on to co-found Ariba Inc, a business that provides software that helps companies analyze, understand and manage their corporate spending and that is used on over four million desktops around the world. He is currently chairman and CEO of DocuSign, the industry leader and global standard in electronic signature. He also serves as chairman of the board at Angie’s List, and chairman of the board of trustees at Purdue University.
The site Etsy is a prime example of storeowners who have boasted sales because of Pinterest. Etsy is a virtual channel in which store owners can sell their own products on and it caters to creative, interesting and unique items.
The crystal’s main picture enlarged to show all the Humans Undergoing Love Uprooting. Dozens of girls cursing engagement rings, moving away from friends, and sobbing at parents’ funerals swept past her view. Not a single one looked important enough to redeem Hilda’s failure. They also had a sad lack of straightforward answers. In the Fairy Godmother world, achieving straightforward goals always gained higher rewards than more long-term aid. Hilda understood that the latter allowed the humans a chance to complain. Stifling a yawn, she rose to go to bed, when she thought of the general channel for men: the Beautiful But Crying. “Switch to B.B.C,” she nearly whispered.
how long will the wicked be jubilant?
This week Sweet 'n Sassy Stamps is sponsoring us and giving away these adorable digi stamps. Sweet 'n Sassy has also generously given the DT all the stamps to use for this week's challenge.
Location: Bloomington, IN
"a coarse purple and white chintz gown", p55
According to a press release: "After filtering a batch this week and getting it ready for packaging we tasted it. It was good, but it was missing that spark that separates a good beer from a great beer." Rather than proceed with bottling and distribution, owner and founder Brock Wagner decided to dispose of the entire initial batch and start again with a few recipe modifications.
Lemon Curd Filling:
As always, Carolina xoxo
My mind is racing with what they might be doing, are they ok? Will they be ok two days a week? PLUS Molly will have two mornings at pre school to contend with soon as well. Is it too much? Have we made the right decision? Should I have kept Alfie home with me on a Thursday, he is still so tiny to be away from me for so long…………………….
And that's the same kind of feeling I had when we walked around the corner and my eyes first took in the harbour of St Tropez. Something clicked. The moonlight glistening on the still + amazingly blue-green water, the row of skinny pastel homes accented by the cafe and club lights, the incredible blue sky punctuated by the bright stars. That instant, that first view of the St Trop harbour, will always stick with me.
DD2 and I are going to drive together on Tuesday, to Sedalia, MO for her job interview, it should make the drive easier. It is about 3 hours. We will come back that same day. We have almost finished all the cut-in painting on the rental house, and took the smelly carpeting out in preparation for the installation of the new on Wednesday. After mopping the floor, it really smelled better in the house. I am going back today to see if it is still smelling good and maybe mop again if needed. Then we have to move her stuff out of our garage and trailer so we can go back to California. This should be the last trip for stuff. The next trip after should be to get his TR3 and haul it back, and to drive my car back. We have been getting along fine with just the truck, so I am going to approach Mr BC about just selling my car.
Contacte: Goretti – 691353111
“Yes,” the Council member responded.
The Lily quilt has come back from the longarmers today so I'm hoping I can work on the binding over the next couple of days and maybe even have it finished before the end of the month!
I sincerely hope you are gazing wistfully into the distance after looking at that photo. Isn’t it great? Unfortunately, my at-my-fingertips command of nerd knowledge runs dry with Henri. I know little about him other than he took some beautiful photos. I have a book on some of his writings about photography which are very insightful and have certainly influenced the way I look at photography but actual biographical knowledge I am short on. What I do know is that he studied English at Cambridge for a while and he was an early champion of 35mm format. Oh yes, the nerdy stuff I can do. Up until that point cameras were mainly either large format/plate style efforts or medium format light boxes. These are still used and give an unmatched (UNMATCHED dammit!) level of detail in the negative. Unfortunately these are less wieldy and work mainly for staged or landscape photography. Henri was the originator of the photojournalism movement from which stemmed the ‘street photography’ idea. What this basically means is he wanted to be ready to take a photo at any given time for what he called ‘The Captured Moment’. To do this he used cameras that took a smaller film (35mm) so he could carry it over his shoulder and have it ready to use at any given moment without setup. To achieve this he used the now legendary Leica system. Leica cameras are still a leading standard in the industry and a body alone will set you back a couple of grand, nevermind the light-gathering, contrast-increasing, flare-reducing, erection-inducing lenses they make. If you hadn’t guessed, I want one. Basically their design hasn’t changed for the best part of 70 years. This gave Henri the freedom to take a photo wherever and whenever he chose meaning he was the first to get all those classic shots. Because of this a lot of Henri’s early work is like a time capsule, a view of the world from decades ago. As anyone who knows me and my photography knows this is my main reason for photography. To capture that moment. There are so many moments in my life I look at and want to put it in a bottle for later inspection, photography helps with this and Henri showed me how to accomplish it. So far there are only a handful of photos that I feel I’ve done this with. There is one in particular that is bang on the money but I’m still working on getting it spot on every time. I’m nearly there, I just need to start taking my camera out with me more. And that Leica might help.
We can also the linkage in the steering column in the larger access panel.
They reel'd, they set, they cross'd, they cleekit,
Paint - RANGER and LIQUITEX
It was a welcome break from loooooooots of paper work and washing.
Answer: (helpfully) ´The 59? No idea. But two blocks away from here there is the bus stop of 3 and 112.´
But still, good things happened last week. My mum's operation went well. Our car was smashed up - but no one was hurt. I had good feedback for new projects, I got a brilliant email from a reader, I visited two lovely schools. I'm loving the evening class I'm teaching at City University, and it's exciting to see students taking risks with their writing and imagining.
The resolution will accuse Holder and his Justice Department of obstructing the congressional probe into the allegations that the government let thousands of weapons fall into the hands of Mexican drug cartels.
“Because there’s such a paucity of African-American magazines that are out there, I don’t think we are going to have the diminution that some of our fellow publishers might have,” Mr. Graves told me in a video interview. There’s Ebony and Jet, Black Enterprises and Essence (no longer African-American-owned).
and can show us how to solve problems in
WHY: Why? Why do artists create artworks featuring themselves? That would be a good way to put it, too. Lots of artists create self-portraits to try their hand at drawing, painting, etc. themselves. Lots of artists render themselves to leave visual evidence of their artistic existance. Lots of artists create portraits of themselves because they figure if they can draw houses, OTHER people, grass, animals, squares n circles, why not draw their own dang self? Lots of artists render themselves so that they can look at it and be like, “I look so cool! Much cooler than I do in life!” Imagine Albrecht Durer, for example, looking at his self-portrait (below) & in 1498 saying in modern American English slang, “@%**%!! I look AWESOME! Germany, give it up for ya boy! My a** can PAINT!”
Today I'm looking at 201 Knitting Motifs, Blocks, Projects & Ideas by Nicki Trench who also wrote Cute & Easy Crochet which I reviewed last year. As the title suggests, there are a lot of different projects and patterns included in this book.
The reality is that President Obama is pushing for energy sources that are older than modern oil and nuclear which he opposes, that President Obama's attempt to force us to railroads and away from cars it the kind of anti-progress sentiment that one could expect from a Luddite, and that his theories about global warming have long-since been discredited by now, and that his examples of backwardness are in fact either made-up or forward looking in reality.
Asking that you remember Aunt Trula in your prayers that God's perfect will is accomplished, and she will have a full recovery and be able to return to her home that she loves. You love and prayers are so appreciated.
New Amsterdam, like Linden, used to be a bustling town. You cannot get crush ice or cold bottled water anymore in this town. Jagdeo built a bridge linking Cotton Tree with Canje and simultaneously cut the lights and made the fares/tolls prohibitive. The GW Bridge and Verrazano bridges are the only bridges in the world more expensive than the Berbice Bridge. In New York it is US$12.00 and in Berbice it is US$11.00 or G$2,200.
bicycle seat, I wanted to be anywhere except peddling into the cold,
How can anybody resist the man after even the briefest study of his life?
The worst thing about learning the A to Z of the CST (Customer Service Toolkit) is the bloomin' TLA's (that's three letter acronyms to you.)
2) Beat eggs and half-and-half or milk with hot sauce in a shallow dish.
The thing is that for years I’ve had this notion that if I could just stop wearing my glasses for a couple days, a week, a month, I would be able to retrain my eyes to see without glasses. There are books that talk about this stuff, Aldous Huxley wrote one. Maybe what I’m supposed to be manifesting in this 39th year is whole body healing: Restored vision! Strengthened core! Digestive health!
These are just some of the nail manifestations of what may be a widespread clinical problem: the list includes white nails, brittle nails, ridged nails and in many young people, bitten nails: but then, not everything that looks a bit ugly need be a cause for concern.
8) His Dark Materials by Philip Pullman
Thanks and May the Force Be With You.
It's been a few weeks since the last Brewvie Review, but not for a lack of film watching. We've seen a number of flicks in the last month, but nothing has struck my fancy enough - good or bad - to write a full review about. Truth be told, I've drank a lot more brews over the last month then I've watched movies. Between the Super Bowl party we had, our trip up to Golden, CO, to interview Cody Christman - the Beerdrinker of the Year, attending the Old Chicago's "I Love Beer" mini-tour launch party in Denver, shooting a commercial for Old Chicago's World Beer Tour (which will go live very soon), and taking part in the 6th Annual Firkin Rendezvous at Bristol Brewing Company last Saturday...
Dialogue Processing and Digital Services Provided by Michael Stokes Production Assistance by Martha Linbo-Terhaar, Carole Stokes, Gwendolyn Jensen-Woodard and Ginny Stokes. Production Logo and additional Art by Adrianna Linbo-Terhaar
Agency for Persons with Disabilities
Those anxious eyes
First you must understand six inch sewer pipe is not typically used for irrigation but for cheap a neeny’s who get by with the cheapest materials which is what we inherited when we bought the farm. Considering it runs almost a thousand feet out to the field at least six feet underground it will be staying. The second thing to know is that sewer pipe has sewer fittings so when you go to the irrigation place and ask the innocuous enough question, “Do you have a six gate valve with an eight hole flange on one side and a slip on the other end?” The counter guys kinda look at you funny and not because you are five foot two inches and a girlfarmer but because finding this appears completely impossible! It took about six good months of asking and searching before we came across a great innovator in the irrigation business – in another state! Thank god for Agri -Supply in Parma, Idaho.
I'm a bit embarrassed to say
5. Add eggs, sugar and vanilla and whiz with the electric mixer for 3-4 minutes until the mixture begins to whip up in volume.
Click here to see a great CFE (Comision Federal de Electricidad) presentation on Laguna Verde. But brush up on your Spanish first!
The picture was shot in Spain (another point on which Schneer and Harryhausen were pioneers; in the 1960s many Hollywood epics, and Sergio Leone's Italian spaghetti westerns, would also be shooting there), and Schneer was as resourceful with a budget as Jack Dietz had been. He even secured permission to shoot in the Alhambra in Granada, giving him and director Nathan Juran access to lavish sets at a fraction of the cost of building them. (Later crews were less respectful than Sinbad's, and now the Alhambra is off-limits to movie production.)
This assembly was held according to the decision of the Second Episcopal Conference of Oceania, held in Sidney, on October 16-17, 2011. Lots of priests from all canonical jurisdictions took part in the conference, and the goal was meeting and bonding of the priests for the successful joint work in their missions on the Fifth continent.
Other mushroom extracts that have been shown to have clinical effectiveness
Methinks perhaps 5 connections at one time will not be enough in this household. On our recent holiday we had 10 adults, 5 children and 23 devices connected to the wireless router at our accommodation. Think about it - we all had a laptop, a smartphone, there were 3 iPads and a couple of the kids had iTouches. Soon everything will have a wireless component and our household wireless demands will be huge.
If you have the time and the incineration you end up setting up a company that specialises in this sort of stuff and you move from being an evangelist to a supplier. In many ways these guys are the unsung heroes of the trade, working behind the scenes, dealing with the labyrinthine mores of customs and excise, and attempting to satisfy the outrageous demands of people like me.
That’s how one of the teens explained himself to a Somerset County, N.J., judge back in 2008. (His friend headed off a trial by pleading guilty to the same act.)
John stopped writing, his stomach twisting into sickening knots. Daniel, he knew that name. The memory jiggled its way forward. He tried not to grab on to it too tightly, otherwise it would evaporate like mist and disappear back into the recesses of his mind. The image shuddered threatening to dissolve then like a lightning strike it suddenly solidified and snapped into place. Like a rushing torrent all of his memories flooded back, tears spilled onto the paper remembering. It was someone else, it was Daniel. Reilly had been laid out next to him watching the Alien try to save his friend while listening to it tell him what had happened. When Daniel hadn’t returned he went to find him. He remembered it all now the space ship, the medical treatments, staring down at the Earth from an observation deck, its once brilliant hues turned brown. Daniel hadn’t survived his body too far decayed for them to reverse the effects of their little death ray, but he survived. He was the last of his kind, the sole surviver of an entire planet. It broke him mentally, his saviors were also his destroyers. Neither side could bear to look at the other. He was a consent reminder of what their misguided notions had done and they were a constant reminder of all that was lost. Now that they had a taste of death they feared it. They had no idea how far their regeneration could go if they became severally injured. He had opened their minds to new concepts such as murder, and grief that they began fearing him as well. They put him in stasis until they figured out what to do with him. After that his next recollection was wandering around outside the Danvers State Asylum searching for something.
-Brock Baker (1:07 half and former UNC XC captain)
So how do you build a platform? Well, if you've written a book, then you are an expert on something. It took research. It took expertise, experience, and knowledge. That is your starting point!
Feathers fall as naked sunbeams on musical chairs of micro-gravity
Have you ever gone through a power outage? Most if not all of us have. Depending on the reason for the outage whether it be a storm or , overload at the power plant even a down hydro pole in your area without power in today’s society we often will panic. We use candles, flashlights, torches, matches anything to get light back into our lives. Rarely do we sit in the dark and think “Hmmmmm there’s no light”. When the power goes out we jump up and ensure everyone is safe and grab as many lights as we can.If we were to just sit there in the dark or tried to walk about without light you would a) get nothing done or b) get hurt stumbling around your surroundings.
See the pics below.
NBA Jam vs Base Wars.
Now that it's August, I know many of us see fall just around the corner and are getting prepared for school to start for the kiddos- but I, for one, am not ready for summer to end! We are renting a beach house with my husband's sister and her family soon and I'm so looking forward to it!
Sweet Mother is updated daily. If you’d like to follow this blog, simply hit the follow button at the top of the page.
I was so thoroughly surprised that I didn't even clean the bathroom. I always clean the bathroom if people are coming over. Matt really out did himself for me. I'm a lucky lady for sure.
06. Demons 3:47
- standing at a balance
“You can’t have it all.”
“Ron”: (Taking his android, the size of a small book, out of his pocket and making a finger gestures like a voodoo priest over the phone). I can highlight the letters that I want to type and it will automatically enter the word…see?
The day one sortie rate of the CVF will be 110 launches, in out 6 hour window, that gives us 28. The first target, would be Moscini Firstly, even with enemy airfields down, we need to send in a fighter pair, they could always have moved a few fighters to a civilian airport, or some could have been airborne before the first strike. Added to that, we would need a SEAD pair. Argentina has no serious air defences, but theres no sense taking risks. Four more jets, each packing 6 2000lbers allow us to rather badly damage 24 targets. I picked these. On top of that of course, the Fighter and SEAD pair will be able to pack a couple of bombs as well, which can be dumped on the runway and taxiway in case anything survives the bombing mission. There were also what was obviously the residential accommodation of the airmen, which I graciously decided to give a miss, and of course, in case I’ve miss identified the airport…..
A warm hug to all my fellow bloggers!! I am back!! It feels like forever since my last post, I have been so busy these last months. I really want to thank Kathya for her great job with the blog, she has keep it 'alive' with her gorgeous creations. I also want to thank her for travelling all the way from Tampa to Puerto Rico, to share with us some of the most special moments of my daughter's life. Kathya, you are the best friend ever and we LOVE you a lot!!
Where the white car-windows shine—
All of that said, I sometimes have to remind myself not to take the issue so seriously that it paralyzes my ability to create a working eclectic path. I know that there will be times when the division between cultural appreciation and cultural appropriation will not be clear – to either myself or to members of the culture in question. The best that I can do is be open and honest about my intent and keep a sense of humor about it all. By taking only what is freely given and respecting both what is give and the people who give it, I hope that I can avoid the worst of the cultural offenses.
Besides, when Tom Hanks (American actor) was mentioned in the Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet (July of this year) as having commented to the effect that he would love to see ABBA reunite again after himself having seen the Mama Mia production, I informed Aftonbladet of this new upcoming book, and they promptly interviewed me, which you can see at this link here: http://reallaplaine.wordpress.com/2011/07/27/will-abba-ever-perform-again-according-to-a-new-book-entitled-finding-agnetha-%e2%80%93-by-real-laplaine-they-do/. So, the dream is shared by many.
Here’s wishing the newlyweds all the crazy love they can stand. As for the rest of you, check back for more Hot Mustard in the coming weeks.
Did Not Finish, may try again later:
~Self-Contained HVLP Paint Sprayers, though highly recommended by my pro friends, we’re just too expensive for me! Some of the furniture refinishers buddies of mine whose professionalism, technique, and impeccable end products I greatly admire (namely Miss Mustard Seed and Christa from Stories of a House) highly recommended a HVLP sprayer unit. These can run anywhere from $300 to $1000. In the end, I just couldn’t bite the bullet and spend that much, so I was determined to find a less expensive, but professional quality alternative.
So to spare delivery men, government employees and poor college kids trying to sell magazine subscriptions from future harm, I made this sign to hang over our door bell.
I have a number of songs that could become finished but I have been worn out. Until I wrote the list down it felt like I had not done very much work at all. My muse knows I haven’t been getting down to the heavy lifting yet but frankly I have been burnt out. I’ve been trying to lavish myself with inspiration but I’ve just been tired – mood swings a plenty, really bitter down-ness and general malaise. It’s strange, because I’ve been reading really good books that I’ve enjoyed, and listening to a lot more music.
6Then the first male child she has will take the rights of the brother who is dead, so that his name may not come to an end in Israel.
Libyan ruler Moammar Gadhafi's current location is unknown. He was apparently heard Saturday urging his people to fight, but he hasn’t been seen since June this year. According to several sources (here and here) Gadhafi's last public appearance was on 12 June 2011, playing chess in Tripoli with the president of the World Chess Federation, Kirsan N. Ilyumzhinov. Two weeks after that, on 27 June 2011 the International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant accusing Gaddafi of crimes against humanity and of ordering attacks on civilians in Libya. Billions of dollars of his assets have been frozen around the world.
One common symptom of OCD is intrusive thoughts that you can’t help going over and over repeatedly. This is the O in OCD, the obsession. These are thoughts that you don’t want to have and can’t get rid of. They’re sometimes violent and often morbid. You want to get rid of them any way you can – that’s where the C, the compulsion, comes in. But think about the idea of having a terrible thought that you can’t stop thinking about. It goes around and around. It won’t go away. You hate it. You know you’re a horrible person just for having this thought.
Backstrom was the guy responsible for someone getting “tied up.”
I love Jessica’s look because she has on a casual outfit but it looks very classy. By adding a clutch and some heels, this outfit now has WOW factor! Don’t ever settle for “just OK” when you can be fabulous! Never forget that YOU are what makes the clothes fabulous! Jessica looks comfortable, which is the key to a good look. If you look uncomfortable, everyone else can tell. Your body language gives you away.
That comes out to 81 degrees Fahrenheit.
1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg
I’m trying something new this year on Laura’s Reviews, a Victorian Challenge. I hosted the All About the Brontes Challenge in 2010 and greatly enjoyed it. Last year I had a newborn baby girl, and with her I had three children ages four and under so I took a year off! In October I opened up a survey to readers of this blog to determine whether I should bring back All About the Brontes or a new challenge. It was determined from the poll and the comments that most people were looking for a new challenge in which the Brontes were included, but other authors could also be explored. A Victorian Challenge won the poll by a slim margin, and I look forward to a new challenge.
Life is too short and I need to grasp the moment.
I had kind of pushed everything together so that it did not cover such a large area of the floor and went to throw away the paper towels I had used and get some more. I made sure to walk around the still large pile of vomit,,,or so I thought. Apparently the area of floor that I had wiped up was still rather slick. When I walked though it, BOTH of my feet slipped out from under me and I went airborne. I quite literally flew through the air and landed on my hip in, yep, you guessed it, the pile of vomit that I had so nicely pushed together.
My kids are also asked to bring home all sorts of other non-fundraising information as well. Should I be protecting them for the evils that lurk within? Last week we got a flyer for Grasshopper Soccer and Auskick. I best be alert to the probability that my little ones will be overtaken by the sudden urge to light flares and chant racist epithets or post nudie photos of AFL footballers on Farcebook.
So commuters are caught on the train without valid tickets. What do they do? They burn it down, resulting in damage of R12m. No wonder South Africa’s infrastructure is falling apart. No clean drinking water in dozens of towns, because the infrastructure built up and maintained for decades is being destroyed by incompetent, corrupt vermin.
See you soon…
Indeed, world leaders and the liberal lickspittle media seldom speak of the embarrassment that is the democratic South Africa - the crumbling infrastructure of this once First World country, and the out-of-control crime - down to an ongoing mini-genocide. Rocker Bono certainly isn’t moved to tears over the seemingly systematic extermination of the Afrikaner farmers of South Africa. The cultural cognoscenti in the US are equally silent about the New South Africa’s unparalleled, radical, race-based wealth- distribution policies.
I've mentioned before how much travel influences my style - both with fashion and decor. Each country brings a unique perspective to the table and that excites me. Due to physical circumstances...travel is not in my near future thus I am living vicariously through Pinterest. Images from Italy, India, France and St. Lucia inspired me to find fashion photography that matched the landscape.
I can't wait to show you guys some of the Hunger Games shades. I'll be working on looks for those this week. Wait till you see Mayor's Daughter . . . SWOON!
These Welsh wizards are working wonders, and if that amounts to me merely adding further to all the hype, then so be it.
He goes on. Not to describe chords or influences, but to describe life in the way healthy fifty year old men tend to do in Irish pubs. “There are only two kinds of music: good and bad,” he states. I nod.
T: Tough-I take no crap from anyone!
I also became acutely aware that the reason I had become so engrossed in doing other things online was to avoid having to think about an issue that, while I was only an outside observer, caused a great stir of emotion within me. I had so many thoughts swirling around my head that needed to come out. I was getting really pissed off, but I wasn’t ready to deal with that yet. So I read other people’s blogs and threw myself into putting great thought and effort into commenting on their posts. I felt a pressing need to distract myself by responding to any little comment directed at me on the internet. I have since realized that there was nothing wrong with doing any of those things, and Mister was not “mad at me” for doing them either. What was wrong was doing them to avoid an issue, and at the exclusion of other people. My real priorities.
Sasanokawa distillery is based in Koriyama City, Fukushima Prefecture, which is inland from the main tsunami-hit areas and about 40 miles from the stricken Fukushima No.1 nuclear plant. Nevertheless, it did suffer significant damage in the March 11 quake including damage to a storage tank, warehouses, a chimney, plumbing and stocks (as these photographs show).
Musa said the board had assessed the “damages” caused by this division and, in the interest of good corporate governance, identified the individuals that were responsible and accountable for these losses. “It is not appropriate for us to list out everyone concerned and the whys and hows of what went on. But this is the basis of our decisions,” he said.
I used my Gypsy & Imagine to design & create this card.
This is the lamp that USED to sit on the hutch of DH's desk. It also USED to have an awesome, bright, CFL bulb in it. Right. This is when Mommy starts panicking. I think I might have pulled something yanking her out of the debris. After dusting her off and making sure she had no cuts or glass in her hair, I relocated her to the living room and frantically called my husband. Six times. I would show you on my recent calls list, but my iPhone doesn't have a screen capture feature.
During the warmer months, water them frequently and generously to drench their roots, which, though not as long and dangly as vandas, can get pretty rambunctious. Use a coarse, quick-draining mix such as coarse bark or tree fern and perlite – I’ve had pretty good luck with compressed coconut husk (“CHC”) . Fertilize “weekly, weakly” during the growing season, twice a month in winter. If you pot them in wooden baskets, they won’t need potting for a while, just let ‘em grow all over, then drop the whole plant, basket and all, into a larger basket. If growing in pots, watch for root rot, especially during winter, and always be careful not to let water sit in the crown, in between the top leaves, when the weather's cold, or crown rot becomes a very real hazard.
Okay, after three sequels (and one or two UNofficial sequels), why single this one out? Not only will I refer you to this review, but also the fact that Roy Scheider refused to get involved this time out, nor did Steven Spielberg or Peter Benchley. And the only reason Lorraine Gary was in it is because she owed the producer/her husband. Not even the shark looked like it wanted to be here.
It’s not that I wouldn’t love your company, it’s that if you come over unannounced you’ll have to excuse the tissue paper “curtains” I have taped up to the windows to filter the sunlight for photos. You’ll have to promise not to sue when you trip over cookbooks and magazines strewn across the floor. And you’ll have to pretend not to notice the sink full of dishes or the peanut butter in my hair.
After a decent run I came up to a rather large and scummy lake where we had to pick up these large logs and carry them over our heads but make a loop through the lake. This sucked because the lake was disgusting and holding anything above our heads right now was just about the last thing we wanted to do. It was slow going and took maybe 10 minutes to get through. Just think about holding an 8 pound weight over your head for 10 minutes, now think about it after going through Tough Mudder. Now add all that with having to do it in a lake. Yeah.
The Dr. Perricone acai health benefits are found here. He lists superfoods you can eat for maximum benefits. Take a look!
The wooden box is something I picked up in Portugal, but I found a better one in the Happy Daze shop which is the same ..........darn it wish I had seen that one earlier. First Gesso was used, acrylic paint and then rubbed down to age it a bit. Heat embossed the Laugh stamp . Lined with patterened paper. Lacquered to finish it off.
CR: It’s not simple. Council tax is 24% of budget. There’s a capital amount from government.
At the earliest, that is.
Today's outfit was especially for a picnic date with some of my fellow vintage enthusiasts. This amazing dress, which I am pegging as early 1950's, is a home made vintage number that I picked up on my recent trip to Houston. The construction is one I haven't seen before. From the front the dress appears to be nipped in at the waist, but the shaping is done by an elastic belt on the inside back of the dress that pulls the sides in. At the back it has these two 'train' like pieces that flow from the shoulders, making it look almost like a cape effect. As one of my lovely friends said, "It is very Hawaiian Honeymoon".
Town and seeing the palm trees in my mind, that does now take up some new time
With all this in mind I am also keen to get back to writing some short fiction, probably for competitions/entries etc so I will be on the lookout for these. Please feel free to recommend any as i am very good at missing them.
Now that it looks like I am treating the alcohol problem successfully with Baclofen my future looks 100% times brighter. With my desire to drink eliminated, I shouldn’t fall into the same pattern of getting drunk with new colleagues.
The final step is to add colour to her cheeks. using R20 and starting at the hairline (in line with the corners of the eyes) stroke a little colour on to her cheeks Picture 8
My Dad will be flying in tonight and the family is super excited to see Gramps for Christmas. It's been at least 20 years since I had a Christmas morning with the old guy so I might be a bit excited too :)
Kevin Mulcahy has now decided to tell his story publicly for the first time. He’s tired of waiting for this segment of his life to end. He wants to be listed again in the telephone directory, to hold a driver’s license in his own name, to vote, to own property, to stop living as if he – and not Wilson and Terpil – had been indicted for wrongdoing. He feels he is forced now, in effect, to give his testimony in the pages of The New York Times. The essentials of his account have been verified where possible through secret documents and in interviews with key members of the State Department, the Justice Department, the F.B.I., the United States Attorney’s office in Washington, as well as with Stansfield Turner, the former head of Central Intelligence, and other high C.I.A. officials.
‘Excuse me, why do I have all these spam messages in my box?’
Breastfeeding has become a time for both of us to relax and calm down. I am not sure how much longer she will want to nurse but for now I am still happy to do it.
For the past year and a half I’ve watched Indian television and its commercials. Some of my favorite commercials are those that peddle house paint. In fact, they always make me laugh because they always should these “normal” looking houses with pitched roofs and yards. In fact, I was fairly certain that the only house that was in India that was featured in an Indian paint commercial was the one from last year where a magician tries to make a freshly painted palatial-sized fort disappear and does so except for the layer of paint left standing and blowing in the wind (yes, you can tell I lead a very exciting life when I can recite from memory something as mundane as a paint commercial).
Wild jungle we’ve monkeys and tigers
Today, I have handed out 24 copies of A Tale of Two Cities. Only four people refused to take them (two because they’d already read it, and two because they just weren’t interested, and no amount of persuasion could convince them that they ought to be – their loss). One or two people seemed doubtful, but took them anyway. Most people were overjoyed that someone was handing out books. Or, as one recipient put it, ‘giving people free culture’. The best two were the American management students studying in one of the campus cafes at lunch time. When I asked if they wanted a book, one broke out into a massive grin and the other actually squealed with delight. I felt like a literary Father Christmas.
There’s the sarcastic applause, which is a kind of slow-clap, which I am guilty of using entirely too much.
So anyway…yeah. Every so often, the axe goes poof on me, and I end up having to send a group up to Karazhan to get it back again. Which, let me tell you, is a huge pain in the ass. I’m just dreading the day when Malchezaar’s little time loop thingy resets while I’m actually in the MIDDLE of battle somewhere, and have my damn axe vanish on me mid-swing. I have to remember to start bringing a backup, actually.
We spent the last day however, in a small village and decided to take it easy and just relax, sit out in the sun, read a book , eat and basically do nothing :) . I found that years and years of life in fast pace had me quite uncomfortable with a contrarian lifestyle like this, which was amusing , surprising and a bit disturbing. I need a few more of those days in my life.
So after a divine dinner at Centro Vinoteca (where, omg, we passed on hazelnut cake with nutella mousse?!), we walked over to University and 8th. Unlike my first visit when I felt gluttonous just ordering hot chocolate with my chocolate bread pudding, this time I was able to sample three whole desserts.
Yet many in the establishment continue to operate blindly, as if money could buy them yet another general election. (It might yet, but that’s another story)
In April 2011 he said, “much of it I inherited when I showed up.”
i picked him up and we went into the other room together, away from the dump trucks and crayons that were pissing him off so badly. (the opposite of a time-out indeed.)
I loathe pushups.
I have a number of friends who have read the former, many of them liked it. I’ve seen various reviews that talk about what a strong woman the protagonist is. Then a couple other friends read and said just the opposite. That if you pay careful attention to Katniss, she really doesn’t make any decisions on her own. She gets carried along by circumstances or the god in the machine. I still may read the trilogy, because sometimes I get curious as what all the fuss is about and make my own decision, but it may not be for a while, as I have a quite a backlog.
The sketch here is Mojo Monday #213, the colors are from Hand Stamped Sentiments #91 and the sentiment is for Tuesday Throwdown #73. Wow, I got three challenges into one card. Keeps the number of cards I make to a minimum. I make cards, I don't send cards. Its now time to get my cards boxed and sent off to OWH.
I believe it was fate that we were able to meet and that he had such a bigger impact on me thatn I thought he would. A few days later, I saw a poster at my school for the Annual Goodwill Glitter Gala Design Competition, where student designers create a new garment out of $75 worth of Goodwill clothing. It was literally the last day to sign up for the information meeting, and I signed up without hesitation. After meeting h.Naoto, I was so inspired to pursue my love of fashion and I knew that I had to go for it.
We were at the end of our 12-hour broadcast cycle. It was time to get our messages. We’d avoided raising this antenna because it sticks out of the water higher than the periscope and would need to remain up for several minutes, making detection of Santa Fe likely.
“Wow,” one of the boys commented. I was guessing it was Kid Win or Clockblocker. “How’d you pull that off?”
England: Does it really matter? It’s not like they can vote.
This is a mostly photo tutorial of how I created my second ever quilt. First was my daughters little cuddle blanket.
The independent newspaper Takoma/Silver Spring Voice is one of the hubs of community life in Takoma Park; its editor Eric Bond is a respected community reporter who frequently chairs local political and educational events.
so soft
I LOVE to surprise my family! My husband walked in the door just in time to smell the pie coming out of the oven. I don't think much says "welcome home!" like warm smells coming from the kitchen. Well that and I big smooch and a smile that says "I'm so happy to see you!"
The Lost Ladybug Project is super-duper importante to us here and we implore you to help out! Be safe today during the program and by all means ENJOY!!!
1 neighbors
Took a gnaw, by the way, at his shank.
If you know people who took the Bac or were doing concours (I know a few who passed, yay!) The French test system is ridiculous, but it does lead to some fun celebrations.
The issue concerned arose in Case 200.060.916/01 Slewe Beheer & Bloom Holland v The Groove Garden, judgment of 13 December 2011, concerning illuminated flower pots (yes, really - they take their flowers pretty seriously in the Netherlands).
And the work will have to be just in term time. Kids do need to be supervised in school holidays, or otherwise, as Blogger on the Cast Iron Balcony Helen so fetchingly puts it, they will end up building meth-labs in the back yard. It will probably take a bit of legislation or maybe incentives for employers to make this happen too, so that might be another dead rat that National needs to swallow, given that traditionally, they’re all about “keeping government out of business” and “leaving people free to make their own decisions” and “cutting compliance costs for businesses.”
Bring two cups of water to boil in a medium saucepan, add lentils, reduce to a simmer and cover. Cook, covered, 20 minutes or until lentils are tender, then season with salt. If the lentils are tender before all the water is absorbed, drain the excess water out.
Hey everyone! I have been taking a bit of a mental health break this week (off at both jobs!) but I decided to share a quick and easy craft with you today because I just can't stay away! These are cute little office style envelopes for gift cards. There is a template available at the bottom of the post, feel free to grab it and manipulate it to any size you want in your favorite image program. While I make these to wrap up gift cards, they would also be great to make a little larger and gift recipe cards to your friends any time of year. If you have a lot of gift cards you send out at the holidays, now is a perfect time to get started on a little stash to have on hand as well. When making your template, I recommend printing it out on card stock as it is easier to trace around and will last longer than printing on regular paper. Also, the gift card envelopes I made are 2.25 inches x 3.5 inches final size. One of these days I will learn how to upload pdf files so you get things the right size to start, I swear! However, these envelopes are great for not only gift cards, but regular cards, thank you's and, as previously mentioned, wrapping up tasty recipe cards as well, so you will likely want to adapt it to any size you want.
My recommendation :
This year, I am a dismal failure about my Christmas Baking & Edible Gifts. I had all kinds of plans, and had plenty of recipe ideas on my Pinterest boards. I bought the canning jars, plastic bags, fancy bows and strings. I stocked up King Arthur Flour, powdered sugar, dark and white chocolate, nuts, all kinds of sprinkles and fancy doo-dads. But, the best of intentions fell flat. I have a perfectly good excuse--
Dellers then continues, saying, "He has set out to reclaim for the people of Britain the credit for a glorious victory which was stolen from them by the political Establishment". He concludes the review with a quote from the end of the book:
“I know enough. You can’t seduce me, bend me to your will or leave one mark on me because I’ll fight you.”
When six members of the nation’s highest court appeared last week at the State of the Union address, Justice Samuel Alito was seen whispering “not true” and shaking his head as President Obama criticized a ruling that allows unlimited corporate campaign contributions. The incident garnered so much attention for the typically overlooked bench that it may become the standard for the release of legal opinions.
I did not really reflect over this until I happened to sit next to the guy at the aircraft and the guy in front of him turned around and asked:
and these soft-spoked words?
Hayes found that without a larger purpose–activism, teaching, creating a business or otherwise moving outside the home–women’s enthusiasm for the domestic arts eventually flagged… ‘There can be loss of self-esteem, loss of soul, and an inability to return to the world to get your bearings. You can start to wonder, What’s this all for?’ It was an unnervingly familiar litany: if a woman is not careful, it seems, chicken wire can coop her up as surely as any gilded cage.
NHS shamed over callous treatment of elderly
There are many imperfections, but I think it gives it character. :)
Atrocity Exhibition (Piccadilly Radio Sessions) produced by Stuart James
The Animal Go-Bag for a Dog is the concept of Go-Bag for yourself. The difference is that it is designed for a Dog. You will need to get or make a bag that will be attachable to the dog. There needs to be enough supplies in it for 72 hours, or enough time get to your location. Once your at your destination you will need to be sure that you are prepared to care for your pet for up to 1 year. After 1 year you need make sure you can make provisions as necessary.
In order to be considered a legitimate child during the Regency, your parents had to be married at the time of your birth. It didn’t matter what their status was at your conception, as long as they made it to the altar—together—before you made an appearance in the world. If you came before the nuptial ceremony, you were illegitimate, forever, even if your parents married later*.
As I take a moment and move my vision beyond those who have climbed this vibratory ladder within our emotional field… I can still see the wide-spread bolts of electricity all over the realm of earth. What I find really interesting… is the energy fueling the portal, super intense, concentrated, directed with purpose.
How then will they call on him in whom they have not believed? And how are they to believe in him of whom they have never heard? And how are they to hear without someone preaching? Rom 10:14 ESV
The sale of Hendon Football Club is one of those sales listed. This is a curious affair. Members of the local Jewish community wanted to buy it for a much needed girls school, and made an offer higher than that accepted by the council, yet their offer was rejected. Odd, very odd, especially usually our Tory councillors are very keen to encourage new schools, and are always supportive of similar schemes. Mrs Angry was at the meeting where this was approved, and noted with admiration the way our deputy leader eased us all through the legal issues raised by this strange decision - with another lubricious dollop of unseemly haste. Aah. Hardly felt a thing, John Thomas.
I dream your touch slowly moving down my cheek.
So please, don't force it to be time for anything. Allow it to be time for social functions if you so choose. Otherwise, do what you started the blog for. If you started it as a way to show pictures, let me see what you've got. If you started it to rant about your family, I think we can all relate. Take a minute to get back to basics and maybe turn off your stat counter for a while!
The political scandal has started spiralling up at a time when less than a week is to go before the French presidential election run-off.
Does it bother you that much that Sam and Freddie are dating, Mrs. Benson?
What would my life have been like if I grew up in California? Would I still have met my husband?
10.RED C "Pressure's On"
The branch here is great too! All of the members love the missionaries and are always offering to help. I was super surprised on Thursday morning when Diego, the branch missionary leader, called to ask us if we needed any members to help give car rides to our investigators on Sunday morning. Wow! I really think that I´m going to like working here for my last area...:) The only downside is that most of the members here are very busy with work and things and seem to always be running...Sister Dangerfield said that it is hard to find members that can come with us to teach lessons during the day. Oh yes, cool story...Well, on Friday morning during companionship study we made the goal to try to teach more lessons with a member present. We were just heading to our first appointment of the day when suddenly we heard a shout behind us. "Sísteres!" When we turned around we saw a woman hurrying towards us. I thought "oh, another irmã from the ward" and Sister Dangerfield said she thought "must be another person from Rio Pardo that knows Sister Gee" :) haha...but really it turned out to be a member from São Paulo who is came here to Santa Cruz for a business trip with her husband. She told us "Sisters! I´m here alone and am bored and have nothing to do...and I love missionary work! Can I come with you on your visits? I have a car!" :D haha....perfect!! Another testimony to me that Heavenly Father will always help us reach our goals when we are doing all we can....this is His work!
In conversation with a friend, we were saying may be we must stop paying our bills and then may be they will call us!?!?! If we as prompt paying customers get this service, GOK what others are provided with?!?!
Prepare the printed fabric by cutting them down to fit an 8.5x11 size. Match the size to the heat bond material and cut both of them to size. Iron the fabric on top of the heat bond and make sure the iron setting is on high.
There have been a lot of versions in both films and TV shows. The most famous today is, of course, the Disney cartoon “Little Mermaid” which was shown in 1989.
Anyone have lists that keep growing and growing?
Jasper groaned, collapsing on top of his mistress. As he noticed she wasn’t moving, his eyes filled with tears. “Goodbye m’lady.” He whispered into her skin.
The work/job issue was the trigger that sent me spiralling last week. It is the one last piece of the puzzle I needed to be able to really move forward with my life. I now have that piece. I finally found a job.
The first clear message seems to be that "season's greetings" part, Walken's kinetic hustler delivery bringing out the surrealist edge to it. I remember not really liking the film too much when I rented it, drunk, a decade or so ago, but it works much better a second time because it reads as a meditation on the trickster nature of the UFO abduction phenomenon rather than a nuts and bolts case horror story like The Fourth Kind (see my 2010 article "Take us to Your Benzos") or Fire in the Sky.
Even though baby Hunter isn't arriving until summer, we are all anxious to outfit his new space. I came up with this design board for my brother and his wife after they told me that they wanted baby jungle animals. I found the bedding at Target for only $40 and we used that as our jumping off point.
Having a homebirth is an amazing experience. It was so wonderful to be able to get into my own bed with my baby. Everything went perfectly. The midwives were great. It was a real luxury to have two midwives undivided attention throughout my labour, in a hospital they would be coming in and out. I understand its different for everyone, but if you are young and healthy and low risk, I think having your baby at home is a good option.
But, I think it is.
my heart pouring its molten mass onto your palms.
15. Dirty Laundry (Don Henley song)
The South African National Halaal Authority (SANHA) actually employs outrageous scare-tactics to convince people that there is a need for Halaal certification.
Masturbation also tends to increase self-esteem and body-confidence. It allows you to become
carry me, when I weep you will
I have tried to make cakes from scratch before and they have never turned out as tasty or easy as this one. I have to admit that if I am short on time I have cheated and made a store-bought red velvet cake however I will not cheat on the icing. This icing is to die for! It is not like a traditional cream cheese frosting you will find on many Red Velvet Cakes. This one is almost like whipped cream but is very rich. It also is fairly simple to make as long as you follow the instructions and make sure the flour mixture is completely cooled before preparing the remainder of the icing.
A Step-By-Step Guide
Green tea with jasmine
And then we had you.
"Wait! Are you saying that I have to stop following instructions and start being an artist? Someone who dreams up new ideas and makes them real? Someone who finds new ways to interact, new pathways to deliver emotion, new ways to connect? Someone who acts like a human, not a cog? Me?"
Please continue to support the guest Artist, BaliMoon, at the town hall till the end of the month. It is a dynamic exhibition, so there will be new pictures from time to time.
-As he had come home to surprise his family, I was able to stop and see Chris Black on my way back to Lexington. I can't believe it had been that long since I had last seen him. I was also able to catch up with Sarah Olds while she was back in the states. They are back to their "homes" now. But it was so great to see them and get a physical hug.
Last year I worked at home. When I was at home, I had been cleaning. In the process, I found I was getting rid of things that we don't need. Most of the items disposed of had been clothes. I had half a car load of just my old clothes.
Personally, if I had a womanly physique, permed hair and a nose fourteen times the size of my mouth, I reckon I could find better ways of starving to death. But good on him – he found an interest and he pursued it.
However, Jewish identification doesn’t require joining a synagogue. A synagogue is a place for strengthening Jewish identification through performing the rituals – daily prayers, life cycle events, Shabbat/holiday celebrations, Torah study, etc. Some people need it – a synagogue helps them define more clearly what they are supposed to do outside the synagogue in the real everyday life where the construction of “A Better World” is going on. However, not everybody needs it – some people can live Jewish life without being connected formally to a personal synagogue and rabbi. For most of the Jews that’s the case – about 85% of the Jews are not members of any organized religious community. And this number is increasing – a better family and general education allows many people to figure out how to identify themselves as Jewish on their own.
Pack 2: Darrelle Revis, Vince Young, Demaryius Thomas RC, Willis McGahee
Nor can those hiring statements be validated empirically. Not all minorities are encouraged specifically to apply at my university. Orthodox Jews are not encouraged. White Mormons are not encouraged. And neither are white Hispanics. We really discriminate when we take affirmative action against discrimination. I hope someday we take affirmative action against illogic.
With 16 years of making personal care products under their belt, I am sure that you will love EO and their products! I am super excited to have found them, and we will stocking our bathtubs with the EveryBody soaps. I for one and interested in trying out some of their other products like foaming hand soap, their all purpose home cleaning soaps, and the new organic deodorant.
John Smith’s Grand National record: no previous runners
1) something crazy happens to prevent me from posting in a timely manner - I get sick, the power goes out, our internet goes out, there's a tornado warning which not only causes the power and internet to go out but keeps me huddled in the hallway with my family for hours and hours (not really conducive to putting together a blog carnival... but great for finishing the latest family read-aloud).
I'm going to try all three and hopefully find the best for me~
So I met her (again) at 7 and the two of us and her friend Maddie, who she’s been traveling around Europe with, went to get dinner. We stayed for three hours, two courses, talking about everything that’s happened since we saw each other in London two weeks ago. (two weeks? was my life so different two weeks ago?) They told me about the people they met on the road: a French dancer; a couple of gay Australians; a Danish trucker who hit on them for two hours straight; an Indian girl who did their hands with henna…I told them about New Jersey and going to the beach and wondering if anyone else in the world was doing what I was doing at that moment…Ari told me about getting her iPad, iPod, and train ticket stolen…I told them about seeing one of my Seeing Eye puppies work…
James provided a fantastic overview of some of the machinery at the AV Plastics plant, demonstrating the control panels and machine set ups. On top of this, James also offered an insight into the business and commercial aspects of running a smaller injection moulding plant, discussing some of the advantages, such as their suitability to handle lower run projects, which are more financially viable for companies to source within the UK.
Perhaps I hold onto false hope
1/4 inch slice fresh ginger
you 'bailing' on me
Today, I lost 45 minutes of my life that I won't get back in a hurry. I spent 45 excruciating minutes on the blower, explaining the same situation to three different people, all of whom would be paid regardless of whether or not my problem was solved.
Whether tourists visit art museums, churches or gardens the sites reflect conflicts between people. Shakespeare probably got inspiration from such history of power seekers, lustful warriors and conquests of humankind. The Visigoths didn’t leave much of an imprint of their culture. The price of real estate probably sent them seeking lower rates somewhere else.
She also said she is a good girlfriend who likes to cook and have a laugh but loves drama in a relationship: “I love a bit of drama. That’s a bad thing. I can flip really quickly.”
Giulia takes Lucrezia on a field trip to one of the poor areas—an old Roman bathhouse that now houses orphan children—and explains that the nunneries that used to care for the orphans there are starved of funds. The bathhouse they’re walking through is starved of water, too. The two ladies decide to set themselves to the task of restoring the water and getting the money out of the curia. Giulia suggests they recruit Vannozza as well. Hell yes, that’s an excellent triumvirate.
Minister in the Prime Minister’s Department Koh Tsu Koon said the government had no intention yet of remembering the May 13 incident as the ‘National Muhibah Day’ like Singapore which turned the worst racial riot in the republic on July 21, 1964 as Racial Harmony Day.
Especially when the prize is super awesome. Like winning a copy of Witch Song--just before the holidays no less. Just tell me upfront. First line. Save me all this trouble of . . .What?
Eurozone banking crisis
Mon 11/10 Buffalo, NY The Town Ballroom
Caffé Mymy
When I see you, you’re quite the marvel
- Let it cool in the fridge
Please remember to link back here so that others who may want to join KCCO can find us.
I'm not so blinkered that I don't know this goes on; I do know people will always be treated differently if they are disabled. But don't our young people deserve a chance to prove themselves, even if they do have a disability? Shouldn't we feel obliged to help those who need a little extra help to flourish? I'm not sure whether my friend will appeal against the decision; we both thought that if John was eventually given the work placement that he may feel uncomfortable, not to mention unwelcome, knowing he wasn't really wanted. But on principle, this kind of issue needs addressing, otherwise what future do our special needs kids really have?
Penfolds has a wide variety of wines at all levels of sophistication and price. The Rawson’s Retreat brand is considered an “introductory” level wine, probably because of its affordability and the fact that it is made with grapes grown not from a single vineyard but from throughout the region, including Padthaway, Langhorne Creek, Riverland and McLaren Vale.
One night, in Odin's mead hall, all the gods had gathered and started playing a game wherein they threw things at Baldr. Since he could not be harmed, nothing damaged him. Rocks, arrows, swords, hammers, all of it bounced harmlessly off Baldr. It was great fun. Especially if you're drunk off mead.
Bin Laden’s success lay in unifying “pre-existing strands of radical activism and increasing their violent focus on the US and the West”, said Burke. But he failed to stitch a lasting unity among localised Jihadist causes.
Your best bet in these noisemaker situations is to give them one of those double-entendre coughs, It's a cough, but it really means “Ahem… excuse me, but please refrain from further nuisances” (picture that in a snooty euro-trash kind of accent). Just don’t do it too often, or you might turn into Coughy. If the shut up cough doesn’t work, you’ll have to upgrade to a full shush and failing that, once again, resort to the ratting the perpetrator out, if you have the balls of course, as mentioned earlier. You can always mimic what they are doing, but sometimes people don't clue into that very quickly. Especially not these keen minds.
There is a scene in Woody Allen's recent film, Midnight in Paris, in which the protagonist reminds his fiancée of one of my favorite lines from William Faulkner: "The past is never dead. It's not even past." Hearing that line again reminded me of a couple of brief, personal encounters I had with Faulkner in 1961, when I was a student at the University of Mississippi, better known perhaps as "Ole Miss."
The government and the police appear to think that keeping these campaigns of organised rape quiet that this will prevent 'extremism' in the Muslim community as arresting and prosecuting these criminals may give ammunmition to some Islamist radicals to say they are being 'targeted' by the police.
sewn it over my left breast.
The downward spiral of the wage-earning classes has been well documented elsewhere, so we won’t repeat it here. The more important point that Ehrenreich makes is that positive thinking has become a powerful weapon in the hands of the corporations doing the downsizing, the outsourcing, the stripping of benefits and pensions.
and threaten from the corners where they hide.
I've been battling a cold for the last three weeks. The kind of cold that begins in the head but settles in the chest and doesn't want to leave. It's had me off my bike for the most part but Saturday I decided it had taken enough of what few good warm weather riding days I have left this year. I topped off my iPod Nano and Garmin 705 then headed out late Saturday morning for a longish ride into western Wisconsin.
“The residual effect from the recession and housing bust continues to be an obstacle for both lenders and borrowers in the housing market,” said Equifax Chief Economist Amy Crews Cutts. “We’re seeing effects of the economic recovery within existing accounts in the form of fewer delinquencies and foreclosures, but not a substantial amount of new activity as home sales and resulting new-home financing fail to keep pace with payoffs and foreclosures.”
Lynne Hillier’s long-term research, published as the Writing Themselves In reports, has provided unique insights into the health implications of society’s treatment of same-sex attracted youth.
You see, countless millions of us also took our own versions of that same oath when we joined the military or law enforcement, and our oaths did not come with an expiration date.
They were "The Crap"......
I used to walk religiously at 6:00 a.m. everyday, 6 days a week. Never missed. With this came the ability to recognize cars and know when they pass. Most of them would pass me at the same time of morning. One particular morning I was walking and I came upon this really sharp corner. I heard this truck coming and I knew how this particular driver drove. I decided to cross the street rather than run the risk of this kid hitting me on the inside corner.
“Did you go in the woods much?” asked Chris.
I had the time of my life seeing Europe with Midlake. That was the longest I had ever been out with what I think is an epic band. They are dears.
To start, he apparently doesn't eat nachos.
OTHER RSD RELEASES WE WILL HAVE:
As you travel down I-15 with its barren land, cactus and Joshua trees, you do find beauty in the multi-colored hills. There is a turn-off for Highway 99 and you trudge up the Tehachapi Pass. As you barrel down the pass, you enter the most fertile farm land of California’s Central Valley. There are as many crops grown in the Central Valley as there are farms dotting the road-way; grapes, corn, tomatoes, and every type of fruit or vegetable you can imagine.
.....one of my love/hate resolutions was to grow my hair out until I have my next baby....
“You need to be widely read; you need to be exposed. Your mind must be open or else you won’t succeed.”
In her reply, Sisulu said "all possible physical measures" were in place to secure weapons in SANDF storage.
Ironically, the owners of The Batcave had dreams to create their own community on the property, to be called The Gowanus Village. Revealed in 2004, their initial designs for this luxury housing development imagined "350 condominium and rental units... on a more than two-acre site," according to The Brooklyn Paper. The NY Times described it as "a collection of loft buildings and townhouses on the east bank of the canal." The Gowanus Village was just one of several large-scale housing developments planned in the neighborhood during the last decade. Other proposals included the Toll Brothers development, the Public Place project, and a Whole Foods Market to be located in a brownfield across the street from the Batcave.
So this weekend was really fun. Many books were read and many new sights were seen. I am glad to have had the chance to do it and I look forward to doing it all over again. After a very long nap that is.
So many possibilities when you take the humble pallet and turn it into art. I can't wait to do a headboard with the rest of them, and whatever else I come up with. Well, what do you think? Are you in love with pallets too? And have you ever made anything from them?
Mother’s Day began on May 10, 1908, when Anna Jarvis arranged celebrations in Philadelphia and Grafton, West Virginia. (How very thoughtful of you, Anna).
1) I sit in my car and watch a wondrous waterfall. The foam reaches my car, and I sense its vibration through the car – like a motor, very strong. Writing this, i think about the crying-bouts last night.
And he who eats of this bread,
It came out in 1996, during a reasonably quiet period in U.K. Hip-Hop, yet you seemed to get a lot of attention, especially in the U.S. and Europe. U.K. acts have as a general rule were always popular in countries like Germany, France and Sweden for example, but not really in the
Description : Texture makes a look stand out in a very fashionable way, and this skirt is a craft-cool approach to dimensional style! Featuring attached white lining to skirt. Skirt slightly sheer under harsh lights. Styled with Pleated Diagonal Bow Detail Blouse.
The big Mariners-Yankees trade was officially announced by the teams yesterday afternoon, and there were no surprises.
An understanding of the Universal Story helps you arrange a story or when, having written, you find yourself mired and lost or simply curious about where you are and where you are headed or, at least, the general direction in which you are moving.
Thanee puts a hand on Mesdan’s shoulder, and for a moment Mesdan feels a horrible wrenching indecision. It vanishes as Thanee’s next words fall out in a rush.
My favorite scene takes place early in the novel, in a gas station as Perry and Dex are driving to the lighthouse to shoot the first episode of their ghost hunting show (which is called “Experiment in Terror”). Perry runs into a friend from college and a boy she knew in high school who make her feel like shit. It’s a short scene, but it establishes both Perry and Dex’s characters so well, and gives us a glimpse into the extent of the damage that Perry sustained due to the fact that a large number of people are nasty jerkfaces.
So now I've gone from recently having NO plan for 2012 to suddenly being registered for two halfs. YIPES! Also, I'm 90% sure I will be signing up for the Seahawks 12k (instant PR as it is a new distance) on April Fool's Day.
Title: I Am Number Four
Tim Holtz- Pen nib and Adage ticket
Lots! It would be unforgivable to make careless mistakes. I have to research clothes, food, customs, places, look at old maps, and generally immerse myself in the era. I’m sure I still get things wrong, but I try not to.
08 Cigarettes and Alcohol
some small solar panels right now at my Vehicle, my buddy has more for the property, we will bring them up in the spring. Winter time, they have to be in the sun getting position, all the time, or not enough power at all. Next winter I will have two small wind turbines, one self made and the other small one, store bought.
Don’t worry I know there are studies out there about everything, we are made to feel guilty about everything that we do. I’m sure the fact that I am putting butter and peanut butter onto the toast probably does more harm than taking the crusts off! Anyway, I’ll try and keep the crusts on and will hope that Miss F might accidentally bite into them and think that they are actually ok.
The house is just about finished being put back together. I have had fun putting things back together and hanging many rugs.
So yes. That means you know the ending to the Hellraiser franchise. Nothing matters anymore, because the only thing that apparently ever mattered in this story was that deus ex machina formula the bald guy used at the end of this one. The rest of the movies? Nothing really matters! Because you know the ending to it all! There’s no suspense at all anymore! All the previous storylines are thrown out the window! Kaput! Thrown to the wolves! Gone for good!
I’ve soon been out of work for five years with a 6 month employment in 2008 as the only break from poverty and unemployment. Before this unemployment I had my leg problems that lasted more than a year. So life’s been good.
Like Mitch Ablom, I suck at goodbyes. I still remember my final words to my mother-in-law the day she died of pancreatic cancer. I wasn't ready to let her go. I wasn't ready to believe that it was hopeless. I wasn't ready to say goodbye. So, instead, I told her she was the best mother-in-law I've had. It was true. It was jokey and it made her laugh. I hope she knew just how much I loved her even though the words weren't there.
“The animal hospital in Petsmart takes walk-ins. I’m going to take her there for her checkup. And I’ll get the license and the photos.”
Fluid checks look great, still showing the twins are boys and the singleton is a girl. Everything looked great on the triplets, but here's the kicker. The Perinatologist (high risk doctor) told me to "stop being super mom and just lay down and rest. Really?? How on earth is this possible when I have my own 4 children to care for as well as a house to keep clean? I feel bad when David comes home and the house is a disaster, though he says he doesn't care. He says top priority is keeping me safe and rested. Still, I feel guilty when things aren't done. He works hard.
33 Super Freego - Tu Peux Crever
In fact there are a number of subtexts. The first one is obvious, they are telling us that because there were a smattering of “non-Brits” involved in important historical events (34 Poles in the RAF, one African on the Victory etc.) we owe people of other nationalities a huge debt of gratitude and should gather daily on the sides of the roads leading to Gatwick, Stanstead, Heathrow and Victoria coach station to cheer, wave flags and toot with our vuvuzles as uncapped masses of immigrants arrive.
I remember cooing over them as babies (cos that's what you do isn't it?) and eventually thinking ''it'll be nice when they actually do something''.
I have to be honest that it isn't the most gorgeous thing I've ever seen, but the girls LOVE having their drawings on their curtain and the "church window" effect it has on the room....it definitely doesn't block much light, but it works well for privacy, which is what we really needed it for since their window looks out on a busy street.
The old Lie: Dulce et decorum est
I'm also really kicking up the frequency of my exercise. I was only working out 2 or sometimes 3 times a week during the second half of the semester (which is fine, I'll take any exercise over no exercise) but it's not quite enough to keep me feeling less crazy. So now I'm aiming for 5-6 times per week, with a combination of running (with my running buddy H.), personal training and cardio dance at Hipline. Already I feel better and it's only been a week or so of increased physical activity.
Eric Stanley’s cover of “Inception” by Hans Zimmer (from the Inception soundtrack)
That is why I would not begin to vote in favor of a "temporary tax hike" like Gov Brown has suggested, or any other inconvenience to private sector citizens. The problem is government itself, pure and simple. That, and the willingness of the public to compromise principle in hopes of class revenge or some undeserved personal gain.
Hmm...wonder why his search request yielded no results. :)
A new handset is on the cards. A Smart one of course.
You really don’t notice any pixel-to-pixel differentiation, and images and videos look great. I did notice that when the phone fires up, there’s a small, rectangular block on the top right of the phone where the screen displays that the software is loading up. It looks like any other progress bar you’ve seen before, but when the progress bar disappears that little block of pixels is much whiter than the rest of the start-up screen.
“What happened?” He frowned at the cut.
Once-dominant Eastman Kodak Co and its US subsidiaries hit by decline of photographic film business in digital era (Guardian 19 January 2012)
Lumapit ako sa nurse.
Like a lot of York it plays upon its olde worlde charm, you sit amongst the rafters on old wooden benches looking up at the antique hunting trophies that adorn the walls.
My hunters were greeted by an amazing sight: a possum had indeed gone for the bait and sprung the trap. But there was also a raccoon out there. Apparently, the raccoon had opened the trap door and let the possum back out. When my guys appeared, the two crafty burglars took off for the woods.
happy birthday Leo!
anymore but may be useful to someone else. What you give is what you get in
I am so proud that my kids love being creative! They both love painting and drawing and coloring in!!!!
After reading about Granola Moms, I decided to see how I measure up to the list of “granola mom” qualities.
*I knew we would have the possibility of PCS/moving/relocating
When you become a parent, there are guidelines and rules everywhere. Websites, books, and pediatricians all make a ton of money by telling parents exactly what to do, and when and how to do it. They tell us what weight our child should be, or they tell us to ignore those types of measurements. They tell us which store-bought diapers to use, or why cloth diapers are better. They extol the virtues of breast feeding, and tell us which formulas are best. You name a parenting topic: education, discipline, nutrition, activities, TV, whatever - there are hundreds if not thousands of people out there who are more than willing to tell you which way is the "best" and why. I guess you could say the same thing about me as well, although paradoxically I don't view myself that way. We are virtually overflowing with advice for parents from all angles.
On love and life and loss and…
But I did stumble across the premiere of Green Lantern outside Grauman’s Chinese Theatre on Hollywood Boulevard. Ryan Reynolds, Max Adler (Dave Karofsky in Glee), Blake Lively, Zachary Levi, Tim Robbins and Jason Bateman.Here are some pictures that I took:
Ba - humbag and all that stuff.
After a quick Google search, I found a lot of recipes that didn't look very appetizing. I was starting to get discouraged when I finally found one that had some promise, on a blog called Micki's Morsels. She had some really yummy-looking photos on her main page, so this seemed like a good source.
“Actually,” Kesta interjects from directly behind Mesdan’s left ear. “That’s not true. I’ll be watching over Eliss.”
The good news is there is no reason to become stressed if your baby is breech or not head down even during the late stages of pregnancy, because most breech babies turn just before the pushing stage during labor.
Urad dal/spilt black gram: ¼ tablespoon
The civil ceremonies happen in a fancy room. The wedding guests gather down in the lobby and walk up the big staircase together. Once you're in the fancy room, an important lady wearing a sash enters and you have to stand up again. The important lady then mumbles a buncha somethin' somethin' in a language you thought you understood right up until you attended the wedding. (Seriously, was that French? I should study my marital vocabulary.)
Friday morning, the USC campus will be filled with smiling students posing for pictures next to the most important people in their lives. For Hitoshi Sameshima, however, graduation comes a little too late.
To get back on track, “looking better naked” is generally code for improving body composition, AKA adding muscle and losing fat. The first step in metabolizing fat is something called Beta Oxidation, which basically means chopping up fatty acids into smaller pieces that can be used for energy. Where does this happen? Mitochondria. What did we say aerobic exercises creates? MORE mitochondria. Ah ha! The more aerobically fit a person is, the more efficient they will be at burning fat during exercise.
Intricacies of gloom and glint,
Now, on to this week's challenge, which is....
A new aero package was prepared for China, but the team found testing inconclusive with the variable track conditions. The package was run again in practice for the Bahrain GP and adopted for both cars from qualifying onwards. The package included a revised rear wing, with new endplates sporting a squared-off lower section and mated to the diffuser with a larger vane. The floor was also revised, although the concept was largely carried over, so the changes are in the detail geometry and not the overall shape.
Let me just say that we ate like Kings, big hearty Kings. It was freakin amazingly delicious, and we had a great time too. Tony nicknamed us Luke ‘the smart one’ (me) and Boe ‘the crazy one’ (Pete) – The Dukes of Hazzard
He wasn't alone in using his time as a prisoner to study and learn new skills. The kriegies got hold of books and correspondence courses from home, they gave lectures and lessons, they put on plays and concerts. As Ted later said about his drawing, all this was 'a means of escape'; not through tunnels, but into an absorbing activity which could take you into another world.
ER. Can you tell us a little about the symposium itself and what it hopes to achieve?
Only six months ago I photographed Katie and Alex for their engagement shoot and then their wedding at Great Fosters, and last month I had the opportunity to photograph Katie’s sister Claire at her wedding to Lee. I’m quite disappointed that there are only two Lee sisters in the family as both weddings have been an absolute delight to photograph – obviously they are beautiful girls; but they also have a great style and taste.
I thought it was time to bring back my monthly mini candy. I have been so busy setting up the shop and jewellery making lessons as well as my cards lessons and my "real"job I have neglected this bit of fun for my followers
And that dear readers, is where I hope you will help me.
"It's part of our jobs to make sure that these characters stay dynamic and relevant," Lee says. "And that's what drove us on a creative level to make these kinds of changes."
After the Indian Removal Act was passed in 1830, the Seminole people were hunted like animals. They built the palm-thatched chickees for use as temporary shelters, hiding places. President Jackson sent a letter to the Seminoles that we reproduced in our museum, the last line of which reads:
French’s ear for the exact registers and locutions of Indian speech, reported without smirks or condescension, elevates his work above most other books of reportage on the country, eliding the distance from one’s subjects that often appears in the work of other writers and turning his narrative into an impressive act of ventriloquism in the manner of the Suketu Mehta’s Maximum City or Sonia Faleiro’s recent Beautiful Thing. Late in the book, an army officer is heard saying, as he describes a face-off between two colleagues, “The 2IC, the second-in-command, started abusing him when he was giving a report, saying your mother, your sister and all.” In such instances it is not the space granted to the subject as much as the attention to cadences of his voice that humanizes him.
And then there’s this:
“I’ve lost the router.”
so I'll work my youth away
After a few years, I focused more on certain singers and composers,
Though I would hate losing the hypnotizing sound of fingers tapping away on the keyboard.
Dies: Nesties Large Rectangle, Large Circle and Mega Deckled Rectangle with Sizzix Big Shot
For me, Gentleman’s Relish is the savoury that really conjures up romantic images of that era, I think just for the name alone. I can just imagine the bank manager or maybe a member of the British Raj eating a slice of toast, relish melting and seeping into it, as he reminisces of home.
(this excludes custom covers)
I have no choice but to be sick because I don’t deserve to be fully alive.
God has a purpose for each one of us. Do you know which one is yours?
Abdullah al-Senussi – image from guardian.co.uk
Spending time with real people again is like waking up from a dream. Ever since S left a month ago I've been alone with my imagination and the smell of pastel colored spring flowers on the bedroom window ledges. It's not necessarily a good thing. With Chloe here I have someone to talk to, to model dresses for and to spend late nights on the balcony with, breathing in the damp Atlantic air to the sounds of a city that never sleeps.
I find that keeping the 3D bar around halfway, is good for me and I dont get nauseated the second I lose “sync” with the image. I play mostly on the busride to downtown in the mornings and the bus ride aint that smooth, but I can play ok.
Well, he was not deterred and we drove around till we found ice cream. Turns out we inadvertently moved to the gross side of Gaithersburg. Apparently on the the other side of the highway is a lovely, ticky-tacky world of recently built townhomes and quick-rise “town squares” where Whole Foods, Cold Stone Creamery, Lowe’s, yoga studios, wine bars and dental offices all try to pretend they’ve been here longer than they have and their store fronts are not really strip malls. Not that we can afford the fancy stuff anymore, but we did eat expensive ice cream and bought vitamins and Honest Tea in Whole Foods and I felt a lot better that day.
In USA’s current state of financial debt, it is best to have Joe Public type candidates running for election. Mitt Romney being 250 million wealthy, would be extremely incongruous for the current times, though if anything Romney’s family is very much American. Romney himself conversely is not very American at heart having done the corporate raider thing. How much of the 250 million is from corporate raiding Romney? That money is not REAL wealth and calculated in monetised debt and a nebulous stock market backed by QE Fiat which really has very little reality in REAL GOODS and REAL JOBS that is destroying the value of American currency. How about donating all of that (in all Xian considerations) *IMMORAL* wealth, to clear up state debt or to fund something for the people? Corporate raiding obtained wealth is shameful to own IMHO, thats the ‘Capitalist Pig’ (of fiat to boot!!!) meme of Americana that Romney represents as well – a VERY Xian type (otherwise ethical type) would not want to have anything to do with corporate raiding.
Cr: jktasian @ wordpress
While sections 92B – E have come into force (dealing with other aspects of Internet service provider liability for copyright infringement), the entry into force of section 92A has been delayed on two occasions to allow for the formulation of a voluntary "ISP Copyright Code of Practice" (“the Code”) to provide guidance for Internet Service Providers (“ISPs”) and right-holders (“RH”) on how section 92A is the operate.
I probably offended the coin gods.
My bedroom is painted dark purple. Previous tenants had it like that and we didn't paint over, I like it. I'm trying to get teal accessories/decorations in, I love the purple/teal combo! Our furniture is white/pale, so it brings in some brightness.
Sometimes the person is in the right place, but they have to grow into it. And not only do they have to grow into it, but they also have to be trained and developed into it. You know they have the giftedness, they have the ability, they have the passion; but they need time and someone to help them. Smaller organizations often can’t afford to hire the best, so they have to hire young people with great potential and then train them.
I can almost hear the sighs from readers who just want to leave their bed untouched until they get into it again at night, but having a clean wrinkle-free place to sleep is one of the things that will make a difference to your day and how well you get through your work. You are mindful of your diet and exercise, you shower every day - or most days, you clean your teeth, make sure you store your food properly so it remains safe and healthy; your bed, my friends, is in that category. It matters. If you're just going to pull up the sheets during the day, why not give yourself another two minutes and make the bed.
Be sure to stop by the CPS blog for more great inspiration. We'd love to see your take on the sketch. You could win a great prize pack from Gina K Design Illustrators this week or be our Friday Featured guest.
Officials at the VA wouldn’t release the man’s name, but said he was 25 years old and had been working at the lab since October, handling the bacterium Neisseria meningitidis for at least several weeks.
“Slayer fans everywhere – it’s time to let you know what is going on with our brother Jeff Hanneman.
100gr dark chocolate (at least 70%)
While studying at Suffolk University for her Bachelor’s Degree in Business Management, Tanya was a member of Phunk Phenomenon Urban Dance Theater for 5 years doing numerous performances all over the New England area to include Kiss 108FM Summer Concert, Boston Celtics Games halftime and timeout performances, Jordan’s Furniture Camp Miracles and many charities.
While I'm still a Doer - being infinitely curious about life - I don't fret about loss of time. (it's a work in perpetual progress though)
Step 1: Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees. Cream softened butter and sugars together. Add eggs and vanilla, mix well.
Or seen a Dove?
It was an epic display, as seen from space. All of the elements of nature and the science of man had taken a massive dump on the earth, like a spastic stack of dominoes set in motion by the finger of God. Or in this instance by the unwitting hand of some moron in StealthTech. Honestly, it wasn't even this poor schmuck's fault. Somebody had to be the Judas, it is written. Judd hadn't an idea how the event would come about, or even what the event would be; he only knew that it would happen soon, and it would be cataclysmic. It was sort of funny. He had the numbers to prove it, any fool mathematician could see the truth. Judd had become famous, went on the talk show circuit. He met Cindy Cathas and had coffee with her. The world watched, fell in love with his quirky boy next door familiarity. The government even threw some millions at him for R and D. No joke. No joke.
Eyes narrowing again, Meg glared at the nurse. The nurse was completely unaffected by the scowl, “I’ll page Doctor Montgomery right away. He’ll want to look at you. How long as she been awake?”
If I told you I could simplify this process for you, would you be interested?
I never quite knew what Dad meant... was I going to grow light bulbs out of my body?... but I did get the message, that getting things done faster could make a difference in your life.
To begin this month I’m asking my readers to think about what makes great leaders great. You don’t have to limit your experiences to your professional life. Perhaps your example of a great leader is a teacher, friend, mentor, or historical figure. What do you look for in a leader?
And, of course, it’s skewing unique users. Take an example of someone who reads ten stories on your website on their work PC, a home PC, a mobile phone and a laptop within the month. That reader counts as four unique users. But if they were to read those ten stories just on their home PC, they are one unique user. Counting page impressions instead would mean both readers are treated the same.
Given that we are at a crossroads at USATF – i.e. in between CEO’s. It would seem that now is the time to look at how we might be able to recruit and incorporate the talents of former athletes, as other countries have done with Sebastian Coe, Sergey Bubka, and Alberto Juantorena.
I love Aveda products so I thought I would share this link to receive a free birthday gift - plus get lots of bonus offers and freebies by email when you sign up. And when you sign up then get 5 more people to sign up, you will get a free Hand Relief Lotion (I LOVE this lotion!) Click on the image below to sign up now:
Olaitan Oyerinde, its Deputy
I can't believe Sara is in preschool. She will be 3 in October and is growing up so fast. I am so lucky to be her mom. We have so much fun together and she is just my 'treasure girl'. She tells me all the time I'm her friend and I love it. Lately she has been obsessed with watching Tangled, eating cherries, playing with her baby, talking like crazy, and asking a million questions. She's so smart and inquisitive. It's amazing what she is able to understand. I think preschool will be perfect for her and she will love it.
credit on its attractiveness to
Since the popularity of Garrett under the glowing Christmas tree just keeps growing on pinterest, I keep wondering how many of you have actually followed through with trying out the tips I shared on taking a glowing Christmas tree this year. Then I thought to myself "You'll never know unless you ask!"
or digital paper sets of their choice.
Accessories - square lattice embossing folder, 1 1/4" circle punch, vintage tags, brads, linen thread, dimensionals
Now I’m meddlin’!
Originally named Killingworth Township, the latter part of the name was quickly dropped through lack of colloquial use. Killingworth is often referred to as 'Killy' by a large portion of residents of the town and residents of the surrounding areas.
October 3: Every time we go to my mother's house, this little face calls to me.
“We brought your father in this morning. Mr. Connar wants you all together.” Crack. End of conversation.
This recipe came from FrugalFeeding. The original recipe calls for a “large knob of butter” and “a good slug” of olive oil. Sounds pretty good, right? I lightened it down by using light butter and only a tablespoon of olive oil.
I have to dash off to my TMJ appointment for the day. I would love to come back and show you the other two projects we'll be making this weekend, so I'm crossing my fingers that I can find a few minutes to post those soon! Thanks for stopping by!
I think that should be my new standard title for this blog, given how neglectful I've been of it lately. Can't offer up any excuses other than the standard "we been reallll busy around here."
Second, I would like to thank the bloggers whose mere mention sends scads of people my way. The list is not complete because I do not really understand how the referring statistics work. With that said and in no particular order, I would like to thank:
I just wanted to wish you and your family a very Merry Christmas and a Happy and Prosperous New Year.
Still killing me slowly.
The seasonally-adjusted unemployment rate across the 17 nations that use the euro rose to 10.9% in March from 10.8% in February, the European Union statistics agency Eurostat reported Wednesday.
7. The A in the Avengers Building was the A in “Stark” But i’m sure that just like the X-Men, they have an Avengers Mansion.
although it is a bit old report – 1 month ago. and the blogger is from Ireland who merely follows up what’s going on in the world with H1N1.
Dungeons & Dragons (D&D) is a fantasy role-playing game (RPG)
One of the problems I think we have in schools is that we train students to fear failure, to avoid it at all costs. Now, to be clear, I'm not suggesting you go out and fail all your classes. But I am suggesting that you should take some risks in your learning. That instead of avoiding things that are hard (because you might fail), you challenge yourself to step up and take on things that are difficult.
Man: Oh, you don't? Well what do you do?
Implementation with technical assistance, the resolution calls. Sri Lanka is indignant, bitter, even. Its pissing contest against the galactic empire lost, even with the support of China’s rebel force.
could hurt our PERFECT LIVES.
Test strips dipped into a urine sample can detect indirect signs of infection such as blood, protein, white blood cells and nitrites (most common bacteria convert nitrate, which is a chemical normally present in urine into nitrites, which are not usually present). A clean midstream urine sample should be sent to the laboratory for a microscopy examination. A level of 100,000 bacteria per millilitre of urine is regarded as a significant infection, especially if found together with pus or white blood cells (leucocytes) on microscopy. Any infecting bacteria are cultured in the laboratory to assess their sensitivity to common antibiotics.
No one person better personifies Brooklyn’s contentious path forward than the man they called “the last of the leather breeches” and “the great protester.” Jacob Patchen, a resident of Brooklyn who lived between 1790 and 1840, was a “sworn enemy to all improvements.” He refused to sell his property to the city trustees, and thus he was literally carted away from his home on Fulton Street, when its demolition was required to enable the development of a central market near the ferry landing.
"Did I just see you looking at the Word Wall? That is so smart! You are using your resources to help make your writing better!" :)
Don't you think I know
SML—Maybe the hair was standing up not because he was scared but from the static electricity.
I really owe this victory to my wife. Not only was she so understanding about the countless hours I stayed up late and got my word count in. She was also my biggest cheer-leader when I wasn’t keeping up, and kept my spirits up when I was feeling defeated by the size of the task.
And just because I'm having a slight panic attack right this second about that fact...
It's not a bad book. I passed an hour or so reading it, and was interested to see how it would turn out. But it's nothing special. I imagine I could get hooked if I had several in the series - which is quite lengthy - but don't think it's as good as the ballet stories by Noel Streatfeild. It's more on a par with the later ones by Lorna Hill although the characterisation is better.
For everyone else who loves Ryan Gosling and doesn’t have a weiner and doesn’t have the luxury of actually protesting outside Peopla Magazine’s headquarters, please feel free to post this all over your Bookface and Twatter:
In an age of omnipresent images it's hard to accept that we cannot rely on visual evidence for Nash's character - or even appearance. Instead we have to dig out old books and read both his descriptions of the world and other people's descriptions of him. He loved Henry Purcell and American jazz, Botticelli and the cartoonists of the New Yorker; the American humourist James Thurber said of Nash, 'At the time there was no one in England, or anywhere else outside the US, who knew our comic art so well, or appreciated it so heartily.’
You'll find two new wild birds ornaments in my Etsy shop which is here: Buckscountydesigns. Both are original oil paintings on porcelain. The Cardinal ornament is published on page 32 of Celebrate365's Winter edition. And don't forget, this week you can get 10% off everything in my Etsy shop (even sale items) using the code SNOWFLAKES at checkout.
Each day the clothes to be washed sit in the basket. It travels the basement stairs on the left hip. Sounds of water pour into the machine and the dryer spins. Scents of fabric sheets and liquid detergent creep into my nose. I look down the long concrete room – The Christmas boxes sit neatly against the wall, the memories are still fresh. A sadness creeps in. More boxes line the floor – Old toys and a bicycle lean forward, standing in the shadows. I wait for the little dog from the open door – He is smelling the cold winter morning. A teapot from the past peeks up at me from a half-open cardboard box. There are more surprises in the box – a saucer without its cup, the crystal candle holder, newspaper crumbled – Hides the rest. Sipping coffee, I turn over the books in a box. The musty smell hangs in the air – Promises are made to take the set upstairs – The Spring will bring them out – fashioned and fresh. The stairs act as a chair – The coffee is finished – Warm only. The winter day has begun.
Of course PM Najib only has to use that mandate he ALREADY has from the Rakyat to grant :
Copyright Date: 2010, Feb.
In early 2011 Ian Morrish, Sales Manager at ISE (Integrated Systems Europe) called out to members and specialists from the AV industry, including manufacturers, distributors and installers to donate products and time free of charge for Children’s Hospices around the UK. The scheme has seen over 25 companies come forward to show their support, and has now had four hospices completed including Acorn for the Three Counties, Children’s Hospice Association Scotland (CHAS) and Acorns Walsall. “This is a very exciting and rewarding project for everyone involved” says Ian Morrish, “I am delighted with the response I have had from the whole industry so far and I hope to work with other companies who will donate their time and resources to bring the joy of home cinema and entertainment into the lives of children who rely on the care and support given by their local hospice OR are living with a life-limiting illness.”
1st of April 2011
All this is happening at this time of year. But I referred to magic at the beginning of this post and that had to do with an egg. Here is a picture of a raw egg, balanced on its end. Why and how you may ask, well read on.
The meal is ended, she is bored and tired,
7) Or maybe L. would rather miniature pumpkin pies.
07. Hazing
Father-of-two Mr De, who took over the restaurant in September last year, was inspired to create the monster meal after watching US television show Man v Food.
Author: Julieanne Lynch
Did she also
Today we went up to my parent's house to visit. We haven't been there since Christmas and Noah was so happy to go and visit. Noah just loves seeing their puppy, Meeka, although he is incredibly allergic to her. It makes me sad because he is such an animal lover, but every time we are around dogs he has the worst allergic reaction. I'm hoping that he will grow out of it, but I guess only time will tell. Doug came over after work and we were able to have dinner together with my parents, which was very nice. The children were so worn out by the time we got home that they crashed before we pulled in the driveway. It was a great day :).
* "Hard-up Asda lawyers receive payment in first-of-its-kind 'no win, no TV' conditional fee agreement" (Scott Roberts)
The call to arms of the St. Crispin’s Day Speech from Henry V.
The statistics were uncovered in parliament by Lib Dem MP Martin Horwood, who sits on his party’s international affairs committee.
1/4 tspoon turmeric powder
Coincidentally, today (September 14) is the twenty eighth anniversary of Grace Kelly’s tragic, untimely death.
Being a sunny afternoon, we enjoyed some beach time right outside our hotel for about an hour. I think this beach area is some of the nicest in Waikiki.
i haven't been back since we moved in the summer of 2008, (our trip last summer was to alabama and florida and we didn't get to visit tennessee) so i am looking forward to seeing how things have changed.
However, I wasn’t so confident with my editing skills so I hired an editor based in the States to copyedit my MS. Keep in mind that by now, this manuscript had been through so many hands and, I thought, had been edited to an inch of its life. How wrong I was! Cassandra sent it back riddled with edits. It took a long time to pick through it, but when it was complete, boy did it show. The manuscript just kept getting better and better and the story just kept pushing through.
You got all that?
We went on our annual road trip to South Carolina two weeks ago. What a great trip! The weather was AMAZING. We were able to go to the beach every day, ride bikes, golf, walk, rent boats and fish. We crammed as much as we could into our 7 days there. And we drove, which was once again a great adventure. When stopping at a gas station in the Blue Ridge mountains of N.C., one of the kids, upon hearing the strong southern accent, asked, "what country are we in?".
Hi everyone. Just wanted to update everyone to let you know I'm still here. It's that time of year that I focus on getting my coupons updated for the new year. Plus, this is also the time of year when I don't thrift much due to DH's job slowing down in the winter. There have been a few garage sales in our area but I'm a big chicken when it comes to getting out in the cold to garage sale - I just can't bring myself to do it. I'm really looking forward to the start of Spring and warmer weather and also the start of Ms. Rhoda's 2011 Thrifting Party to start back up.
Pina Colada: 4
18) L’Astrance (Paris, France)
The camcorder has also arrived so I will collect that just before I collect the "girls"
Idiots shouldn’t be in charge
Back to the P90X exercises: for all those that haven’t tried them – please do! It works those muscles that you didn’t even know you had. And the exercises change, there’s something new every workout. Ken-Po X was all about martial-arts-like kicks and punches. I tumbled, I fell, I lost balance, I think I made a total clown of myself for a girl that is an ex-dancer, pointing her toes and stretching her arms, without the slightest idea of what a proper punch should look like. But I’ll work on it. That sort of thing can one day come in handy in a dark alley somewhere…
Except maybe Roman Polanski. He'll probably find himself loving every aspect of Trevor the Rat, a pornographer who likes to drug and rape aspiring actresses.
I also want to say sorry to the people I have done wrong. I will not name names, you know who you are. I am very sorry. Hope you will forgive me for the mistakes that I have done. Let there be peace around! Please accept this tight hug for my sincerest apology *hug!!!!!!*
No cribbing about cranky muse (after all, she is a part of me), no tears and nose cleaning noises over rejections...because something else piqued my interest and well enough to grace this post :
I am quite clearly what some may call ‘a bit rubbish’ at keeping this blogging malarkey a regular thing. However, due to immense boredom on a Sunday afternoon HERE I AM! (Please imagine in the campest way imaginable, jazz hands included).
Well Roland, “Check”. The next move is on you.
How you can help be a part:
Corona is the highest selling imported beer in Australia – why, I can’t tell you*, it is so thin and pissy that the lemon is the only thing giving it any flavour and it is a bit like Carlton Cold in that it is obviously designed for people who don’t like the taste of beer – it nearly killed me to A) actually buy it and B) pay $3 for it. Can you believe that? Three dollars for Corona!!? Oh, and C) I had to drink it!
“Self” has been described as the essential self or the core of an individual. A person who has learned to live one’s life with a strong sense of Self is considered as someone who has achieved or come close to a level of self-actualization - namely, achieving personal growth through accepting the true core of oneself. If there is one character in “INTO THE WEST”who seemed to personify self-actualization, it was Thunder Heart Woman (Tonazin Carmelo and later Sheila Tousey), the Lakota woman who had married into the Wheeler family. I am not saying that Thunder Heart Woman was a person with no insecurities, personal demons or anything of the sort. But of all the major characters, she seemed to be more in tune of what and more importantly, who she was.
African nationalism came to power with more mass support than either of these two earlier waves but it has been losing that support at a prodigal rate: if one measures its support not as a proportion of the electorate but as a fraction of the eligible adult population, one gets a true picture of how deeply abstention and even a refusal to register at all, have eaten into the great voting wave of 1994.
suddenly appears at the three-thirty mark. As is often the case with Sigur Rós, the
Someone laughed.
The French are famous for their great cuisine, do you love to cook?
“We really don't have a problem that I think would result in something like that,” Christian said.
A BC Conservative political operative (who I will keep anonymous) called me April 4th after we had emailed back and forth about my criticisms of the BC Cons culminating with these:
Also "brave little orphan" isn't a phrase you can use without irony in this day and age. It's too over wrought to be taken seriously. You have to show us why we'll care about Jeremy. Right now he's just a Bekins man in the making.
Another argument against the pipeline was made by Arnie Nagy of the United Fisherman’s and Allied Workers’ Union: “The commercial fishing and tourism industries employ 45,000 people in B.C. Enbridge and the federal government want us to risk these sustainable jobs, the fisheries resources, our way of life and our communities for a mere 217 jobs.”
nettle gratin with Pecorino and nutmeg cream
Seriously. It's winter. It's fucking 20 degrees. There are two feet of snow outside and I HAVE NO HEAT! I feel like I'm going to cry.
2) Princess Laurentien of the Netherlands
Thankfully, as I sat stuck in pointless brooding, Wendy stepped up. “Well you know bud,” she said gently, “church isn’t really a place. Anytime a group of people get together to pray, or sing to God, or read the Bible they are…um…having church.”
Randy (5 years): Explaining to Randy that there were many different kinds of birds, and naming a few of them for him – robin, sparrow, blue jay – Randy interjected: “Don’t forget the Great Horned Owl!” (#80)
I clipped her card and a picture of the two of us on it.
97. Rent a canoe or kayak
practice law” exists anywhere. That means every one of you is
HEEEEELOOOOOOO everybody!!! Firstly I would like to apologize you that I was inactive last time. I was really very busy and i couldn't be with you. Now it will change! I come back and I have a lot of special suprises for you ;)
He had been discovered caught on a nail on a fence (thankfully it had not penetrated too deeply) and had a hair band wrapped around his middle. He had endured the downpours we have experienced without shelter and was covered in mud. He was very cold and in a great deal of distress and was having problems standing. Thankfully he appears to be on the mend, although I think it may take a few weeks before he sees grass again.
In the meantime, I leave with a little something about critic/poet Randall Jarrell's book of reviews/critiques/ essays: Kipling, Auden & Co.: Essays and Reviews, 1935-1964. NY: Farrar, Straus and Giroux, 1979.
But stronger than that is the smell memory of the squashy persimmons we got to take home to my mother. And a strangely vivid picture of a smiling, sharp, serious old man, talking over my head to my father but with a twinkle in his eye for me and my good manners.
While 80% of Indians earn less than 2$ per day and every second child is malnourished. It seems as if only the honest people are poor in India and want to get rid of their poverty by education, emigration to cities, and immigration, whereas all the corrupt ones, are getting rich through scams and crime. It seems as if India is a rich country filled with poor people.
Tracks 1- 4: Cozy Cole All Stars
Grape Tomatoes
There was no occasion for me. Just another Monday evening.
not mass produced messy * eclectic * sometimes too prissy
This past Sunday, I went to take out of the freezer what I thought to be sauce, only to open the container and see that it was yogurt! I did not have sauce to serve on Sunday! What was I to do??
I genuinely don’t have a preference for listening back, but I guess MP3’s just because of the quantity of music you can have with you. I listen to music pretty much the whole time I am awake and have always been more interested in having a huge variety of songs, rather than the format that they are on.
Now, if I were my parents, I would have just taken the dogs inside, got a trap, baited it with catfood, and waited until the next morning. That's often the case with large possums, but babies? Babies are easy. You just get them to climb onto the end of a broom and you move 'em to a safe spot. If you've got a pushbroom, you can probably get them up on a tree limb and safe from predators. If not, a neighbor's home is your best bet.
In some cases it can take as little as five days for the eroding effect to begin.
There is freedom to fail. There is freedom to grow. There is freedom to love. When everything falls apart, God repairs. When you mess up big time, He corrects. When you don’t understand, God reveals. When you are annoyed with God because He is always asking for your heart and you don’t feel like giving it to Him, He is patient. When you give up on God, He is faithful.
Today, at about 6:30 this evening (PDT), the 100,000th visit to Dominican Liturgy was recorded by the site's visit counter. This means we have averaged over 130 visits a day since Dominican Liturgy was founded in 2008.
or just a mirage?
And have me wait..."
I was never exposed to the Black Mask before this, but after this, I am very pleased. I laughed so hard at his scenes. His character is blowing a gasket at how the Red Hood is beating down his criminal empire, and he takes it out on every henchman he has. Slugging them left and right, and ultimately, fending for himself when danger comes crashing through his window. I found the character immensely entertaining here, but I’m sure, in normal circumstances, he’s portrayed in a more calm, in control, and vile fashion. Wade Williams just delivers an entertaining, personality rich performance that practically makes the whole movie for me.
We will incorporate the following physical activities indoors
I intend to open my eyes, wide
So, why not return to an earlier edition of the game? There's certainly enough retroclones out there, and a variety of other RPGs for the fantasy genre. While I could do so, I am a hopeless tinkerer, constantly test-driving new house rules and options, never satisfied with an RPG out of the box. Moreover, there are ideas involved in many different systems that I've loved, and so no one game has every option that I want to play with. So, rather than settle for one game or another, I decided to swipe my favorite bits and create the game that I wanted to play.
$50 can help provide either an anesthetist or lab tests for one patient’s surgery.
Founder FlexFokus
Plunked them
-Without the vegetation inserts this would be an overly large and hard space.
1 tablespoon of smooth apricot jam (it must be smooth – you can fish out the smooth parts of a chunky apricot jam if you can’t get smooth)
which we drowned in blueberries and icecream, just like the 4th of July. Seriously good, but kinda out of season...(what is WRONG with me?)
That is not being a proactive and pro-thinking teacher...right???
Whoops, I believe I left another sentence fragment hanging. Sorry, I have a problem with paragraphed asides that run amuck.
Nancy Hall: vocals
As it was Saturday night, when I got home there was nowhere I could get my camera, so I put him in a container of of rice and hoped for the best.
That pot was very a valuable antique. When Grandpa was still alive, an antique dealer came round to houses of old people to scour for old things. He offered a good price for the tea pot, and the paper mache. The latter, the antique dealer had never seen. Grandpa refused to sell, no matter how good the offer was.
I’m sorry, but you won’t get me to believe something on faith. I need evidence. Substantial, independently verifiable evidence. Just saying the bible contains it so it is true means absolutely nothing, because the Muslims also have their story book of god’s power, the Mormons have one too, the Hindus have a book too. Just because a holy book says something means nothing, because they all say that they are the 100%, infallible word of some deity, that all other faiths are wrong, and that they have evidence to substantiate their faith (which none of them do, including Christianity). The only logical explanation is that they are all wrong, at least to some extent, because none of them have any substantial evidence to back themselves or their faith up. “Miracles” happen to Christians just as much as they happen to Muslims, Sikhs, Hindus, Buddhists, Pagans, atheists, etc. If miracles mostly or only happened to Christians, specifically a certain denomination or lack thereof, then you might have something worth listening to, but you don’t. If Jehovah wants me to believe in him, then I would prefer he tell me himself, or else I will be damned to infinite punishment, which is something he supposedly created to punish us for finite mistakes. The mere fact that God created hell is proof that he is not omni-benevolent. The stories of the bible are further proof he is not benevolent in any sense of the word. He flooded the earth and killed men, women, and children. He created Job’s life an almost living hell just to test his faith. He killed every first born of Egypt for no reason other than they were born of a different faith. Your god is an asshole, and even if he were real, I wouldn’t worship him. I would accept that he is real, IF he were real, but I would not worship him, because why would I worship a kid with a magnifying glass standing over an ant hill?
Before I had this studio built, I used a small hostess table from a restaurant tucked into a nook by a kitchen window. That was my studio when the girls were small. Before that, I had no place to do art until I attended a retreat in Barnesville, Ohio, at the Friends Center on spiritual formation and a redbird drew me into the woods. I sat down to draw and journal and decided then and there to send my prayer out into the universe for an art space. A very wise art coach said whatever our dream may be, we should share it and, then, it will happen.
I am a food whore.
It’s a big step, but I know Patrick and I will make it through it.
And as the boat-head wound along
3. Constructive Thinking
With a noise like Drummers Drumming,
Try it. Go ahead. I'm sure you deserve it.
The lives of celebrities are under a microscope. The public cannot get enough of them. Fans sometimes do not know when to leave them alone. Society has taught us to worship these people and as a result, we expect them to always be nice, giving and live up to the pedestals we put them on. If they have a bad day, forget to sign an autograph or walk out of the house with a shirt that does not settle with fans or others, they are sure to see it plastered all over the internet and be one of the top searches in a search engine. I live in Los Angeles and I have seen the paparazzi chase these people with cameras and cars. There is no privacy in their lives and that life, liberty and pursuit of happiness goes out the window. The public believes that since they are who they are, they must share every aspect of their lives with the rest of us. In other words, we expect them to live as they do because of who they are.
We've been living in Baltimore for a year now and have yet to find Mexican food that we're really crazy about (or Chinese, for that matter). One of the restaurants that I had high hopes for was Mari Luna Mexican Grill.
Linda Howard has a gift of storytelling like so many accomplished writers but through this book it was full of grit. There was no happy plot, it was adventure, mystery and betrayal, all things that make a fascinating thriller.
Where red-faced bakers, on night-shift, labor.
xACT used to create FFP
Since the end of apartheid, many Afrikaners have fallen on hard times. On the edge of some towns, squatter camps of homeless Afrikaners spread like Okie camps in 1930’s California. To help poor Boer, retired businessman Willie Venter started VolksHulp 2000, a charity organization whose objective is vaguely similar to that of the Salvation Army. It's one of the many social, political and labor organizations sprouting up in recent years to further the Boer agenda.
Okay I know, I am having way to much fun with Christian... by I just love him... been playing with all my new digi stamps... have another one ALMOST ready to post for you..
Step 1: I got a kick in the rear to begin this new project when someone offered a cloth diaper pail on freecycle. Having given my pail away a while ago, I thought I needed it for my bathroom again. So even though it had been days since the offer was posted, I emailed and got it. Score!
I had a meeting recently which caused some butterflies. I shot an email over to my EL who assured me every thing would work out, reminded me to keep an open mind and perspective. 100% supportive. I don’t even think he gave it a second thought about how to respond. He’s a nurturing person who empowers people in his life and gives them the freedom to achieve what ever goals they aim for. He believed in me and my abilities. When I announced success, it was congratulating me on what I accomplished. I think I could bask in his aura. It’s the first time I’ve experienced so much unconditional support.
308. The complete text of the Buddha’s Fire Sermon (which corresponds in
14. "Autumn Leaves"
So with my friend's permission and approval, I'd like to announce this project that I am excited about. "One Fine Blessing" This is a project blessing not only senior citizens in our lives, but I can tell you from experience, you will be blessed as well.
1 cup granulated sugar
"Funny how time passes... you forget the little things
"Oh, you can't help that," said the Cat: "we're all mad here. I'm mad. You're mad."
The caller asks Palin if Joe the Plumber is her husband and adds: "We have the equivalent of Joe the Plumber in France. It's called Marcel, the guy with bread under his armpit."
The expectation for many will be a shad kill, which may or may not happen. For it to do so there needs to be a combination of low 40s temperatures in the lakes for a good period of time, shad close to the dam and a high water generation release. This past February we saw zero generations for a few weeks and very cold climate, few anglers were fishing the opening days at the dam.
In Creative Meditation and Multi-Dimensional Consciousness, Lama Anagarika Govinda says:
And Mr Odysseus Grey….is a visitor cat who visits our home on a daily basis. I have no idea where is his real home but then looking at things, he is looking for a permanent resident pass. He has been checking out the house – top bottom – sniffing at the tv rack, tracking slowly to the hallway upstairs, making himself comfortable by sleeping in the kitchen, and having meals from the kitty bowl, just like a resident cat.
1 rapidly
(4) centralization in the name of control and coordination (executive decision-making); and
I still can’t sleep in spite of my good deed and when it’s time to get up, I’m like a dishrag. Limping to the window, I draw the blinds and there’s no sign of Jenny. She must’ve found refuge somewhere. When I get downstairs, there’s a parcel on the back porch. I peel back the brown paper and there’s my robe all fluffy and warm from the tumble dryer. There was no need to wash and return it so promptly. I find an envelope nestling by the collar and inside there’s a thank you note from Jenny. She’s signed her name in loopy handwriting and at the bottom, there’s a smiley face. Only this smiley face has a black eye. I wonder if it’s a coded message for help and I think about Jenny trapped in Herman’s executive home like a modern day Cinderella but without a prince in sight. I look again at the smiley face and decide it’s not a black eye just a blot from the ballpoint pen.
If I love Him, He will love me, if I seek Him early I will find Him and if I seek Him diligently He will reward me. James 4 v 8 says if I draw near to GOD, God will draw near to me.
the Roman Empire with the fall of Jerusalem and the destruction of the Temple in 70 A.D.
4 tsp yellow mustard seeds
Face done, the night time routine enters the phase I shall call the ‘Probably Shouldn’t Make This Public But I’m Going To Anyway’ phase. It’s the part that keeps the sexual chemistry between Paul and I neatly ticking over, and the part that reminds him just how lucky he is to have me…
PS... 10-day forecast for March 20 is up... 40% chance of rain. PRAY!! ANTI-RAIN DANCES PLEASE!
Little Muslims (3 years and older) who are fascinated with all things mechanical may find this book a pleasure to read over and over again. Even those who are not yet reading may enjoy this book. The numerous tabs, once lifted or pulled, reveal the inner workings of a tractor and the factory where it is built. The pop up features of the book may entice children under three years old to take a peek and with mother or father assisting, they too can enjoy the delightful mechanical world within the pages of Tractor Factory. And children may find the last page irresistible.
West Sussex:
Al told me how to skillfully avoid Dummies. I'll share these skills with you, though you may be a Dummy yourself.
The little boy who would lose his beloved father at age 10..........
While the soup was cooking I made up the biscuits. OMG were they delicious!! I had one with my breakfast this morning with a little butter and honey. Wow! It was like a scone. And really, isn't a scone just a fancied up word for biscuit?? =)
I did it the easy way though.
I didn’t have to worry about figuring out point totals on the go, going out to eat or worrying if my friends or co-workers would judge my sudden change in eating habits.
How I wish PhilHealth offers prescription drug coverage, too. This will be helpful to PhilHealth members like me whose parents are on maintenance medications. Both my parents are taking maintenance drugs for high blood pressure. My mother also takes maintenance drugs for diabetes. Their medications are classified as prescription drugs, and because they’re not taking one but a number of different tablets a day, they’re spending a lot for their maintenance medications.
Nobody beat us
What was her life like? How did she end up as a specimen to be studied? It makes me wish her ghost would visit so we could share a cup of tea while sitting on dusty carriage trunks – the air redolent with the smell of coal, aging fabric and faint rose water. Like the boxes and photos and lace, I know that it is time for her to leave.
That year, I drank constantly. I had lost my kids to their father because of my drinking, and the pain of that was unbearable. I was living alone in a strange house, having lost my house, and I was so cold all of the time. Her, me, us, lost a baby at 9 weeks while I had been sober for 6 months, and after, we fell apart. In some ways I wonder now if she was trying to save me from the man I was involved with at the time, who would years later become my sociopath husband. I know now she was seeing what I did not want to see. I have flashbacks every day from that time.
I knocked them people down
The opposite of Victorian and tribal to me was futurism- pale colours, minimal pattern and geometric shapes. Feeling it was worth a try, I started exploring with the supplies I had- most of which were Edwardian, art deco and 1960s. That night when my housemates and I were discussing our dinnertime viewing intentions said 'I want to watch something set in the future' My friends (being the faithful trekkies they are) handed me Star Trek:TNG. I'd seen in often before but it seemed time to delve in properly, so I did my usual 'watch all the seasons in one day!' routine and within a week my mind was flooded with alien landscapes, crystal-powered machines, emerging galactic cultures and a serious amount of shiny fabric.
But Saturday I did just that. I smoked my goal I set at the beginning of the year, to finish a 5k in under 27 minutes. Honestly two months ago that sounded almost out of reach for me. But the more I run and the more I train, the more I surprise myself with what I can do.
Janet: whose father lost his job and turned into an alcoholic.
What’s Up, Ninjas?
Makes me happy: Lemons, green tea, friends, mom.
The Moxie Fab challenge is to use dies in an innovative way. To me that means making something that comes out of the cutter flat into something that has height and/or texture, so here goes:
hardly any cards by this late date
May the land yield rich interest, crops of wheat
I started this blog nearly five years ago, when I left my last proper job, mainly to satisfy my enjoyment of writing. I also thought that there might be interesting things to report about academia and the undergraduate study of dietetics. I had no idea how long it would last, and whether I would continue to enjoy writing, or how much it would be appreciated by those people who matter to me.
Clearly the Crown Office has not identified the parties involved, and no action has yet been taken regarding them, so it is appropriate to speculate as to whom, in and in relation to what, the police will be examining.
My Strange Addiction on TLC: Girl who can't stop drinking GASOLINE
“attempts to structure it like a human memory. Memories are not recalled in neat chronological order; instead, they are recalled by the association of one thing with another, which means that any attempt to put memory on film cannot be told like a conventional narrative. The film is thus made up of a series of related sequences whose scenes are interspersed between each other”
I am going to be on television channel HSE24 in Germany on Tuesday evening launching the Flower Patch Collection - I shall be on at 8pm till 11pm (German time). I'm very excited to be doing this although slightly anxious about the language barrier - time I brushed up on my German! Ha
Now to be fair there's nothing whatsoever in the way of decent cuisine going on in Nevada...or if there is it's guarded more closely than the secret of the Wu Tang clan. No, there isn't, you folks who are saying what about those fancy restaurants in the big name casinos. It all comes off the same truck. It's all food service. It doesn't make that much difference who is back there setting it on fire when what they're starting out with is identically sourced and identically average.
They yell that life has room.
American businessman Irvin Naylor is bidding to join a select band of owners that includes Betty Moran, Florence Ambrose Clark and Marion duPont Scott who have tasted glory in both the American Grand National and the John Smith’s Grand National. Naylor saw his colours carried to success in the US Grade One Grand National Hurdle at Fair Hills in October by Black Jack Blues, who was formerly trained in Britain by Rebecca Curtis. Naylor, who hails from York, Pennsylvania, attended the McDonogh School in Maryland and was the state champion at wrestling. He studied industrial engineering and gained an MBA from the University of Miami before founding several successful companies including Snow Time Inc, the operator of Pennsylvania ski resorts Whitetail, Roundtop and Liberty. For 48 years, Naylor served as a directors of the York Water Company, becoming chairman in 1993. A keen rider since his schooldays, Naylor was a leading jockey over jumps in America and he became the oldest winner to date of a National Steeplechase Association-sanctioned event when winning the Benjamin Murray Memorial on Emerald Action in 1996 at the age of 60. Naylor suffered a spinal cord injury, which caused him to be paralysed, falling from the same horse in the Grand National Timber Steeplechase Stakes at Butler, Maryland, in April, 1999. He is currently an advocate for stem cell research to aid discovering a cure for paralysis. He has been a trustee of the McDonogh School and a board member of the National Aquarium in Baltimore, the American Institute of Industrial Engineers, and the Pennsylvania National Horse Show. Naylor has twice won the Maryland Hunt Cup with Make Me A Champ (2005) and Askin (2008) and he was leading American jump owner for the first time in 2010, with total prize money of US$329,300. He has also been a long-time owner in Britain (although with rather more modest success), having had horses in training with Oliver Sherwood, Richard Phillips, Venetia Williams, Tim Brown, Chris Bealby and Rebecca Curtis. He sent his US trainer Tom Foley to Doncaster Sales in May, 2011, with instructions to buy a John Smith’s Grand National contender and the result was Alfa Beat.
I made chilled somen for myself, topped with kanimi and eaten dipped in sesame dressing. I've included recipe for the sesame dressing below, it is really fast and easy to make, and goes well with chilled ramen, soba and udon too. :)
It is just a little short for the table, but I don't care.
"There are all kinds of studies out there," he said. "There is more than enough information to make any case you want to make. There may be a preponderance of evidence and there are communities that decide something is a fact, but there are enough facts that people who are opposed to that claim have their own facts to rely on."
First of all, Jack is finally toothless! I love toothless kids. In this case though, his teeth never got loose. I had to take him to the dentist to get them pulled because the ones behind were growing in. I hope that doesn't happen with all his teeth. But you can't beat a toothless smile: (or almost toothless since those adult ones are already growing in)
For the record, I don't suspect that there's bad intent behind Best Solution Author Agency. As with so many amateur agencies, its owners are probably sincere. Problem is, they just don't have the knowledge or the expertise. In a completely unregulated, unlicensed industry, where there's absolutely nothing preventing a totally unskilled person from advertising him- or herself as a literary agent, scams aren't the only thing you need to watch out for.
It is different now that I have my own Family.
The one situation, however, that has been burned into my memory, and I don’t think will be leaving for a long time is a woman and her 2 young children. I had an empty bottle with me and she approached me and asked if she could take it to get money. It was obvious to me that they probably didn’t have a home at all and spent their days wandering the riverfront getting whatever money possible by begging or collecting cans. It was a familiar scene- I’d already experienced many beggars. I gave up my bottle happily and expected her to ask for money which I’d been prepared to give her, my purse littered with Riel. What came out of her mouth next is what shocked me.
Some useful tips for first-time CSA-ers:
Are you kidding me? Who started this? How bored do you have to be? I recall my mother saying “if someone told you to jump off the Braga Bridge, would you do it?” I feel like the cinnamon challenge question falls into this category of rhetorical questions that can be universally answered with a “NO”.
"Star burning cold do me a favour!"
“Yes you are ‘there are a lot of other husbands who have done worse’ is the very definition of comparing.”
'I thought you'd be pleased,' she half lied. She actually hadn't thought at all, and if she had, she probably could have predicted his reaction. But since he was comfortably on his Inuk island, she'd retreat to hers, equipped with righteous indignation and warmed by moral certitude. She threw great logs of 'I'm right, you're an unfeeling bastard' onto the fire and felt secure and comforted.” One thing I didn't fully appreciate the first time was the beauty of Penny's writing. She is a literary genius without seeming to be. Patrick Anderson of the Washington Post said, "Penny is a writer blessed with considerable sophistication and literary skill." He described her 6th book as a fascinating hybrid: a cozy that at best reads like good literary fiction. I totally agree. I especially like how she examines meaning of an object or a simple term like 'still life.' In the book there is a piece of art that is a 'still life'. Myrna, the bookstore owner and former psychiatrist, described a personality trait - the people who lead "still" lives. The ones who aren't growing or evolving, who are standing still. Penny presents the title, in this case an object in another book, and throws light on different meanings or connotations of the term or object or situation.
Student : Have you ever observed evolution with your own eyes, sir?
“The boss says you can come in,” said the man nodding his head toward the room.
The initial week was amazing. I felt so different and I lost 5 pounds in less than a week. The following weeks I averaged a couple of pounds a week. I was a steady process. I was not looking for instant results. I was looking for a lifestyle change, and I got one.
There is an anti word verification campaign on the go at the moment & have to say that I'm right behind it especially as I love to blog hop. Also, as I take part in challenges & love to visit other bloggers that have taken part. Sometimes there will be up to 60 blogs a day, now that is an aweful lot when the word verification slows me down!
* lol…”Rat Race”- dress like mice
and condense the time i spend here.
The police have taken a hands-off approach towards the latest rally with DBKL taking the lead role as it runs the square. The city authorities have just evicted a group of activists calling themselves Occupy Dataran this week, two weeks after they set up a daily camp there.
Series: Happy Harmonies
The inventor of the American Novel, with Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn, and one of the all-time greatest novelists, humorists, essayists, critics and all-around authors. Like Tolstoy, he had 10 chances to win, and ten times was passed over, in favor of the following eleven authors:
my brain.
Chhepu is the central character in a legend about the creation of the valley in which the ancient city of Kathmandu stands. In that legend, one of a number that can be traced back to the 4th or 5th century AD, Chhepu lived first in the muddy bottom of the lake which filled the valley. And then, when the lake had emptied through a gap made in the surrounding hills by an inquisitive giant, deep under the valley’s floor.
Right about know, I would usually talk about the character. Did I say talk? Well, I mean moan. Anyway, I am now going to talk about the book in general, for I have this illusion that the normal three paragraphs isn't quite enough to express my fangirly love of this book. Please expect an over adundance of caps lock and excalmation marks. Though a little slow at first, Nomansland turned out the perfect read for the mood I was in at the time I read it. It has a fantastic plot, a pretty cover and characters that didn't annoy me to much. By the end, they had all grown on me. The concept is one enjoyed (did I mention that already? Fiddlesticks, I am running out of material to yap on about!) - because who does not enjoy strong female characters that I shall be inserting my opinion where it was not wanted down below. In the next paragraph adventure and such with entrail! (Yes, I am just kidding. The only adventure you will go on with me is to my book shelf.)
Buttercrunch Lettuce 4.26.12
Jobseekers I've interviewed have told me about the 'presents' they've given, that they couldn't afford, to hope to get their CV before the gatekeeper to the employer. It's documented that the going rate for a place in the armed forces during the last recruitment exercise was 50,000 KSh, a month and a half's wages in a very well paid job - say as a bank cashier - three months' wages for your average teacher. But it varies wildly by sector and applicant's skills level, and my clients are getting jobs on their own merits, with never a mention of a 'small present'.
I would have to say that it was for older teens though as there was some sexual talk, so I would recommend this book for 15 year olds, definitely no one younger than that.
Overall, the dinner was great. I’m not going to give it a star rating since it’s more of a “one of a kind” event (though I hope there will be more such dinners in the future!). It certainly competes with the meals I’ve had at some of the top restaurants in the city. My one critique is that the main courses all had a rich/creamy/buttery profile and in the end, the dinner came off as a bit heavy. I would have liked a little more contrast between the courses, even though each individual course was very good on its own (and if it had been the only such course, this wouldn’t be a point I’d be raising).
I did my best to keep fighting the medical companies that continued filing to the wrong insurance, making call after to call to have them re-bill and re-submit. Though I was already on another plan and continued telling them, they would file to the other plan that kept paying because someone in the government office had not terminated the insurance - and also, I'm sure, because it (the federal insurance plan) paid better. Still, I kept calling and fighting the frustrating fight.
And grow at will
Devoting one’s time and energy to an investigation of the source of thoughts and conditioning isn’t a mistake unless it interferes with other natural commitments to family, health, finances and employment. But if you don’t need to work, if you have no family ties, need very little money, and aren’t overly concerned about your health, why not spend as much time as you can reading nonduality books, going to retreats and satsangs, and immersing yourself in the culture? You gotta do something in this life and if that’s your overriding interest, go for it.
So make sure to thank people while hugging them and they will probably give you a dazed stare.
After this introduction, the full force of the method it brought to bear. It comes across as powerful indeed -- traditional good cop/bad cop routine creates an irony whereby the subject believes he has a choice. Scorcese does away with the facade, presenting a situation where the subject is faced with no choice at all.
If it was just a sporadic breach of discipline at one or several scattered spots, why the continued hounding of protesters until way past 7pm?
So, what are we waiting for?!
Part of what distinguishes The Office from other shows is the details. The Office isn’t afraid to keep in all the awkward silences and subtle expressions after Michael’s tasteless jokes that make the audience uncomfortable while somehow also laughing.
Jingle Out.
I saw a production of Woyzeck this weekend and I loved it too much. I wrote about it. You can read my review.
Philippine tarsier
Rogue face embellishment is NOT a tattoo, it comes as a left and right linked prim. The gorgeous blossoms are the perfect face accessory for all your Spring formal events or modeling gigs, or when you want that bit of extra WOW, so stop by today or tomorrow before 60L Weekend is over and you missed out!
On my way out the door, Katie suddenly ran to me and said "Wait! Don't go!"
IV. Baths and Bed (how not to flood the bathroom)
reflective in ebony pools;
3. It's Parent's Evening for my eldest son tonight.
I want to thank Scott and Lisa (my kids dad & step-mom) for being so incredibly understanding. They have always been so willing to help with the kids, the dog, the house. I have been able to have comfort knowing they are so supportive. Thank you to Dylan's mom for keeing in a few extra days, and for bringing Dylan to the hospital today to see his dad.
The following scene has been “modified” from the original version of George Lucas’s classic tale of freedom vs. tyranny. But you can still see how Obama is pulling a play right out of Lucas’s film that dates back to 1977. Or is he?
For example, E, one of the girls who doesn’t blog here, is in a very serious relationship that’s only a month old. And I admit, her Master is incredibly attractive, both physically and personality-wise. But he’s monogamous, so we’ve established that no one else is allowed to even try to be involved with him, especially not under the guise of being E.
ATTORNEY: You do?
“There’s a variety of factors that contribute to the earth warming and cooling, and to me this is an opportunity for the left to create — it’s a beautifully concocted scheme because they know that the earth is gonna cool and warm.”
is anyone's guess
Isabeau-Dakota Corp:
We had a death in the Sisterhood two weeks ago. It shook me. It’s actually still shaking me. Other than being in shock still, I am trying to figure out how I feel about it. Not that the universe or God or the Powers that Be are concerned with my take on it all but, for me, I am processing. Trying to put into perspective how it is that a healthy 44 year old friend of mine from earliest childhood can be facebooking me on April 1st and be gone by mid month.
14 I'll Fly Away 3:37
knick knacks and . . . . . . JUNK!
2. In the meantime,heat butter and olive oil in a saute pan. Add garlic and green onions. Saute until the aroma fills the air.
His son is no better.
1. credit her for her good work
I don't think Lake was a necessarily good actress, but the times that I've seen her, she's been adequate. She just never seems to put in that extra effort and make me relate to her, and I think she mostly depends on her charisma - which does have a strange attraction - to carry her through her movies. Oddly, I think her character in This Gun for Hire was the only one that wasn't stabbed in the back by Maltz and Burnett. While she didn't get as much conflict or development as I would have liked, she was consistently smart and relatable. Well... okay, I'll admit that I'm ignoring her final line at the very end of the movie. That just seemed to out of place.
1.) Hire A Personal Trainer It is true that personal trainers can be expensive… but if you have the money it is more than worth your time. Personal trainers can help keep you on the right track… and they also know how to help you target your problem areas.
Me: You're right. It shouldn't matter to you as long as you enjoy what you're doing. That's really great.
Reveka’s father falls for one of the princesses and I didn’t really believe it. We’re not exactly guided to hate her father, but we aren’t given a whole lot of reasons to like him either. So when it’s revealed that he and one of the princesses have feelings for each other, I just didn’t care. Nor did it seem to really add a whole lot to the story overall.
1 destroying
My husband has been amazing during this pregnancy. If you could see our house you’d see that the floor is covered in dog hair, the bathroom needs to be cleaned and that laundry desperately needs to be done. There are dishes in the sink but it’s not overwhelming because that’s the one thing I’ve been trying to keep up with. The Man sees all of this and says nothing. Nothing except “Sit, relax!” and “Don’t do anything!” He not complaining or nagging me to clean the house. He doesn’t complain when I have no idea what’s for dinner or don’t feel like cooking. He’s run out for eggs so I could make the Chocolate Lava Cake when I realized the ones we had were bad. The Man has been going to birthing class and is supportive of my desire for an unmedicated childbirth. He’s let me cry and has just held me. He loves feeling munchkin move and we often fall asleep with one of his hands on my belly. He talks to her and is already an amazing dad. The Man doesn’t complain when I turn down the heat or turn on the ceiling fan when I’m hot or when I get up for what feels like the 10th time at night to go to the bathroom. I know I’ve been hormonal and not easy to live with but he just rolls with it. He tells me I’m beautiful, with stretch marks, a big belly, hormones and everything else.
With that deep mystical soul synergy pumping steady
Xypherous: She’s far too weak, now! And Teemo is far too strong.
As its Fathers Day in June I thought I would make my Dads fathers day card, I am sixty next year but I am still dads little girl, and as I thought this Mo Manning image was cute, I decided to use this one, for this years card.
“They didn’t think he was going to make it and warned us to prepare for the worst.”
I made an A6 card from a aheet of A4 folded in half. I then stamped the flower, a really old Anita's stamp, then filled in the scribbled petals in lots of small patterns with a fine liner pen. Finished with a Penny Black 'Happy Birthday' stamp.
1. Just because someone isn’t greatly over- or underweight, that doesn’t mean they can’t be distressed about their weight. It frustrates me to no end when I see very overweight people who say normal or slightly overweight people shouldn’t complain about not being able to fit in their favorite pants and so forth. It also frustrates me to no end to hear very underweight people say that normal to slightly underweight people shouldn’t complain about the effects of being underweight. A person’s distress cannot be measured in pounds.
Oh, fear to call it loving!
Run 200 meters (out and back)
With a gentle tug, the name tape pulled free of Xu Guan’s uniform jacket. Xu Guan stood and gathered himself for a sprint to the maintenance shed. The name tape fluttered in the breeze and then fell to join the carpet of leaves on the floor of the woods. Xu Guan’s mind was elsewhere as he raced for the door of the concrete block structure. The door was locked!
The chat: Today’s ride provided that unusual combination : intermittent terror interspersed with mind-numbing boredom. Luckily we had expected this in advance – in fairness, the ride between Vietnam’s capital city and it’s third biggest city along a quadruple carriageway was never going to be a particularly peaceful or scenic. Our expectations were confirmed with 100km or so of highway down which screeched coaches and lorries with horns so loud they would have been banned in the UK. It was a nerve jangling experience, made more so by the hordes of motorcyclists weaving in between these large vehicles and the incredibly slow overladen wooden carts pulled by cows or humans who would sometimes weave into a different lane for no apparent reason.
“Woe to those who call evil good, and good evil; Who substitute darkness for light and light for darkness; Who substitute bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter!”
One of the things I needed to accomplish before I went on this trip is make Gluten-Free Cupcakes. One of my fiance’s nieces is allergic to gluten, but her sister really wants to be a baker… and since I love baking, I decided it would be awesome to bake cupcakes with her. Well, I don’t want to bake cupcakes that make one girl feel left out because that’s not fair. So my mission was to come up with a gluten-free cupcake recipe and make it so it didn’t taste too bad. Unfortunately, it does not taste like my normal cupcakes but on the other hand it still tastes pretty awesome (I didn’t eat more than a bite. Honest! I had to at least try it… and my fiance tried some too). Also, I decided to kill two birds with one stone and use these gluten-free cupcakes as practice for a baby shower I will be doing as soon as I get back from vacation. The mom-to-be wants Sesame Street Cupcakes, and who can blame her? They are absolutely adorable! The only problem is… I never really got big into decorating. I have always been about the flavor so I definitely wanted to practice before hand instead of coming back from vacation and then launching into a project and finding out I am way over my head. Turns out, they are REALLY fun to make!
How do predators solve problems? Let’s use the example of the lion. When he’s out there stalking his prey, what does he do when the moment comes to “go for it?” He heads in as straight a line as possible toward his potential meal. The fewer strides he has to take, the more likely he is to eat that day. He’s counting on success looking like the first picture.
Seems like I might have put my body into starvation mode, which doesn't allow you to burn the excess fat stores. Oh my, our bodies are wonderful in its ability to persevere through tough times. Anyway, in about 10 days or so, I will know if I am on the right track or not. So starting today I have to consume 2100 calories a day. Hopefully, with the activity level that I achieve each day, I will burn about 500-600 or so calories each day which should give me approx. a 1-1 1/2# weight loss each week.
In my new job, I get to write from my living room. I don't have a commute. I don't have other people annoying me with their quirky habits and strange bodily noises. I have ample time to exercise every morning and I can take a little longer getting ready if I want—all I need to do is set my laptop on the bathroom sink and it's like I'm right there in the office. If Mr. W sends me an IM asking me to put his laundry in the dryer or go find a bank statement for him, I can do it in a flash. I can sit next to my open sliding glass door and listen to the neighbor practicing piano. I can make myself smoothies after lunch. I can sing a song to my cat (although I probably would have done that at Yahoo! too). I can run to get my hair cut in the middle of the day. I can burp loudly whilst drinking my morning Dr. Pepper.
What about you? What helps you get through moments of self-doubt?
eat them or
2 Tablespoons soy sauce
Today my object of scorn is my new favorite thing to watch and yell at the TV over: HGTV's Canadian import Love It or List It.
OTHERS SITES THAT HAVE FEATURED THE BILLBOARD:
The Paleo plan is going well! I have lost another 5 pounds and I’m fitting into things that didn’t fit BEFORE I was pregnant! woo-hoo!
I rushed to the dining table, ready to grab a plate. I was afraid that my saliva would soon start dripping if I resisted further. Dinner started and I filled my plate till food literally started falling from it.Then I rushed to a corner to eat in complete peace.
I asked the seller if I could pay her but pick up the machine sometime later. She said sure, she needed the money.
As the waters rushed in
Yes I guess everyone fits into a pet category. What am I? Well, I am covered in dog hair; I have a pooper-scooper in my right hand and my checkbook in my left. When I walk into Petsmart they greet me by name as I grab some fish food and pick the birdseed out of my hair. So…. you be the judge.
from a location that was not far away.
After an Ultrasound of my thyroid showed a multi-nodule goiter, I then had to go and have a lot of thyroid studies in the form of blood work done.
Whenever I go missing, it's probably a safe bet that I could be found digging in a cabinet, drawer or closet, paring things down, rearranging and spinning my gears. Always looking at each and every space, wondering what could be done to to beautify and simplify that zone. I can't stop. Really. It's the most fantastic addiction. Well, until I am lying in bed trying to fall asleep and all I can think about is what piece of decorative paper I am going to use on that next innocent soup can....
_____I've got my phone sitting on my lap set to 'vibrate' in case you're wondering why I'm not answering calls right now...... But by all means KEEP CALLING.... thanks;)
Dionne Marie Smith
To make the scalloped piece: Punch out a 1-3/8 circle on your cardstock. Punch out a 2-3/8 scalloped circcle around the punched out circle to get your scalloped frame. Place glue on your piece and attach over the window sheet. The window is fiddly, but fun!
Will definitely be going back when I'm less exhausted ;-)
Saturday was the longest twenty -four hours in history.
"Night in the forest is very dark, and it creeps away slowly."
“Ye’uh that’l be Ok wit me.” Hank knew Billy Ray knew the real reason for the plan. As long as they had known each other, they both had tried to walk the line of “place” without talking about it. He knew someday it would have to be an issue to settle but today didn’t seem like the time to tackle it. They rode in silence for several miles. Louisiana roads seemed lonelier than the ones back home. The rear mud grip tires sang a dirge as the old pickup kept a steady pace south.
I don’t hate it, but I’m not crazy about it. Yes, she did in fact, recycled some ideas which made the book predictable, from the expected protagonist, to the love story, oh don’t get me started with the love story! I really don’t like love triangles! Triangle is not a friendly shape. It’s pointy. It hurts people’s feelings! Although, I have to admit, I think it is an improved version of Jace-Clary-Simon love triangle. I’m not sure all would agree with me, but I never sided with Simon. I know Cassandra Clare‘s baby is Simon, but I just never see him as an option. Now, Jem is the total opposite. I think some girls would totally pick him over Will, not that I’m one of those. And Jem, yes, I said he’s an option, but I don’t like him. I don’t like him at all. He doesn’t have a flaw! He’s perfect! He’s perfect, with his perfect little zen master lines and all! I hate it. Absolutely hate it. Why doesn’t he have a flaw?
Thanks so much for stopping by! Have a great night!
Unlike many of the witnesses in the case, Mr Wight was far from a household name, and reports of his testimony concentrated on his dealings with a Fiona McGuire and his denials that this was a sexual relationship (see Here ) However looking back at his testimony we can see he was specifically asked about possible involvement in illegal activities and his relationship with Greg Miskiw who is emerging as a key player in the unfolding News of the World “Hackgate” scandal.
“Ahm getting’ a STRONG whiff of...” in his pause I quickly thought, oil burning? “...Alkeehawl. Has anyone been drinkin’ recently?” The three adult occupants chimed in cheerfully incredulous unison in the negative. My mischievous brain devised a playful scenario in my head that was thankfully not forwarded to my mouth.
No mountain, no valley, no gain or loss we know
In 1997, Muse Magazine (The Smithsonian Institute's young adult magazine) published an article, "Star Wars: It's Just Another Myth" by Mary Henderson (now a book Star Wars: The Magic of Myth). In the article, Henderson condensed and delineated Campbell's steps while illustrating how Star Wars, the King Arthur story, the story of Perseus, and Tolkien's Bilbo Baggins from The Hobbit all follow Campbell's steps. The article provides a wonderful template for young readers and writers to follow when evaluating and creating their own quests and adventures.
I find it amazing that life moves as fast as it does! Somebody once said that if a man thinks the same at the age of 50 as he did at the age of 20, then he has wasted 30 years of his life. Although I do have some friends or should I say associates who still do the same thing that we used to 30 years ago, I have learned to embrace and enjoy life! It’s just too short to not enjoy the beauty of living! Given the choices that we face on a daily basis; either wake up and live or not! I’m gonna embrace the waking up part every single day for the rest of my life. Thats my story and I’m sticking too it! Have a great Tuesday people, try enjoying your day, and whatever you do, don’t forget to LAUGH IT UP! Peace I am outta here, Eucman!
Donne-moi de l'argent !
James was 25 years older than his wife and had been scarred by smallpox. Mary allegedly burst into tears when she first saw him on November 23, 1673, the day of their second marriage ceremony, but they eventually warmed to each other, and she set about winning over his two young daughters from his first marriage to Anne Hyde.
As promised, I have some pictures of some of the pretties I found while out "junkin". OK, I wish I could say I got these at junk prices, but truthfully, most everything is from antique malls and shows, so no real bargains to be had, but it is fun stuff anyway.
This should be an accurate rough draft of your final submission so it’ll be easier to start drawing next week. You won’t have to worry about the dialogue and layout and you’ll just be able to concentrate on drawing.
We’re told that God just was, but surely he must have been created somehow, heaven and hell would have been created too and so somehow this doesn’t seem like the complete picture. But on the other hand, from the way I’ve heard people describe it, the Big Bang is basically a case of there was nothing and then it exploded. But nothing can’t explode and become something because in order to explode there has to be something there so it must have been created before then. So the question is, how was it created? By God? Who surely must have been created in some way shape or form by something? So technically then the world isn’t real and it’s all just a dream. Of who? The God which mysteriously exists with no clues as to how he began? So technically then we shouldn’t exist.
first one is mine
LEGOLAND:
It's important that you don't just focus on the wedding day itself after you're engaged. Remember that after the wedding you are married to this person for better or worse till death do you part - or if you decide to divorce, which we don't hope for when we decide to marry someone, right?
John rolls his eyes. "That's me, mom. I set up an accountancy firm. John Williams and Associates."
Yesterday we had lunch at a 'breakfast all day' diner. It was a delightful retro diner with artwork that made us smile and music that had us bouncing in our seats. The food was delicious!
family history
Thanks, Mr Foxman, the truth will set you free!
This next one will illustrate that gullibility exists world-wide. On April 1, 1995, The Irish Times reported that Disney Corporation was in negotiation with the Russian Government to purchase the embalmed body of Vladimir Ilyich Lenin, which had laid in state and on display inside a mausoleum in Red Square. The Times reported that Disney proposed moving the body and the mausoleum to Disney Euro, where it would get the “full Disney treatment, including displaying the body under stroboscopic lights which would help tone up that dead pallor, while audiences would be treated to excerpts from President Ronald Reagan’s famous “Evil Empire” speech.
Once my fructosamine test results come back, I’ll let you guys know where I fell. Keep your fingers crossed for me!
Me!
I love a bit of science. Nothing like hearing 'hi-tech- to get my attention, especially when it comes to beauty products. Speaking of which, Bourjois has launched a new lip tint which claims to deposit an undetectable veil of 'liquid lip colour'. Perfect for summer (if we ever get one!) and for those who prefer a natural non-shine finish. Its water-based formula also means it is instantly absorbed with no funny residue but rather a delicate scent of orange blossom notes. Sounds less like science and more like an excuse for snogging. Yum...
If travel teaches us nothing else, it reminds us that Heraclitus was right, and that you never can step in the same river twice. For the Catholic whose heart has stopped – as mine did – in the breathlessness of gazing at the church that is home for all Roman Catholics – St. Peter’s Basilica – my faith was never the same again – and not because of some ephemeral hazy sentiment, but because I had a chance to glimpse in this world, the things that St. Paul has promised us that “eye has not seen, nor ear heard, what God has prepared for those who love Him.”
Very good beer. Hope the consistency and QC is improved, and I'll come back to it more often.
Hasn't she made a smashing job?
That is what is so mystifying about the North Korean paranoia about GPS positioning. You can bring a computer into the country; you can bring a WiFi-enabled Kindle into the country; but you cannot bring in mobile phones or tablets, because they have GPS positioning. They have not yet twigged that the more modern digital cameras have GPS. They are obsessed with the danger of people with GPS-enabled devices.
My husband is a beef/bacon man. He loves his beef. I have switched him over to ground turkey for most of our meals, which is the healthier choice. However, all these meats have something in common when you cook with them. They leave grease. Our original solution was to use plastic cups. Which isn't a horrible idea, until they melt with the hot grease and it creates a horrid mess. Not to mention it is wasteful. I decided that there had to be an easier solution. I took an old coffee can, and commandeered it to use as a grease container. The best part? It can sit in plain sight on my counter for easy access, or under my sink and no one is the wiser. Take a quick look:
Arabic coffee is brewing next to the lentils
“Putting a roof on! Wanna help?” we yelled. We got one guy to carry a bucket of nails up the ladder for us. We always have a giggle about that story, and wonder why they never came back to visit again.
Rodney: 3.2
I decided that THIS is what I wanted to do. Megan inspired me. And I started looking at fabric on fabric.com. Have you ever been to that site? It's freakishly overwhelming. And I thought it was tough to pick out something at Joann's. Ha!
There are many what if stories out there, and they all manages to bring something new. And this was new and fun (and sad) to read.
Bitburger Brauerei Bitburger Premium Pils
Martial arts robots, cars made out of human limbs, and sword-sprouting breasts aren't going to win these men Oscars... but try as I might, I can't think of anything else I'd rather watch, support, or be a part of.
For the Triple Crown.
If you don’t like it you can get on with it, I said.
Needless s to say she didn’t think it warranted as much attention as I did. Even though I explained to her that it was “Just like Pavlov’s dog, but with boners.” I received the familiar eye roll and “My God Jr.” Some things a woman just doesn’t tend to appreciate as much as we do. How’s that for immature?
09. Lovin´ Every Minute Of It
What this involved study showed me was that we are not limited, at all, by what to use to create. Even though I like the richness of the blacks that other colors make, I also am intrigued with the somber scenes created in black and white.
Yes, it is a liberal, left-leaning organization that probably disagrees with 90% of Daniels' conservative policies. Yes, it has been a staunch critic of many of the state of Israel's policies. It is political in nature, not theological. It does not promote jihad, it does not call for the eradication of Israel. It does call for a two-state solution, one that Israel is willing to accept but the Palestinians have not yet signed onto, due the growing influence of radical jihadist organizations like Hamas.
Scholastic NZ - RRP $19.50
Again, Canberra sources tell me that just last month Tamil spokespersons had told the National Security Research Centre that they would mount a protest if the Centre did not invite Gordon Weiss to be a speaker at a conference entitled “Safeguarding Australia.”
“From the time I took over as ANC chairman in the province I have matured everyday like wine,” Mabuza said.
MRR: Have things improved? SHD: Yeah, in a way, because 2 clubs (Zafari and Hotel) have opened for bands in the winter . But Radio 2 is doing a bad job.
As for the shots...believe me, French women have them but not to the same degree of paralysis that has become popular in other parts of the world. I don't think for a minute that they are not freezing and plumping their faces but the difference is that they are maintaining their looks not re-inventing them. A quest for youth is a dangerous pursuit because it leads only to disappointment and disillusionment; looking after what nature gave us and safeguarding it for the future is a more sensible and achievable way of facing our maturity.
This is what we need to impart on our kids. Yes, there are times when a more formal education be it in a classroom setting or a home school setting are required, but what they should be learning are not only facts and figures and basics, but also that learning should be fun, interactive, and most all, make it personal. Find their passions, their interests and follow them. I do want to be clear that I believe the basic tenants of education important. All children should be able to read, use proper grammar in both the written and spoken forms, have a basic understand of math concepts, and an understanding of history, geography, and scientific theories/processes.
This book is the last book in the trilogy and therefore it does bring into play all the characters which have been introduced so far. This is a good move on the author’s part as it further raises the scales. There is a theme of redemption which plays out between the pages and all characters have to face it. The plot of the book is coalesced a bit from the first two as in the first we had a crusade of one person to rise to the top and in the second there is the search for the missing person. This book manages to combine both these elements and gives the reader something new and familiar at the same time. The plot manages to recreate the intensity of the previous books while giving the characters a push in a newer direction. Both the POV characters are charismatic ones and while Capac does get a smaller role of sorts, he does manage to convey his growth as a character and a crime lord. The real scene stealer is Al Jeery who has spent the last ten years trying to live up a legend so he can find the man who has led him to become the very thing he despises. Al’s growth is very vividly described and the events of this book further test his mettle.
Here are some real Horrockses dresses brought along by Dr Caroline Alexander from the Harris Museum who gave the morning talk. Its was really good despite the fact that her presentation wouldn't work and she had to rely on a few photos.
It’s not a film for everyone, but Combs made a name for himself in the B horror movie circuit with his portrayal of West. Since making Re-Animator Gordon has continued to make horror films including two sequels starring Combs as West.
So, forgive me for not blogging sooner. I got hit with a cold on our return and have been struggling to get "back to reality" while recovering from a cold and missing our ocean view. Last night I did finally get up and make dinner. Italian Chicken Subs. I thought it was pretty impressive given the level of "cold-weary" I felt. Tonight Spaghetti is on the menu and I am thankful for an easy to cook but comfort food sort of meal. I am feeling so much better but not 100% yet so it should be a nice evening. I would love to get out and run this cold out of me, but I'm just not sure that my legs would cooperate!!
Secondly, I was able to see the forest in terms of what it's potential is or was, rather than what currently exists. Above is a small section of cut forest. Maybe nothing shocking, but definitely devastating to what used to grow and live there.
It didn't work exactly as I had planned... for some reason the screws didn't want to go in all the way, but no one will ever see the underside so no big deal. After flipping it over and repeating on the other side, my shelf was in.
1. Pineapples, .99/ea. at Newflower (through 12/15/10)
Now reading all of that, you may wonder “why is she so sad? he seems great!”
She’s home and coming down.
Okay, maybe for that I'd visit.
“Well,” he said, thoughtfully, “we usually do it on the computer. But we haven’t really done any school for a long time, so mostly I watch TV with my dad.” The boy and his two school-aged siblings had been pulled out of school one year prior because dad disagreed with the school’s assessment that the son was not performing at grade level.
I wish I had a suggestion about Peter....I have been advocating for him for YEARS. Nothing short of a full grant is going to do much for him, I'm afraid.
Came home and Skyped with the family. (Happy Mother's Day, Mama!) Eithen is changing, but still gives me lots of kisses on the webcam. Good to talk with everyone (except Caleb and Stephen who were spending the night at a friend's). Afterwards I did some crazy baking and made lemon bars for our team dinner with another batch to take to school. I also made more granola. Tired, but in a better mood by bedtime.
A pay site. Not to whinge, but I spend enough of my time on this blog that the concept of spending cold hard cash to continue just seems perverse. Would MRML readers be willing to foot the cost of an account at this or any other site?
By Thy legions, the ages of time!
“She’s in the pool,” he answers confidently.
Wynn-Wynn Media was formed in 2001 by Jeane Wynn and her husband Tyson. Jeane began her career in publishing in 1989 as a salesperson for NavPress. During her time at NavPress, she was promoted to a six-woman team that developed and launched Clarity magazine. She has worked in various positions in publishing, from sales to marketing, with such companies as WaterBrook Press and Honor Books. During her time as a marketing manager she hired and worked with a number of publicists.
My own event is at 7.30 tonight upstairs in the health food shop, Healthy Spirit (37 Barlow Moor Road), 7.30. I'll be talking about The Birth Machine. There will be wine, and discount copies on sale. I've bought the wine already...
Office / Industrial Space Location: Temecula, California, USA
S:star wars clone wars legos
3. I reserve the right to re-use items. For instance, I was planning on making a certain belt specifically for the third week of My Chemical Outfits, but when I put on The Black Parade outfit I realized there was just too much black and not enough color. So I made the planned belt this week for the BP outfit. You will get to see the same belt (only in a different color) for week three. Also, the skirt I originally wanted to wear for the BP outfit you've already seen. So I made a new skirt. This will not always be the case. If I feel I have an item that is perfect for an outfit, I will use that item, without a doubt.
I adjusted my pattern for the second pair, and learned a valuable lesson. When adding embellishments on something like shoes or the finger-less gloves, a pair of anything, make sure to mirror the image. Notice the burgundy shoes versus the blue ones with buttons. Ah-HA!
Held for weeks in a makeshift prison in occupied France, our narrator is writing a confession of sorts for SS-Hauptsturmführer von Linden, who really wants details about English double agents and air forces, but is getting more story than he bargained for: her first flight on a Puss Moth, her recruitment as a special ops agent, and, especially, her friendship with Maddie Brodatt, a female pilot with the Air Transport Auxiliary.
So in this context it’s not surprising that practical information and skills dominate the conference. I found myself alone in the room designated for teaching, learning, and scholarship, so moved to the one focusing on education abroad. Much as I love to learn about new research in the field, I also need the practical stuff, and at every session people were freely sharing their best ideas and resources. One of these “give-aways” is a full web-based evaluation service called “abroad101” created by a young team of former study abroad students. For college and university study abroad offices, currently the service is free and customizeable. It operates something like travel opinion and recommendation sites like trip advisor or virtual tourist except that the comments registered are part of an online satisfaction survey for study abroad offices and open to be read by prospective study abroad students at participating schools as well as program administrators. Early adapters represented at the session included Providence College and the University of Hartford.
(The king enters. Everyone kneels. The king positions himself at the center of the stage.)
2. If you happen to be a member of Ravelry, please friend me! I am, of course, CashmereLibrarian.
That Wilford Woodruff recognized the 27 occasions in his life in which the Lord’s protecting hand was over him says much about both the man and the importance of his mission. So what were these occasions, and how did they come to happen? Well, I shall share them here with you now, many of which you have probably never heard. I will warn you though, it will take a few minutes to read through this account of these truly miraculous experiences, but it will give you a greater love and appreciation for both this dear prophet, and for the Lord who protected him mightily through his life.
Okay, so, let's get to the meat of the season. The whole Angel arc was just flat-out amazing, abounding with shocking developments, tragic ironies, and unintended consequences. His backstory is that he slaughtered a bunch of Gypsies, and the survivors of that tribe cursed him by restoring his soul so he could be tormented by remorse over his victims. But there's a failsafe clause--if having a soul ever leads to him knowing happiness again, then he loses it again. And what comes of that last little vicious twist of the knife? Two more dead Gypsies--one of them being Jenny's still-vengeful uncle, and the other being Jenny herself, even as she hurries to find a "cure" that would restore Angel's soul again. The episode where that happened, "Passion," just knocked me on my ass. Through my own careless curiosity on the internet, I had already learned that Jenny would die, and it still took my breath away, so I can only imagine what a gut-punch it must have delivered when it originally aired.
…a parent tells you their daughter keeps your picture next to her bed or our pictures are still hanging on their refrigerator from last year.
Today's visit to the salon reminded me of the transformative power of dyed and chopped locks. I haven't dramatically altered my hairstyle since last Thanksgiving, when I asked my stylist to hack away at my then-shoulder-length curls. Since that fateful chop, I've hovered around Bob-cut territory, sometimes requesting near-pixie looks, and sometimes declaring "growing out" periods (which never lasted longer than a month). When I sought her advice on remedying this hair ambivalence, my friend Caitlin of Frosting and Bows (who has known me and my hair since the second grade) suggested that I dye my blonde head red. Auburn, really. I wanted to heed her advice, I sincerely did, which is why I dabbled in cinnamon weeks ago. (Didya notice? It was subtle.) Alas, I couldn't muster the courage for even a semi-permanent hue.
The Science of the Undead (interview) -
Normally a $49 workshop, this workshop is sponsored and we are offering it at no cost to all participants!
One day at a time, right?
tickling, unintended addiction to as a result of h. 127
Anyway, top of my Paris list is the Marais cafe:
I coach them, not to just pull a number out of the air, not to just offer 10% less, but allow the Realtor to coach them. Yes, they have to make the final decision. I ask them to contact me, when they find a home that they like, so that I can go over monthly payments with them. I find, that once they are armed with a good number, they feel better about making the right offer and end up buying the home they want instead of missing out.
Now here is what I came up with for this release. I actually have two cards to share with you all they use the same stamp set "Sacred Season" but are different. The first one has some more traditional colors and the second has a more contemporary color combo.
It's beginning to look alot like Christmas.... I am singing that in my head because I have been wrapping presents and placing them under the tree! And I have been making gift tags for the Cricut Cardz Challenge - #98 - Tag, You're It! Perfect timing!
The letters of Sir Cosmo Duff Gordon and his colourful wife, Lucy, are an extraordinary record of the night of April 15 1912, a century ago tomorrow. They describe not just the unfolding terror of the ship’s sinking, but every detail of how they dressed for the emergency, what they took with them, and their experiences in a perilously small boat before they were picked up by the RMS Carpathia.
-Ari is a little ham. She lovesss making people laugh and smile. It is probably one of her favorite things to do.
Please say a prayer, if you are the praying type, for our sweet boy. Or just keep him in your thoughts.
Helen Mirren is always ab fab darling! You really can't see she's 65 years old. Especially not in this gunmetal Vivienne Westwood creation. We love that she's taken a chance and gone with a designer you see very rarely at the Oscars. All hail the Queen.
All I could think was how can it be this hard and I'm only at 4cm!? I began to doubt myself. My midwife came in shortly after, listened to me through some contractions, checked me, and she reported I was 4cm and %50 effaced!!! WTHECK!? Totally discouraged, I get back in the tub. I really think the tub intensified things for me. It helped me relax, but it really made things pick up. I wanted to stay in the tub, but I was getting so so hot. I felt like I was going to pass out. I kept telling Davey "I'm so sorry, I can't do this. Please, I can't do this." He kept assuring me I could and that I WAS doing it and that each contraction brought Reece closer. He was so great, and so strong for me.
I miss her. As I’ve thought about her this week, a fresh sadness at her absence in our lives has washed over me. There was so much good about my grandmother, who wasn’t perfect of course, but was a vibrant, genuine, extremely loving woman of God.
I am so glad that I got to witness life events with you and share time with you. Those are some pretty amazing memories and you have grown into such an amazing young woman. You are beautiful, smart, and talented. You have been given many God-given gifts, and it has truly been a blessing to me to have had the opportunity to raise, love, comfort, and cherish such a wonderful person as yourself. YOU make my life rich, and I truly enjoy your sarcasm and hilarious viewpoints, your intellect, and who you are underneath it all.
We arrived in Bangkok during midnight, and the plan was to immediately proceed to the Aranyaprathet border, the border between Thailand and Cambodia. We got the cab directly from the airport, but we mistakenly rode a Toyota Camry Taxi (the more expensive type compared to the regular fuchsia pink cabs all over Bangkok). Supposedly, the plan was to ride the regular pink cab to take us all the way to Aranyaprathet. But because we were unaware of taxi agents swarming all over Suvarnabhumi International Airport upon arrival, we were intercepted and led to their persuasion.
I was perusing the TWD website the other month looking for my name to see when I would be making my choice and noticed that my name was NOT on the list. I tweeted Mrs. Laurie lickity split and she quickly rectified the situation and let me know that my turn would be in November! WHOO HOO….then came the challenge of choosing the right recipe, a daunting task. And after choosing a couple of recipes that had already been done (before my time, and coming up the next week – duh) I chose the amazing, chocolatey goodness of the DEVILISH SHORTCAKES!
The director corralled the Mariachis and I together. Jubilantly grinning and clicking his fingers to some Latin rhythm of his own invention to show that he knew, and was just so clever at the cultural coup he'd scored for his production, he told us to do our thang. Lord only knows what strange vision of flamenco dancing he had in mind. The Mariachis and I regarded each other in faint panic and then had to explain that no such thang would be possible. They couldn't play flamenco music to save their lives and so I was duly absolved from dancing and spent the day standing around like a decorative pot plant in the background scenery.
Years ago, I wonder what mother decided that when they used their child’s full name, that meant they were in trouble. “John Jacob JingleHeimerSmith, GET IN HERE, NOW!”
At the beginning of the class, I was told to spread a thin layer of buttercream around the sides of the cake. It hadn't occured to me to turn the cake upside down so the top was perfectly flat until Lorna told me to!
Side Note: Okay, let me be honest here…do I really “bake” or “cook” my baby’s food? No. I usually nuke it in the microwave for two-three minutes or until “tender” and then puree. Easy as pie…or um, easy as baby food!
However, that does not mean the NL missed out on all the big-time free agents as the Marlins inked both Jose Reyes and the aforementioned Mark Buehrle.
Sunday. Trying to work up the enthusiasm to write another post about the Juicy Athena Gravy story, but not quite sure how to do it without consulting lawyers first. Apparently if you speak Italian this article is significant. I don’t know what to make of it, but coffee room gossip is that Private Eye would.
My kids suddenly became quite reserved. As they told me afterward, he had bright yellow teeth and his eyes looked menacing. Children are not so different than the rest of us. Sometimes unfamiliar is hard.
Cricut Cartridges - Gypsy font (Sisters), CTMH Art Philosophy (Flowers, leaves and vines), Martha Stewart Elegant Cakes (Scallop background paper)
It hasn’t happened, yet, to be honest. I’m still moving forward on the practical level. I’ve had all the paperwork approved, the seat on the plane reserved, all the plans are going forward. I just haven’t yet experienced that emotional connection that I thought would’ve happened already.
Humanize Yourself to Your Doctor
Do you know that Japanese people used to say that meat eaters and milk drinkers had a distinctive smell when those items weren’t a big part of their own diet?
B. Nights are warmer than days. YES if the warming was caused by the sun, daytime temperatures would be warmer than nights. Climate models predicted that global warming caused by fossil fuels would cause nights to be, on average, warmer than days. That is also happening.
Romney has lost evangelicals in every contest—and by an average of fifteen points. His best showing came in New Hampshire, where he lost the evangelical vote by nine points, and his worst came in Iowa, where he lost it by twenty-four points. Romney has been running for President for six years, and yet his share of the evangelical vote has declined in most states, compared with his showing in 2008.
One of the challenges I'm entering is the one over at Young Crafters Unite where they're having a challenge that requires you to use NO COLORING. That means no Copics, no colored pencils, no markers, crayons, paints, etc. So I tried to think about how I could create lots of color but not use any coloring. I decided to use balloons to bring in the main color and focal point of the card. Here is their Challenge Photo and a link to their challenge:
Etymology : Phono-semantic compound
I actually have the next TWO days off, as it’s Paul’s birthday on Tuesday. We were going to go down to Whitstable tomorrow and spend the day/night there, but rain is forecast, and Whitstable is no fun in the rain so we’re staying at home instead. We will potter around tomorrow and see his family in the evening for a celebratory meal, and then spend a day together on Tuesday, probably in London village. I’m on the look-out for a decent exhibition or something, although I’m thoroughly tempted to take him to watch Titanic 3D at the Imax. I’m not sure he’d ever forgive me though…
“Do you think they killed Indians here?” The tall, lanky, pale boy asked.
I mean, Google has only given me, for free*:
that you really make my heart break
He will never leave us
I started these bracelet's last week, you can see it in this post. And as is my typical fashion I kept going and making more and more. So now I have one with pennies from our 20th wedding anniversary trip to Maui. Yep, that makes me smile every time I look at it now.
I'm tired, I'm going to bed....are you coming?
As I limped with my cane, slowly to the front of the store, I was greeted by a smiling man who was panhandling. I've seen him outside that door before.
We did o.k. by ourselves,
We're always trying to stay fresh and creative in a competitive market, right? Well, now I'm taking it to another (personal) level. Here's were YOU can help and receive FREE e-design services in return! We are in the process of selling our current home (tons of pics below). Come on in!
My guess is the unknown caller is Nick. Just say so.
CYRIL; But seeing the Pharisees awkwardly silent, Christ baffles their determined impudence by some important considerations. As it follows; And he answered and said to them, Which of you shall have an ass or an ox fallen into a pit, and will not straightway pull him out on the sabbath day?
In response to Adelle's recent post on The Move, here is something special for Roy Wood devotees. The following is quoted directly from the torrent info file.... Enjoy!
I'm trying to prepare myself for the week ahead and organize myself in a way that will help me to be more creatively productive. I have learned that I am my "best self" when I am creating in some way. When I ignore that part of myself I become depressed and despairing. It can be very difficult to lift myself out of it again.
After they were clean and dry, I used masking tape to create a rectangle on the candle. Nope, I didn't measure....you can though :)
He watched Samantha Standiford, 29, round the side of the building, at 7601 Little Road. He followed. When he leaned around the corner, he found her upside down in the passenger’s side of a gray Honda Civic, riffling through its contents.
At this point in my story, the men tend to seem quite bored. I wasn't terribly drunk, so they don't see how this story could get interesting. The women, though, almost every one of them is sitting up straighter, staring at me, with a touch of fear in their eyes. They know where this story is probably headed. And that difference in reaction is exactly why I tell this story.
Sunday May 20th will see a significant solar eclipse so watch for that. In particular if you are in or near San Francisco for example, you will see a 90% solar eclipse. For more about the eclipse times and degrees in your area see this great EarthSky article. Add to this the energy of a New Moon in Gemini on the same date and you have powerful opportunities to really soar and fly to new heights as the chance for a new chapter in your life unfolds.
I figured I would do a kit I hadn't seen as of yet! I'm not an "emo" type person, and this was my first real emo wedding kit. It's packed full of fun!
I did however, managed to craft during the weekend. I have been wanting to make this Faux Leather Wallet for some time now but never got to it. You can find the instructions here. The tutorial is really easy to do and lots of fun to make. Being that this was my first wallet, I am itching to make a few more. For one, I have to find a nicer front snap. I did add a magnet for the inside and it worked well. However, I'm not happy with my little flower. Just doesn't do anything to the wallet.
Puthandu or better known as Tamil New Year or Chithirai Tiru-naal, is the celebration of the first day of the Tamil new year in mid-April by Tamils in Tamil Nadu, in Pondicherry in India, in Sri Lanka and by the Tamil population in Malaysia, Singapore, Reunion Island and Mauritius. On this day, Tamil people greet each other by saying “Puthandu Vazthukal” or “Iniya Tamizh Puthandu Nalvaazhthukkal” The festive occasion is in keeping with the Hindu solar calendar.
credits. Online electrical course learning benefits are numerous: accessible from anywhere you
In the first ever Touring Car-B class races in the Pirelli World Challenge, Jonathan Start, of Caledonia, Mich., drove his specially-prepared Fiat 500 to two consecutive Touring Car-B race wins on Saturday, April 28 at the 2.2-mile Miller Motorsports Park West Course configuration.
*Notes on using your leftover whey:
Bananas and avocados, I'm sorry but you will have to be reserved for holiday celebrations. Oranges, I'll see you in my stocking Christmas morning. Olive oil, well you're sticking around because let's face it, there's no good substitute and I don't see olive groves growing in my backyard anytime soon.
The good news is that anyone with a windowsill, soil, seeds, a lot of love and a little bit of hard work can still enjoy freshly grown vegetables by starting a container garden!
You had to ask it, which says enough.
It would be better to explain to your kids the dangers rather than letting them wear hoodies to school to protest like some idiot principal in Delaware did. (and we scratch out heads and wonder why the school system is broke.)
3. Three mentally ill men who amplify one another’s schizophrenic delusions?
“Oh, oh my–” Kate stopped herself. “Did you call 9-1-1?”
(Text Box comment Page 10)
there must be trees
Flying out of Lima to Cusco was a quick 1 hour flight. It was quite amazing to see the desert transform into the Andes. Seeing the mountains so close as we were flying at high altitude was breathless. It felt as if I could touch them. Stepping out of plane, I was expecting to feel like I couldn’t breathe because of all the horror stories on the web about high altitude. The air felt so clean and I was still able to breathe deeply as I walked off the tarmac. I could feel a heaviness in the air and felt like I had to move in slow motion but nothing to panic about which was great. There were vendors trying to sell you stuff as you exited off the plane onto the bus. Mothers with children strapped on their backs as they were selling you items made your heart sink. As we boarded the bus we were given coca tea to help with the adjustment to high altitude.
Hop 15's lingering bitterness was nothing compared to one of my final beers of the evening - Mikkeller's 1000 IBU IPA Light. I had waited to the last to try this as the chances of being able to taste anything else after this was going to be pretty slim. I was surprised by the first mouthful of this beer. It has an initial gentle toffee and caramel malt flavour to it but this soon withdrew to allow the extreme bitterness to come in and do it's stuff. And boy, does it do it's stuff. It is really bitter. So bitter, in fact, that it felt like my cheeks were being drawn together. The extreme bitterness was what I had expected but nothing on this scale.
How about you all? What are your resolutions of the year?
Susana blogs regularly about social unrest and disparities domestically and globally. She's written extensively about the Oaxaca protests and the organizing of women in the Middle East. Susana's discussions have also received numerous critics and attacks. Like Ziegler, Susana leaves her blog open for comments. One highly disputed post on her site received 113 comments. Susana had commented that criticizing what a woman chooses to wear in the United States is not the same thing as imposing a burqa on Afghani women. Susana thought such a comparison derided the choice and agency of many Afghani women.
In Warner-Lambert Company, et al. v. Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. (Fed. Cir. August 11, 2005), the court affirmed denial of summary judgment of unenforceability based upon the inventor's lack of intent to deceive. In this case, the court noted that Claim 16, at least on its face, appeared to read on much of the Vasotec® formulation:
“Vickie……there is a box of stuffed monkeys in Lexy’s closet. Seriously, just monkeys. You know that, right?…….Vickie, when is enough enough?…..But, she doesn’t want them…….You remember their names?……Yes, I remember I named the gorilla Reuben……….Well, Vickie, they are easy to give away because they are f(&*^& stuffed monkeys…….Hello?……..Vick, you there?”
Once I actually finish university which is a week tomorrow, the 10th May I’m going to start going the gym because I’m a chubby geezer nowadays and if I end up looking like Arg then I’m going to jump into the Mersey! So once I’ve lost the weight and become toned I’ll be sound! Going to start jogging in the morning, not in Norris Green though because if the police see a teenager running they assume he’s either robbed something or he’s running from the police, so jib that! I’m in two minds signing up for the gym because they take money from your account, which I don’t like and I can never be arsed to resume going the gym.
It didn't!
Living with the Captain is an amazing experience. Last weekend, I chased the Hurricane to Charleston to visit Daughter at school and trade cars with her. While we were going to the beach and shopping and eating out and dancing and generally enjoying ourselves, the Captain did the following, (without being asked):
Can there be moderate Muslims when their faith, Islam, is immoderate? Can you have moderate Muslims when Islam itself is fundamentalist?
a few things...
1/4 to 1/2 cup low sodium soy sauce
Digory Kirke also found himself in another world, and was taken with the exact same urge to ring the magic bell, to see what would happen. Even though he knew it was probably dangerous.
NT: I met him once or twice in passing when he was introduced to me in the office – “And finally, this is Neville, he’s the idiot who writes all the embarrassing, troublesome stuff,” that sort of thing.
In 2009, after years of obscurity, Skousen's ideas were unexpectedly rediscovered by Glenn Beck, who was given a copy of "The 5,000-Year Leap" by a friend. As a result of Beck's endorsement, the book became a best seller and a Tea Party favorite. Beck's endorsement also revitalized the National Center for Constitutional Studies, which Skousen founded under another name in 1971 and which offered seminars on his books. During the 1990s, the center typically offered no more than a dozen seminars a year; this past year, it offered more than 200 to Tea Party groups across the country....
Look for value and be prepared to look in unlikely places. A suit by George @ ASDA or TU @ Sainsbury’s may be hard to tell from one by John Rocha in Debenhams or M&S, especially if it fits you properly. However this will not be true of all George or TU suits. Buy carefully. Budget stores like Primark deliberately copy the fit and shape of suits that are produced by more expensive tailors. You can do the same. Over the course of the year feel free to visit the stores which sell the wardrobe items you would buy if money were no object. Now you know what quality looks like and feels like go find alternatives which are similar but fall within your budget.
Until routine child vaccination became widespread in the 1940s, pertussis caused thousands of fatalities each year in the United States. While deaths are uncommon today, they still occur: In recent weeks, infants in New Mexico and Idaho have died from the disease.
And the same goes for your RADical parenting. Good or bad, they cheer, because at least you're doing it. Here's a quote from last year's post...
Then it was a quick cheerio to the horse butcher in Rue de Bellyeme, before we stopped in the sun in the little garden in front of the Picasso Museum. That I can stop and admire a Picasso sculpture or three on my early morning wander is nothing short of remarkable - and something, no matter how long I stay in Paris, I vow never to take for granted.
“You will not have that for which you ask, nor can you have anything you want. This is because your very request is a statement of lack, and your saying you want a thing only works to produce that precise experience—wanting—in your reality. The correct prayer is therefore never a prayer of supplication, but a prayer of gratitude. When you thank Go in advance for that which you choose to experience in your reality, you, in effect, acknowledge that it is there…in effect. Thankfulness is thus the most powerful statement to God; an affirmation that even before you ask, I have answered. Therefore never supplicate. Appreciate.” CWG Book 1
These pills were terrible! Well they did the job by getting me to sleep but I couldn't wake up again properly until Friday morning - two days later. I had so much trouble waking up on Thursday so much so that I basically cancelled my whole day so I could sleep it off. I managed to get Ned fed, dressed and down to day care and then came straight back home and back to bed, where I stayed til nearly 1pm. I was still terribly drowsy but thought I'd better wake up and try having more coffee so I didn't waste the entire day in bed but still didn't manage to get too far from the couch. I picked Ned up from day care at 5pm and had us both fed, bathed and into bed by 7.30. I think I went off to sleep before he did.
So you have until 11:59pm 30th December to submit your entries for this challenge. You can enter a maximum of 3 times if you wish. But they must be NEW entries only please.
As it were, the Saudi-financed Oxford Centre for Islamic Studies is now in … well, I won’t tell you; it’s the kind of question that highschoolers flunk in countries run by multiculti space cadets. Oxford is as well where the aforementioned local bishop voices support for the amplified Muslim call to prayer, so congruent with the 14th century lanes of this once-Saxon town and the traditions that once made Great Britain great.
Noel Gallagher has said he would, hypothetically, collaborate with Damon Albarn. Mind you, he picked Albarn over Thom Yorke (about whose singing and Radiohead’s music Noel once said, “I’m having it until the little fella starts singing.”) Noel rightly recognizes that he could make cooler, more upbeat music with Albarn than the guy who Liam Gallagher once called a “miserable ginger dwarf.”
I love the fact that they included a hand creme in this months box. Hands really suffer during this weather, mine especially, and I'm really focused on taking better care of them. I have quite a few tubes of hand creme at home, because I keep wanting to find better ones. I'm currently using L'Occitane, but I'll give that one a break for a while to try this one.
Check this out everyone! The Karsh family in the middle “political season ratings and national babbling about youth development solutions is creatively and financially helping fellow Americans with a leg up by “puts their money where their values are.” According to Duke Today (a university-based newspaper) trustee Bruce Karsh and wife, Martha have designated $5 million to create a “KIPP at Duke” endowment that will provide financial aid for tuition, program enrichment, advising and other support for graduates of the Knowledge Is Power Program (KIPP) http://www.kipp.org/ who are accepted and matriculate at Duke. KIPP is a network of college-preparatory public schools in underserved communities throughout the nation.
Freddie had us instead. And let me tell you, we were far
Yesterday afternoon I asked my husband which Mass he wanted to attend today.
Pigou said though violence and fear levels in Zimbabwe had since decreased, light should be shed on last year's rein of terror to prompt a transformation of the military and prevent future abuses.
It was tucked away on the side of a building, but the message was a delight to see.
I am so honored and privileged to be part of the praise ministry team at my church led by Daryl Smith & Kaisara Esera. Right off the bat they gave me the song list for each Sunday mornings worship time and gave me accurate lyric sheets with the correct order that they will be singing/playing. So appreciated! After many Sunday mornings of everyone in church swiveling in their seats to look back at me running the slides when they weren’t right…oh how nice to know Daryl is so prepared. And they are good at expressing their gratitude, which is not necessary, but nice. Everyone likes a pat on the back now and again. Anytime they have made changes in how we “do business”, the changes are fully explained and they have always made sense to me. I see how we are constantly striving to make the worship experience better and better. How we want to make sure the focus is on God and that we do everything we can to not be a distraction.
Lucy, who is the earliest known bipedal human ancestor, may not have been the only bipedal gal in the neighborhood. My anthropology friends have been buzzing about the recent reports of foot bones from a primitive bipedal human ancestor who existed in the same time as Lucy. According to paleoanthropologist Jeremy DeSilva: ”This foot, therefore, provides some of the best evidence that there were different experiments in bipedalism going on during this time in human evolution.” The search for early bipedal ancestors is difficult, as the foot bones are delicate and rarely preserved, so the discovery of these foot bones is exciting for my adorable anthropology nerds.
Kid #2 Steel beam? Those things weigh a ton. Literally.
Oct 4 - Ekko, Utrecht, The Netherlands
He adds that the Pakistani army - which has come under intense scrutiny and criticism over the Bin Laden affair - is likely to point out that this attack is an illustration of the sacrifices it has made in the "war on terror".
Potato, egg, cheese and jalapeno bkfst. taco with pico de gallo. Heaven on freakin' Earth.
g. Greenhouse gas pollution releasing climate change-causing carbon that was safely sequestered for 400 million years.
LOS ANGELES, CA (Feb. 22, 2012) – One brave warrior, touched by the gods, must overcome all odds to save mankind from a merciless and powerful tyrant when IMMORTALS comes to Blu-ray and DVD on March 6th from Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment. Directed by visionary filmmaker Tarsem Singh (The Cell, The Fall) and written by Charles Parlapanides and Vlas Parlapanides, the home entertainment release is chock-full of must-see bonus features including an alternate beginning, two alternate endings, deleted scenes and an amazing graphic novel, creating the ultimate viewing experience.
The sign above it was written in Japanese, but the part I could understand read "DVD-9 $30". I looked on the back of my DVD. Alas it read "DVD-9". Okay, that's cool, I'll pay 30 bones to get the whole series. No problem.
Edmund John Millington Synge (16 April 1871 – 24 March 1909) was an Irish play writer and poet. He was one of the founders of the Abbey Theatre. He is best known for his play "The Playboy of the Western World.
And to give you a head’s up here comes book 4 in Sept 2012 Playing to Win. God where does Jaci get these cover models, I canna stop drooling, seriously.
I discovered that I can maintain (up a little/down a little on a day-to-day basis) if I eat 2300-2600 calories. Eating less than 2000 has gotten me back on the losing track (along with 6 days per week of exercise). I hope that I can keep losing at this level for some time, reducing to 1800 and then 1600 over time. I really (really) don't want to have to go as low as 1200 to lose. Maybe at the very end. But the end is not near.
09/16/2011 SELL 0.01 usdmxn 13.0215
They learned by watching my actions and following my lead. Now, none of those boys will make it to the NFL, but all of them know more about football than any of their Guatemalan Neighbors.
Discontent - the good kind - has officially set in. Even after all that we have given up as a family, we’re discovering that things still own us and our Western mindset and culture has created a sense of misguided independence that sometimes rears it’s head in the form of community isolation. I’m frustrated with the church, I don’t mean my church per se, but the church as a whole. This is not me pointing a finger outward, it’s a realization that I am the church and I’m frustrated with what we’ve become. I don’t want the church to be a weekly club with all its programs. For me personally, I want the Acts church full of fellowship, meetings needs of orphans and widows, shared food and no hidden agendas – genuine Gospel community. Hang on with me, though it’s going to seem like I’m all over the place (I am), it all ties in together. Trust me.
*Always check lineups as close to game time as possible to make sure your picks are playing.
Amanda stared at her reflection in the mirror. The woman looked familiar, as if she had known her intimately long ago, but the woman seemed to have nothing to do with her todays.
Is it an influence to the point where I am just rehashing history and mythology and not being original at all?
GIANNI VALENTE
Mat Zain also commented that regardless of whoever chaired the independent panel probing Bersih 3.0, be it former Inspector General of Police Hanif Omar or former Chief Judge of Sabah and Sarawak Steve Shim even United Nation special rapporteur Frank La Rue, what was important was the action is taken after the final report is submitted to the AG.
But as we grow in our relationship with God, we begin to see that while God hates our sin, he loves us and has made a way for our sin to be forgiven. Our fear of God for his judgement of our sin is replaced by a fear of him as a holy, righteous and loving Father who punished his Son for our sin.
4 lbs of cubed beef
I really like vintage souvenir pieces, and of course have several if not more than several in my collection.....sorta a strange collection...but I guess I am sorta strange anyhow!!!
Well it is their loss as New Zealand is capable of producing some sensational red wines from quite a few different grape varieties and blends.
Practice moving your foot away from the pedal, first while sitting on your bike with one foot on the ground. Next, move on to releasing and replacing your foot while pedaling around for a bit. Those with toe clip and clipless type foot pedals will want to spend a bit more time practicing.
The depths of space to probe.
The idea of convention touches on following the basic rules of writing, which covers grammar, organization, cohesion, etc. This text does indeed follow these rules; it even has a grammar appendix covering sentence structure and comma rules. The chapter organization is clear, lending itself to an order that continually builds. Major section also include tables or bulleted lists at the end covering the main ideas, which is every lazy student’s favorite study trick. All in all, many of the classic “textbook” conventions are followed, by the book.
whether we have felt alone or fulfilled,
I'll care when these thugs tell the world they are
But then this arrived and CHANGED EVERYTHING.
And he is staying in to let those scars heal again, as we all do, from time to time. Only we hide it better, beneath our fancy attires, expensive perfumes and painless smiles. Even though he knew that, he is just not the kind that hides.
Jake tells his city stories. And we tell our stories of Home and our lives.
federal gas penalty, and 5 mpg better than the Chevy Camaro ZL1. He also said the GT500 has enough torque to snap to 60 mph in first gear; how it keeps from shredding tires at every stoplight remains an open question.
And would you just look at my children?!
Bathroom is the next best place to invest cash in the home. Even relatively minor updates to your bathroom can produce a return on investment of over 150%. Because toilets fit neatly over existing plumbing, they’re surprisingly easy to install. And just like kitchen faucets, look for modern water-saving toilets that will both save on your water bills and appeal to energy-conscious buyers when it’s time to sell.
12.Red Chilli Powder : 1tsp
The schedule for the event has recently been published. I am sharing the highlights, with the hope that you'll consider attending. Registration details can be found here. Space is limited.
In the early 1990’s, Aristolochia plant was misidentified and widely distributed in Belgium as slimming agents, which led to the development of kidney failure in more than 100 women, many of whom subsequently developed urinary tract cancer.
On the other other hand, who is the audience for our condemnation? Is it the Gelato guy, or is it blog-reading atheists? If the audience is blog-reading atheists, condemnation is useful after all, because atheists can be expected to behave better. As I understand it, this is PZ Myers' goal, to make a statement to atheists, not to Gelato guy. His statement is that atheists should have higher standards, and I sympathize a lot with this message.
and to watch
7. Do you have pets?
night.
You see, this summer I was busy, but only working one job as I figured out my plan for this next semester. Then, out of the blue, I got an offer. A school that I had subbed at last spring called me on July 22nd to see if I could take on a long-term sub position for the new sixth grade class.
You will live independently.
After a few Jamesons, I told Roommate “I think Vinnie’s the cutest.” He said “Make it happen,” and thus, the challenge was born and I started the mathematics.
3Com Compatible Transceivers Designed for Multi-Mode Fibers
Art Blakey: The revered leader of the Jazz Messengers, one of jazz’s greatest musical proving grounds, drummer Art Blakey (1919-90) recorded only these two dates for Impulse, 1961’s Jazz Messengers!!!! (with the superb “Alamode”) and 1963’s unconventional, yet sterling, quartet outing A Jazz Message.
“If you’re next to a big hospital then you would have whatever’s being flushed down the drain in the hospital, from people being sick to… well, you get the idea.”
Getting back to the heroes - as the stories continued, I, along with the heroine, began to see the person behind the stuffy mask, and each hero turned out to be really heroic - a truly good guy, someone the heroine can rely on through anything and everything.
My MIL loved antiques. I have fond memories of going to the Bloomington Antique Mall with her whenever she and my FIL visited us. I'd not been in a while, but my friend Y suggested a trip there, and I had tons of fun with her.
“Honey Badger don’t care… Honey Badger don’t give a shit”
The video tutorial says to use Mod Podge to finish the project, but I didn't care for how that looked on my tester. It made the photo look too glossy (even though it was satin Mod Podge) and too home-made, as opposed to handmade. :) So, I just didn't use it on these.
I am thinking positive thoughts that it will be smooth sailing from here on....at least I am trying...but next is the machine sewing and that does not ever go smooth! It is very tempting to give up on this one.
Feb. 17, 2012: This is not a new issue. In fact the Bush and Clinton administrations are directly at fault for the same inaction. A maritime agreement negotiated by the U.S. State Department set the Russian boundary on the other side of the disputed islands, but no treaty has ratified this action. Consequently, it is within the president’s power to stop this giveaway. The Alaska delegation’s failure to put pressure on the administration is inexplicable. State Department Watch, an organization that assisted with this article, has confronted each administration and is currently confronting the Obama administration — and has been met by silence. I’m hoping this piece will help reinvigorate efforts to stop this handover.
The Falcons didn’t have a first round pick, but I think they should’ve addressed safety much earlier than they did, and I would’ve been more concerned with reloading the defensive line than the offensive line. With all that said, the players they took were all solid prospects.
by Robert Frost
For the next three hours we stayed at the birth center. After the placenta was delivered they had me get out of the tub so it could be cleaned and filled again this time with herbs to start the healing process. We also put baby in too to clean him up. They took the babies weight and height and did the apgar test. He was not 42 weeks, he was 40 weeks. Due to the fact that that my cycle is longer than the average 28 days the due date was wrong. Then we all got ready and went back to the motel.
Even so, the former Destiny Childs front lady didn’t allow the chit chat to get her down. “There was so much love and well wishes from all over the world — it made it easier to deal with the stupid rumors,” she tells People.
The contemporary Eliotean scarecrows have too much of everything. Too much luxury, too many gadgets, too many possessions…
Sanity went right out the window and rarely made any appearances since.
