Anyway, I hope the weather isn’t too grotty where you are and you are looking forward to Christmas. I mean I’m jaded and cynical but I can’t stand people who piss and moan about Christmas. It’s the one time of year people give, share, are nice, kind and just Love a little more. People who gripe about cues, the expense, the hassle, etc. in my opinion don’t have a heart or a soul. I still love Christmas and I hope I always will. It really is a wonderful time of year for such a gloomy and unrelenting season. I will post again soon but in the meantime, get in the spirit and be happy. The world seems such a morbid and depressing place at the moment we can all do with the cheer and joy that Yuletide affords.
I'm sure it won't surprise you that Captain Britain was given an entry in the former volume, in which all entries are composed as if being delivered by Steve Rogers himself. I'm betting a lot of you may not even have seen this entry before, so I'll share it with you here.
Oh yeah. I'm so in.
“Well, you don’t seem to have been taking much charge of him so far then,” commented Arik dryly.
This now means that those who, in their arrogance, sought to dominate and control the masses through their subterfuge and fraud, have deluded themselves into a corner — from where there is now no escape for them.
Matthew 5:17
Your anger for Islam make people more eager to see what the fuss about Islam is all about and they would want to convert to Islam too.
Don’t get me wrong, whenever I see an overwhelmed mom at Walmart, I relate. Unequivocally. I know that there is no scale big enough to measure the magnitude of mental anguish experienced by a woman pushing a cart stuffed with sagging groceries and sticky kids. It should be an Olympic Sport, worthy of its own medal ceremony.
After closing time, the gang, including Ida and Monty, are hanging out in the parking lot, goofing off, smoking, and sounding a little drunk. Mildred comes out and proudly announces they made $46.37. Hang on a sec, that math doesn’t really work out. If everything’s $.85, then to get that amount you’d have to serve dinner to 54.6 people. Eh, maybe that includes pie sales or something. Mildred’s delighted, and everyone congratulates her on her huge success. And indeed, that’s a decent haul for a restaurant of that size. It’s the equivalent of a bit more than $700 today. Well done, Mildred. Someone hands Mildred a drink and Bert drunkenly raises a glass to her. Ida tells her the reviews from the customers were grand and the place is going to be a huge success. Mildred allows herself to bask in that for a minute, then asks Bert to take Veda home so she can drive Ida back.
we took a break earlier and my girlfriend looked at this blog. she was so impressed, (not by me, of course, but by all y'all!) by your thoughtful comments and support for someone you only know via your computer screen that i think we might have a new blogger soon! anyway, y'all, as i told eryl in the comments, have my heart! here's to all y'all! *raising my glass of five rivers cabernet sauvignon* (it really is much easier to drink the wine than move it yanno)
The plan for now is to pull anchor and head south to Panama. Hard to believe it is time to leave Nicaragua already.
The pink and cardstock are also DCWV.
Sod that, my other self answers. I want people to GASP with recognition that the weight has fallen off.
Tan Ya meets with Young Ho again at the hotel restaurant and he’s very stoic. He proposes living together in Hawaii. He’ll give up working at the hotel. Tan Ya wants to know if he’s really serious but he’s been thinking about this for some time now. So what’s in it for her? If Tan Ya wants to get married, he’ll marry her. If she just wants to live together, they’ll just live together. All he has is money and he’ll do whatever she wants as long as they’re together. Tan Ya asks if its okay that she’s not in love with him. He laughs and says that he’s not asking for love. He wants companionship. The only condition is that he wants her to be a real mom to Ji Woo. He’ll give her some time to think about her answer.
Wagner's Gotterdammerung, which I was pleased she didn't dismiss, is sometimes translated as Twilight of the Gods but can mean Death of the Gods.
Qui nous ouvre le jour
Date of publication: June 2010
5:30 p.m. - Get your groove on at our Zumba Expo! Zumba is a Latin-based exercise-dance that is fun for people of all ages!
Later came and I was finally able to bring up the subject of the previous Saturday that had got me hopping mad. I calmly stated my case...and told him that there would be no Saturday hanging out time with "the friend". The teen left and I felt all went well...yea for me!
I was a volunteer venue manager at NPS in 2011.
At the time Lancashire had a reputation for being full of trouble-makers and subversives. Jennet lived with her mother Elizabeth, her grandmother Demdike, older sister Alizon and brother James in the village of Pendle. Villagers dubbed Demdike a “cunning woman.” In March 1612, Alizon cursed a peddler who would not give her any pins. The peddler collapsed and his son reported it to an ambitious local magistrate, Roger Nowell.
The big question of course is the affect changing the points system would have on the league over the course of a full season of over 50 games. It is harder to see what difference it may make. But in both the EIHL and the EPL the winners would have been the same. But if the outcome is going to be the same then why not give fans a better experience for their money by encouraging teams to go for the win in regulation by changing the points system.
After winning a series against the best team in the MLB, the Jays take off for a road trip to Southern California where they will have a 4-game set against the Angels followed by a 3-game set against the A’s. Starting things off for the Angels is a much improved Brandon Morrow. Coming off 6 shutout innings in his last start, Morrow hopes to continue his dominance against an underachieving Angels team. Morrow is 2-0 with a 1.01 ERA over his last four road starts dating to last season, during which he’s limited opponents to a .167 average. He is 0-2 with a 4.76 ERA in three career starts versus the Angels. GM Farrell has high praise for his young starter off to a good start to the season:
Finally, with the advertisements of discounts and promotions, there can also be an increase in traffic flow within the certain social media outlet of that company. By offering discounts to a customer in exchange for traffic flow to your website, not only is the customer benefiting from the experience, but the company is enjoying the reward of exposure. Through common social media outlets, such as Facebook and Twitter, you are able to increase your customer base extensively through the use of promotions. For example, a restaurant should tweet daily specials to entice repeat business and curious local Twitter users.
Talk to friends who have worked with a wedding planner about their experience and schedule appointments with a few planners to learn more about their services, prices and how they can help you.
Inspiration: Raymond Williams
Due to the traffic on the blog and my sometimes hectic days, I might not be able to respond immediately but be, rest assured that I would and when I don't, I would say something about it here on my blog.
Like many of us, when we lose someone dear, certain anniversaries come along that will call to mind events. Birthday parties, family vacations, those talks that went on all night.
I’d like to focus on the last point. A modest change to the way we sell could
Mr Traveller threw water into the logburner to put the fire out apparently not the done thing, we now know, but he didn't do any damage, and he did stop the fire, which was the main thing), while I took the Littlest Hobo outside and phoned the housekeeper, who showed up a few minutes later with her husband. They were greeted by the sight of Mr Traveller in his bare feet with trousers rolled up to his knees as he mopped up all the water. Amidst fraught calls between plumbers, the owner back in the UK and who knows who else, we managed to clean up and make the house safe, or as safe as we could, given we didn't know where exactly the water had gone to within the walls. The housekeeper offered to take us to her maison d'haute for the night, until the plumber could come in the morning, but we opted to stay in the house, concluding that there'd been enough upheaval already for the Littlest Hobo that night, and apart from the possibility of being a bit cold, it should be fine now that it was all turned off.
So you have the three great cornerstones of the English literary canon in or near the pub. But more than that, the constancy of the George as everything around it has changed (none of the other twenty-odd Southwark inns now survives) makes it the perfect vehicle to look at six centuries of social history. As you stand on the ancient wooden balconies now, you can see London’s latest phallus, the Shard, rising up in front if you. And that kind of freaks me out. When Dickens wrote about this place 175 years ago this year, he was already being nostalgic about it. Imagine that!
And -- it was at Riverbend that things began to go south. No pun intended.
Unlike Maddox, however, he is a thinker.
I also have a lot of readers who enjoy reading about the south so I have links just for The South. In addition, readers can now read author interviews I have done to date! While although the ideas are still in its infancy, my pages will update often!
Blog Post 1
i never posted pictures of the end of my garden last year. my energy was being eaten up by everything else going on, and my gardening enthusiasm waned.
Label Design.
low and still in the no flow time zone
And here is one last picture to show just how crazy we are down here in
Margaret murdered Marvin marvelously, mincing the man’s merry mass with a miraculously accurate machete. Morose, Margaret moped meekly, mulling over the misbegotten mess the misanthropic maiden had made. ”Mercy!” Margaret muttered, mumbling a medley of melancholy melodies as Mr. Marcus Martin microscopically moped over the mystery, mystified by Margaret’s malicious mastery and meretricious mendacity.
The labor force participation rate continued to decline.
Me and my buddy Ally finally had a chance to see the Transmission LA exhibit at MOCA (an art museum in Los Angeles). The exhibit makes you have entered the 8bit twilight zone! See what I mean in the gallery after the jump…
It’s like nothing in life that I’ve ever known
The Artist - 2011
Linking up to these parties:
Abbott's life is filled with paradoxes like these. Here for example is an extract from the chapter Abbott and the Paradox of Personal Growth:
For the storm that had just passed through
I’m not afraid to admit that I’ve made mistakes and I’ve said the wrong words,
In 1980, Robert Altman directed Robin Williams in the live-action-sing-along-film Popeye. It was Robin’s first movie and Popeye’s last.
6) THE SNEAK – Jimmy Oliver
From another side it is also plausible that other actors, part of the ruling cabinet do have diverging interests and they may well explore a different horizon.
He’s proved he’s abusive by taking the sons (possibly killing them). He probably wants to lower or avoid child support since he’s raised the topic of other debts. And, research has shown that lack of access/time is not the real reason Dads kill their children. It’s just an excuse they use.
We are going to try a gj-tube again for Emily. It will be placed by the GI herself during an endoscopy. This is a last ditch effort to get meds in Emily. Please cross your fingers, pray, turn in circles, and hope it works!
Here we are again...I must apologize as life has once again completely taken over...I am trying to slow down and post more but that will be a problem for awhile...sigh...BUT I did have to get my card for this months challenge posted. Our lovely hostesses were Kelly and Jeanette and they picked a wonderful theme for us to do....(my favorite show...heehee)...We were to use the "what not to wear" show as a spring board for the kit they sent to each of us...Our image is Lilah from Instyle stamps and as you can plainly see from the front of my card she really isn't too in style...yikes...
But we are more than genteel or civilized
Things look better in the morning
'I'd put it on the windowsill so it wouldn't blow away,' Mike says.
Anzac Day, in other words, is not only the most famous Australian secular festival, which it certainly is. It is a day, like Christmas Day and Easter Sunday, when we may be challenged to choose a certain lavishness in compassion and love, as against the acid pitilessness of death. The speechifying is all very well, and so is the patriotism, and so is the convivial drinking. But what really matters is the first step, the first choice, towards rejection of Mars the Devil, and so the first step, the first choice, for the Lord of Peace. Every Mass says that this is possible; but only you or I can say whether it will be our way to go.
Another standalone book in the Forgotten Realms series, The Cities. I managed to pick up this book from the Half Price book store for the princely sum of $1! Cheaper then most e-books I'll tell you. Speaking of e-books, a quick search of Amazon shows that nope, no ebook version over there. Anyway, Temple Hill does a lot of things that I felt the other book I read in the series failed to do.
Sodium 308.7 mg
11That same day Moses said to the people,
“hmmmm ahh.. san?” Still with my eyes shut
Honestly, I felt like if I can run 6km, I can run 21. If I can do something I never thought I would or could do, and I did it, what is stopping me from running 7? 10? 15? 21? Watch out next Saturday...I'm coming for you and your 7km!
1. The Betrayed
Christine Lagarde for instance was the Minister of Finance in France and a key cabinet member in the President Nicolas Sarkozy’s government. As a Finance Minister she was in a powerful position to fight corruption and bribery and end the practice where her country has become a safe haven for Africa’s looted assets, but she and her government did nothing to stop France from becoming the deposit box of Africa’s dirty money. French President Nicolas Sarkozy promised in 2006 to change the adulterous relationship between France and her former colonies in Africa so as to bring an end to the massive corruption and dictatorship sometimes engineered and supported by the French state, but almost four years after taking office he has done little if not nothing to follow through his campaign promise.
I seem to be more out of social media fashion than I thought. Not only that I just started tweeting some months ago (shame on me ... it seems as if half of the world has the deep urge to tweet), I completely forgot about my invitation to Pinterest that a good friend of mine has sent me last year. Yes. That's how I engage myself to such platforms.
Each piece of cork board is only about 1/32" thick - definitely not enough to hold a nail stable. So I stacked three together. Use your glue gun to glue them together. Put them back under some heavy books for an hour or so so allow to dry completely.
By the falling of leaves,
3. Add eggs one at at time, mixing thoroughly before adding the next one. Add lime zest and lime juice.
MaryDeluxe
An’ I’ll ne’er be fu’ content, until mine een do see
What to do if a person is struck by lighting? First 4 Minutes are Crucial
(what i do is that i share these ideas with my international friends from my international school , just to create an awareness.)
1) Al Hessada
So last night, my dad (who hates Obama I might add…*no comment*) says “did you know Obama is Bi” *let me add, this ‘discussion’ steamed from the anti-gay marriage bs in the news* so my reply was “No, I didn’t…but if he is, OKAY…who cares, what’s your point”? So anyhow, I was just “researching” this little/HUGE RUMOR and so far all I’ve come up with is some ridiculous conspiracy theory because 2 people in CHICAGO were “shot execution style” that at some point knew Obama (Dude, I’m from Chicago! Does the words GANGS AND DRUGS mean anything to you?) and A… *YES ONE*, pic of Obama sitting on a couch next to another man… I’m sorry I wasn’t aware that sitting on a couch next to someone of the same sex makes you gay, FUCK I’ve been GAY FOR LIKE FOREVER THEN! smh, aye…I’m gonna have to blog this shit tomorrow, I just have too much to say about it! I’m not a huge Obama “fan” but come on, let’s stop with the bullshit!
With the brightest and fairest of flashes,
Dear useless Cunt/Sir/Madame
Commercial and homebrewing pioneer Greg Noonan died late Saturday. Noonan wrote the very influential homebrewing guide Brewing Lager Beer (1986, updated in 2003) and opened Vermont's first brewpub in 1988. More importantly, he guided and inspired many brewers.
Once you let vampires go play in the sunlight, it kind of ruins a lot of what makes them spooky. They don’t have to hide out in underground crypts. No, they can live in fabulous mountaintop mansions. They can hold jobs, go to school, fall in love, get married. They don’t have to hunt at night. They might do it anyway because it is easier, but it’s not imperative.
I really did like the plot and this book could have been great, but I couldn't connect with the main character, Zoey. I could see how lots of people could really like this book- I just didn't like it as much as I had hoped. I did like Stevie Rae though. She really reminded me of a friend of mine.
Blackadder: "Baldrick. Do you mean, how did the Euro start?"
Y’all have a good day now. Toodles!
We are doing something different for his week's challenge at Joan's Gardens, We are planning a blog hop May 15th and are looking for 6 Guest Designers to participate.We are asking everyone who would like to be considered as a guest designer for the blog hop, to create a card or project that includes one or more flowers that you have created with either punches or dies. You will submit your entry in this week's challenge. You can create any type of flower/s you wish. There are no other requirements other than you will want to make your entry the prettiest you can make it. Selma and I will be selecting 6 of our favorite cards and those people will be ask to join us as guest designers for the blog hop on May 15. Each guest designer will be given a NEW set of dies to work with and the blog hop winner will win a great gift from our sponsor. Here is what you need to do for Joan's Gardens Weekly Challenge #15 ■Make a card or project which includes flowers using dies or punches ■Make your card/project the prettiest you can make You will have until next Thursday (April 26) morning 6:00 AM EST to link your project. You can enter more than once. The Guest Designer winners will be announced Friday April 27 and will be participating in the May 15 blog hop. Below are the guidelines:1. You must have a blog or post to the SCS gallery. 2. Post your challenge card to your blog. 3. Or if you are posting to the SCS gallery, you will need to use a special code to tag your card to the challenge. This week's code is JG0419 and needs to be posted with the challenge. 4. Link your card/project to the Blue Inlinkz icon listed at the bottom of the challenge. Important, please have a direct link to your challenge card and not to your blog address.Comments always appreciated. I love seeing your cards!
a gigantic orange globe of fire sink in seconds beneath the horizon
This was the surprise hit of the month. This sugar pickled garlic was delicious and was a huge hit with all my dinner guests, they absolutely loved it! Check out the recipe here.
Tools: circle die cut, butterfly punch
Split French rolls, and spread with butter. Bake 10 minutes, or until heated through.
Ekta Kapoor – the Lady with the Midas touch, the lady who changed the face of Indian Television, the multi-talented woman of substance who has enthralled millions of audiences with her saas-bahu dramas, changed the mindsets of the Indian audiences is all set to recreate history. Her passion for story-telling with a zing and her fancy for risk-taking has been proved to success stories earlier.
I decided to pair it with my new Primark trousers which I bought for cycling to work.
picnic
Colin scanned the paragraph. “Yeah. I think that might work. Thanks!”
It’s really frustrating when I write a long post & WordPress won’t separate any of the paragraphs!! It makes the post one huge run-on paragraph which makes it difficult to read.
I'll be getting the next book for sure.
I’ve also been thinking a lot about my older daughter’s approaching 4th birthday. Our closest star (other than Sol) is 4.24 light years away, so today I’ll start a draft of a scientific birthday poem. It may not be my most literary work, but here is what I have so far.
Hippie Hippie Hoorah by The Black Lips
* I used Green Tea paste with Green Tea Lotus filling
+ you prefer heavier coverage foundations
Increasing Segregation
Today isn’t my day. I always wake up in a rather good mood. I’m never hungry in the morning, no matter how long it’s been since the last time I ate. Even if I only slept for an hour I feel refreshed.
The whole area of small cultural maga­zines is, with a few exceptions, is virtually ignored by the major newspapers and radio programs which claim to have a cultural bent. SMAP attempted to change this, and for a short while perhaps it did. Even when the literary or cultural establishment does make a concerted effort to acknowledge the existence of literary journals, it is generally a very blinkered, conservative acknowl­edgement. A good example of this occurred a number of years ago when Books and writing introduced a regular literary maga­zine segment. Almost exclusively the reviewer concentrated on the established, Literature Board funded magazines like Meanjin, Island, Quadrant and Overland.
Plunge into the abyss at The Deep exhibition. Enter a weird and wonderful world, 11,000 metres down in the ocean, less explored than the moon's surface. See bizarre creatures, astonishing images and real specimens, some on display for the first time
What is your expectation? Do you expect your child to spend hours shopping with you? Do you expect them to be patient? Do you expect them to respect you and to know that you respect them? Children learn what we teach them, they also learn what our expectations are.
Creek. (cree-k)
Crammed into a place much smaller and more rustic than they are used to, they begin to get to know each other again. And Taylor discovers that the people she thought she had left behind haven’t actually gone anywhere. Her former summer best friend is suddenly around, as is her first boyfriend. . . and he’s much cuter at seventeen than he was at twelve.
as honors given out after battle,
Oh that I might have found the like, I wish it for no sin.
You can gather in two ways - by right-clicking on resource nodes as you wander around (those you can gather will show up on your-mini-map and glow), or by spending credits to send your crew on gathering missions.
A hive of honey bees.
Once the silver dried, I went back with some black craft paint that I watered down into a glaze, painted it on and dabbed it off with a piece of paper towel. It turned out looking just like zinc, with the texture from the leather! I love it!
Whisk together buttermilk, 2 tablespoons of the cilantro, fresh lime juice light sour cream, mayo, chili powder, salt, pepper, ground red pepper, and garlic.
Its Mediterranean Dialogue partners are Algeria, Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Mauritania, Morocco and Tunisia.
Look - here they are.
Have you ever visited ProTeacher.net? They have a Peony Meeting Room that addresses Daily 5 questions, comments, and inspiration from other teachers. ProTeachers.net is free to sign up and offers tons of other message boards on all things teaching.
Israeli flags
However, the LSWR did not employ accurate predictions of the capital expense required to realise the SDR's revenue generating potential. Like Channon argued regarding the Midland’s London extension in 1869, LSWR decision-makers’ knowledge of costs and revenues was too incomplete for accurate predictions of
Goodness I love the Tucson skies.
Very much so, and you hear it from everyone in heathenry. I agreed to work for Odin too, in a more limited fashion because of it. Stuff has to go through Loki first, but I will be working for the Devious Duo. (and yes, that’s what i call them)
Finally, this tutorial from www.alittleglassbox.com blew me away. Such a fun lampshade and a terrific use of zip ties. One of my favorite items from the hardware store.
Example 1:
Well, I'm really rambling now. I have precious few minutes before the kids wake up from naps, so I think I'll go fix myself a cup of coffee and sit in the quiet dark.
My emotional challenges thus far have mainly consisted of changing the way I see the world emotionally, as it’s many times not a reflection of reality, but merely an echo of my past. For example I often find myself feeling unwelcomed*, so I spent an entire day walking around feeling welcomed by people. It made a massive difference to how much I was enjoying life.
REMOVE brownies immediately from pan and let cool on rack
We’ve previously noted that Arnold Scaasi’s HSN fashion jewelry line is lovely and inexpensive. But Scaasi has the personality of crab on-air.
Then, as you approach the 30 degree upper slopes the levees disappear entirely. This following shot is from a couple of hundred meters below the summit. You’ll notice that you can see the flow in the middle distance, but it’s obscured in the foreground by scree (you might just make out a shallow leveed channel to the left – the paler channel to the right is a recent feature formed by meltwater flow).
Since I can now get everything but the avocado and lime from my garden, I have been making super chunky guacamole up a storm, and I am reposting the recipe from back in May! My favorite meal to eat it for is still breakfast, though I certainly don't have to be convinced to eat it an time of day! ;) ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Satellite Sisters: 5 real-life sisters, talking about their lives and bunches of other stuff, too.
As adults in the United States, we have a lot of choices. It's good that we have a lot of choices. It's all the choices that make me feel "safer and less anxious." Fewer choices would do the opposite for me. If you doubt that, I suggest you go to Saudi Arabia and talk to the women there about the driving situation. They do not feel "safer and less anxious" with the limit that prohibits them from driving. I just can't believe that limits on personal freedom, imposed and strictly enforced by others, make anyone (kids included) feel comfortable.
Darkness is an amphibian chapter in the cosmic crate
There was still a pretty decent turn-out to the second weekend of Coachella festival in California but not quite as many celebs as the first weekend.
…and I guffaw.
More than 450 years have passed. By now, Albrecht Durer’s hundreds of masterful portraits, pen and silver-point sketches, watercolors, charcoals, woodcuts, and copper engravings hang in every great museum in the world, but the odds are great that you, like most people, are familiar with only one of Albrecht Durer’s works. More than merely being familiar with it, you very well may have a reproduction hanging in your home or office.
1 plow
May 29th: Beach Wedding Card by Guest Artist Esther Peck
One gave the Joyful Women of the Cooroy Patches Biggest Morning Tea Group on the Sunshine Coast the job of knitting up seven Official Biggest Morning Tea Daffodil Cosies.
I loved reconnecting with slicers
If we, as Arabs and Muslims, condemned every operation targeting civilians anywhere, we would be able to demand that all parties – not only the U.S. – commit themselves to the same position. I condemn the Israeli governments for teaching children such things, but I do not condemn the child, who still doesn’t know how he will kill the Arabs in 20 years’ time, when he becomes a soldier. We should differentiate… These things lead us back to the root of the problem: Who is a civilian, and who is a soldier, who is being targeted, and who is targeting me? We must not include civilians in the list of military targets.
I guess this is a good way to find older coins, or at least to test the age of the vending machine.
Eastern White Pine (Pinus strobus), Buds. These are often called candles in the nursery trade. New Norway maple (Acer platanoides) leaves. More new maple leaves. I think the contrast between the leaves of the red maple (Acer rubrum ) shown here and those of the Norway maple in the previous photo is amazing.
E keeps trying to convince me that we need to send the pillow to our Compassion child Aom in Thailand. I love the sentiment, but I think I'll pass on the international shipping!
That brings on the other question of why do I write about what I do? The first and simple answer is I write about what interests me that causes me to think and dream, hoping that by sharing others will be inspired to think and dream. The second more complex reason and also perhaps the more profound is I really believe that human beings (both the individual and the community) should encourage and help one another not only to survive but to flourish. In each age there are unique problems and issues that stop us flourishing and make survival harder and then there are other things that seem to blind all of us regardless of what era we live in.
One more final quick note: That blue t-shirt is one of maybe 6 or 8 garments that I held on to from when I was my heaviest. The rest went to Goodwill in mid-August. I took a picture of everything I gave away before loading up my trunk – it was about 75% of my total wardrobe at the time!
-2 cups Bisquick
Cellulite is hard to get rid of.Its a combination of fat globules,waste matter and water trapped in connective tissues.
School paperwork is always a hot topic that I have gotten oodles of emails about, so if there are any other storage ideas or solutions that are working well for you, we would all heart to know!
9.IRON CROSS "Live For Now"
It looked like everything worked according to the script. The choreographer worked overtime at Temple Trees and executed his contract without any hassle.
Where do you think you have made the biggest buying mistake that has created orphans (clothes you do not wear) in your closet? I wanted to know if they felt these mistakes were when they bought the:
Me tales from way upstream, showed me the sticks
For as long as I can remember I've always had little bumps on my legs and backs of my arms (which is sometimes mistaken for goosebumps.) I've tried many scrubs and I use a rough sponge in the shower but nothing seems to really shift them. I've heard great things about this product, that it leaves skin silky smooth. Some claim its quite heavy duty and coarse, which I actually like the sound of. I also think it would be good to use before applying fake tan to help it appear more even, additionally, even, smooth skin also tans better in the sun!
P: Have a great trip!
John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2001 Northern Starlight (UR 6th); 2002 Smarty (PU 9th); 2003 Blowing Wind (8th); 2004 Shardam (UR 3rd);
Ein prosit, ein prosit die gemütlichkeit ... EINZ, ZWEI, DREI - SUFFA!
if that wasn't the case, maybe they would feel more reassuring.
I felt stronger on the trail yesterday than I have in the past, but I still had to stop twice for a quick breather. For those interested in checking out the Fox Creek Spur/Round House Loop, know that this trail is utilized by equestrians so the terrain is rather beat up from horse hooves. Quick, light feet is a must to navigate the ground.
In Psalm 1, the Bible teaches that there are two ways: the way of the righteous and the way of the wicked. Let me ask you three questions to help you think about which road you are traveling.
On Tuesday, I started a 21 Day Challenge with my friend, Nif. Usually she does a 10 day challenge starting the 10th of every month, but this month she decided to kick our butts a bit and do 21 days (or you could do the 10). I chose the 21 day.... yep, I'm crazy.
So anyways back to what I was getting at...my son gave me two tickets to see Bobby Curtola in concert here in PA. Now the decision -- who do I take.....so I asked my husband out on a date....and he accepted. Your probably wondering why I was shocked he accepted, well I wasn't sure if he would be interested in seeing Bobby Curtola as I wasn't sure if he like his music. So last night we had our date night....this was another celebration for anniversary. The concert was excellent. The band The Sensational Hot Rods - a 50's tribute band were fa-nominal, a lot of talent on stage last night. A big thank you to our son for getting us tickets to see an amazing Canadian Artist perform live.
Importantly, too, while Jake may get to do a few things better than the Na’vi, and while he gets the credit for leading the troops into victory, it’s Neytiri who saves him at the end. She saves him twice, in fact – first saving his avatar from the Colonel and then saving his human form from oxygen starvation.
Tying in-world publications to e-publications to me is where the magic lies. Always aware of relevance, the eye to pacing content has to be modularly approached across a variety of media. Presentations become more condensed, smaller in selections, and faster in delivery. Promotion then becomes more frequent; events scaled to niche markets or different themes.
We go to GI clinic on Thursday, and then we are going out of town for four days. We are going to visit some friends we haven't seen in a while. It will be SO nice to get away for a bit! I can't wait. We have told Emily that she is NOT allowed to relapse, as we have vacation plans! :)
Matcha is a fine, powdered green tea, mostly used in Japanese tea ceremony, but also incorporated in pastries, desserts, drinks, and soba. Because of its potent substance, the taste is very grassy, thus an acquired taste for some people. I personally enjoy the bitterness, but one could add sugar to temper with the sweet level. Matcha itself has a rich supply of antioxidants, so it is definitely a popular ingredient pastry chefs are untilizing for an Asian flare, but also for its nutrition benefits.
To put it bluntly, we as a group (a) seek to remind the readers of these tabloids that they are being lied to on a regular basis, (b) will attempt to call their owners and editors to account where possible/appropriate, and (c) aim to chip away at their circulation in the process by the devilish means of repeatedly exposing their fraud... when we each have a few minutes.
Yay! I hope you are all able to take advantage of this offer!
Steve Harrison was a detective character created by pulp fiction writer Robert E. Howard, a stalwart of Weird Tales magazine and compatriot of H.P. Lovecraft. Harrison's beat on River Street in some unnamed West Coast metropolis leads him into a number of bizarre cases, three of which are chronicled here.
Now Gisli goes to the isle with eleven men. Meantime Skeggi had come to the isle and staked out the lists for Bard, and laid down the law of the combat, and after all saw neither him nor any one to fight on the isle in his stead. There was a man named Fox, who was Skeggi’s Smith; and Skeggi bade Fox to carve likenesses of Gisli and Bard: “And see,” he said, “that one stands just behind the back of the other, and this laughingstock shall stand for aye to put them to shame.”
I don't have any gluten allergies, and word on the street is that some gluten free foods really dont taste that great. These soups are DIVINE! Better than any frozen soup I have ever had. Far better than cans of soup!
Excellent digital radio broadcast.
The problem with hiding your sins is that they always come back. Just when you think some have atoned for past transgressions, a once-pure Prince can't help but commit a new one.
I have a confession: last week, before I went off the edge of a cliff and decided to rant about my mid-year wardrobe assessment, I bought exactly two pairs of shoes which culminated in my actually falling off the edge of aforementioned cliff. The shoes I bought were another pair of Dieppa Restrepo Calis in black (from Totokaelo on sale), and the gorgeous Hope Chy Boots per Mommy Style. In effect, I got rid of two other pairs of shoes and a bunch of clothes at the consignment store which sort of covered a meagre fraction of the new shoes. Not that it's any excuse, but I think we shall move beyond this and resume shoe shopping only next year, no?
★ 12月27日 Golden Bomber (17:00)
RILEY: Okay, it's really important that you shut up until further notice.
Kicking off the summertime season are firecracker new products arriving to the Wild Creations website! Three new products, that have proved popular on their own, are now ready to purchase on our online store.
toasted sesame seeds
So, I added this boring striped contact paper to my pantry and got this challenge all done and then I saw the prettiest pantry EVER at House of Smiths, and I HAD TO DO SOMETHING! I hated the dark brown shelves and our pantry is so dark anyway. I had to piece together the bottom shelf contact paper because I ran out, I just wasn't happy with it. I shopped around for some solution to a pretty pattern on the background/walls. I knew I didn't want to take the time or expense to do what my inspiration pantry owner had done, so the hunt for the green contact paper with the white scroll design began. Yes, like Toni's.
Guest designers will be chosen at random.
We started with a few exterior updates last fall, and
Ribbon - Local craft shop
I went to take a look at it again on Thursday afternoon, expecting the worst.
happy weekend :)
A whole book about me! It’s based on a file of notes found in the office of Professor Miriam Carter after her mysterious disappearance at her final lecture in 1939, when apparently she took a small sliver of unicorn horn and ground it into a fine powder using secret ingredients to make a potion. She drank the frothing potion, and… well, you'll have to get hold of the book to find out what happened next.
I think winter has finally lost it's grip in Trondheim. We were still getting snow flurries at the beginning of last week but the sun came out the last 2 days and I think we may have actually hit 50F today. Whoopee! I ran a few miles with just a t-shirt on and I don't think I have done that since last October.
So there I was, a kid who’d just been caught playing with the dress-ups in the vain anticipation of testing out some scene from an action heroine book and thinking…..
Expanding on the point above, this book was also a required text. Sexton's poetry isn't exactly of the uplifting variety so it's more likely that I'll be reading it on the beach in the day time rather than by the camp fire at night but it's got a lot to it so will give me something to think about.
c. When I sin, I despise the wisdom of God and His Word (2 Samuel 12:9-10). I will refer to this when we celebrate the Lord’s Table. It is important for you and me as believers to realize that when we sin, it is because we despise God’s wisdom. A couple of weeks ago, I mentioned that He is God and we are not. When I sin as a believer, it is usually because I feel I know better than God does.
When you are consistently freezing meals you need to make sure you are using the right products. I prefer to use Ziplock Gallon bags when I am putting together my meals. It is not necessary to use the name brand but it is essential to make sure you at least get freezer bags that are meant for freezing and that have the double seal.
Spear burgers with a toothpick to hold all the layers together.
I also added white pen stitch marks & doodle dots to some of the other cuts to add interest.
World Yacht sets sail on Mother’s Day with cruises for the whole family. Choose from a brunch cruise with buffet or a dinner cruise with a four-course meal and dancing. Cruises depart from Pier 81 (West 41st Street and Hudson River) and include a close-up look at the Statue of Liberty. Availability limited.
Wore it for a few years.
Like the...
Muy unfortunate.
Taking the same situation and moving the camera to one side gives a different feel. Now the guest is much more prominent and becomes the main focus. The interviewer can face the camera at the beginning and end of the interview, but not usually during. This leaves the interviewer with profile framing so your 1-shots will be reserved for the guest. From time to time you can zoom out to a 2-shot, then back in to the guest.
And lest I forget - Happy Independence Day to all Americans. And Happy Birthday to my mother!
Thursday night our Miss Minnesota's Outstanding Teen (MMOT) made us very proud by winning the prelim Evening Gown and On Stage question award! The first time MMOT has won a prelim at Miss America's Outstanding Teen. We decided that it would be better if we didn't try to get Cooper to sit through two nights of pageants so we went to dinner and waited the results. We were told that for great seafood we should try Big Fin restaurant. It was wonderful. I had lobster scampi pasta and Kevin had a seafood combination of snow crab, crayfish grits and veggies. Best meal of the trip!
Alas, difficulties loomed! For starters, she slept with this one guy. However, she told me he meant nothing to her and would probably break up with him soon as she got the air conditioning, driver's side power window, and CD player fixed on her Buick Enclave and so wouldn't have to borrow his Mustang all the time. That filled me with hope. She then revealed that she had a two-year old daughter. I asked if the guy she slept with was the father. She said she didn't think so. I was naturally relieved to hear that. Still, if me and Sonya were to get married, it would mean I would have to raise the daughter as my own. Would I be up to the challenges of parenthood? I needed to know the answer.
So. The moral of the story? If you're a klutz, avoid crossing/ jumping/ walking over barriers of any sort.
SH: She's completely in love with her husband.
-There is a shady government initiative setting all this up and putting them in this scenario. The reasons for this become apparent later. The REAL reason for this was that it is an excuse for a cold, exterior eye to dispassionately appraise the goings on. Cue every bit of Wheedon based wise-cracking you can muster: Oh so referential, oh so post-modernist, lots of fourth wall breaking, pompous bubble bursting, if you have seen Buffy or any Wheedon written/created fare you know the drill. As such, whilst this produces some funny lines, this wears thin about an hour or so in when it actually just becomes the very horror movie it is attempting to parody, cynical wise cracking suits notwithstanding.
This recipe is being featured!
It began on July 14, 1934. That day the San Francisco Labor Council pushed by radicalized rank-and-file workers declared a General Strike, and this led to four days of intense class struggle, the likes of which has rarely if ever been seen in this country. The aim of the General Strike was to support the port’s longshoremen who had been striking with other longshoremen up and down the coast from Seattle and Portland to San Pedro since early May — and joined by unions for the merchant seamen — for a coast-wide contract, a union-controlled hiring hall, reduced working hours, and a wage increase. Faced off against them was a common front of the cities’ big business communities, the mayors, a competing company-aligned union, sell-out national union officials, and the right-wing Hearst-owned newspapers. Two members of the International Longshoremen’s Association (ILA) had been shot to death by the San Francisco police on July 5th, “Bloody Thursday,” during a pitched day-long battle between thousands of workers and hundreds of cops to stop strikebreaking trucks from going into the docks. The solemn and dramatic mile-long funeral procession for the two men was attended by thousands of dockyard and shipboard workers, their supporters, and onlookers. But the Governor of California had subsequently called out the National Guard who came armed with machine guns to reopen the docks and provide protection for the scabs, thus endangering the strike.
Natalie and Ben Felker of THE FERVOR will be starting the party off right. The party starts at 6:30 p.m. and goes until 9:30 p.m.
For his class party, I made vanilla cupcakes (using the same recipe as his Superman cake), and topped it with a swirl blue cream cheese frosting. I also initially wanted to fill the cupcakes with strawberry whipped cream, but I ran out of time and dropped that idea when it was about 1am and I wasn't done making the cupcakes yet!
1877-1878: “Wholesale dry goods, notions, boots, shoes, groceries, wines, liquors and cigars.”
How can we best describe these two individuals whose plot was found out? The answer is: they are rebels. These two men were trying to lay hands on the king, which would mean that they were trying to kill him.
She was a pretty little curly-haired Welsh girl with a bizarre home life, a former carnival queen who was now living in east London with a uni friend we heard about endlessly. The more I got to know her and more I got to hear about their leisure activities the more I got to wondering: was she a lesbian?
But it’s nice just staying at home too. We’re getting plenty of use out of the bar and we hooked up satellite TV for movies and games and stuff. There’s a neat little market just down the road with fresh local produce—eggs and cheese too—so we often just get stuff there and veg out all day after a big breakfast or late lunch.’
Tactics as a driver: You *can* ram as a mongoose but the kill would be a lucky one. Mongoose are good to get you to the battle fast but don’t rush into a skirmish while driving one as you are supremely exposed. Be warned when carrying a flag bearer et al.: they slow down the mongoose in addition to making it drastically top heavy and prone to tipping.
The iPod is connected into the car stereo in some mystical way and has thousands of tracks to choose from, yet I get Norah Jones as a sort of default setting.
I worried it would be messy, but we did it next to the sink and clean up was really easy.
By Don Graham
A solid winter warmer, not the best but well worth the try.
“The Valencia County Sheriff’s Department said it is willing to meet with the group to discuss options, but Forest said the community is tired of waiting and wants action.”
Apart from the clothes on the racks and on the shelves in the boutiques and stands, the young men and women do southern Italian fashion very differently from what us Americans associate with “Italian fashion.”
Online Play: Mario Tennis Open players can compete and cooperate in local wireless matches with other opponents and play exhilarating games. Players can also build up their Open Match standings, check the monthly leaderboard and win Victory Medals from every challenger they defeat.
Let tonight change that. Know that wherever you go, you could call it what you wish, but there is an entourage with you. It’s so difficult for me to explain soul fragmentation, for it sounds like a negative thing, but it’s beautiful. There’s always three of you all the time, wherever you go. Oh, there are actually more, but three represents the main group. One of them is the Higher-Self, which is your core. How can I explain the Higher-Self? It is the core, you. It is the part of you that vibrates higher. It is not above you, but rather it is in you, and this higher vibrating “you” opens a portal that is literally a connection and a handshake to Spirit. And that’s you. So that’s number one.
James cocked an eyebrow. His younger sister Emma smoothed the front of her new blue dress as her snapping brown eyes challenged him to respond. “And what would ya have to make fun of if I were a handsome man, Emma?” he countered with a laugh. “Zanna thinks I’m downright perfect, ya know.”
3. Park, The
My thanks to Abingdon Press for providing me a copy of this book to read and review. The review and views in this review are mine only. I was not required or expected to write a positive review.
As a resident of Lexington, KY, I will never be a University of Kentucky fan, but I will support my city. Last night Lexington, had something to be proud of, their team won a National Title for them and is bringing it home. It was a great time for Lexington and really was a great show of emotion, heart, soul, etc for the team and city. It was when fans go bananas and some of them ruin it for others.
Splash extra virgin olive oil
Q021) How do the members reconcile after they have a fight?
It takes place in a not-so-distant futuristic United States where most people spend the bulk of their time in OASIS, which is a virtual on-line world. Think virtual reality helmets, only cooler.
- Turkey
The Sumner GH2T Gantry lift consists of 3 main components: two A-frames and a cross beam. A-frames lock in folded position using plunger pins and feature a removable quick action locking pin. Adjustable lifting handle allow height adjustments to be made in 6-inch (15 cm) increments. Each A-frame has two 8-inch (200 mm) lockable casters and weighs 113 lbs (51 kg) with casters. The trolley features a set screw that holds it in place during assembly and weights approximately 15 lbs (6.8 kg). Cross beams come in seven sizes (8, 10, 12 and 15 foot; 3, 4 & 5 meter) and feature two span adjustments on either end of 13-inches (33 cm) as well as nylon carrying handles.
Recently I got to know Sibylle Baier from my girlfriend, and I'm interested in female singer-songwriters. Oh, I love The Clientele and Stereolab so madly.
Now, I'm a firm believer that spanking should be in a parent's tool kit/arsenal of parenting. In fact, my 7-yr old just got two spankings yesterday morning.
The photo chosen for your bit of inspiration this week is:
People, even more than things, have to be restored,
For example, when Katniss kisses her hand and does a three finger salute, this was a very poignant scene in the movie…but I think it was more so for the people who had read the book because we knew the background behind the action. Movie Watchers just saw it as a tribute to a fallen comrade but they didn’t realize the implications that action could have. I guess they will probably specify that in the coming movies, but who knows!
As Australia moves north, away from its southern roots, it’s easy to forget that it was once part of a greater southern land, ages ago in the distant past. The breakup of Gondwana, Australia’s ancestral home changed the present in ways we can still see, feel and understand. The Earth has the climate it does because of the fridge in the south - if Antarctica was ice free, the world would be a very different place. For Australia it has been 80 million years of movement, heading north. Antarctica, the stay at home member of the southern family, was isolated from its brothers and sisters as they started to wander the globe. And in its isolation it sat, surrounded by an encircling ocean, growing colder, colder and colder. Sail west at 40 degrees south and you could keep going until to you return to where you started. A merry-go-round of sea and salt, wind and waves. The white of the continent cools the air and drives weather systems that echo around the world. Many ocean currents have their birth in the cold waters of the Antarctic; the push of cold saline waters drives the water around the world. So, how is the white continent linked to the red one? Hobart - the southern-most of the state capitals – no further from the coast of Antarctica than it is from Fremantle. And the waters of the Southern Ocean lap along the south coast of Australia. Sitting near the end of this southern boundary is Melbourne, the largest city in the world on an east/west shoreline. Our weather is pushed by pressure systems born in the Antarctic boundary zone. They bring cold in the winter and refreshing cool in the summer.
Current school assignments for the neighborhood are: McKee Road Elementary, J.M. Robinson Middle and Providence High School.
They used to use urine to tan animal skins, so families used to all pee in a pot and then once a day it was taken and sold to the tannery. If you had to do this to survive you were 'piss poor' but worse than that were the really poor folk who couldn't even afford to buy a pot they 'didn't have a pot to piss in' and were considered the lowest of the low.
Ordinarily I would have had to buy a wagon to haul that many books around with me, including two dictionaries, and not have 3G access. With the Kindle, or any other brand of eBook, no matter how many books you have, it still weighs the same.
For the first time in the 20-year history of the PPP the Executive Presidents, Prime Minister and entire cabinet and all the others who suppressed, distressed, obsessed, repressed and stressed the Guyanese people as a deliberate policy to keep them powerless while they wielded more power, will have to sneak back to work and find creative ways and means to retro-fit the nation and lift the sinking ship as a result of the joint opposition being able to craft a budget that is forward looking, progressive, plural and without fat. The joint opposition has been able to shave off approximately 22 billion dollars from pet projects especially near and dear to the heart of Presidents Jagdeo and Ramotar. The party is over literally and metaphorically.
Think of your life as a marriage to yourself. Right now, I've fallen out of love with me, and I'm thinking about divorce. Perhaps I should try a trial separation. I have this overwhelming sense that it's time for me to go, and that I'll never find myself stuck where I am.
GAUTENG'S Department of Community Safety spent at least R19 million on the annual rental of patrol cars for the SAPS and Gauteng Traffic Department.
We have a situation in Burma, where we are begging and bargaining with corrupt generals to let us save their people.The generals are telling us they will let us save their people for 3 billion dollars.
Hey You Guys,
I was a dupe, but others close to me
Starting weight: 145
In that ENTIRE AISLE................ ENTIRE STORE ! ! ! "
As for the full length works, The Billionaire Wins the Game was not my favorite of this bunch. Joseph decided it was time his sons got married and he planted his choice for daughter-in-law #1 as Lucas’ assistant. Instant attraction between Lucas and Amy. They fight it. They act on it and are careless resulting in a baby. He thinks she’s out to trap him, yet she would prefer to raise the baby without him. He’s insecure when it comes to women, thinking they are after his fortune so he comes across as a bully. Just as things get better between them, he gets caught in a compromising position although he is really innocent. Of course, there is eventually a resolution and a HEA. I truly think the thing that turned me off to this story was the fact that Lucas was a big fat bully. Plain and simple. There are three more books in the Billionaire Bachelors series and I don’t know that I want to continue on.
So… We could choose any set we wanted and I had a bunch of sets in my top three, and this is one of them: Egg-stra Special. I just LOVE the illustrations and the girl is too cute! I used to think it was more of an easter set, but the sentiments are not holiday related, they’re just cute! So here’s my card:
We also have some NZ Cascade arriving which I have never brewed with before, but I'm expecting a similar outcome as US Cascade that we all know & love.
No, I’m quite sure it isn’t any single one of those things, but when these three things come together, as they tend to do over the holidays, I do find myself getting a little jittery and looking forward to the time when everyone goes back to school/college/work and things get back to normal.
Check his video reel out:
But remember: Information is not knowledge.
even a year ago
MB: Are there any other Mozart roles you are keen to play, whether now or in the future? Perhaps something from one of his earlier works?
Let’s come back to Collins’s problem. Though I haven’t read the story (it being an unpublished manuscript and all), simply the fact that she can remove the gay romance without it affecting the plot too much makes me believe that she’s written one of these stories, the ones where being gay doesn’t provide conflict and rather is just how it is..
start blowing leaves...
The meaning, impact and uses of watches have greatly transformed from what they were in the past. Today, watches have got several new meanings and uses which makes them extremely important accessories. You can find endless choices in watches which makes buying the one according to your need and liking much easier.
I sing the song because I love the man
Last evening I did talk to my dad, and it didn’t go so well, but these days I can’t put any effort into our sniping at each other. It seems like I’m doing it on rote. When he tries to play the Father, and get me to do stuff, I can’t really find the energy to object.
I haven't been posting lately here, as I have been laid up with kidney stones since June 6th. Yep, another horrible June 6th, not as bad as last year though.
Halve the leeks lengthwise, slice crosswise into 1/2" pieces. Transfer to a large bowl filled with cold water and let stand until dirt and sand falls to the bottom. Rinse thoroughly and drain in a colander. Trim and core the cabbage, slice in half and slice into 1/4" ribbons and half crosswise. Halve potatoes and cut into a 1/2" dice. Halve turnips and cut into a 1/2" dice.
She was speaking figuratively, of course. There are very few humans whose spines are flexible enough to kiss their own behinds, and I’d be very surprised if Dolly could get within 12 inches at her age. Thankfully, a singer of her rare and extraordinary genius will never have to attempt this inelegant feat to entertain her adoring fans.
It ended up here. The top of the dresser is still in progress, but you get the gist. Ideally I would like to ony have the laundry basket live up there and everything else be cleared. Ideally. Right now it holds storage bins, rain boots, etc.
Get out and check out the trail this weekend before it’s too hot!
honest about how scummy he really is
Exciting NEWS today from SCACD---three NEW Stamps are being released!!
Good-by Penny Illusion
Sooner or later the same rules apply to all of us.
Jason Aaron's scripts for Scalped discuss poverty is a way which few comics have ever thought to. He's clearly far too smart to swallow crass situationalist theories which reduce individuals to mindless victims of class structures, but he's also no interest in perpetuating the politically-convenient, hand-washing myth that the right sort of folks will always find a way to work themselves out of the worst of circumstances. From the very first chapter of Indian County, Aaron and his artistic collaborator R.M. Guera make it absolutely clear that life on the Prairie Rose Indian Reservation presents its inhabitants with deprivations which can't be wished away or conquered with nothing more than a willingness to work hard matched to godly good thinking. The Reservation is a monster of oppression and exploitation which exists beyond anyone's capacity to substantially reform, let alone redeem, without their first committing the most appalling of acts. Though the pages of Scalped show us a number of women and men who are working to make their community as good a place as they can to live in, the spine of the tale always emphasises that the Reservation has been established and maintained in such a way that its people can only at the very best survive there. In that, Scalped very much isn't a comic book concerned with the usually comforting pablum of how the individual can rise above the world if only they fight hard enough, if only they're true to this principle or that. Instead, it seems to be Aaron's purpose to discuss how the choices before his characters are framed by forces which are largely, and despite their very best efforts, beyond their control. They can attempt to wrestle sense and advantage out of the world that they've through no fault of their own been condemned to, but the cost of doing so is always exhausting and appalling.
LEGGINS & BOOTS: SLink ~ Vixen Catsuit ~ Black (leggings and boots)
I've longed for this. For a long time I have felt like a prisoner trapped into a life caused by choices I made when I was not really capable of making good decisions. And now I am free. Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose. I don't have anything left to lose and I am free now... free now to indulge my hippy soul and find something organic, to do something in which who I am is flowing out of me instead of blocked. I can find my life's work. I actually believe in God again...okay....Godess.
But there's a new kid in town. Rich with colorful detail, amazing animation, witty and clever storytelling, charming characterization, delightful humor throughout and an absolutely lovely story that will entertain children for many, many years - meet Arthur Christmas:
My mom drove her new car down to our house on Friday night so she could be there in the morning to get all dolled up for the big event. We painted our fingers and toes green, had our t-shirts, hats, tattoos, beads and green hair spray all laid out when we went to bed...with thoughts of leprechauns dancing through our heads.
Noriyuki Sugie (Breadbar LA) Canapé
The huge collection, topped up by the auction of a “Griffin 10” T-shirt and other sought-after items, will enable South Birmingham BNP to fight three parliamentary seats in its region. The large amount of cash raised means that the other parties will now see a determined BNP challenge.
Our youngest will be sharing crazy straws with her class. No homemade cards for her, grandma gave her Tinker Bell cards. :( Our oldest is making her own cards and just for her BFFs. she loves embossing so I am sure her cards will be beautiful! I only have hubbies card to make. I am also planning to make him a cheese cake. YUM! Have a great V-day!
And I think I may erase this pretty soon after I put it up.
I know many of you probably think I've vanished from the blogging world or hacked by FB. But I've been here, just overwhelmed with no crafty and life. This time of year I think is just cursed for me, I swear. It seems for the last 5 yrs. from Feb. to May nothing goes right for me. Whats that saying when something goes wrong it all goes wrong. I do apologize and everyday, I think, I need to get online and post something and my day just flies by. Just like the other day I started this blog post and started getting wordy and lengthy and just sputtering and whining and thought this is not what i want to post and took a break. Well, I never got back to the post til today. Between phone calls, emails, appts., physical therapy, napping (alot) and sleeping (which during the night not so much hence lots of naps) there just isn't enough productive hours in the day.
I do not mean in any way, shape or form that these are Sweet Baby James, Jackson Browne confessional diary-type songs that can be used as sleep aids. Nick has always taken the time to write interesting lyrics with a personal slant, he still has a lot of muscular guitar riffs flying around on these songs; they just seemed to get compacted into a shorter structure. The two cd North Circular is the high water mark to these ears, with New River Head not far behind. Some of these riffs during this period wouldn’t have sounded out of place on a Dinosaur Jr. cd for an American reference, but Saloman’s words (Stars Burn Out) and vocal delivery take him way above other talented three chord masters. The song “New River Head” shows just how far Nick has come, lyrically and melodically.
Of course the main reason for all this was to fundraise and as well as having a donation booklet there was a raffle that also matched the theme which was a hamper full of cupcake goodies. There was also information sheets to take home about "where the money goes" done up in cute little scrolls.
Day 2 in Kyoto started at 5am with the sun ?, no the daylight, coming through the skylight directly over my head, thus ending a not great night’s sleep. Then at 6am, deep, beautiful bell gongs calling the monks (?) to meditation (I think). We had picked up some yogurt last night and I went out and bought a rice ball and that was breakfast. At 9 I went to the Zen meditation class and the tour of the inner temple where we are staying (Shunko-in). Those should be the first pictures in the slide show. This complex was built by a former emporer who was ‘forced’ into retirement in his 20′s – didn’t get that story. His name was Hanazono. I’ll have to look into that. Anyway, he was quite studious and very interested in zen meditation and philosophy so he had a summer residence and temple to practice in built here.
Okay, so I was all in pain with the mysterious back/hip problem. That pretty much lasted a whole month. I never went to a doctor, just kind of waited for it to go away, which it finally seems to have done. Now I just feel rather blah bad, not like really bad, which I guess is mostly normal for me now.
Only one more street and I’ll be home.
As we head into Talladega this weekend, I was reminded by a friend that we are heading into the house that the Earnhardt’s built, and I should remember that Junior has won there 5 times! I had to politely go back and remind the friend that the past wins came in cars that were manufactured by Dale Earnhardt Incorporated, an organization that lived and died for plate racing. Since the younger Dale moved to the house of Hendrick, the wins at the super speedways haven’t been so easy to come by. The cars aren’t as good, the rules have changed, and Junior has changed.
“Can someone verify they saw you at the restaurant?”
Tommy Williams is a thug and a bully !
Virginia Standards of Learning 2.6
Even with all the local bands that I talk to on a regular basis, I had not heard of Liquid Blonde, one of the bands on the bill. They seemed to have characteristics like Powerman 5000 and Orgy. Their look is a little bit futuristic/punk while their sound incorporates electro type beats with heavy rock. Maybe there's a rap-rock revival on the horizon because a couple of their songs had that vibe. I just Googled them as I write this and see that their tag line is "Electro-Sci-Fi Rock Orgy" so I wasn't far off. Their drummer is jacked bigger than any of the WWE Superstars and I think they had a topless keyboardist, so there's that.
Where to find Rebirth of a Nation:
"HRNNNNNNNNNNNNG!" The moan echoed through the bathroom.
But in the reality that follows (the week) they usually don’t think on this at all.
I’m not sure, because sad to say, truth and history are truly two different things.
“You and not being confrontational. Though I don’t think anyone who worked with you yesterday can say that you don’t have teeth. I’d tell you to tone it down but I know you can’t which of course is leading into the frustration, which is irritating you more because you don’t have control over your own body and you hate it when you have mood swings that have nothing to do with repressed memories and everything to do with hormones.”
I've told the truth, I didn't come to fool you
Checked the birds catching the early words on Twitter.
Sirianni noted that Google has set the trend in communications and collaboration leader with other major providers rushing to create similar offerings. Some of the many benefits of Google Gmail include the seamless provisioning of upgrades and continual improvement of the offering and services. This transition will put the University on a single messaging platform for all students, faculty, staff and alumni for the first time in Fordham’s modern history.
The next job on the list was the pantry...It is pretty organised but I really just wanted to go through all of it and check expiry dates and boy was I mortified about one of them. Obviously I have not gone through my spices for quite some time. This chicken seasoning was from my husbands bachelor days.
26Then Joshua had them put to death, hanging them on five trees, where they were till evening.
”Black Lagoon” its special to me cause its my first one, my anime adventure begin with Black Lagoon and thanks the god for that ^_^ , a golden one with violance, drama, action, mafia, pirates and hot bad ass chicks with gun! Our heroes “Black Lagoon” crew is a pirate group so we are the bad guys here -_^ police is rotten the core, people is lookin’ other way when someone killed, they are livin’ a city of sin.
Thus, another weekend of movie-watching comes to an end—and a pretty fruitful one, all in all. I haven't even gotten around to my big DVD discovery of the weekend! What is it, you may be wondering? You'll just have to check in here later in the week and find out, won'tcha?
This just doesn’t really make much sense to me. It’s almost like the county is trying to get back at me for having it lowered last year. Thing is, I WANT the land to be most of the value. Houses degrade; land doesn’t generally (barring a mudslide).
Are you guys ready for an exciting challenge??
I know that all the groups of people I’ve ever been in have taught me what was cool, or what was interesting, or how to act or laugh or react to failure or accomplishment. I’m proudly the product of all the people I’ve ever known.
An example is a call made by a female who was upset for picking up a child after she fell over, and her mother running over and shouted ‘get off’ to the female stranger. The female stranger rang in because she was ‘very upset’ and ‘in shock’. What? Hang on? You go over to a strangers child and pick her up, her mother tells you to ‘get off’ and you call the police because you are in shock?? Really??? Or another call when someone rings in because the next door neighbours cat has poo’d in your garden? Or we get a call because their child has broken the telly but you need a number for social services to replace the 54″ tv as its ‘essential’ ? *shakes head and looks to the floor*.
Each tenants and merchants need to be clear concerning the agreement they draft prior to they take this agreement. No Deposit Home offers pros and cons with regard to each side. Retailers who’ve currently obtained a house will have respite from having to pay 2 mortgages at the same time, and in a pokey housing industry with lots of properties for sale, this can be their utmost option. Clients that cannot however pay for a house might be able to obtain one more quickly.
What harbors of the world do you find most scenic and which would you like to see? I’d love to see Sydney Harbor.
1/2 vanilla bean or 2 tsp vanilla bean paste
Fate had never been happy with the outcome because he had known. The difference being, of the three angels, their wings surrounding them, encasing them, that Fate spoke to me.
2. The Washington Post newspaper wrote this:
Anton Chaitkin, “Franklin Witnesses Implicate FBI and U.S. Elites in Torture and Murder of Children”, The New Federalist, 1993
On the sewing front, I don't seem to have accomplished much lately. Crocheting was good while we had grandchildren to mind, as it was portable and required little concentration. We had our daughter's four lovely children for three days last weekend. We are so proud of our daughter - her sculpture was chosen to be shown at the Rob McNamara Exhibition, so she and her husband went to Melbourne for the opening of the exhibition. You can see some of her fabulous work here.
(I would definitely start putting things away immediately!).
And then comes this great story about Schlitz beer from Copyblogger. Back in the ’20s, a writer was hired to help the company improve its market position. He toured the brewery where he was shown all the steps the company takes to ensure the purity of their product, from filtration to sterilization to the fresh water they use.
Fashion Engagement shoot with Joe DeFabis on the grounds of beautiful French Lick
- Insurance companies will be subject to a tax on each high-end insurance plan (so-called “Cadillac” plans) they offer
For example, a 50-minute run could be broken up into 10-minute segments. The first 10 minutes and the last 10 minutes are a warm-up and cool-down. During the middle section would be 10 minutes at goal pace, 10 minutes easy and another 10 minutes at goal pace.
You might be right. But at least I admit it.
Life events have just not allowed me to blog much over the last month, and I have really missed it. Hubby has taken the three boys hiking for the day and I'm enjoying some much needed time alone. So, I though I would start catching you up by sharing photos of my dining room all ready for guests yesterday. The sun was shining, temperatures were in the 70's and it simply couldn't have been more beautiful! With the sun streaming through, I had a little trouble getting some shots in before everyone arrived.
Here's a map of the local area, with the photo span marked in red.
Pollack grabbed him by the shoulders and shook him. “What the hell was that, boy?”
Menu consists of:
About 3-4 ounces fresh morels
The disciples had just finished eating the Passover meal for the last time as a ritual of expectation. The ritual which had been observed by God’s people for thousands of years, was on that night about to give way to reality. Anyone who knows me knows that I am quite passionate about the beauty of the Old Testament Law. The Law, in all its rituals and holiness, gives a profound theological blueprint of the king and kingdom God promised his people. And what struck me so forcefully in my study this week is the tragedy of what Mark is describing. Despite all the immense detail in the Law, and the centuries of preparation and instruction of God’s people—even having all the riches of the Hebrew Scriptures for all those ages leading up to that moment—when the night came for the actual atonement to occur, no one—not one single person—stood with Jesus. Despite all that preparation, even Peter utterly denied him. How very tragic.
This week was also the first week of wearing a new pair of sunglasses, a really, really expensive pair of sunglasses. My last pair was a $30 pair off one of those round sunglasses spiny thing. When I bought that I couldn’t believe I was spending so much for them but I wore them 3 years so all in all a good investment.
Not all books are available in ePub format, but there is a lot of variety. My Kobo came with 100 free books and I received a coupon for two new books. The 100 free books are mostly classics from the Gutenberg project, or as I heard on a radio show a few weeks ago “all the books that you never wanted to read in high school”. There are actually some pretty good classics, such as Bram Stoker’s “Dracula”, Jane Austen’s most popular books and “War and Peace” by Tolstoy. But if you already had to read these in high school or would like to read something newer, you’ll have to pay anything from $0.99 to over $25.
Performing DB Maintenance (Consistency Check, Index Rebuilt, Update Statistics, Database Shrink, etc.)
For years and years we have been taught about how fortunate we are, living in cities with clean water and all the food we can eat. And in contrast, how poorly some parts of the world is doing.
At least this year we have it set up before Christmas Eve.
It took us hours to work out where they had been taken! And then i realised that they were taken in november 06.After more than 3 months of living at the hospital Dan had only been home a week when Candlelighters (A cancer charity at jimmys) Offered Dan a weeks holiday at one of their chalets in brid! Dan really wanted to go. My other half being self employed couldn’t come for the week as he had to work, so close to Christmas i wondered if we could even afford it..In the 3 months that i had lived at the hospital with Dan ,i alone spent £2000 ! and it all went on food ect…buying alsorts of ‘crap’ to try and just get Dan to eat. My OH spent a fortune in petrol driving to leeds and back every day.
If anyone needs any help with wedding accessories let me know!
Now please don’t understand, I am not complaining. God has been faithful to meet all my needs, always every time. More than anything I wrestle with balance. How do I balance my need to create, my calling to do this ministry with the realities of everyday life? Have you been in this place?
Here is a child’s typical menu request at say McDonald’s.
I began googling "What exactly does a doula do? What does a midwife do? Which should I be? How do I do any of this? Am I crazy? " Google stopped answering me but God continued to lead me out on the water.
Guaranteed to provide preemptive forgiveness should a godless liberal accidentally get in yer way
My purpose here isn’t to weigh in as for or against this or any other proposition (for the record, I will be voting against it), but rather to address the argument that those who do not take the time to get informed should not vote. The predicted turnout for this election is characteristically low with estimates as dismal as only one third of those registered taking the time to cast a ballot. I am also not going through an exercise that argues the much-trumpeted call that those who do not vote have no right to complain. Comedian George Carlin turned this argument upside down, but I would argue that every citizen who is affected by the laws of our land has the right to complain – it is, in fact, a constitutional right. But I do believe that voting, even if “uninformed,” is a sacred responsibility and that the daunting amount of propaganda should not be a deterrent – there are many avenues to getting informed.
My voice of frustration from early Cata days:
Telephone (Landline or mobile) 63.2%
ADRIENNE- I enjoy Adrienne's blog. My favorite post are the ones that includes recipes and sewing projects.
“Edward. Corliss.” Grayson greeted them solemnly as he shook hands with Edward.
The answer is found within the Godhead. The Father, Son, and Spirit have this incredible fellowship that is flowing continuously like a river (see John chapters 14-17). The way that They relate to one another is the model for all church life and discipleship. We are being conformed to that image. The community life and love that are shared inside of the Triune God are the exact same life and love to be shared inside the church (see John 17).
Sagina subulata, probably
Freddie Mac executive Anthony Renzi, who ran GMAC Mortgage into the ground before hiding out with his federal friends for two years has now left Freddie for a new job with his private sector banking pals. With a proven track record of failure, why shouldn’t he be rewarded?
eBOOKS ENRICHED WITH FUN ACTIVITIES THAT BUILD VOCABULARY AND CONFIDENCE
How could things have gone differently? Had I been forced to read and dissect Shakespeare's work, would I have been willing to even try watching the performance? And if I had, would I have enjoyed or appreciated it (the language and tragic intricacy of the story, the tortured character of Hamlet)?
I know, I know I won't eat a good home made pot pie but I'll eat spam? well not anymore, but when I was a kid I did. If it weren't for cereal, and PB&J sandwiches, I think my mom would have thought I was going to starve!
In fact, The Family Vibes were not an actual band or a static one: they were just the various musicians backing the duo live and in the studio (more or less
Then after this period which I excuse myself for by claiming is ‘commuter time’ I actually get on with it. The writing starts. This is like entering a waking dream. You consciously cross a threshold and once more you are back in the world you have imagined and which has waited patiently for you to come back so it can move on again. This world is peopled with characters you have mostly made up, but who share certain tics and preoccupations with yourself and with people you know. I am at my happiest humming along improvising through the scenes as the ideas grow and multiply. That time when it all really does seem possible, first draft time. During that happy period which can last anything between six months to a year, there is the occasional presenting to agent and editor. It is really only at that stage that I start keeping a hand written word count and try to keep to an average per day although that is not in any way fixed.
There are two text files in download, that you need to chose one of them and you should replace the original code. If you want to make archive hierarchy always collapsed, use always-collapsed.txt ! If you want to make archive hierarchy collapsed except post pages, use collapsed-except-post-pages.txt !
It made me a little choked up.
Common wisdom said a shade rose for every one of her folk killed in cursed Nazerak (and uncommon wisdom whispered that no new babe was born to her folk until a shade was killed.) These dark cousins, confined to shadow by the poisonous touch of the red sun’s rays, were demented creatures and evil mirrors of their once living twins. Legends of their cunning and brutality made them the most feared of Nazerak’s inhabitants. Myths told of a time before recorded history, when the world was uninhabitable, and her progenitors had to fight and hide deep in the bowels of the earth beneath their city while the shades hunted them for cruel sport.
Teen Daughter: "But Mom - it's too haau-uutt outsiiiiddde-duh!"
daniel & i watched it yesterday evening & there is so much i could say about this - but i really think i should just let the video speak for itself.
For all my spreaker fans, I will be recording a new episode probably on Thursday, the bronchitis has kicked me in the butt, and the allergies are not doing that great as well.
I don’t think I could possibly do greater justice to this collection of vignettes than Cynthia Faryon’s superb prologue (quoted below in part). In it she puts herself in the mind of Edgar Simpson fighting in the trenches of WWI just before he is killed by enemy fire:
Kinks - The Kinks Are The Village Green Preservation Society - 1968
Base rules for entering and limitations:
To complete my card I stamped my sentiment in a Spellbinder pennant die and punched a butterfly.
I have been watching their watching.
Lucas was recently featured on the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation’s “Next” series, part of a high-profile project created by the CBC Radio 2 program In Concert in which promising young classical musicians reveal their artistry.
And the lights are off…
Khoele, of the Black Gun Owners’ Association, told the Sunday Times, “The ANC smuggled huge numbers of guns into the country and after liberation made no effort to collect them back. Those same weapons are now often used in holdups.”
On Sale: April 30, 2012
Export sales at market rates subsidize Québec businesses competing with us under free trade.
Other Goals for 2011:
Over on cookware.com there's a sweet cast iron Dutch oven with a flat lid and legs like the style Alton Brown recommends in the "Going Dutch" episode. I've wanted one like that, mine is a domed lid sans legs, but they are out of my price range normally. That No Kneed Sourdough bread would bake up nicely in this.
Traci Tapani's metal fabrication company, Wyoming Machine in Stacy, recently published a job opening at what she thought was an attractive annual wage of $36,000. Four weeks went by without a single applicant...
The cloud forest lies before me, like a woman reclining in a steamy bath, filled with foaming water. All curves and hollows, hills and valleys. The mist collects in the valleys, like the foam enveloping the woman, moulding itself to her shape. The water gently laps against her body, constantly shifting and changing, never still, just as the mist ebbs and flows against the hillsides, swirling in amongst the branches, rising up into the canopy, evaporating into the air, condensing on the leaves and branches.
are in my wedding "diet"
“I can’t do that, I can’t just up and decide I think I am going to go for a walk,” Obama conceded. “If I could change something I’d be able to sneak around a little bit more but it causes people a lot of stress when I do that so I try not to.” First she starts in about how hard a job hubby has, then, about 50 seconds in, you get to hear the real Michelle. So much the lady.
There’s a movie coming out soon called Babies. It’s a documentary about four babies born to different families around the world. I am hopeful that watching a baby take a bath in a bucket with a goat nearby it will reset the standard American moms’ expectations on what is safe and normal. There’s always hope. — Julie
I would have loved to be at the Nashville Predators game last night, not just to see them pull off a great win, but also to see Charlie Daniels tearing up the band stage during the intermissions! (HT: OTF)
THE CHURCH IS DESIGNED TO FUNCTION IN THE MIRACULOUS
I'm one that likes to layer the papers and create depth within that process. Building the history of the art piece itself. I have a good sense for composition and design and almost all of my work comes from how I am feeling about things on a daily basis, spiritually and emotionally. Color is another strong aspect to my work and very natured inspired.
The timer! My index finger flies forward like an arrow shot from a bow and I hit cancel.
Thank you to all the girls who left a comment on my Monday Musings, I value your support and thank you all for your kind works, I will keep those to myself if I may, its the best way to handle things.
Warping is how Live stretches or "pitches" the music to match the current tempo of the Live Set. When your music is properly warped, there is no longer any need to worry about tempo. With properly warped songs, you can simply drag any number of them into Live, and they will all be automatically beat-matched. Warp an entire song by following these steps:
The Morning Routine*
It seemed like an eternity that they crouched in the hallway but eventually the horn sounded and the announcement came to return to their classrooms. Once again everyone filed from the building and Gladys tailed behind. She was lost in her thoughts about what had just transpired.
Mango Pickle : 1tsp
On my last post, a reader posted this comment:
What we do have, however, is a bit of a reputation.
I mean, I shat the bed pretty much constantly for the whole next day, and the day after that I went to the doctor and puked in her mouth.
Originality of concept or hook; a robust sense of protagonist, mired in a consistent perspective; turn of phrase; an understanding of pace i.e. how to speed it up or slow it down; cliffhangers; humour (but that's just me!).
But I wonder if he knew that it was but the truth he spoke?
Continuing my desire to showcase recipes from time to time of 'out-of-ordinary' features, I am today sharing one I've had now for some while, so long in fact I had almost forgotten about it. From my Shut Yo Mouth collection of fine food dishes comes this stew-like soup that is synonymous in fine dining establishment along the coast, especially in New Orleans, as say Gumbo and Oyster Soup. Y'all do remember another Shut Yo Mouth recipe on the subject a while back - Meat Pies? Well, the one below is actually requested.
She is a tiny blonde with an easy laugh and blonde hair she sometimes wears like Pebbles Flintstone, piled high on top her head. She’s into tanning, like most natural born Jersey girls. Her mouth is wonderfully filthy. She exudes a major vibe that makes men hang their heads out the windows of moving vehicles the way dogs do. Yet she might as well wear a chastity belt for as often as she gives that shit up. This chick is no fool.
Turn 6, Mike looks for the win and disembarks his last fully intact Grey Hunter unit against my mauled and Champion-less Command Squad. Mike fired his 8 bolt pistols and in a flurry of ones my Marshall lost all but 1 wound, and the Command Squad was reduced to a single Cyclone Missile Launcher Terminator!!! YIKES!!! The game had moved back towards Mike's favour, if he can see the Marshall and Cyclone off in assault I won't be able to contest their objective and will be left to trying to shoot them off in possibly one phase. Mike pops his banner, charges in and I proceed to pass an obscene number of 2+ saves and both models survive. His Wolf Guard's fist even bounces and I attack back and butcher the unit making it break. PHEW! (again)
but his favor is like dew on the grass.” (Proverbs 19:12 NIV)
The book ends with a story of a prison he visited in Brazil. The prison was notable for the revival that had swept through it, and the exceedingly low rates of re-offending by those that left it. Colson visited to find out the secret to their success. He writes:
To track the results for Kay’la, Eytan, Alessandra and Greg from the slams in Vancouver, you can check the site for the Vancouver International Poetry Festival here, or follow VIPF on their Facebook page.
It was time to break out this paper and create! With so many yummies in my stash it was hard to narrow down exactly what I would use in this layout. I accented the paper with my most favorite Karlas001 Etsy crystal leaves, tea dyed Prima lace, Prima Lovely burlap leaves in brown and a Prima Say It In Pearls center for the gardenia.
Paragraph 5 states: Whenever the lawful use of force and firearms is unavoidable, law enforcement officials shall:
Don’t live in delusion, when you can live a life of truth and peace. Be prepared to meet the Lord. Do not put it off any longer. For someday, sooner than you realize, sudden destruction is coming. It may be the end of the whole world, or just the end of your life. Any way you look at it, it will be over and you will have to face the consequence of your delusion.
Where I know that I belong
The story begins with the murder by Thyestes (Thomas Henning) and Atreus (Mark Leonard Winter) of their half-brother, Chrysippus (Chris Ryan), at the urging of their mother Hippodamia, who is angry that her sons have been passed over to inherit the throne. The first scene is brilliant in how it winds you into its double reality: the three actors perform with an almost documentary realism that at first almost makes you believe you're overhearing three young men passing time, late at night, at a party. Until, that is, Chrysippus turns his back, fiddling with his iPod to get a favourite song, and the two brothers stand up, suddenly full of menace, and pull out the gun, and the machinery of tragedy is activated. Oddly, not so much on stage, as in our minds.
Wow. Just… wow.
Hope you all have a really lovely evening.
I think that by now, you may have picked up from reading my blog that I have an issue with clutter... and I have an issue with hanging things on our walls... Not because I don't want to, but I am always too worried that what I choose will look 'wrong'...also, our living room is our only living space and it is TINY...so I always worry that if I hang things on the walls it will make the room feel even smaller...
Appropriation often takes something well-known meanings to the general public and takes those meanings and applies to a new context. The Scream painting vastly regarded as an effective portrayal of fear and so when appropriated (such as in the example shown) the fear is translated to represent the new characters and setting. However if the item being appropriated is not a well-known symbol or image, it creates a different impact as the reader has to decode the meaning before understanding how it has been re-applied.
I now have a new sister in Christ! She is 4 years old and her name is Genet! She lives in Ethiopia! Having Genet in my life has changed so many things. I pray now more than ever and understand the importance of my sponsorship to Genet. When I was in College I traveled to Cambodia three different times and I can say from personal experience I understand just how much these children need a sponsor. However, I will say that this little girl has taught me more than I could ever teach her! She is just beautiful and truly a princess in every since of the word. I long for her to know her worth and value to her Father and claim her identiy as a child of the one true King! I want her to get the chance to go to school, have nutritious meals and appropriate health care. I also want her mother to rest for a chance and know that help is on the way.
The rest of what Elisabeth and I wrote is true. In brief:
While still at school I had sent a letter to New York: ‘Dear United Nations, I really want to work with people in foreign countries when I grow up. Please tell me how I can do this.’ Some kind soul on a long tea break replied to me, saying I should gain qualifications in almost any subject that I enjoyed, spend about 20 years gaining experience in that field, and then apply for overseas positions. And that is more or less what happened.
A quick and interesting aspect I found on this website for hunting in British Columbia show the full decomposed remains of a Grizzly. I point to it because you get a good look at the other wise unseen bone structure of these massive bears. Go Here
Fine Gael calls on the Government to explore radical options to boost trade between the US and the EU, including the abolition of a range of tariffs between the two trading blocs. Such reforms could be worth billions to the economies on both sides of the Atlantic, with Ireland being best placed geographically to benefit.
And you know what else, (just making stuff up here) I also don't think she obsessed with motherhood the way we do. I bet she didn't feel guilty constantly about everything under the sun and I bet she was working so hard she didn't have time to obsess over every little thing her children did. I think that motherhood was part of life.
are made one by the pain of love.
*waters dying plant in room..the only plant in the room and I can’t seem to remember to water it until it appears to be literally reaching for the faucet with an outstretched (and slightly wilted) leaf..that plant is kinda creepy*
“All of a sudden, when it hit the ground, the plane was kind of bouncing. Someone said the plane was skidding and there was panic,” a passenger said.
Edward and Stefan might brood, but they both love their girlfriends. A lot. They are romantic, patient, and protective. Get too close to Bella or Elena, and they'll pounce. Another thing that makes these two gentlemen is their eating habits: they're both "vegetarian" vampires. Edward and Stefan hunt animals instead of feeding on humans. Sure, they get hungry and think twice about their diet every once in a while, but they hate succumbing to their vamp nature. Also, family matters a lot to these two. They fight for their loved ones, and are willing to sacrifice anything in order to keep them safe.
With the transition from Christopher Eccleston to David Tennant, it seemed easy and natural. I imagine that’s the way it’s always been. Not having followed the show previously, I can’t say for certain. The phenomenon of David Tennant’s Dr is something else, again. And, knowing that he did, indeed, want to leave the show, in watching the last scene with him, I completely believed that his Dr did not. It’s as though that character on the screen really did have a life of his own apart from the actor portraying him. I hope there’s an award in there some place for this.
100 gm Whipping cream
I don't get personal on this blog often. Well, not much beyond geeky stuff anyways. Don't worry, I'm not going to get crazy. I just want to answer a question that I get asked a lot. As some of you may know, I have a dayjob. I'm lucky enough to have a great dayjob, one that I really enjoy. But in my free time, I'm pursuing writing. I'm inching closer and closer to being able to write full time, but it's still a few years off (at least). I'm not even sure I'm brave enough to go fully freelance. So given that I work 45+ hours in a week and write a few things, people often ask me how I do it or whether I ever sleep. The easy answer: I make time.
Anyway, I was getting lots of eye contact with this guy, and he was definitely smiling at me. When it was my stop, I thought fuck it, I have nothing to lose right now. I walked over to him confidently, handed him my business card and said “call me”. I smiled and got off the train. He was speechless I think. I gave him a cheeky glance over my shoulder as I walked up the platform and he smiled at me and waved lamely. I don’t know what came over me – it’s so not like me! I don’t usually approach guys (because I don’t have to – they usually come to me). But I guess this whole date-a-week thing has got me motivated! After I got off the train I started to panic. Giving him my number had seemed like a good idea at the time – but what if he didn’t call me!? I was putting myself out there for failure. I didn’t have to wait long though before he text me:
You need to list items at a variety of price points and styles, because even though your guests are buying you items that you want, they will only buy items they can afford, and that they like too.
It should be shown.
Challenge – Part 2 – 100 yard dash – Top five move on and bottom three go home. Chris is not medically cleared, so she is automatically part of the bottom three and is eliminated. After the race, Emily and Kimmy are also eliminated. Moving on are Jeremy, Mike, Lauren, Cassandra, and Megan.
At this point I would like to make clear that I have no idea where Obama was born, he may well have been born in Hawaii as he claims, however, the fact remains that, despite claims to the contrary, this has not been conclusively proved.
Everyone has their own way of doing things, but one thing I can share is that if you are not meal planning try it for a month, and you will be hooked. I'm going to lay out my example and would like your comments on how you and your family meal plan.
Geraldine, the instructor, is fantastic! So supportive and welcoming, she made it clear that she would make sure I understoof everything... which surprisingly I did! There were a couple times when I didn't fully get the excerise I 'd just copy the guy next to me and pray she didn't ask me to go first! But overall, I loved the friendly open environment, the chance to be surrounded by locals with similar interests as me (as opposed to being known as "that actor girl" by all the ISA people), and the sense of having made a really brave, proactive decision to invest in some more invaluable life skills.
As I prepare to start a new decade, I want to work hard at the art of being grateful. Because I do think it's an art. It's something we have to practice. Growing up, I was taught to say, "thank you" and to write thank-you notes. But it's more than that. It's being thankful everyday, for just the little things. It's being aware of that gratitude. And sharing that gratitude. In extraordinarily ordinary life, I have much to be thankful for-- some are practical (a house, a job, money saved for retirement, clothing, food, etc.) and some are really nice and not at all practical when you get right down to it (vacations, my iPhone, multiple pairs of shoes) and some are obvious (my kids, my husband, my friends, my family).
With only one week left, Alleycat Enterprises, Inc. is still $6,000 dollar away from the goal of our Kickstarter project to produce You’re A Good Man, Charlie Brown in Waukesha in July. I know seems like a huge number but I know that we can do it with your help. Look at in this way; we only need to sell 400 tickets to the show. That is less than 2 sold-out performances of the show.
I'll let you know how it goes. Again, this behavior is normally not them and this is why I'm acting upon it so fast. This might be because Bradley is starting up "manhood" and is going through a "change", or just because they decided "nice" isn't cool anymore. Whatever it is... I will not allow my kids to be this crazy!
Well, last weekend, Cody and I took a road trip to Hattiesburg, MS, for Jayson & Sandy's wedding. Since Cody was a groomsman, we headed South early Friday morning to make it in time for rehearsal/rehearsal dinner and such... and yes, I had to leave Manning behind for the first time EVER. I really didn't want to leave him, but Cody convinced me that it would be best for him to stay home since we were going to be so busy and would be staying in a hotel. After a long discussion, I agreed that he probably needed to stay with Dee-Dee and Papa.
another Ooh La Frou Frou girl!
Also, i think that allowing manufacutrers, telcos etc having their own app stores is killing the user experience. This was a pretty bad move on Google's part. There should just be one android market not multiple ones on the phone. And even if you do have multiple markets, then the logins should be the same.
"It's pretty shocking," Jones said. "We've never had any serial-type stuff."
The leadership of the ECB is also divided. While buying Greek, Portuguese and Irish government bonds in order to keep down interest rates for their respective governments, Trichet and other ECB leaders repeatedly stated that they were against large-scale intervention to support other eurozone governments. However, the speculation against bonds of the Italian and Spanish governments, which was forcing up their interest rates at the beginning of September, forced the ECB to intervene with large-scale purchases of these bonds. This provoked the resignation of the German representative, Jürgen Stark. There is now an intense battle between those ECB leaders who believe that an even bigger intervention is required. They argue that unlimited support for the bonds of threatened governments would stave off a sovereign debt crisis. However, other ECB leaders are still intransigently opposed to this kind of intervention. They believe that the ECB’s role should be strictly limited to monetary policy, ie setting interest rates and regulating the money supply.
They are used as units of measure!
“Is she practice laughing?”
At the end of reading this book I felt I had gained confidence and new skills with her graceful writing. Thank you Doreen once again, a truly inspiring book to read.
Well instead of going to the track on Saturday I was going to tend to my ground and clean up the pool and the garden. I had just finished trimming the tomato plants when the text from Cal arrived. It was in code. I didn’t know why until my brain cleared from the exhausting heat of Arizona and was then able to conjured up what the code meant. ”Had theP580 k”. Okay so it looks easy but I wasn’t sure exactly what it meant as I had talked to The Mayor earlier and told him the P4 at Santa Anita was anyone’s guess, including the WiseGuy’s. Then it hit me. What Pick 5 I asked myself as I turned off the watering hose. Certainly the carryover of $3500.00 at Turf was not near that. It was Santa Anita and I ran into the house and checked my TVG account and there it was. $1.00 Pick 5 (5 of 5). . . $80,566.00 Samolians.
Simply by changing the order of the sentence -- His friends, convinced he's suffering from PTSD, try desperately to persuade Abe to sell the house -- will help.
Nonetheless, it appears that they are about to be overthrown by an international coalition of 138 nations — who have banded together to end Financial Tyranny.
I'm really looking forward to connecting with you at Pinterest and checking out your boards :) Make sure to comment below to let us know that you are an active participant and not just another link posted in this hop. Hugs & Blessings!
The beer tax I’ve addressed in a previous blog entry. The cigarette tax I favor outright. Cigarettes kill. They killed my father, and the second-hand smoke probably contributed to the cancers that three of my sisters have so far survived. As far as I’m concerned, tax the hell out of it. Recoup the full costs of tobacco; be punitive if we must. Price it out of reach, for all I care.
-dalia
Hello! Hello! everyone;)
If I'm dressed, I have a gun on, mostly because the empty holster would feel silly. The holster is there because before I go to bed, the jeans I am going to wear the next day have all the stuff of life transferred to them from the current day's trousers: pocket knife, folding money, the little business card holder I use for ID and plastic, and belt & holster.
Buy it at Amazon.com
They are having a big "book buying party" tomorrow, so if you feel so inclined.....buy one up....or refer a friend to it. I just know it is going to be a best seller.
The recession is evident, if the faces around me are anything to go by- everyone is slightly less enthusiastic than normal.
We marvel at our string of bad luck in the dining department, but hold on to hope that our clients will come through for us at lunch on our final day in town. They promise us “a really good place” for fried chicken. Indeed, it is fried chicken. (And with no odor of cigarettes, a step in the right direction.) But like every preceding meal, it is just adequate. It’s not bad. It’s entirely edible. The service is even a smidge better than what I’m used to in my hometown. But it’s just nothing worth writing home about.
It’s certainly not hard to make butter, especially with the modern equipment that exists in most kitchens nowadays. (Some brave and hardy people eschew electrical appliances and churn their own butter by hand. Me, I’m a modern girl. I used my KitchenAid mixer.)
Standing by Your Window
I had her going in the long lines and then the last time, just as we were about to quit for the day anyhow, one of the rings came off. I have had the surcingle for about 20 years. It was about due anyways. Now we just switch over to using the saddle and keep at it. But she's been off for a while, so she will get turned out before we go back to work. Maybe a few days of just lunging.
Maintaining a healthy weight for your height - you all know those charts we dislike...
Struggling to control both her growing power and her deepening feelings for Alex, Lila decides the time has finally come to stop running and start fighting. Together with Alex, Demos, and the people she’s come to think of as family, Lila plans not just to save her brother and mother, but to completely destroy the Unit and everything it stands for.
Simmer for 30 minutes, then add the leeks, celery, carrots, dill, salt and pepper.
The mouse, obviously sick of being stuck behind a bookcase all night, made a crazed dash across the room. Meg leapt after, and seized the poor furry thing in her sharp cat mouth, before scuttling under the dining table. When I let out a squawk of protest she immediately opened her gob to say 'wot?', allowing said mouse to dash behind yet another bookcase (yes, we have a lot of bookcases. We can't see them under all the mountains of manure, but they're there, apparently. You can hear the books crying if you listen really carefully).
I cursed the light of your gaze
mixed-media artist Roben-Marie Smith began designing
Asian dimension as French state-owned arms company faces murder, bribery allegations
“Its integration of traditional Islamic motifs, such as specially crafted screens and a lush courtyard garden, is choreographed with assurance and sensitivity.”
The potential bridge-building point of this mutual distrust is the whole issue of sovereignty. Our diplomatic goal should therefore be to persuade the EU to abandon its Federalist ambitions – outlaw them in fact – but create a disciplined single currency for which ALL EU members are separately and severally responsible.
“I didn’t say that.”
TB: You’re weird.
The sites developer soon arrives on the scene and assures everyone that dispite the destruction his project will be finished on time. When he notices Sakai and Junko taking pictures of the damage he tries to persuade them to write a favorable story about him and his project. Sakai will have none of it.
We have seen sub-4000 dollar cars, thought impossible by Detroit. While they are not perfect by the glossy standards of American companies, these vehicles fit a critical demand. One can also reasonably expect the cars' manufacturers to become increasingly powerful on the world stage. Meanwhile the cost in emerging markets of so many other services, such as cell phones minutes, are tiny fractions of their US counterpart. Every year brings more breakings of price floors - the equivalent of beating the four minute mile - in market segment after market segment.
Sweater: Thrifted ($4)
and it won't your lip.
Three hundred years ago it was described by Jean de Lery, a Huguenot priest, as being of such excellence that the gods might luxuriate upon it, and that it should only be gathered by the hand of a Venus.
So, here is where things start to break down. Last semester each group had to produce 1. a charcuterie item which was allowed to be prepared the day before, cut and glazed with aspic on the day of competition, 2. a composed salad, 3. a hot appetizer with a sauce & 4. an hors d’oeuvre plate with 3 items. On top of all this, it was a mystery basket competition, so we didn’t know what items we were going to use until 15 minutes before we had to come up with a menu. Granted, each group consisted of 4 members. This year it was either 2 or 3 members and if you had 2 member in a group, you made a charcuterie item and 1 hors d’oeuver. If your group had 3 members, you’d have a charcuterie item and 2 hors d’oeuvre. Out the door went the mystery basket and they had weeks to decide what to prepare. The outcome was some good food, mostly mediocre and the results were 4 gold medals, 2 silvers and 2 bronze. WTF. Anyway, I’m actually not bitter, just disappointed.
In this run I learned to read the altimeter. In all other runs I did so far, the question was: How long until…? Here the question was: How high until…? We started in Davos Platz at 1538 m ASL (above sea level). Until Frevgias (km 32) we lost 519 meter; Frevgias is the lowest point in the race with 1019 m ASL. That was the easy part of the race.
This recipe was written in a charity cook book by Rt Hon Alex Salmond MSP and cooked for the group by Anne Murray. It does have quite a kick so more sensitive tastes might like to have some cooling yoghurt with it.
"Necessity never made a good bargain."
In early September 2009, four mainstream newspapers in South Africa did surveys on the Huntley issue, revealing that 74% of White citizens felt that they were being persecuted in South Africa for reasons of their race (Beeld: 83%; Die Burger: 62%; IOL: 65% and Rapport: 87%).
Italy
The simplicity of my recipe for roasting the fresh split-turkey breast on a bed of cut veggies made up of carrots, celery and onions creates a magical sauce in the bottom of the roasting pan. The flavor dripping off of the cooking turkey into the vegetables under and around the turkey breast makes a gravey that is sweet and light in texture and flavor.
My Mom and I will be attending Cupcake Camp NYC 2010!
So hey girl, don't worry about not packing some pendulous swingers under your top. As long as you've got a flat stomach, incredible legs and an ass that won't quit, Captain Sensitive here has got a sympathetic boner for you. I think my favourite part of this whole grubby affair is this bit:
Brings a lone silent tear to my eye
If you want, or if your blender didn't do a good enough job at blending the cashews until they were completely soft, strain. This makes about 2 cups of cream.
“What are you going to do for ten minutes if you don’t do this?”
But I do want to address this subject about taxing the rich. That is not a solution. But I understand and really empathize with the people who talk about the 99 percent and the 1 percent.
Boundaries Aligned Using Traders Little Helper.
Good morning!! Yesterday Charlie's dad called me and asked if we could make a card for Charlie's mom for her birthday - the big 40. So, I got out some stickers etc, Charlie's just 2, so he LOVES his stickers and I thought it would be nice to give her a card as well and this is what I came up with. This is from the new "Sweet Treats" CTMH Card Kit. I LOVE this kit!! You can put whatever you want in the little treat cups, but since I didn't want her to have to open it, I filled it with glitter, flowers and baubles. I added my own little touch on the front with the flowers, which I found at the dollar store!! I'm so happy with it and Suzanne loved it!!
1 dulled
I'm calling the doctor again tomorrow to see if there is anything he would suggest or he can do to speed things up. Ron is not suicidal but he recognizes that his anti-depressant is not doing enough. He sent his handgun home with Rex tonight. He said there's no telling what someone who descends into deep depression is capable of and what will happen if they reach that point of no return. Amy and I each tried to tell him how important it is to focus on finding even just one thing - no matter how small - to find joy in. He seems to be in a better frame of mind tonight.
And by all I don’t really mean all, but about 90% of the pots have germinated. But, while I was planting the seeds I might have *whoopsies* planted a couple seeds in some of the little pots, so really I’ve got more than 6 plants per 6 pack.
J. Edgar Hoover (Leonardo DiCaprio) was head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation for nearly 50 years. Hoover was feared, admired, reviled and revered, a man who could distort the truth as easily as he upheld it. His methods were at once ruthless and heroic, with the admiration of the world his most coveted prize. But behind closed doors, he held secrets that would have destroyed his image, his career and his life.
Buying: As little as possible! Damn you January!
If its turned the other way, it is a sturdy garden seat.
5am alarm call signals the start of another Saturday in the life of a BNP activist. My mind snaps awake when I realise this is it! Last weekend before the country goes to the polling station and we need to get every spare vote we can before d-day.
Tell us about your new album – what can people expect?
How strange that a young girl like her has these strong feelings and correct predictions. That what happened later in her life, all I can say that all of a sudden they are not friends any more. A year passed and the gap between them is expanding, he does not speak to her, sometimes he does not say “hi” to her, basically he ignored her completely she came to be nothing to him, a speck in the air, like a vase on a corner table. Every time she sees him, she gets angrier and more furious, so she decided to “to hate him”. Yes. “HATE HIM” that’s what she was telling her heart, she gave it the order to “HATE HIM”. To her heart it was not an order; to her young restless heart was a death penalty, because she will deprive her heart from its only nourishment “his love”. In fact, it was one of the most difficult decisions she had ever made. However, she completed her life, hypnotizing her heart to hate him. She engaged herself with her simple life which was friends, school, and her family.
Peace is this warm breeze dotted by dew
My problem now is to find time to play with it!
Core PPI, finished goods less food and energy prices, remained unchanged (SA) in October, ending a string of 10-monthly advances. Higher prices for pharmaceuticals (+0.9% SA) and aircraft (+0.8%) offset lower prices for light trucks (-1.6%) and passenger cars (-0.8%).
Tallow Amide – See Tallow.
He had had a fitful night’s sleep. As a result of which he woke up early. With a puzzled mind, he replayed the events which took place last night. After finding Iqra’s phone off, he had called up Sufi and was surprised to find out that she had not spoken to Iqra after college ended yesterday. Then whom was she speaking to? Doubts and confusions were whirling in his mind since then. And they were successful in pestering him even in the early hours of morning. He was tossing and turning in his bed for the past two hours, trying to shake off the uncertain thoughts and get hold of some sleep. But it was all in vain. He could not even understand the reason for this restlessness.
white or brown rice (ideally jasmine or basmati, all cooked up the way you like it)
Obviously, there is a still a ways to go here.
Sometimes the person you rescue ends up rescuing you. Love is funny that way – shows up right at the moment you think, “It’s never gonna happen for ME.” So it was for Finora in LYCAN TIDES, my Guardians of Light Book 3. After seven years of imprisonment, this single mother rescues a shipwrecked warrior, who turns out to be the one man who might be able to set her free:
I'm not going to add any more because if this problem was fixed, then in theory many other problems would have the possibility to be fixed.
the sick-leave provisions set out by their contract.
“Don’t worry, kid,” Jim said, sounding as if he were twenty years older than Greg instead of just eight. “Everyone gets pre-wedding jitters.”
grace and peace,
We now have a plague of calf-scour-yellow arches.
by the last Sunday before Christmas,
Of course you would ask that, since you see a much larger picture based on what your Akash has seen and remembers. You also know it’s possible.
My partner, Ron Wagner, is teaching our Course, Comprehensive Elements of Trading and Investing for Results this next week! This course lays down the blueprint for how you can trade and invest consistently for profits. It’s offered live and online over 2 evenings. Session 1 is on Tuesday, April 10 from 7:30 – 11:00pm EST. Session 2 is on Thursday, April 12 from 7:30 – 11:00pm EST.
Each Sunday we start a new post with a New Mr. Linky for you. This is so that you can post a link to anything you want us to read, anything at all related to poetry or prose found on your own poetry blogs. It will remain open all week so that you can show us your writings and thoughts. You can post links weekly should you chose to do so. What poetry you put here is up to you so don't be afraid to share with us!!
first, the formal living room:
circumstances of Lady Justice (like having parole granted on grounds
Check your quotations.
NEWS AGENCY OF NIGERIA
“Love will find a way through paths where wolves fear to prey.” (Lord Byron)
I just finished reading the book, Skinny Bitch, by Rory Freedman and Kim Barnouin. Now I’m going to admit that I was fuming through most of the short book. In places I couldn’t believe what I was reading. On a few occasions I was tempted to take a match to the book or at least hurl it against the wall, but I restrained myself, mainly because it’s not my book!
I checked, it was "For War", off of For Victory. Kind of got lucky there. Good thing for Bolt Thrower than that their style's so distinctive even on their instrumentals.
To make the most of green tea in a good diet, you need to exercise. Exercising doesn't have to be a bad thing though. Here are some good tips for exercising:
I liked how before each toothy spider woman attack, this black ball would bounce menacingly into the area where the slaughtering was about to commence. This lets the victim know that the chances of them being knifed and/or asphyxiated during the next five to ten seconds are quite high.
Prof. Akosa, who was speaking in an interview with The Enquirer in Accra said in as much as some politicians are prepared to declare their assets before coming to office, they must be prepared to publicly declare such assets when they leave office. He said it is equally important to romp public and civil servants into the assets declaration exercise since they are equally guilty of corruption as the politicians. Prof. Akosa, who described corruption as “white collar crime”, said it is important to make people have high stakes in whatever they do thus putting fear in them that they will lose everything when they are caught indulging in corruption.
Yep, this was my second attempt at making the official alfajor of Santa Fe province. The first attempt, well, it taught me a lesson on meringues. I crossed a lot of lines with this recipe. First, I made a completely Argentine concoction, which is pretty much in opposition with almost all of my posted recipes. I usually try to replicate the tastes of home with what is available to us down here. Second, I had to get over my fear of raw eggs -- which, it turns out, isn't too hard when they taste like fresh marshmallow. So, thanks to Katie's challenge and encouragement, here I am embracing a taste of our current homeland.
Now, for us, excessive practice of concepts is busywork. My kids grasp & master concepts quickly. Once they master something, they don't need or want much review. So, we don't do extra pages of Math problems, unless they need it. I often have Jay do only part of a page of his Math, once he has proven mastery of the concepts covered. If he doesn't do a good job on the page, he has to redo the incorrect problems and do extra problems for the needed practice. As long as he's doing them properly, though, I see no reason to make him to unnecessary work. Dea only has to do the odd numbers on her Algebra assignments (it's a college text, so the lessons have anywhere from 70 - 130 problems).
The main was a grilled lamb leg steak (my favorite cut - less commitment than a whole leg and a cinch to cook) and pan-roasted baby Yukon golds smeared liberally with a thick pesto of nettles, garlic, olive oil, pumpkin seeds and the last nub of Manchego (the nuttiness of which nicely complements the smoky earthiness of the nettles).
So, within 15 miles of my house, I'd estimate there are at least 50 hardcover copies of Roger's book on the shelves. Penguin must have done a bang-up job of selling it, as neither Borders nor B&N are normally welcoming to unknown authors.
Anyway, back to the next ultrasound. I totally did not understand the difference two weeks makes at this stage in pregnancy until I saw this ultrasound pic. Baby Dashlee looks like a reptile and is way bigger than the little yolk sac, which you see in the left of the picture. The baby is the c-shaped thing right there next to it. in the curve of the backwards 'C' there are two white dots, that's the heart. So, Doc says absolutely nothing at this ultrasound. Until he plays the heartbeat. Stunned would be a good word to describe Dan and I's reaction. Dan was so excited he actually got up out of his chair. I was shocked and expecting something to be wrong since he had been so silent. And, it was beautiful. It's majorly surreal to realize there's something inside of you with a different heartbeat than yours. And this is the one part of my blog where I really wish I was a better writer so that you could understand how amazing it was to hear that swoosh-swoosh. And um, did I mention it was LOUD? The kid's got a strong ticker.
The really, amazingly cool thing is that everywhere you look you see men and women who work long, hard days in sales or hi-tech or some such thing, and then spend hours and hours of their spare time, leaving work early, sacrificing their weekends….to play ball.
After you're third year you should have a job and be studying for the BAR exam.
Valdivia, Chile
Sinclair doesn't think it's strange that the driver, Maria Gonzalez, was doing 68 in a 50mph zone. Neither does NYPD spokesman Paul Browne. The AP says, "Gonzalez was driving well above the posted 50 mph limit, but speeding is common at that point and she may have been simply keeping up with traffic, said New York Police Department spokesman Paul Browne."
2 T parsley
Miranda: "Definitely. There's a lot we have to sacrifice. Work. Luncheons with the girls. Vacation with the girls limited to only once every two years."
In any event, this is supposed to be about putting the two best teams in the title game. If the voters are considering any other issues besides that, shame on them.
What books do you put on your summer reading list?
I purchased Lourdes Castro's Simply Mexican cookbook a few months ago, but I only got around to using a few recipes this weekend. I had to hunt for the ingredients for "Red Mole Chicken with Chorizo" at three different markets, but I felt like I had found treasure when I was able to retrieve all the ingredients. The preparation of the dish took a good 2 hours to chop up the onion, banana, and chicken, but it was well worth it!
3. You’d need a phrase or quotation from a book to adopt as a motto. Which one? “You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, ‘I have lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.’ You must do the thing you think you cannot do.” Eleanor Roosevelt: You Learn By Living, Eleven Keys for a more Fulfilling Life.
Recently, I’ve had a challenging time with my children. We are homeschooling and, therefore, home a lot of the time using toys, games, books, etc. Staying on top of cleaning up can be tough. So, after feeling a sense of defeat, I grabbed one of my all-time favorite parenting books, Simplicity Parenting, and reread the part about toys. As a result, I removed about half of our toys/books/games.
This process has caused as much confusion and vacillation as anything else. However, one outcome has been a determination to trust my intuition and a willingness to hope that these doubts might be productive, and not simply the result of a lack of conviction. In this tug-of-war, doubt and faith can play mutually correcting roles.
Finally a simple portrait of Holly without too much fiddling about done on it at all. There are a number of technical faults with it, but I just like it because it brings back good memories of our trip, and really in the end if I like it that's all that matters.
In case you’re not familiar with the lalaloopsy dolls, these dolls were once a ragdoll and then magically came into life. I have 4 mini Lalaloopsy dolls, which I bought because they were a lot cheaper than the actual doll (Pepper Cooks-up-fun, Bea Spells-a-Lot, Pillow featherbed and Crumbs sugar cookie). Too bad, they’re still homeless *lol* (I don’t know where to get or how to make the doll house hehehe).
12:00 pm
K: I have worked, in the past, as a pastor and so the first essay in which you attend the Christian music festival, that…that’s a subculture that it’s incredibly easy to mock. Even as a Christian, I have to be careful not to be dismissive of that subculture, and I appreciated the care you took to not do that, even in sharing your own back story of Christian faith. Transparency is the word you used, and I think it’s the right one. And I think it makes for better writing and it makes for a better story.
ok. enough for now!
It's just one of those shops you see and say, damn, why didn't I think of that.
We already learnt how Gautama, meditated on Varuna and created a small, inexhaustible, pond of water, that was sufficient for his asrama (place of comfort – a hermitage). That was Gautama tirtha.
UPDATE 5/3/2012: After several days of waiting for any possible precipitation to fall.. the geiger counters show slightly elevated levels compared to last week, but at least 40-50CPM BELOW alert level. Alert level is 100CPM.
Best of all, I didn't have to cook for an entire week! I truly enjoyed being served but am ready to get back in the saddle...er, kitchen. Here's my plan...
But in all seriousness, I did spend quite a bit of time researching various virtual dissection options, before settling on Froguts.com as the one that works best for us. It is a subscription service, that costs $36.00 to $46.00 for a year, depending on whether you choose a CD, downloadable or online option. Considering that it allows for multiple students to complete (multiple times, if they wish) dissection labs for a starfish, frog, squid, cow eye, fetal pig, as well as a Mendelian pea and fruit fly genetics lessons, complete with section, and unit quizzes, at their own pace (I had to take the 50 question, squid quiz twice before I was happy with my score - but it really helped solidify what had been presented in the dissection activities), over the course of a year, it's not a bad price.
Truly lovely hotels are therefore rather good value. We were at the Jolie Ville Maritim, booked about a month ago via Thomas Cook for a rate, including flights, that wouldn't go very far towards a UK "staycation". Run by a Swiss manager who seems to have left no stone unturned in his efforts to welcome his clientele, it's a real oasis, well removed from the hectic town centre. The food is terrific, the gardens gorgeous, the atmosphere friendly - we enjoyed an unexpectedly rewarding social time with many fascinating people among the guests. And for recharging the batteries, relaxing and soaking up some very serious sun, I can't imagine anywhere more lovely.
First, a related Quick Riff:
In light of this information, a person with a breezy disposition would an uptight harridan, and something that’s “a breeze” would be hard enough to blow you away. “The test was a breeze” no longer seems to make sense, but saying, “the test was a light air movement” loses something in the translation. I’ve always been a stickler for using words properly, but breeze is such a light, breezy word, that I will probably continue to use it the way I always have, to mean a gentle air current, something easy, or someone cheerful and free.
Warning. There be some foul language. There also be some pirate language, but you be readin’ that arrrrready.
The Anfield Rap may have been your typical football song fluff but there was truth in those lyrics. Out of the teams currently in the top flight 13 are from North of Birmingham (or Birmingham itself in the case of Villa) and only 6 are from the South (Swansea of course being from Wales and, for the purposes of this article, do not count. Sorry Swans fans). Out of those 6 teams from the south, they have won 19 league titles (Arsenal have 13 of those). You may recognise the number 19 in terms of league titles. It’s the number of titles that Manchester United fans are constantly reminding us that they have won.
This fabric is what's called a "cheater print." That's right.......I CHEAT! cheat cheat cheat cheat cheat and I don't care who knows it! I have tried the other way, the cutting little bitty squares and then stitching them together into what should be perfect rows followed by perfect blocks and then all sewn together and quilted with minute stitches.............doesn't work that way here. So when my eyes landed on this bright and cheery piece of wonderfulness at the fabric store, A CHEATER WAS BORN!
Then there was the thought that I'd like to get something pretty and heart-like downstairs, to cheer up the corridor. I saw some hearts on ribbons in a shop window recently, and thought that I'd have a go myself. I fixed them together in a temporary fashion, whilst I waited for some more wire (preferring that to the ribbons once I'd experimented). And I'm glad of that, because I have changed my mind about the order of the three, and the beads between them several times.
I know they say what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas, but in this case, I'm asking you to break that rule just once and clue a Vegas-newbie in :)
And shouldn’t we be wary of our heroes? History is written by the winners, and so we view characters like Alexander, Richard the Lionheart and Henry V through the distorted lenses of victory. I think my background has made me question the simplistic attitude towards ‘heroism’ as defined by war. All of the above were great slaughterers of men and empires are built from blood and bones.
If this piece of excrement is any indication, I can imagine what Dr. Dr. Whelan told Gov. Dean. Something like, ‘Governor, the most important thing to Catholics is that there be no limits whatsoever on abortion. No parental notification at any age, no limit on late-term abortions, no waiting periods. Indeed, unlimited abortion is a pillar of the Catholic faith!’
25 gr (1 oz) toasted pistachios
7. Poor bedside manner. This is an easy one and has been addressed extensively by others, but don’t do things such as repeatedly looking at the clock, repeatedly interrupting patients, focusing more on you than the patient, talking rudely, making poor eye contact, etc. Follow the Golden Rule and you will easily establish rapport the majority of the time.
Imma’s strengths are often found in more creative topics. She will tackle almost anything, but only if she can use her creativity. She is a poet and a creator, so she looks at the same topics, but sees them and approaches them in a totally different way. she is seldom into the mundane and may have several projects in various stages of completion. Her distractable nature pretty much makes this a given. She attacks topics as a whole, synthesizing them into an overall picture. While she can take most topics and make a creative article or post, her attention wanes if the topic requires too much detail or bores her.
Weather on Mon and Tues was nice, then today’s been utterly horrid. It feels like the end of winter rather than the end of spring/start of summer.
how I wonder who you are,
Now, using hickory would have been easy, except that Ooty had no Hickory at that time and we were running out of time and had to do this dish!
The repetitive strain injury was back.
Wells Fargo Quest/Boat Quest Part 2
Monsieur DuPree was hurt. He thought his master didn't love him anymore. He didn't understand that, indeed, the old man loved him very much, yet he could no longer care for him. Slowly he straggled toward the house and up the steps. He scratched with one paw at the front door. "Woof woof! Woof woof!"
—- Bupinder Singh Bali.
As I mentioned earlier, the store seemed way over-staffed. Usually, you’re lucky to find three people working in the entire site — one at the register, one outside on a smoke break, and one lying mortally wounded after the latest robbery attempt. To see a dozen workers hustling behind the counter was totally foreign, especially since they were now wearing orange vests instead of the customary red polo shirts of Petro. Finally, one of the ladies broke loose from the pack and prepared to serve us.
At this point, the audience rose to their feet and Gingrich received a standing ovation as Williams did everything he could to try to salvage some aspect of the exchange for the left. And the only way he could do this was to try once more to find racism in Gingrich’s words.
He’s more valued than all treasures
This is one of the very, very few period dramas that I watched and actually gained something from. Forgiving one’s enemy. Now, though I wasn’t entirely satisfied with this film, the small issues I had with it could be overlooked, as the message behind the story was so powerful. SO powerful that I now am determined to to finish reading the book (within my lifetime). If anyone has read it, please leave a comment, and tell me how great this novel is.
Readersquest, one of my favorite readers of this blog because she likes playing the gadfly and because her own blog posts are interesting, earnest, and stimulating (but more about that a bit later) commented: “I guess at heart I'm still just a child who gets a huge dopamine rush, upon opening a book or a magazine, because I think the author is going to tell me a story. I may be a junkie for unliterary crack. I don't pretend to know what constitutes "social substance" or "artistic importance" in a short story--and I'm not sure that I'd want to read anything by a writer who was so self-important that they'd try to tell me something socially substantive or artistically important anyway!”
* He claims the term "flea market" comes from the Dutch term for valley market and has nothing to do with fleas. No, it's a direct translation of a French term meaning, "flea market."
I might post a pic with them or I might not.
Postal Service Sneak Peek at 2012 Stamps
“Before I had taken out my journal to write, I had my camera out and I had taken pictures of the sky between trees. Then, a dog ran by our house and boy ran after it. He saw the light of my camera (I had all the outside lights turned off so nobody could see me.) He stopped and kneeled to pet his dog and re-attach his leash, and he turned his head toward me. Embarrassed, I quickly turned off my camera, yet slowly made my way inside. I kneeled and crawled to our front window and spied on him spying on me.”
2 ) When your girlfriend says, “We need to talk”…and you never hear from her again.
For my 16th birthday, I got a puppy. He was this really happy, sweet little dog that was full of kindness and excitement. That is, however, until he would smell some kind of chaseable/eatable animal, whereupon he instantly turned into a hunting machine. He'd dive into a river chasing a beaver into it's den, dig up the earth persuing a rabbit down it's hole, and torment raccoons who were twice his size. He dreamed big. He'd go running off after something, and we'd shout to call him back to us - to protect him. But the switch had flipped in his brain and he was no longer our sweet little pup. He was a predator on the attack. He was fearless and absolutely insane when it came to getting what he wanted. Dad says that this is what I am like.
We have another yard project going on that will require us to dig up a whole mess of dirt, so we were originally planning on incorporating some of that into the garden bed. We figured it would be a good way of upcycling something and also help us keep our costs down so that we don't have to buy as much of the amendments to make it good soil.
But under my feet, baby, grass is growing
I'm also that Mom who does this so automatically I often forget what I have, or even that something was given to me, so I'm often heard to say, "I don't know where that is. But if you gave it to me, it's in here somewhere."
“Anyway, so there are nine different woods. Willow, hazel, alder, birch, ash, yew, elm, and oak.”
Despite the fact I have not had quite as much time as I would have liked to devote to this round of the DQS, I have still really enjoyed making and (even more so!) receiving my doll quilts. Thanks to all the Mamas who make it all possible and roll on round 12!!!
He is the finished card. I didn't make too many changes as you can see.
Speaking of shouting, a constant nitpick by the metal outsiders who like Epica is the death grunts provided by Jensen. Although present in several tracks, the grunts never take central focus, and those critics must once again ask themselves: can any other band possibly hope to integrate such diverse styles as opera and metal as well as Epica? Consider the shouting level higher than the grunt-subdued album Cosign to Oblivion yet less than the grunt-heavy Divine Conspiracy.
In Oakland, police using tear gas confronted a protest of about 400 downtown. Nine were arrested and at least one demonstrator was reportedly tasered. Protesters blocked streets throughout the day and vandalized two banks in the area. A news van and police vehicle were also vandalized.
Sazz came over that afternoon and we decided to go for another walk to see if we could warm things up a bit. On the walk the contraction were coming at least every 10 minutes, but they were still really short. By the time I thought “ow” they were over. As we walked I paused momentarily for each contraction and then went back to walking.
The tale is that the Ursuline nuns in New Orleans prayed to the Virgin to deliver us a victory over the British during their invasion of New Orleans during the War of 1812. In their prayers they offered to put up statues of her if we were able to keep the British out. After the ragtag and vastly outnumbered army led by Andrew Jackson defeated the British, statues of the Blessed Mother were erected all over French Louisiana.
Being released from Top Model’s constrictive contract might actually not be the worst thing though for the three panelists. Barker revealed to E! in the interview that the “contract was so exclusive that it was holding me back from other projects” and that he’s now working on launching a line of skin care products and cosmetics for men.
Hataway denies that he then shoved Clarke’s head into the ground.
Hour by hour the caissons reach down to the rock of the
I hear those voices that come just before sleep
What do I mean by this? I have noticed, now, when I experience anxiety, pain or other negative emotions it is because I am resisting the reality I have chosen. That is, I am working against the freedom or other experiences the universe is creating for me. Most likely, I am trying to hold on to someone or something.
It starts up north in Aberdeen
I see a lot of giveaways that I don't enter, because if it's not something I would use I figure let someone else win - but this one....soooooo me! Sunday morning I awoke to Julie's email letting me know I had won, and my new wind chime arrived yesterday and is now hanging in my gazebo! Love it!
He’s a professional baseball player, who got drunk after a road game. He said and did some very inappropriate things, no doubt. Further, such behavior is an embarrassment to Major League Baseball, and to the city of Detroit as well.
Honey, Come Set Me Free
This contract will spur Nasri in tomorrow’s game.
This salad was born out on a discussion (aka argument) I had with one of my sisters about the correct dressing for a potato salad (yes, we should both probably get out more....) She likes tangy vinaigrette; I like something a bit creamier. This is a mix of both. The warm potato is dressed with vinegar and a splash of oil, then cooled and mixed with a sour cream dressing, less rich than a full mayo version. The salmon gives a smokey depth of flavour, and is a great way to make hot smoked salmon, which can be expensive, go a long way without feeling in any way mean.........
The man was astonished and asked,
I would not try to be so perfect, I would relax more.
1 assign
Much like Lewis’ rollercoaster shows, it’s always worth any trip to Soho anytime because there are always unexpected and eccentric things happening. Last Wednesday, after the show, my friend and I had to plough through a crowded Brewer Street, which was being used for location shooting of some big-budget Bollywood movie. When I asked one of the crew who the star was, we were told:
Rafters Manchester 4th December 1980
4. Never Knowing Peace
1 medium-large red onion - finely diced
“No he’s not, and really ‘Melia, how’d he get your numbe-… oh crap. He took it from my phone while I was asleep!” Damn him.
- Choose your examples wisely. Now, when the point about Germans was made, I had to listen to how one person had an ex that spent some time in Germany, and knew a couple of people like that. Well, bully for you. It proves nothing. I heard about how someone else had been there once. In total, they had experience of less then ten Germans, and most of those second hand. If your evidence group isn’t enough for a football team, it’s not enough to extrapolate to an entire nation. I could, at this point, have pointed out that I spent nearly ten years in Germany as an army child. I could have pointed out that I go there about once a year. But that destroys the point. It’s not relevant. It’s one person’s experience of life in that country.
1) Visit www.MyMemories.com and choose a favorite digital paper pack or layout, then come back here and leave a comment telling me which one you like best and why.
I created the pages using the criss-cross card pattern. The pages are two 6x12 sheets, folded in half. On the right side, the right upper corner is brought down to meet in the middle section.
Iron Spider Armor - It sucked, people hated it, it went away.
To the last syllable of recorded time,
Message to my mother: Kelsie or I will buy your ticket next time and you will not be allowed to make the decision about whether or not you will be going. You will go and you will love it!
Your turn.
4. Affordable AllSaints (say what?)
NEXT: Raiders of the Lost Ark
A Moe’s cup
01. Animal skins 2:56
Some visitors came searching, mostly for toothless the dragon, mowgli, toothless the dragon smiling, berries, and lord of the rings scenery.
Ripped jeans- Mango
Untitled (Call to Mecca)
Within the first hour of episode one, we stumble upon quite a few other survivors. All of them innocently trying to go about their life in this new world. I didn’t expect to see certain faces so quickly but seeing a couple of the characters from the show/comic really brought the game up to speed. If you’re a massive fan of either then seeing the likes of Glenn and Herschel (before the events of the show/comic) is fun to watch and play through. In a way it’s a bit of sidestory to go alongside what we’ve seen of the characters in other timelines of the series so far.
Here is the Space Magic Number #1 – 70.
Turns out Neil wants to buy this store as it’s a perfect location for his drug business. The owner stands strong, though, saying he’s protected by a Latino gang and that they should leave. Hagan responds by SHOOTING HIS SON and then him. Sort of an odd negotiating tactic if you ask me but this Hagan guy’s a bit unconventional.
I am not a huge fan of new year’s resolutions mostly because of the fact that they seemingly fail quicker than a normal goal would last. I am, however, a proponent of goal setting. My boss, Todd Durkin, does a “90 Day Wonder” every quarter. He sets goals for the next 30, 60, and 90 days. These goals can be school/work, nutrition, sport/activity, relationship, etc. So, in honor of the new year and a fresh start to 2012, I would like YOU to set goals!
By Danita Cahill
No wonder four different apostles needed to write about the Last Super! But as the first waves of caffeine hit the blood stream, the conversation locked onto Bernie telling of his encounter with a sick deer stalking one of the ski runs up in Vermont. After several other skiers reported seeing the deer wander aimlessly onto the ski path, the ski patrol decided that for the safety of the skiers and the deer, the animal needed to be put down, which Bernie was quick to acknowledge was very sad. Dave then mentioned that he always wanted to see an elk. One time he was brought to a valley where elk would gather at sunset. He thought he could feed the elk! At least he wasnʼt like W. C. Fields who would excuse himself in The Fatal Glass of Bear to “go and MILK the elk.” Dave said the signs were posted all over warning not to put out any food whatsoever because this would most likely attract bears. Eddie Jurewicz remembered reading about a man somewhere who would welcome bears onto his property. From the other end of the table, Ed Sherretta added that unfortunately, the man was killed by one of those bears! This disclosure led to the story of Bernie and Bear. One day, Bernie caught a bear eating the peanut butter out of his backyard bird feeder up in Vermont. Bernie tried several unsuccessful attempts (at various levels of aggression) to try to shoo-it-away, but buddy bear would have none of it.
Is it a pyschological thriller, a romance, a mystery slash drama or is it all of them?
“Buenas tardes,” she replied with labored breath.
A larger group lined up to shoot free throws and get a chance at a Community Week t-shirt (below left).
There is a reason why we 'take holidays' and 'visit' so called Third World countries, National Parks, the sea, river systems and remote areas. These are all places where our 'souls' can catch up with our bodies - we have to do this, because we have separated ourselves - not only from our 'Inner Self,' but also from Nature. We are stuck in places with an abundance of mental and urban noise - 'stillness' and 'connectedness' is something the majority of people don't understand anymore.
SALMON CAKES
This is one of my favourite dresses, and it's really a shame I don't wear it often enough! I absolutely love the two different layers of the skirt, it looks so structured and cute - not to mention a lot more expensive than what it was! (Around £25)
~thinly sliced unpeeled cucumbers, thinly sliced lemons, spearmint and rosemary
Just came back from France. We decided to go home one week earlier because of the bad weather. In one week we had one day of sun, and all the other days were filled with rain, wind and cold, so unfortunately not so much pictures to show!
This book opens with Sookie Stackhouse finding the dead body of Lafayette in the backseat of Andy Bellefleur’s car, which had been left at Merlotte’s the night before. Sookie learns that her friend had recently attended a local sex party. She thinks the members of that group might know something about her friend’s murder so she starts “listening” to people’s thoughts by using her special mind reading talent while working at the local bar.
And about the food, I'll just say the team at Jewels of New York knocked it out of the park. I can't wait to try my hand at this celery root potato pear mash as soon as I have an hour of free time. Also, will someone please have their wedding at the Green Building? It's got the charming kind of Dutch New York industrial warehouse feel without that pesky sweatshop vibe. (Because nothing kills a party like the whiff of 19th century child labor, m'I right?)
And now for some Seuss inspired projects that my class completed yesterday. I did not get to take as many pics as I would have liked, but here are a few...
“Snowstorms and Signs of Spring”
Please make your project using something new, or a "NEW" themed project
Key points include:
yeah i'm so strung out
I realized she did not want me
Took children and their friends to Mc Donalds for a treat, in the midst of trying to place the order my middle child says loudly Daddy I want….the three women behind the counter according my eldest daughter all exchanged puzzled looks. I continued like nothing happened. Oh well if they looked unsure that was likely a good sign that I passed the initial inspection.
I only got to take a few pics because all those 3 days were very busy (especially day 2 and 3) so do forgive the lackluster amount of pictures.
We had dinner there one night. All good. Great food, good service. We paid the bill and went back to the hotel.
Researchers looked at the rising number of Business Improvement Districts (BIDs) across the U.S., which usually employ private security to monitor areas under their auspices. Their conclusion:
till nothing seems real anymore
There were endless dances, with live bands including Glenn Miller’s, and the opportunity to meet and date young officers and gentlemen in uniform. If memory serves, it was Eve and Phyllis who were together at an off-duty dance on the base in April 1944, when two such handsome young paladins sauntered in from the Royal Artillery HQ up the road. For Eve, certainly, it was love at first sight.
Max never joined another group after The Trash Company, but he continued to make music for decades, behind the scenes. In the years immediately following the band, he diligently created new material and regularly submitted demos in the hopes of making it as a songwriter. A curt response from Capitol Records in the mid-80's contained the message "Some music was never meant to be heard." It was something that stuck with Max, but it didn't stop him. He continued to make his music, whether the world was listening or not. The seemingly endless stash of recordings from this thirty plus year period ranges from poignant acoustic ballads, to cathartic rock caterwaul, to out-there electro-funk and beyond. No matter what the style, there is something about each song that is distinctly Max. His music runs the gamut from vulnerable to abrasive to playful to just plain weird, but it's always genuine, always honest, always real.
Minneapolis Town Hall Brewery Masala Mama India Pale Ale
I realized that after I noticed that I had not posted about the unfairness that is Mother's Day. I can't believe I actually have been blogging for a year. I mean I am not the most consistent, but I could be much worse, I mean 76 posts in one year equals out to about one post every 4-5 days. Of course that isn't how I post, but still.
What an exciting week the Shabby Girls have planned for us all! Today marks the first day of a week-long party to celebrate The Shabby Tea Room's SECOND BIRTHDAY!
Last Sunday, however, I did manage to get a small amount of footage of an adult osprey taking a break from fishing and resting on a long piece of driftwood. He even ruffled his feathers for me once! Also note the dragonflies darting about at the beginning.
i hate you
Don't ask me how I know.
In the second example we see the doubt and uncertainty that comes from the shaky foundation built upon disassemby and constant revisioning of Scripture, Earthly centered preaching, following the spirit of the age, leadership that does not acknowledge its fallen nature, trying to lead an ill informed and Biblically illiterate people.
Lastly in this very brief ramble, we have Sek Loso. I don’t know anything about Sek, I have to say. It should be noted that it is Thai ‘culture’ to refer to people by their first names only, a reversal of the formal western practice of calling people by their surname. So Abhisit Vejjajiva, Thailand’s youngest ever Prime Minister and Oxbridge chum of Boris Johnson, who knew him by his nick-name,‘Mark’, is simply known as Khun (Mr) Abhisit. Kind of like the old Labour days of “ Just call me Tony”… It could also be noted that ‘Abhisit’ in Thai means ‘privileged’. If you know anything about Thai politics, the irony of this will not go un-noticed.
The Wide Horizon. Loula Grace Erdman. 1956/2007. Bethlehem Books. 279 pages.
This week we’re going to have a look at how that affects how we write characters.
And then two dweebs released a beta video on YooToob where they created characters and instantly started grinding by killing “chickens” and blowing up bunnies. This is when I realized one undenyable fact: it didn’t matter what NCSoft did with its game, or how they took the grind out and put the RP in. What mattered most was the people playing the game. If there are no mechanisms for protecting the roleplayer from the casual gamer, then MMO is going to continue to stand for “Massively Moronic Online” game.
Hmmm… I am loving what I see.
To be fair to Emirates, the airline which has never posted a loss. Emirates, its critics assert, does not sit in your chosen keyword Gatwick airport parking is on the cheap airline ticket to atlanta on your airport parking is on the cheap airline ticket to germany onto the cheap airline ticket to philippine if you're planning to use them, but will if the cheap airline ticket to prague for it. The results will be hit hard in the cheap airline ticket to prague for up to one year. The only other condition was that the cheap airline ticket to prague of waiting to check and what you need one.
I frequent a chat on twitter ( #scifichat ) on Friday afternoons Eastern time which is run by an ebook publisher. His education and expertise is in MARKETING but SF and SF Gaming has been his lifelong hobby. His company, Flying Pen Press, specifically looks for writers who have built themselves an online following before he will publish a book by them.
included in her goodies is:
A few days before the Super Bowl, however, the network decided that America was not ready for erectile dysfunction. They canceled the spot.
The point is not how difficult the piece, or how great it is. It is love, attention, and prayers that you put into it that matters. I know that every piece I received will be very special, and I really hope that everyone received mine will feel the same.
The McGrews had been watching the dog that attacked the baby and had planned to adopt it. It had “blood all over him,” while the family’s other retriever was clean, Chantel McGrew told a dispatcher.
What was my sauce? Cranberries! That was my nod to the season. I like how at Whole Paycheck I can get loose bulk cranberries so I don't have to buy way more than I need.
I covered up the dish, popped it in the fridge, and we got ready to go to class.
- look at ways to improve customer service or value adding to your products/services
I’m too young to vote
*the wingspan of a turkey vulture or buzzard is actually (on average) closer to 6 feet and not what's listed.
Sometimes some of my friend’s dads would playfully rib Freddie about the fact that he seemed to be blissfully un-employed. Especially my friend Robert’s dad Bob Brennan.
Just look around here! There are digital cobwebs in the corners of this page for Pete’s sake. All the pixels are very dusty. There is even a new section of my blog called “even older posts.” It’s a lot like an elephant burial ground. Very morbid. Very sad.
5Instead, speaking the truth in love, we will in all things grow up into him who is the Head, that is, Christ. 16From him the whole body, joined and held together by every supporting ligament, grows and builds itself up in love, as each part does its work.
Spring in the Netherlands can be a bit cooler and wetter than in other parts of Europe and we have been having quite a bit of rain and rather low temperatures lately; but despite the unspring-like weather, I just couldn't stay away from the beautiful tulip fields in the Noordoostpolder and I even managed to visit Keukenhof Park a few days ago.
Dafuq? Dude, you’re saying that by finishing our plates, we can reduce starvation? Wow. (sarcasm)
3. The protection of two huge oceans. For many decades at a time, isolationism was a perfectly sensible policy that allowed Americans to stay out of dysfunctional wars.
Vanessa would be happy to know that as I grew up, I had no idea about the Miss America scandal. I didn’t know a thing about her pictures. I only knew she was the first black Miss America. And the only reason I knew that is because “Save the Best for Last” was an amazing song on my radio all the time, and my parents deemed it necessary for me to know that the singer was not only a talented recording artist, but had broken historic barriers. They didn’t feel it necessary to add anything about her background. Because it’s not important.
Something in the salad made my tongue very itchy, even though I’ve had it a thousand times before. Weird, right?
Mad Max
Back on August 11, I shared my version of a record I had in the 70's called Funny Bone Favorites. You can still download it here. I decided to make another volume called, amazingly, Funny Bone Favorites Volume II. Just like the original, all the songs are from the 1970's or earlier.
I found other peoples social security numbers.
Final Impression:
1081**D-IX/14/1990. “The Use of Great Books in Legal Education.” Chicago Association of Law Librarians, Hotel Intercontinental, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(6), above, pp. 590-99.)
The Stroller:
Does that mean that peak oil activists have reached their goal of informing the public and policymakers about the risks and opportunities posed by peak oil? Of course not. This is where the hard work begins because the debate has now been elevated to the national and international stage. And, that means we can look forward to a continuous clash that is increasingly in the public eye.
As a longevity test, I've used Façade all day. I'm very pleased with the results. There is some fading but much less than a cream or powder. Most of the fading is due to me touching my skin but I didn't need to touch it up all day. It's also very effective in humid conditions (steamy club or holiday) It's a great cheek product.
It is time to finish all my Lofty, (Yes~sometimes whimisical) Goals, and Projects!
It was performance art that would make Damien Hirst’s shark in formaldehyde seem like a John Constable painting and Tracey Emin’s unmade bed seem like a perfectly normal idea.
So – What Are the Uses of USB Turntable Equipment?
So what changed?
A swimming pool!
Anyway.....moving on.
In other words, not my kind of town at all. (It kind of shoots the hell out of my "royalty in former life" idea. Pretty sure I was a dairy maid, a brewer or maybe, tops, a courtesan. But not royalty, I don't feel comfortable in that sort of atmosphere.)
I will give you rest. (Matthew 11:28-30)
To prepare for tornadoes, for example, it’s critical that families identify a “safe room” in their house to go to when they hear a tornado siren or learn that a tornado warning is in effect, Hayes said. If you are outside or away from your home, you should immediately get into the lowest level of a sturdy building. The safest type of room would be underground, such as a basement or cellar, he said
Speaking to analysts during a first-quarter earnings call this week, Donnelly says Cessna is finalizing the joint venture and beginning to work on obtaining the necessary Chinese business licenses to operate in the nation.
The plan was to drive further North to see the real tundra. Perhaps camp there for a day or two and visit Deadhorse with a potential tour of Prudho Bay. And what do you know? As soon as we crossed a very scary looking mountain pass the weather started clearing up. When we reached the North plateau it was actually quite pleasant. Sunny with clouds. The wast expanse if flat tundra on both sides of the road. There were even some small hills with some snow on them. Nice, it would be interesting to cam there for a couple of days. Well, assuming the weather stays like this. However, it would probably be quite boring to just walk for miles on flat terrain (mosquitoes and tussock and all that water probably won’t let it be boring).
According to one estimate, the size of an electron is : 2.82 x 10-13 cm and It’s mass is about 9.10938215(45)×10−31 kg See : http://www.dimensionsguide.com/what-is-the-size-of-an-electron/
1 twins
U2 - New Year's Day 12" Single - Island
Rickey was crossing a street when he was 13, and saw a man who had been killed while he stumbled across the street in a drunken stupor, shrouded by a blood-stained sheet, surrounded by police and onlookers. As he craned his neck to see better, his mother pulled him away, saying “You don’t need to see that”. When he got home, he found out on the evening news that the man was his father. Rickey’s mother had asked his father’s boss, a few years before, to give her the checks, since her husband was drinking away all the money. He complied, and eventually the two of them moved in together, breaking up his marriage. When Rickey’s mother later moved to an apartment, then moved out again, Rickey stayed put, got a job at age 16, and encouraged his girlfriend to move in with him. The landlord said he was a Christian and did not want Rickey living with a girl he was not married to, so Rickey asked her to marry him, and they began life together. He was initially touched and influenced by his praying, church-going mother-in-law, who was part of an intact and loving family. It was only a few months, however, before Rickey’s in-laws’ family crumbled as his wife’s mother moved out with another woman. This was to be the pattern set in Rickey’s life: when he was influenced by the Gospel, the failures of men tore his faith down again.
General Secretary, is an attempt to
In effect, the EO allows the federal government, directed by the President, to commandeer and control all aspects of the economy and the lives of all Americans. It centralizes control to an astonishing and frightening degree.
One walk also took us to the ‘Fairy Steps’ where legend says that if you can get up or down the steps without touching the sides, the fairies will grant your wish. As the steps are so narrow at the top, I doubt the fairies have to grant very many wishes!
I'll be back with birdie update on Monday.
Luckily for me, people like munchkins. I’ve written before about how I wish I were one of those pulled together people who did all the things women are “supposed” to do. Those people have it easier, right? The ones who bake and make sure everyone is taken care of and the bathroom mirror gets cleaned more than twice a year?
I still am at unrest with some haunting things in my past but I hope soon they will demise.
A volkstaat "could", "perhaps" become a reality in 30 years from now.
These are just a few "Need to Know" things that I would like to hear about! Any takers...
“That’s so kind of you,” she said.
But hey, you deserve it, right? After all, you did all the work! Don't forget a big dollop of whipped cream or vanilla ice cream for the top!
Is the above passage on Page 69 representative of the larger book? I think it is. Here’s why. The protagonists in both of my mystery series (Sam Kincaid in The Commission, and Silent Witness, and J.D Books in On Deadly Ground, and Skeleton Picnic) are cops, not amateur sleuths or PI’s. Hence, they have to know the rules and understand proper police procedure. As a former cop myself, I want my books to convey to readers a sense of authenticity and procedural correctness.
Matt Brammeier (Irl) – A rider I don’t know a lot about, showed well in Tour de Romandie and the classics. I’ll keep an eye out for him this year.
Happy Gardening 2011 everyone. I have the next two weeks to clean up and get the garden ready for the race, and then we're off to a year #2!!!
The problem I encountered was that my school days had me busy, and I'd fall behind, and then I'd crank a post out to placate myself. In all reality I wasn't pleased with any of it. It all just felt fake and bullshitty. I'm trying to effect positive change in my life right now, and goddamn it all to hell this fucking blows.
MrSmith is actually the genius behind the MrsSmith-ExtremeShopper business as he was the one who suggested (and pushed for) the classes, so all you ExtremeShoppers have him to thank for the knowledge you now have!
Those of you who wonder why the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith and the American Bishops initiated a reform of the leadership of the Leadership Conference of Women Religious (LCWR), should take a little trip down memory lane.
"I Love to See You Smile" (Parenthood)
“Perhaps,” he suggested, “you are precipitate; perhaps you have mistaken; perhaps you have been hasty. These things are often the result of impulse in women. I have often wondered how they could make up their minds; I believe they certainly ought to be allowed to change them at least once.”
This table was brought to me & I had my doubts. It was coated laminate pressboard. Not my usual thing. But I gave it my all & I LOVE it. Good-bye original shiny brass hardware & shiny white finish!
As a kid with a rough home life I often wondered what I did to deserve this. Even before I really knew God I knew that there was something much bigger than me out there and I couldn’t help but feel that I must’ve done something to deserve all the wrong that had been done to me throughout my life.
Sir Ronald Ross – The Vivisector
Thanks Diane. I got it yesterday. It is beautiful.
So here I am, at the precipice of a new chapter in our lives. Starting primary school...starting 3 year old kinder...learning to walk...With babies that are getting to be so big and grown-up, while still retaining tiny bits and pieces of their babyhood. I don't know why this past week has triggered so many big and little moments - but I am so very grateful that the "little" moments had nothing to do with lapses in toilet training...
Hope you liked....I did..........happy stamping/journaling ;)
*Best moment this week?: Getting to feel the baby kick and move around for the first time...I even had my husband put his hand on my belly and HE even felt a faint kick. I'm telling you, this baby is going to be HUGE!
Meanwhile, Chiang Mai public health chief Dr Wattana Kanjanakamon said large amounts of smoke in the air in his province had caused the number of patients to increase by 10 per cent this month.
11. Prohibition was foisted on us by a progressive lie, much like keg registration is being shoved down our throats now. It started in one town/township/county. But the drinking wouldn't stop, and booze would come in from every border. "Give us statewide prohibition," would be the cry, "and we'll show you how it can work! The outsiders are ruining our good work!" And they'd get statewide Prohibition, and the drinking wouldn't stop, and booze would come in from every border. "Give us national prohibition," was the cry, "and we'll show you how it can work! The outsiders are ruining our good work!" And they got national Prohibition...and we got Al Capone, Dutch Schultz, and Joe Kennedy. "Give us more money for enforcement, give us the military to stop smugglers, give us easier search warrants!" And they got it...and nothing happened. Prohibition, as Will Rogers said, made you want to cry in your beer, and then denied you the beer to cry in. Finally, people got fed up, and started talking Repeal.
A third layer was just created.
The differences in this case between Barack’s portrayal and Genevieve’s recollections are understandable matters of perspective. It was her stepfather’s place. They rode the Bonanza bus up from New York and got off at the drugstore in Norfolk. It was indeed a beautiful autumn weekend, though colder than expected, and Obama complained about it. He did not bring warm enough clothes, so he had to borrow a woolen shirt from Genevieve. The Jessup property was 14 acres, with woods, brook, and pond. The library was exactly as he described it, cluttered with photographs and memorabilia of the grandfather’s distinguished career. The family mostly watched the evening news in there, and played charades.
The Captain leads his dance right on through the night
Anyway, based on all that, I think I totally scored on this skirt!
Brain Box (video) – Producer
“This past weekend in southwestern Ontario and the Niagara region temperatures got down to close to -7 (Celcius) while things were out in full bloom and it’s pretty well wiped them out,” Gilroy said of orchards already hit by previous frosts. “It’s very widespread and the worst that anybody’s seen.”
4) Whole Foods
We were stopped about four times for people to ask if the pups were pit bulls, if they could pet them, and to ask what were doing! Aside from Havi barking at a few runners and a few pups, they were focused, proud ambassadogs!
Cream together cream cheese, lemonade mix, powdered sugar, and food coloring until completely smooth.
He then took both of his hands and spread my lower lips apart, bent down, and stuck his long hard tongue deep into my wetness—moving in and out—tonguing me until I filled his mouth.
Here is inside the Bath house, from the upper level, looking down.
I’ve got nothing very worthwhile currently brewing in the ol’ noggin (the mystery pain in my side is completely gone; many thanks to everyone who expressed concern and offered ideas about what it might have been), so allow me to amuse you with puppy tidbits.
7. Love Letters– I need to sit down and write two this month!
Before I know the night is near,
Beerwars - Most of have seen it, or at least heard of it. The documentary changed my view of beer. It really is a great story of being the little fish in the pond. If you don't own it already, do yourself a favor and rent it. Grade - 4 1/2 Burps
Lucy returns to the waiting bat-woman. The woman dresses her in a girlish white frock identical to one she had as a young girl. The woman tells her it is the same dress, that Smithson has retrieved it for Lucy to wear tonight. Again, as so often this night, Lucy is surprised; she thought she was being so clever in stealing away from Hamlin House, and Smithson knew all the time!
- Electronic funds transfer
It wasn't to be, of course. A particularly vicious tackle during a match with a local secondary modern school's centre back put paid to any hopes I might have had of turning out for Oldham Athletic. And any dreams I nurtured of working in the broadcast media were dashed because my accent, at the time, was considered something of an impediment.
3-God wants me to be humble.When I let pride get in the way I miss out on some of God's promises and/or blessings (Psalm 37:11, 147:61, 149:4, Proverbs 3:34, Isaiah 66:2, Matthew 18:3-4, 33:12, Luke 1:52 etc...etc...) My problem with anger is based on fear and pride. I have nothing to prove to anyone, all I need to be concerned with is what God wants me to do and be. When I fight for what I believe to be my rights I allow pride to control me.
I can't resist myself, and took a big piece right after cutting it. Hopefully I don't take another piece after finish posting this....LOL!!
I paired Puddle Jumper with some Studio Calico Memoir Papers (6x6). Her raincoat and boots were paper pieced with one of the patterns in the packand her raincoat was finished with two adhesive gems. The rest of her was colored with Copics. I added Glossy Accents to the puddle to make it look wet. The Die-namics I used are the First Place Award Ribbon (for the flags under the button) and File Tab for the sentiment. Some machine stitching, rounded corners and a twine tied button finish the card.
these days... i'm so smitten with my baby boy.
But opponents, noting New York’s record-shattering tourism numbers, say a casino on the far West Side is undesirable.
During a wide-ranging discussion the Archbishop also said that he believed that human beings had evolved from non-human ancestors but were nevertheless “in the image of God”.
From vulnerability to free just and safe movement
c. When a wise man talks to a fool, two fools are conversing
I had a sweet little cardinal wake me up every morning at the butt-crack of dawn. His unorthodox methods for getting me to rise and shine and throw curse words at him far exceeded his pretty-boy factor, but I felt sorry for him because I'm sure the bird-brain knocked himself silly on a regular basis. Here he is in action:
The technician made me sit on a sheet of gray paper (to catch the debris). She trimmed a the entire area first and went on the waxing portion.The first few pulls weren't so bad; however, when she got to the inner cheeks, it stung a little and I shrieked a bit. She yanked it off quickly so as not to prolong the agony and applied pressure on the area by lightly tapping afterwards to calm down the blood vessels and what not. Before I knew it, the bikini wax was done! She had me check if I was happy with it and if it was enough to fit into the bikini I was going to wear. I nodded and I was off to checkout. Lay Bare has an on-going promo. It's April and since it's my birthday month, I get a 15% discount and a free (not sure) eyebrow threading session. I was told that my eyebrows are still okay and that I can come back anytime to avail of it or go to any Lay Bare branch to claim my birthday "gift." I got myself an after-wax soothing cream as well and I had to apply it about 2 to 3 days from when I got the wax.
The only conceivable way to meet that goal is by dramatically increasing U.S. oil production — immediately, said John Watson, the CEO of Chevron, in an interview with the Wall Street Journal’s Kim Strassel. The argument that we are running out of oil is popular with greens and Democrats, but, says Mr. Watson, largely irrelevant. We have been running out of oil for a very long time, but technology keeps creating new opportunities. Over the past 30 years, as “peak oil” was a nearly constant theme, the world’s proven reserves of oil and natural gas increased 130% to 2.5 trillion barrels.
I'm fairly certain that I am not qualified for any such job.
The Vampire Diaries: The Return: Shadow Souls
a dear friend of ours.
* There are big bike paths on pretty much every street in the city.
69. The best time for a person to buy shoes is in the afternoon. This is because the foot tends to swell a bit around this time.
Just a note: Any barbwire fencing you see is because they had wandered onto someone's fenced property. They were wild, not trapped within a fence.
Grading done in DaVinci Resolve!
‘Vault’, published earlier this year by Salt under its Modern Fiction wing, edited by Nicholas Royle, is an anti-novel. What IS an anti-novel? Was this a clever device intended to catch the eye, or was it really something working against what we expect when we read a novel? I think that yes, on one level it really is an anti-novel. It works like this. The main character of this novel, (for it is one, and a clever one) steps out of the realm of fiction, clothes himself in fact, and thus clothed, peers back into the unfolding narrative as the facts of his life are shaken and embroidered by the novelist. What novelist? Not this one – not David Rose – but another character, a novelist we never meet, a novelist who is repeatedly taken to task by the ‘real’ main character for playing fast and loose with a life that needs no embroidering.
A 4 foot deep trench that went from the back yard, around the house and turned to come out from underneath our master bedroom window and out to the street. I though it would've been cute if we had put alligators in it for more of a hometown feel for me but, no one else was on board with that idea. Oh well. I digress... back to the bathroom.
It made me wonder how living like that - being under suspicion, being assumed as having negative intent, having to change who you are and the way you act so as not to upset the status quo, being constantly and routinely judged only by the color of your skin and the clothes you wear - must wear you down and change you over time. How do you stay true to yourself? How do you continue to dream and have hope? How do you plan for the future? How do you avoid staying angry all the time? How do you develop and maintain self-confidence without enjoying the basic freedoms that I take for granted, every single day?
how la like that?
1 can Spoepeg corn
Thursday- 6 mile Speed Work (1-1.5 mile warm up 3×1600 @ 7:00 pace 2/ 800 recovery jogs) plus core exercises and stretching.
* Better than half of your friends on facebook are involved in the paranormal field.
Yesterday i got a real boost to my ego ( and god knows i need that). I was declared poem master.
Now, I’ve given myself an assignment to do something marketing related every week (besides querying FIRE AND EARTH, that is). This week it’s author’s pages–Smashwords, Amazon, Goodreads.
Transport Minister Lui Tuck Yew has earlier said in Parliament that ‘minor’ disruptions less than 30 minutes are ‘unavoidable’:
-$55 gift card: $33
Barbara Guzzardo, 49, Glendale, N.Y.
Lemon, chili pepper, ginger and even cinnamon… I can accept that I’ve missed the first few days and flavors of City Bakery’s annual hot chocolate festival.
“That is just a toy robot.”
You could find me every day
Alva Skates is having a sale too! Damn, what a good time to buy online. Alva is always raw. Giving you classic shapes mixed with iconic graphics along with a solid ride has always been an Alva specialty. Don’t miss out on the opportunity to get your own. Get them signed, stamped and shipped to your house before the holiday if you order before the 16th.
We are always fascinated and fooled by numbers. Just one example about real income raise of the past 5 years at 2.2%, while HK reduces by 0.2, the rest of the listed countries raise slower in the chart. Hey, brother, does any one knows general income of HK people other than the top civil service, is generally higher than the job of the same types by at least 20%. This means we have a lot of catch up to do! LikeChina, a manager performing less than aSingaporemanager is capable of, is having much higher pay in the multinational than we do. On the other hand their factory worker had wages increases of average of 20% since the year 2000.
K: Thanks, I’ve been feeling really good lately.
Please take time to read this book. I promise it will be worth it.
Whoa... is this the first blaxploitation film I've reviewed here? Odd
May 20th: FSx03: Finishing School Artist Series featuring Gavin Grant in conversation with curator/gallery director Anyka Barber. Broadcast live online at Betti Ono TV: http://www.ustream.tv/channel/betti-ono
The Hymenoptera includes bees, wasps, and ants. Although my garden also provides amply for ants, we'll stick with the bees and wasps today. Following are some of the few portaits I've been able to capture of the many visitors to my gardens. The pollinator magnet, Pycnanthemum, Mountain-mint, in the Lamiaceae, provides the stage for many of these photos. I'm always amazed at the variety and abundance of insect activity it attracts when blooming.
Toback: Doesn't matter. You did what you had to do. Greatest city in the world, and it's turned into an open sewer. Everybody's stealin', dealin'. Look at you, you can't work because you did your job. Good news is you're not the only honest cop in town. The special narcotics bureau in Washington is not a dog and pony show. They are sincere. I know this because they want us to orchestrate it and I want you to head up things here on our end.
According to the resident Daniel De Costa, he slippd and fell at Geylang East Food Centre located in the ward of MacPherson on Monday.
Owl hits.
With that said, I seemed to have found a new lease this week and have 3 layouts to share with you.
I notice on your website you are heavily into martial arts. Tell us a little about that. Has that interest influenced the types of stories you write? Do martial arts play a part in some of your tales?
Bulghur can be substituted for the cracked wheat in this recipe. What is the difference since they are both essentially cracked wheat? Whole wheat berries that are cracked in their raw form is called cracked wheat. Bulghur is partially hulled whole wheat kernels that have been soaked and steamed, dried and then cracked. Bulghur has a longer shelf life because of the precooking than cracked wheat. Even though they sound very similar they are not necessarily interchangeable in all recipes. Both of these products can be found in your natural food section or in middle eastern markets. They both are a very nutritious grain that is high in fiber.
Answer: Henry David Thoreau
Like my friend, Anne. Not only was she a top catalog and runway model back 'in the day', she's the one who is entirely responsible for my discovering the felting art.
Just like in lotto—you have to be in it to win—the same is true about our careers. You have to be in the game to win. You have to know where you are going in order to get there. And unlike Lotto, your ultimate success is up to you, not some random ball drop.
-clearly shows signs of holding onto young man angst
So after almost 4 years the only things we saw were some rest stops boasting 13-foot gators, this weird place called Alligator Town (where oddly enough we saw not one alligator, nor one other human being?) and South of the Border.
He is hilarious, stylish, and let's not forget, AMAZINGLY hot. Sorry hubbs, but he is. (c:
feet or simply sing about the animals,
Like this I miss you
Secondly, IBIS can link test samples fired in a specific weapon with other evidence stored in the database. In other words, it can establish that gun “X” was used on crime scenes “A”, “B”, and “C”. The system cannot establish who fired the gun. That part of the investigation must be conducted by the police detective assigned to a specific case. The detective must thus utilize other evidence such as, fingerprints found on the gun for example, to link a human being to the weapon. If the serial number of the gun has been removed, and cannot be restored by forensics, then there’s no way of telling whether the weapon is state property, or not.
So well done PTW and hugest congratulations all the top twenty challenges – what an awesome achievement. From me to the most wonderful DT ever, thanks to each and every one of you for producing such fabulous and inspirational work week in and week out And a mahoosive thanks from all the Papertake DT to everybody who supports our challenge each week.
“I guess our friendship really was made in heaven,” was her chuckling reply.
Kiss being a Japanese drugstore brand, the packaging definitely veers towards the cute and feminine. The embossed little hearts on the quilted background is what caught my eye first. The embossing is pretty deep, and is still visible after more than 10 uses.
5. What do you hate most about humanity? That we kill each other and treat women and children as chattel, using fairy tales written in ancient books as the excuse. Also, the existence of squeeze cheese.
One year ago, one hundred of our closest relatives converged upon the Hotel Monteleone for a family reunion. We decided that the week between Christmas and New Year’s Eve was the perfect time to gather because all schools, universities, and many businesses are on holiday.
Dropped him off three minutes early, which the teachers apparently did not like. Wow. He showed me round and I left him in the sandpit, after happily being told to leave because he was fine, I stole a kiss and snook off, struggling to Adam’s with an empty pram, and Adam and a dog in tow.
Surely with an easier product it would actually end up costing less for the company to run all these travel programs and enhancing their passengers experience. This is one of the reasons I shy away from the behemoth American carriers, their confusing fare structure and fundamentally weaker onboard offering continue to baffle non-American passengers. They should perhaps look at the newer LCC carriers in America on how they manage to successfully add ancillary revenue in a simple and much more manageable way.
Arline
I would take more cart rides,
They’ve tried to break it free.
three and a half years to reach out to try to improve relations
At the event, Romney also praised Obama’s education secretary for the Race to the Top program that rewards state education systems for reaching specific goals. “I think Secretary Duncan has done some good things,” he said. “I hope that’s not heresy in this room.”
to visit.
“Talking of the fiddler, have ye heard any word of him lately,” inquired the Gaberlunzie. “No,” said Nanny, “ye ken I maunna be ower inquisitive. But sit ye in, there’s something will suit your Scotch stamack better nor French frogs; just eat awa there, and I’ll run ower the way to Bell's brewery, and get ye a pint o’ black cork to synd it doun wi.” The Gaberlunzie ate heartly of the savoury dish which Nanny placed before him, and thanked his stars he was at home once more. So what was black cork? It sounds like it's a slang term for porter, doesn't it? That seems reasonable enough, as porter was at its most popular in the late 18th century, and black. And it appears significant that the beer was made by Bell's brewery, with no other being mentioned.
I'm actually not in the mood to even blog cause my mind is fixed to the bed. I'm tired and I want a nap ;P
Q. Favourite Flavour of Ice Cream & Jelly?
the monkey he got drunk
Lancashire Police Authority bosses insisted that no Muslim had been given one of the microwave meals on the premise and the decision to scrap the meals was taken to remove any confusion.
I find this so incredibly awesome that I can't even stand it. You guys have surely heard about this already, but word on the internets is that photographic proof has been found that Nicolas Cage is a vampire from the Civil War era. I mean, we can't argue with photographic proof, people! Just look at that picture. It's totally Nic Cage as a vampire pretending to be a highly respectful (um, bow tie says it all) and educated thespian from the late 1800s. Totally.
First – Congratulations to everyone for completing another successful Thing-a-day sprint!
Article 20 If a publication of one person infringes upon another person's copyright, the publisher shall bear appropriate civil liabilities of compensation according to its fault, the degree of infringement, the damages caused, and other relevant factors.
We each can behave fairly or unfairly, justly or unjustly....we each can contribute to fairness in the world or to unfairness. We each can increase justice on our planet or we can behave unjustly. We can give what we ask for ourselves or we can ask for that which we are not willing to offer to others.
Precious Savior, still our refuge, take it to the Lord in prayer.
I can’t think of two words that are more satisfying to string together. I mean think about it: As writers we spend A LOT of time writing thousands and hundreds of thousands of other words, getting to the place where we can type or write those two little words and (for me at least) sit back for a moment and revel in the accomplishment for a few seconds.
I wanted to sort through all the kids clothes. I store all the sizes that are not being used in these bags. These bags are stored in each of the boys cupboards. I wasn't happy with how it was working I needed a easier organising solution. The bags were way too heavy and it was a pain to find certain clothes in there as I had to empty the whole bag most times. I decided the best way was to use plastic storage tubs. The reasons not so heavy, can put in or take clothes out easier and it looks nicer.
Butter London Nail Skin Stickers costs £8.50 (for 12 stickers) at Harvey Nichols.
When these things went, almost overnight, I crashed and burned in a quite spectacular way. I was not only heartbroken, but physically and emotionally wounded to such an extent that I started to self-medicate with just about anything I could get my hands on. This included Marijuana, Prescription Medication and as much Alcohol as I could get into my system. This not only led to me causing myself unplanned and very painful physical harm, but also to a blackout period that lasted some two weeks in which I apparently did everything in my power to not come to terms with these losses, and hence, at the same time I pushed them even further way than they were before.
TM: one of the best things about winning space-elections is watching people like you howl in frustration ^_^
This is the most routine part of our day. Here are my basic guided reading plans.
Victoria has so many amazing opportunities to find local, delicious ingredients, as well as specialty items that when put together make the most tasty of dishes. Some times the most fun you can have is playing around in the kitchen with the ones you love, experimenting and making your favourite recipes!
“SEC. 2. Pursuant to the provisions of Article VI, section 26, of the Constitution, the President is hereby authorized, during the existence of the emergency, to promulgate such rules and regulations as he may deem necessary to carry out the national policy declared in section 1 hereof. Accordingly, he is, among other things, empowered (a) to transfer the seat of the Government or any of its subdivisions, branches, departments, offices, agencies or instrumentalities; (b) to reorganize the Government of the Commonwealth including the determination of the order of precedence of the heads of the Executive Department; (c) to create new subdivisions, branches, departments, agencies or instrumentalities of government and to abolish any of those already existing; (d) to continue in force laws and appropriations which would lapse or otherwise become inoperative, and to modify or suspend the operation or application of those of an administrative character; (e) to impose new taxes or to increase, reduce, suspend or abolish those in existence; (f) to raise funds through the issuance of bonds or otherwise, and to authorize the expenditure of the proceeds thereof; (g) to authorize the national, provincial, city or municipal governments to incur in overdrafts for purposes that he may approve; (h) to declare the suspension of the collection of credits or the payment of debts; and (i) to exercise such other powers as he may deem to enable the Government to fulfill its responsibities and to maintain and enforce the authority.
As September 11, 2002 approached, both myself and a Marine friend had family members, civilian friends, and even total strangers ask us, “What are you going to be doing for the anniversary? Are you getting the day off or something?” To the family members and friends who asked this we were more polite, but the basic answer we gave was along these lines: “Are we gonna take the day off? What are you - stupid? We’re gonna do what we always do. We’re gonna go to work and we’re gonna protect your right to ask idiotic questions.” Ever since then, that’s what I’ve been doing. I go to work. I learn every thing that I can about the enemies of this country. And I do my part – small though it might be – to outthink, outwit, and outlast the bad guys. Call it “Survivor” if you want to. Only here, you don’t get kicked off the island… you get killed. Or you kill the other guy first.
Firstly it's fronted by Joanna Lumley, who really gets on my nerves. (Partly because of all those injury lawyer adverts she does for the radio, but also because her voice is so irritating, and she comes across as totally false, hardly ideal for this kind of campaign.) Someone must love her, she's on the TV so much, but I really don't understand why.
But you can still shop on Zulily from outside the United States even if you want your purchases to be shipped outside the USA. You need to get a virtual address in the USA from a company like Shipito.
Spingo, a local brewery had a beer tent on the harbour side which showcased nearly all of their beers. All of which were lovely, just a shame I doubt I'm going to see them up here as most Cornish pubs didn't stock them either. Ben's Stout at 4.8% was superb, thirst quenching and very morish as was their 'Special' although that one was 6.6% and Easter Special was higher at 7.6%ish mark. Fantastic beers to end the evening on, smooth and rich.
Chicago, for anyone considering seeing it, by the way, is awesome, clever, full of catchy tunes and a selection of fine lady-arses and rippling man-torsos (depending on what you’re into, of course.) Also, most of the cast is inexplicably dressed in their underwear throughout, so bonus.
Nevertheless, Baran is always worth a visit while in Bergen for a beer enthusiast. And there is more to come! It is rumoured that Baran will start brewing their own beers soon. That will be interesting, as the management show great knowledge in beers and beer styles.
After I took a restful afternoon nap, I found my good friends Sammy and Nora, who are in BsAs for Wikimania, the traveling annual conference of devotees of Wikipedia. They are staying at Hotel Bauen, a historic hotel in El Centro. I had dinner with them at the hotel (Bife de chorizo, which is a cut of steak here), met some interesting Wikipedia people (from all over the world, but all share a recognizable geekiness befitting their devotion to Wikipedia). Then I was off to my first milonga, La Marshall, at Maipu 444. First thing I noticed, there was a surprising number of same-sex couples, especially man-to-man. In the U.S. milongas, there are often some same-sex couples too, but not such high percentages, and not so many men. Eventually I realized that it must be a gay milonga, and it was. There I saw my friends Diego (Arg) and Luiza (Brazil), and was also surprised to run into Ayano (SF). By total chance, Diego & Luiza, the two people I was expecting to see in BsAs, were sitting at the same table, as they are both friends with the woman who performed, they don't even know each other well! That was really an amazing coincidence. It was not the best milonga for ladies, since 80% of the men only dance with men, but it was definitely an interesting experience. I only danced with Diego there.
If you’re a member of the MyBreweryTap 52 Week Beer Club, then I’m willing to bet that you’re a lover of good beer. And, as a lover of good beer, I’m also willing to bet that you’re interested in expanding your appreciation for beer, for learning more about it and for becoming better at appraising beer flavour. At the heart of all that is a simple question: “do I like it or not?”, but beyond that is an appreciation for brewing technique, for beer style and history, for a whole new vocabulary of flavour descriptors and for beer ingredients and the roles they play in what you taste in your glass.
If you’ll be in the Pittsburgh area over the coming Halloween weekend, the following list, courtesy of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, is for you!
A recent case in Atlanta, USA illustrates the depravity exhibited by adult males who prey on children for their sexual satisfaction. In that case, a then 12-year old girl was repeatedly raped and sold for sex over a 3 month period by a 40-year old male friend of her mother who was supposed to babysit the child whenever her mother went out to work as a stripper.
Chiropractic care can bring about lasting remedy to CTS sufferers as well as aid its prevention in healthy persons. To begin with, x-rays and other wrist examinations are performed so as to spot trouble spots and know the gravity of the ailment. Afterwards, depending on the outcome of the test done, therapies that can help to align dislodged bones are administered to the patient. Such therapies can also take away stored up tension from nerves. As soon as this is done, the numbness, stiffness, and other symptoms that were experienced will stop.
At least one of the kids was home today so he could hold it while I took the picture. Not the best photo but better than on the floor!
--A Curse Dark as Gold by Elizabeth C. Bunce (a rich, dark retelling of the story of Rumpelstiltskin, this Young Adult book is set in England at the beginning of the Industrial Revolution)
“There are two currents working in the body; one of motor-currents or prana or the vital-airs, and the other of surat, or attention, which gives us the sense of feeling. The Saints do not touch the prana currents which govern breathing, circulation of blood, growing of hair and nails. The pranic system of breath-control is the way of yogis and not that of the Saints. The Saints’ way is to concentrate surat or attention at the single or third eye while mentally repeating the mantra of five charged names which act as an “open sesame” to the higher planes.
TRAGIC EVENT: A man was shot dead by a policeman in Cleveland while on his way to catch a train home from work. Photo: Busisiwe Mbatha
Mr Harriott said: "Besides enjoying the rugby, the people who helped us with the incident were very friendly and helpful. This is why we will stay."
4.Green chilli/Red chilli Powder : 2 chopped/1tsp
-You did your first art project at daycare
Those of you who have been long and regular readers of this blog and the blog that preceded it, will know exactly who Atyllah is. For those of you who don't, please follow the link from Atyllah's picture in the column alongside. Here, I will simply suffice to say that Atyllah is a Chicken. With Attitude. From a planet called Novapulse - that's Novapullis - New Chicken - geddit?
We got all packed up and I told Laura and my mom that I wanted to go by the NICU to say goodbye to Chase. As we wound around the halls and made our way to my baby, the tears started flowing uncontrollably. I told them I wanted to go in by myself. They waited for me and I walked in, sobbing. I went to his bedside and held his hand. I told him I was sorry that I had to leave without him. I prayed over him and asked God to send angels to watch over him while I was gone. How silly I must have looked! It wasn't like he wasn't going to survive. I knew we would take him home, I just didn't know when. But this was MY reality at the moment. I felt like a failure. I felt guilty for leaving without him. I felt like it was my fault that he was born with Spina Bifida and Hydrocephalus. I was scared of the unknown. Would he walk? Would he be okay developmentally? We had so many fears back then and there were no answers. We would only know these things as he got older.
The aperture is a device with a circular or polygonal shape, compesed by thin metal sheets that, sliding one on another create a variation of the diameter size of the aperture that controls the amount of light that get across the lens; this light in the end reach the sensor(in digital photography) or the film(in analogic photography).
The Brick by Brick, in case you’ve never been there but plan on going (for example, to Hell on Heels’ next show ;D), is tucked inconspicuously away behind the Bull’s Smokin’ BBQ and Saloon, which is also pretty awesome. Tatas Through Time was retro dress optional for the audience and, as you know, I fucking love dressing up. I called up my ex-hairdresser mom and my fabulous grandma and they gave me the most ridiculous beehive for the show. This thing was obscenely big and full when they first teased it onto my head, but my hair is notorious for not doing what hairspray wants. Check out that progression:
Parents are even more affected. Never mind that while there are about 50 children kidnapped and killed by strangers every year (according to numbers from the Crimes Against Children Research Center), there are about 1,000 killed by family members or acquaintances. Since most of us aren’t exposed to crime in our real lives very much (thank goodness), all we have to go on is what we see on TV.
He immediately accused me of being racist and then offered me around the back for a punch up. Annoyed, I readily agreed, but before anything could happen, two middle aged white males then also accused me of being a racist.
School has begun again and it is this year that Odessa's beloved Permian High celebrates its 50th year, a year that sees the oldest Westex child enter in to the school's famed halls as one small part of the tradition of MOJO.
We are looking forward with great eagerness to two things this weekend: 1) singing for one of our very favorite audiences on earth, those gathered by the Early Music Guild, and always gathered into the most beautiful and resonant spaces for us. We always feel like we can RELAX and enjoy the venue (and the coffee, and the food, and the shopping . . . ) when we come to Seattle. But THIS time, we’ll also have the pleasure of 2) working with our colleagues and friends Shira Kammen (vielle) and Peter Maund (percussion). Did I not mention that we are also their Biggest Fans? Well, consider it mentioned.
I left the office confused and frankly nervous. What if there was something wrong with her kidneys or her bladder? What if she needed more interventions or surgery?
and I started to feel sorry
Butter London lacquers are $14 at Nordstrom or butterlondon.com. I *think* The Black Knight was a limited edition shade, but I've seen it for a while, so I'm not sure what that really means.
9:55 PM – Here comes CM Punk.
Malaysia paid RM6.7 billion in 2009 for the two Scorpene submarines — Picture courtesy of shaktiraj25.blogspot.com
Upon making this realization, I asked a dear friend who lives in the Midwest: “Is it me? Why can’t I get along with people in a 20-mile radius of me? What’s wrong with me?”
Nässelsoppa is a traditional Scandinavian nettle soup, though I tweaked it slightly by adding cream to the freshly-made chicken stock for richness and body. I sauteed onions and garlic in cultured butter until softened and translucent, added the nettles and chicken stock and simmered until tender (about 15 minutes). I added a glug of heavy cream and some chopped fresh dill, ran the immersion blender through it until smooth, and then returned it to the stove until warmed through. Salt and pepper to taste, then top with crème fraîche mixed with minced chives.
I just danced around that and really internalized it.
A few hours later, around 7am, the doctor checked me again. After four hours of contractions, I had dilated only ONE centimeter! And I still had seven more to go. I was a little bummed. The doctor estimated that I'd probably labor all day and deliver sometime later that evening.
ambivalence ended up in prejudiced attitudes in other studies too. I
An alternative, of course, is that there really is nothing left in the locker - that this is the last, despairing fling to stave off the inevitable. But, with their Houdini-like skills for escaping from impossible situations, it is hard to believe that. It is all very well, therefore, for these clever people pontificating about how bad the bailout deal is, and how certain it is to fail. Even the dimmest of us knows that by now. Thus, the question stands: what have we missed?
Hops were first named for the character of their cones, e.g. Long White, Oval, Long Square Garlick; or by the colour of their bines, e.g. White Bine, Green Bine, Red Bine. (3)
Anyway, I got started priming it yesterday.
All numbers with a ~ are approximations. On day one, ~209 candidates took the APFT. The cutoff score for getting into the course was somewhere around ~285. About 151 candidates made the cutoff score. We then lost about ~12 for packing list infractions, leaving Echo Company with 139 candidates.
This website also allows you to save for certain goals – like a vacation, setting up an emergency fund, a wedding, college, etc.
You asked for it. (footnote 5)
~My husband loves award shows. Not entirely sure why as he has yet to have ever been able to convey an exact reason to me, but nonetheless we watch them everywhere. While I would have rathered not stay up til midnight to see a silent movie win, I did overall enjoy the broadcast. A few of my favorites were...
The first video is of 'Come one,come all' originally released on the Prince Melon Records album 'Mr Uddich-Schmuddich goes to town' in 1982
I molded this adorable three and attached it to a lollipop stick as a little extra whimsical decoration. Then it broke into three pieces (coincidence?) and I had to start over. I probably should have made it earlier and given it a good 2-3 days to dry instead of a day and a half. My guess is the fondant wasn't dry enough yet when I started picking it up. Oops.
I mean come on, Joseph Gordon Levitt and Lady Gaga!? I. Could. Die. Dramatic much? Me? No! Thanks totally looks like/icanhascheeseburger!
2. I do not have one working flashlight in this house. This seems odd to me given my father and sister's obsession with buying family members flashlights. Does this mean they don't love me as much as they do each other? I mean I know Grandma and my nephew outrank me in the lifeboat but really, I am beginning to think I will be the first to get tossed if the boat starts to sink.
More than 2000 years later such metaphors seem outdated. Vastness belongs to space itself.
GOnna see my mother, gonna see my father
i'm not sure.
Telling is a style of writing. And it can be done. And it's okay.
Even if the Lawrence campaign was not amongst those Peter Black infiltrated, he will have disrupted others just as serious and deserving of justice. Whichever campaigns they were, it is one of the starkest illustrations of unaccountable political policing yet unearthed in the whole undercover scandal. Whilst infiltrated groups like Climate Camp did not riot (even to the extent of putting their hands in the air chanting 'this is not a riot' whilst being batoned by police), there is undeniably some crossover between anti-capitalist environmental groups and public order situations that kick off into riots.
This is maybe the 20th time I’ve played through this game, but perhaps the first time that I noticed it is considerably easier than Mega Man 1,2, or 3. Although there are the occasional cheap kills waiting over bottomless pits (definitely guilty in Dust Man’s stage where you have no prior warning), most of the enemies don’t seem to do a lot of damage and can’t stand up against the Mega Buster. There are, of course, 8 special weapons retrieved from each robot master stage. The problem here is that most of the weapons aren’t that useful compared to the a charged Mega Buster shot. I found myself using the special weapons very rarely. Of course, a bunch of the stronger enemies don’t seem to have enough life as they did in prior installments either, so perhaps the difficulty problem isn’t just related to charging up.
After we were done, we went back to Andrea's house to hang out. Laurie came over for a bit, too, before she had to pick up her daughter from pre-school. You know, I could really get used to this "socializing" thing - LOL!
I still have no idea where my pots and pans are. It took me until about an hour ago to get the smoke detectors to stop beeping (the batteries were dying, and then the replacement batteries were apparently also too weak).
I lived in a state of complete darkness. The power I felt was great. I clung to it. I believed I finally was becoming the person I was meant to be.
Africans became full citizens, and as Americans, began to work, invent, pay taxes and move the nation forward.
The Witches Ball is one of the most popular October events in Western NJ. Next Saturday evening, October 9th, Mount Holly NJ will once again host the popular outdoor show.
You're gonna do great things I already know
That all the world will be in love with night,
"Dead Surfer's Valentine" is so fucking epic, it's almost cinematic. Opening with a wicked faded surf-guitar line, it incorporates '60s cinematic airplane noizes, the usual Horrible Houses super-minimal drumming, and what I think are humming airplane engine drone tunes. Fucking righteous, yeah?
Even as a slave or vassal you were born a prince, adorned with the crown of David.
Push yourself. Make the investment in your work, and yourself.
This can be a bit tricky. Since an OPK does not “read” the same as a HPT. A line is NOT always a positive line on an OPK. You will need your test line to be darker than or as dark as the control line. A faint test line only indicates some LH being picked up, not your surge. So keep testing until your test line gets as dark as the control line.
The boy looks up. Can’t see his eyes cos of his shades and the flop of hair.
I would have continued on and said, “This is too small and simple a symbol for that promise of being with you until the end.” But, of course, I wouldn’t say something like this. You might find it very inconsistent to my unromantic character, I was afraid.
Result updates will be posted every Sunday only.
I have to say, this recipe makes one delicious savory tart. The combination of flavors and textures is heavenly - flaky buttery crust, combined with sweet caramelized onions and creamy eggs, and crispy salty bacon to top it all off! And the best part is that you could have it for breakfast, lunch, or dinner!
His work has been published by a variety of international magazines and book publishers. In the U.S, his work appeared in Travel & Leisure Magazine consistently for 7 years. Other magazines include Le monde, Geo, Food & Wine, Town & Country, and Regal... His has worked with publishers Gallimard, and le Cherche midi. Business clients include le Club Med, Frequence plus, Hennessy, Accor, and BNP...
The band indicates Jethro Tull,Eloy,Genesis and Mike Oldfield as its influences but there is little to be heard regarding these bands.From the above bands only GENESIS echoes shine at moments,where mostly I can hear a hybrid of GENESIS,KANSAS and ELP.The result recalls other US bands of the time like MAGELLAN,MASTERMIND or CAIRO,though less bombastic.The album is quite accesible and melodic without being mainstream at all,featuring a vocalist with an expressive voice but with a mediocre result.All tracks contain soft and more aggressive moments with powerful keys and strong guitar work,nicely changing moods and grandiose instrumental parts,but the singing doesn't help,while I expected a lot more from the average epic ''Stand''.The production is decent,again it is a bit buried from some flat keyboard sounds. ''The vision'' is a good album overall and it can be characterized almost as a private press,distributed by Tom May's own label and for this reason it is rather
Sure enough, shortly before 4 o’clock we saw the mast head light of the Carpathia come over the horizon and creep toward us. We gave a thankful cheer. She came up slowly, oh so slowly. Indeed she seemed to wait without getting any nearer. We thought hours and hours dragged by as she stood off in the distance. We had been trying all night to hail our other lifeboats. They did not hear us or would not answer. We knew they had plenty of room to take us aboard, if we could only make them realize our predicament.
The track moved on to ‘Cry Me A River’. Ollie raised an eyebrow. Smart piece of kit or no smart piece of kit, this thing was going back to its owner as soon as he could figure out what palaeolithic stupidosaurus it belonged to. He glanced up in time to see his mother elbow the Doctor out of the way, hoist a wicked looking weapon onto her shoulder, and disappear into the Pandorica. At least, that’s what he thought he saw. From the Doctor’s reaction, that might not have been quite what happened. Whatever it was, it seemed to have creased the Doctor up in the middle and made him grab his head and handsfull of his hair, before exploding himself upright again and yelling ‘No no no no no!’ Then he was looking at his hands, slapping his own face, looking at his hands again. ‘Ollie, it’s a …’
That I see you – But I can’t feel you – Anymore – So go away - I need you – But I can’t need you – Anymore – You hesitate
For young Gastien Beauchamp, a life running his father’s farm feels like a prison sentence. He’s wanted to paint since he can remember, and only his mother understands the desire. Gastien is a natural artist, a lover of color, texture, light, and life, and he resolves to do whatever it takes to accomplish his dream of not just becoming an artist, but becoming an artist in the grand city of Paris.
For days, Durham residents and Duke students have rallied on behalf of sexual-assault victims, banging pots and pans, hoping to stir more action out of Duke’s president, Richard H. Brodhead. The indignation has been heartening . . .
When the waitress collects our plates, still singing, a knife slides off my plate and falls to the floor. ‘Sometimes,’ the waitress whispers, ‘it seems like the cutlery is alive.’ I’m disturbed by this notion, but we all laugh as if this wasn’t a very real possibility.
The inside is ok though. Heh.
Der Heimat zu
One thing I know, no matter where I go
It was an honest mistake.
However the CCD officers had said that they had no right to take visuals of anyone entering the CCD building.
How does Spirit speak to us?
5. And their fifth argument, losing will allow the GOP to collapse…and theoretically realign itself…despite the fact that, realignment actually usually occurs when a party wins the White House (Jefferson, Jackson, Lincoln, McKinley, FDR…and I can’t think of a realignment that occurred when the party lost…but these are libertarians, the people who ignored all the economic panics, recessions and depressions caused by the gold standard and who completely failed to notice the utter failure of isolationism throughout all of history…no shock they don’t understand how realignments work historically).
NECKLACE: MANDALA ~ EKOU Necklace/Time ~ Black
Between the time the books were written and the time the movie was made, people just stopped believing that there was anything undiscovered in this world.
Anyway, I asked if they wouldn’t mind sending me some delectable dried blueberries and poppy seeds. And they did! Very speedily, too – I got my order the day after they sent it. It probably helped that I’m in an adjacent state.
When I was young, quite young, I'd listen to my father set his watch. He set it by firing up a big, wooden Grunow tube set multiband receiver we had -- my grandfather's house radio -- on the shortwave setting, and tuning in CHU Canada, the Canadian government's time station. We'd listen to the beeps, waiting for the blank spot at 30 seconds, and then the taped announcements of the upcoming minute would come just before the minute hack, alternately in English (first on the even minutes) and French (odd minutes). CHU set their time by atomic clocks, and my father wanted all the clocks in the house to be as accurate as possible, and his watch was always set to CHU (he considered the time signal from KYW, the Philly news AM station, to be passably accurate, but really relied on CHU).
Color Challenge 373 Card:
The West Bank has been reduced to a series of discontinuous Bantustans separated by Israeli settlements, as I forecast would happen, and the new “Security Fence” breaks up these communities even more. In Gaza, the Palestinians have shown themselves incapable of undertaking even the most basic functions of a state in maintaining order, even allowing for the actions of the Israeli state in creating conditions which made that more difficult. But, the Israeli state has been able to justify those incursions, because of continued terrorist attacks, on Israel, by those elements, within Palestine, that would never accept the existence of Israel, whatever arrangements were made for Palestinians, again as I said was obvious would happen 20 years ago.
Listen to those that are in desperate needs.
Twine (Martha Stewart)
He suffered because of the sin of man. If it weren’t for us, He would not have had to go to the cross. You can see this by looking at the verses that precede Philippians 2:5. In verse 4,
GOSH nail varnish in Starry Night - £4.99
The feel of his hand on her thigh. The grass that ticked her ear as she’d lain beneath the Dogwood, its branches heavy with a blanket of white flowers. The wind that had moved, keeping time with them, raining a thousand flowers onto their bodies. The perfectly blue sky that had winked at her between the dancing branches.
as I rode home.
Brian Aldiss – Summertime Was Nearly Over
The enormous hydroelectric turbine dragged at huge cost by British troops through Taliban heartlands last year, said the paper, may never be installed because NATO has been unable to secure a 30-mile stretch of road leading to an isolated dam in northern Helmand.
It finally made sense when I got to the end of this short book, the author is an author /performer /artist…its the meandering mind wanderings of a lunatic!
It is said that their psalms rose to heaven along with the flames, until their voices faded into silence.
It's the little things like this - and not just That One - that are giving me reason to jump a little bit in the voting booth. (I did, just a teeny bit. Just a little bounce.)
GOD bless you and your family two and four-legged!
7) Paint brushes
This makes it all the more important to look at the facts now while they're still warm. When General Eisenhower's troops came across the Nazi death camps he immediately understood that the perpetrators and their apologists would later try to deny the facts and alter history. So within hours of the discovery he ordered his troops to shoot film, gather evidence, and seek out those responsible.
-Saliva became an acceptable replacement for hairspray
@PaulRevere1734 This twitter feed is run by the Paul Revere’s House organization. It has “Revere” updating about what happened in his life on particular days. It does not follow a particular timeline, but during the Battle of Bunker Hill on PatriotCast he made a first hand mention of the battle down to the correct minute. It was very cool to read.
My parents are visiting us this week from Las Vegas - yah! We spent Monday and Tuesday in Hilton Head and now we back at our house just hanging out. Honestly, I probably won't be getting much blogging done!
Okay, time to get off my soapbox and get back to my daily life.
So here is another little fun fact that I am pretty sure I've
You can choose to take the image. Or not.
For my creation I thought I would show you my little bird bath project. We had this bird bath on the other side of the yard but moved it here to fill in where our tree recently died. It was the second tree we had in this spot and did not want to replace it again. It must not be a good spot! With a little digging, planting, and painting it now looks like....
I’m convinced Houlihan’s, Ruby Tuesday, Cracker Barrel and a host of other chain restaurants are conspiring to improve my health. And I don’t like it.
I opened them and saw papers and a few pictures. I sorted through them and saw several were from a Hester Godfrey. I read a few and saw that Hester and Mom had been friends, as I read I wondered why she had never mentioned this woman.
I'm having that put on my headstone some day............
Chrislyn
Testing into 50 ohm load I adjusted the audio drive from the PC to give 100W of single tone with the ALC bargraph just about on 1 "pixel". The IC-718 is well specified in power handling terms, the PA stage can produce up to 200W if adjusted internally, so at 100W there's a fair headroom left.
A man ran into a church crying for help hysterically. “Please pray for me” he
Perhaps one of the biggest pleasures for City is that in the end, it wasn’t an unpredictable young striker or previously want-away pitbull that made the decisive contributions. Sure, Tevez predictably worked his socks off in what was a very tight, taught match, but neither he, Balotelli or any other of City’s attacking stars were at the forefront of last night’s win. City’s heroes sat predominantly in the centre of midfield, with Yaya Toure and Gareth Barry keeping United constantly and comfortably at bay. Whilst this isn’t one of Ferguson’s vintage teams, there’s no doubt that keeping his team this quiet took high concentration and effort, with both men rising to the challenge magnificently. It’s because of performances like this and Carlos Tevez’s extraordinary return from self-imposed exile that City’s fate has been wrestled back into their grasp, and they now sit atop the Premier League looking down, knowing two more victories should all but guarantee a first league title in 44 years.
Tools: Spellbinders Nestabilities cirles, Martha Stewart Punch monarch butterfly large, monarch butterfly embossing
I've tried to steer clear of the cask VS keg argument. I'm a firm believer that good beer is good beer. The way to find good beer is try lots of beer. One of the best ways to do that is to go to a good beer festival. Hold that thought.
By the time we had parked and began unloading the car, the air was smelling clearer. We unpacked all my tubs and after my tent was up and tables all arranged it was surprisingly clear...and folks were out in full force. I set up everything I had and began selling immediately. Answered prayer. No doubt about it! I did better than June, but quite as well as July. Still a good day! Hours earlier I wasn't even sure I'd be able to set up. God cleared the skies at exactly the perfect time!
ARE YOU FEELING SICK, DADDY?
In a debate published at the website of the newspaper Dagsavisen, commenter Ben Økland called me virtually every bad name in the book. He represents the Norwegian Greens, where writer Øyvind Strømmen is also a leading member. Økland terms people such as myself a “plague epidemic” of mentally deranged people and psychiatric cases who spread “poison” and “pollute society”, with our hateful paranoia acting like toxic waste.
Traditional art develops within traditional forms and it develops the forms. In his Christian paintings of the fifties Dali adapted forms to his individual vision but they are recognisably traditional forms. Dali was a genius - contemporary artists are not. They need to shock to get recognition. Real Art grows out of tradition and provides sustenance, spiritual or worldly, for people rather than negative emotions like shock or offence that are harmful.
More info than you requested, but this is about making clothing to fit our unique shapes and the challenges thereof.
CD:
Mylie Cyrus
March 28 Beachland Ballroom, Cleveland OH
The guest room is coming along, and as you saw yesterday, I even cleaned out the closet! But the room needs drapes! I originally bought plain, white cotton panels, but they looked too boring, especially against our very pale gray walls (and I'm not in the mood to paint right now). I couldn't find ready-made drapes that I was in love with, so I figured I'd make my own- or have my seamstress sew them! We'll see, I've done both before. (I made the curtains in my office and it was such a chore working with all that fabric for a beginning sewer, but I had my seamstress sew our living room and dining room drapes).
So, to reiterate: I don't think self-publishing is for everyone, or that legacy-publishing is for no one. And publishing with Amazon has been great for me, but it doesn't follow from that that it would be great for everyone. If you're conscious of your objectives and you ask the right questions, you'll have the best chance of choosing the course that's right for you.
- In Birmingham, England, it is illegal for a man and a woman to have sex on church steps after sundwon.
Cassandra, with Cassandra forming the template for sensible, cautious Elinor and herself as passionate,
I decided weeks ago to just forgive myself.
The last weeks I'm drinking so much tea plus my daily coffee dose.
Joseph Agnello, 35, New York, N.Y.
1tablespoon lime juice
MARCH 3 — A Chinese association member who attended Sin Chew Daily and Guang Ming Daily 2010 Chinese New Year celebration said that as Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak frequently attended activities held by Chinese, a friend of him told him that he will vote for Najib in the next general elections.
I had a tiny year old baby girl in the truck watching.
Rodeodriveplasticsurgery.com is the best place for you to find any information you need before you get a plastic surgery. It is located in Beverly Hills, Los Angeles, California. Here, you will get the best procedures for any plastic surgery you need so that you do not need to worry about the safety of the procedure. Besides, you are able to save your money because the plastic surgery you get will be very affordable. Just check this information, by following the links provided, to find what the best things you can get at Rodeo Drive Plastic Surgery are.
Tyndale House
Matt grew fond of the bowtie after watching the 2cnd Doctor in "Tomb of the Cybermen" and recommended the tweed jacket with the elbow patches.
2002-Daunte Culpepper: Sufferd a season ending knee injury in week 11. Never the same again.
The only thing that the energetic writing and commenting by Chechar and Tanstaafl have lead to is to make open blog discussions about Jews a dead end. I didn't think in this way before, but they have changed the landscape now. Some people who would otherwise say something about the issue will be repelled from it by them. And in this polarized situation, some people who would otherwise have kept a more balanced stance will be sucked into their warp. This since, at least to newcomers, Chechar and Tanstaafl will appear as the brave ones who dare bringing up the "truths".
The Annunaki are divided into 2 main factions, with the “bad guys” being about 1/3rd of them and the “good guys” being about 2/3rds. The “good guys” are mostly not on this planet at the moment, but are back home on Nibiru, and they appear to only have access to this planet when Nibiru gets close enough to us, which is a long involved story.
I almost finished cleaning the trellis area - I removed the huge grassy plant that was back by the fence.
The Plot: The guinea pigs love to eat dandelion leaves. They love them so much no more are left. Hungry Nibbles finds the last dandelion growing outside his window. What is a guinea pig to do?
*THE WITCHMAKER – Radio Spot
First impressions: Fourteen pages. That's how long it took for this book to completely wow me. Cat Hellisen creates a beautifully unique world with full and vibrant characters that made it nearly impossible to put the book down.
From the West:
In South Africa there are and were many examples of Diocletian’s “Problem-Reaction –Solution” tactics. The British wanted their hands on the mineral wealth of the two Boer Republics, so they blamed the Boers for everything they could in order to justify a genocide against this tiny nation of farmers.
by Din Merican
The next Nillumbik Open Studio will take place in the Shire on the weekend of May 5 & 6.
I understand that athletes have their own reasons for these moves. I've heard that many athletes don't want to move to live in Los Angeles for example. I understand wanting to "stay home" and work. But people in professional sports - as well as professionals in many other industries- understand that to make the money you think you deserve, sometimes you have to make a move to another location. It's called a business decision.
The ploughman as he turns his furrow
Being, somehow, in a continuous state of borderline poverty, I opted for the glamour and panache of travel by coach. Lille to London with Eurolines takes about 6 hours, so on I hopped, off I hurtled, towards England's drizzly shores. I enjoy travelling by coach because I like the sense of distance covered. I like to look out the windows, read the signs, visualize where I am on the map, watch the landscape change, look at the houses and countryside and the people, and imagine their lives. I chose the seat just behind and across from the driver, and settled in with my pauper's picnic, the paltry remains of salvaged food from my fridge that ''had'' to be eaten: a piece of cheddar, two pears, and a hard, stoic bread roll. Well, guess what people? You don't put pears in with other food, as my grandmother later - and uselessly, at great length - informed me. You know why? Because it TURNS THE REST OF YOUR STUFF TO SHIT. I opened my plastic bag to find a mushy purée of brown pear and sweaty cheese congealed around that trusty old bread roll. Picnic = fucked. I settled back into the chair, and prepared myself for the journey ahead. A peaceful, relaxing, mind-clearing journey. Except not, because in that unique, special way I have, and despite myself, I made friends with the bus driver, who spent the whole 6 hours jabbering away about his views on university fees, the London riots, different parts of London ("Camden? It's full of witches and that!"), DIY techniques ("See, now when I didn't have a shower at my old flat, I just used a hose-pipe and the sink"), places to live ("Amsterdam! Amsterdam is where it's happenin' mate!"). Arriving in London, he then took the coach round the long way, through Lewisham, so that he could point out and stop in front of each and every little shop that had been disturbed during the riots, slowing the bus down and, "Do you see the boarding? Do you see that boarding there? Riot, innit!" over and over again. In all fairness though, when we stopped in Milton Keynes, he bought me a muesli and honey yoghurt pot. Now that's what I call service.
In the end, it comes down to the difference between push and pull media. Twitter is a 'push' medium - that means it forces stuff at you. A trailer on YouTube is a 'pull' medium - you choose to go to YouTube and watch it. Blogs are a pull medium - you choose to go to a blog and read what it has to say. Facebook is a push medium. I suppose the guideline I'm moving towards is - do as much promotion on pull media as you like, as no one will get annoyed (they don't have to go there), but limit what you do on push media or you'll push people away.
‘The income and investment tax cuts enacted in 2001 and 2003 are set to expire at the end of the year and are at the center of a thicket of fiscal decisions that Congress must make in the next several months’.
by Margaret Bednar, Art Happens 365, July 17, 2012
You could tell
This is one of my favorite pictures of me as a little kid. Thuggin it out with mickey!
machine to finish them off..he he...any excuse.
Find yourself two knitting needles, these are pretty much primordial.
Rnd 3: K to 1 st before marked st, sl 1, k 2 tog, psso, mark last st on right-hand needle, k to end – 79 sts.
she drives the boy dogs crazy.
“Be not ashamed of mistakes and thus make them crimes.” Confucius
-Wikipedia
1. It’s Earth Month; Earth Day is April 22!
Meanwhile, we need to talk about the other fragile individual involved here. My ego. Miss Head Teacher and I were dear friends, hanging out and laughing and sharing our personal trials and triumphs. You know, friends. And, she got the idea that I should a head teacher, too. She wanted me to go to Montessori Teacher School and become a bona fide Montessori teacher. Because, while she didn't entirely understand (obviously) my educational philosophy, she was interested and open to these different ideas. She certainly didn't shut me down, and that was encouraging. Plus, these kids, ranging in age from 5 to 10, were fun to hang with. Sweet and affectionate and generous and funny and generally delightful. Some of my fellow assistant teachers were kind of bizarre, and Liam definitely had struggles with those folks, as did all the kids in fact.
First, I thought I would show you how the glitter sheets work. The kits come with adhesive sheets and glitter sheets. What I do is adhere a piece of the adhesive to some cardstock -I cut a piece just large enough for my die. Then, using my Spellbinder dies, I die cut it into whatever shape I need. Here I have chosen a heart.
Jeremiah 31:3-4 I have loved you with an everlasting love; I have drawn you with lovingkindness. I will build you up again.
"The steam engine," he decried. "Surely the steam engine is the machine that drove the revolution of society from being largely agrarian to predominantly industrial. It is to this machine that we owe the debt of a century and a half of progress."
Actually it didn't take very long. 9 gallons minus the ullage ended up as 67 pints bottled plus a pint sunk by myself. All done in about 80 minutes.
Affiliates will also receive a 10% discount on personal orders and have access to special offers.
I've been extremely busy with my daughter and grandsons' visit.
Most frightening of everything in this FSB report, however, is the reply Putin gave to Russia’s top generals yesterday when asked what preparations should be made and he answered…. “Prepare for Armageddon.”
Hale's Ales Brewery Seattle "El Jefe" Weizen Ale Bavarian Style Hefeweizen Expected to like more than I did in the past
Gale Hansen
Speaking of weddings... June 9th marked 31 years for Marylynn and I. I posted these to Facebook Wednesday and thought that I might share them here with you.
A Laxmikant Pyarelal score from 1974 (in addition to 1973, their best year I think) sporting a wonderfully cool cover; I couldn't resist picking this one up. 'Naatak' may not be quite on par with some of their best efforts from the period, but a few songs on the album strike my fancy. 'Zindagi Ek Naatak Hai' (I'm partial to the sad version) is packed with passion and drama, with an enticing intro, a stirring melody, and several nice little interludes. And is it just me, or are Bollywood songs sung by drunk leading ladies always good? 'Sabse Buri Sharab Hai' is a sexy and evocative, boozy, bluesy gem.
