How do I feel about this? Heartbroken of course. Yet, somehow, I knew. Yesterday, I had an ominous feeling that came over me. I had to urgently write my son an email and text him to read it. I was busy at work, but I sensed that my son was despondent. The point of my message to him was to let him know that I could see that he was holding back on a secret. I could see the anxiety in his eyes. I told him that there is a Darkness that wants to grab ahold of him and hold him back. I reminded him that there is also a Light, and that he needed to see that path. I was trying to tell him that I understood the grip that addiction has on him. Today, B told me that email came at a point he was actually having suicidal thoughts. He was despondent over what he'd done.
"My name is Leah, and I learned that you should never approach a horse from the front or behind."
Even the very Prussian Wilhelm II ("Kaiser Bill"), who is often seen as the man who started World War I, saw part of his duty as German monarch as being to represent the interests of ordinary Germans against the influence of the middle and upper classes. This was a significant part of the reason behind his much decried dismissal of Bismarck as his Prime Minister in 1890. Bismarck was of course a "Junker" (landowning Prussian aristocrat).
So thanks for reading and I'll be posting more soon. I'm still here. That's all. Thanks.
There are time in life when you feel that there is a great expectation placed upon you. Today was that day. By poplar acclaim, Tim and I decided the above title was the best for our first day in Oban. There really is no better title to describe the day.
C. rebellion
The man, still kneeling, finished the box and tore the tape away with a practiced jerk of the wrist. He slowly, almost reverently, put the box onto the finished pile and reached for another.
For starters, while the movie was originally exhibited in 1.85:1 widescreen, the Blu-ray is incorrectly presented in 1.33:1 format. Clearly the reason for this is that an old, very outdated video transfer was sourced.
So, a series summary is in order:
Caroline Reid, Head of Learning and Teaching
that I thought were pretty.
But if you're interested, you can always head out to the nearest Etude House outlet and get a bottle of this essence to try it out yourself.
Students are responsible for these five words and have the chance to practice them, as well as class list words during Word Work time. Students have a variety of ways to practice these words:
A gentleman answered and I explained to him forthright what I was up to and that I was respectfully asking permission to use the images for this purpose. After giving him what information he desired and exchanging some pleasantry,...and after being very agreeable the whole time, JOHN, consented.
They might as well be mythical as far as I can see. I’ve never seen an elf. Have you?
frequency of pay
I am sorry my great grandparents came here from Europe. I'm sorry they started farms, and built businesses here. Had they stayed there, I wouldn't have to worry about emigrating out of this god forsaken lump of earth at the bottom of the African barrel.
Right, that's got the dull bit over....now I have to find 15 bloggers new to me. Blimey, I can barely think about fifteen ALTOGETHER.
The Leadership Development Programme started with a classroom session at our offices to gather from each of us what represented success and to create a Personal Action Plan for change. The next part of the programme was a two day (overnight) Outdoor Learning Experience. I expected a typical layout of activities, challenges and reviews run by a typical group of outdoor enthusiasts. In fact the people running the course were not typical in any way! The resumes of the leaders were inspiring in their own right. I highly recommend reading their bios here http://www.farscapedevelopment.co.uk/team where you will realise that every one of them has something unique in their personal experience that gives them authority to speak fluently the language of strategy, goal setting and achievement, and overcoming adversity. What is particularly fantastic about the Farscape Team is that they all believe passionately in the pursuit of connectivity between team members as the key ingredient to reaching success, and they can show you practically why it matters. I think that this was the theme that stood out for me throughout the next two days.
8 ) Always apologize for any inconvenience. Whether you mean it or not. After all, there is nothing worse than inconvenience. In the lesser-known eleventh plague of Egypt, God removed all the Redboxes and 7/11s. And horror filled the land. Inconvenience is the pits. Your customer is not screaming at you because the computer monitor you sold them set their hair on fire. They’re complaining because it will be a total pain in the behind to drive over to Wal-mart and buy makeup so they can draw their eyebrows back on. Apologize. Often.
Elochukwu’s properties at No. 1
Balmy speaks to me of comfort. It’s easy to breathe when the morning is balmy. The air is very soft on my feathery face — just slightly moist. Inhaling and exhaling the balmy air is a joy in itself. The gentle breezes are cool and refreshing. All around me layers and shades of green, scrubbing the air for me. I cannot see it happening, but my spirit feels the trees working on my behalf.
I strongly recommend Arab and Arab American Feminisms. Readers may want to sample other articles because the overall anthology can be overwhelming. The introduction at least should be required readings for all who consider themselves feminists and all who want to understand a seldom-reported perspective on how Arabs view Israel and the United States.
alongside the broken-handed vendors
In 1914, he embarked on a tour of Australia. As W.C. Fields had done, he coped with the long months of loneliness by reading every book he could get his hands on. By 1917, his verbal faculties were so highly improved that they play an increasingly important part of his act. After breaking in a new act on the Pantages Circuit, he changed his name to Fred Allen so he could work the big time. (The catch 22 in those days was that the big time houses wouldn’t book any small time acts. You would have to invent yourself anew each time.)
The Sound City Acid Test
I was reminded of Grant Morrison’s comics, which are the only superhero stuff I tend to read nowadays. He would have had more interesting aliens though. And I recommend his book, Supergods, to those interested in this phenomenon. His thesis, that superheroes are breaking out of the comics and into every other medium, preparatory to actually becoming real, does seem borne out by a lot of developments. Clearly, the movies are in thrall to the costumed crime-fighter right now. Only a couple of Hulks and a Green Lantern have tanked, the rest have basically hit the button, box office-wise. Judging by the new BATMAN trailer, Christopher Nolan is continuing to take his series closer to hyped-up realism. When his trilogy ends, a further reboot is supposedly already in the works. SPIDERMAN is coming back after just ten years. And KICK-ASS was the first modern, “realist” superhero movie.
case study B: 1 has a beard 2. “5’9 3. where’s yellowish-brown plaid shirts 4.English/Creative Writing professor at George Washington University 5.gave me a free book of his poems 5. sat down in a crowded bar and asked for my story 6. edited it while everyone around him was drinking, dancing and playing pin ball 7.is open- told me lots about his ex-wife 8. never loses his cool when reading at Mina’s 9.doesn’t laugh when delivering punchlines 10. doesn’t drink 11. knows pretty much everyone I’m friends with 12. composes poems about standing still
But this desire to see our work hold value is present in everything we do. It’s a desire we have for our lives. People often say when they dedicate themselves to something that ‘they want to make a name for themselves’. What they’re expressing is what I’m getting at; a desire to be remembered for doing something momentous with our lives.
I am a person who likes my home life stable, happy and free of drama. I work hard to keep things that way. Growing up surrounded by alcoholics, criminals and sociopaths, I swore that I would never let my family life be tainted by that kind of chaos, once it was my turn. That decision had absolutely no magic 'drama-averting' effect on my life subsequently, but it did mean that, like any other vermin, problems were hunted down and exterminated as they arose, instead of being left to fester and multiply. I loved my family, I sacrificed, I made good decisions, blah blah blah blah fucking blah.
I love Christmas! The lights, champagne, the carols, the tree and the presents. But sometime it gets a little stressful trying to find a different present every year that your loved ones will enjoy. So here is my list of different presents, all from the Illawarra!
Henry does know how to cook, and when they meet in 'real time' and begin their adult courtship, he prepares a dinner for Clare's 21st birthday...vichyssoise and salmon. He wants to take care of Clare and cooking is one of his offerings...an expression of his love.
although not in the traditional wholesale structure of "store places large order which makes deep discounts to store possible", but more of a "store places one order at a time which I make and ship to buyer one at a time and store still gets deep discount kind of wholesale selling" ... sigh
God wants us to truly abide in Him and find freedom from attacks by our enemy. When we believers know that still, small voice of the Holy Spirit for clear directions in daily walking, God teaches us to pray effectively and prepares us to help others.
Ways In Which I Wouldn’t Like To Go Out.
Border: TeeshaMoore.com....Some from my personal stash, sticker sayings from Wackystuff on Etsy....and TumblefishStudios Fish from her collage sheets on Etsy and a few magazine tidbits!!!
Angela RockettEvocative, expressionistic
We followed the river to the beginning of the section we had identified on the map as least steep (all relative) and where the bold line had casually kinda sorta gone at the sign map at the trailhead where we resupplied. When we got to the base of it, I felt a little better. I could see sharp zigs and zags creeping up it and blotches of orange marking the “indicated” way. It started to rain lightly so I had to change layers quickly and while climbing, I stayed quite warm in just my tank top and shell.
I have had the miserable experience of losing valuable information on both an SD card and an External Hard Drive. Now, I'm a little paranoid about my data.
for a minute you stand there confused. and then it hits you. your baby has just farted directly in your face.
UCD were unlucky to have a point snatched from them at the death away to Sligo. Bray have made a poor start, though they were two tough games. Bray did beat UCD four times last season.
Paper: Whisper White, Poppy Parade, Buckaroo Blue, Peach Parfait, "Cogsmo"-Cosmo Cricket
I now have financial freedom without a care in the world!
11. If you have a loved one, you can spend time with them without worrying about taking the children to all their activities. You don’t have to help anyone with homework either, or put up with the public school system.
7And the angel said unto me, Wherefore didst thou marvel? I will tell thee the mystery of the woman, and of the beast that carrieth her, which hath the seven heads and ten horns.
6. Moreover, my boss is my boss. So he might very well come up with an alternative if he knows that I have genuine reason.
Being Orion's first, it was a steep learning curve for everyone, including me, but I'm pleased with the results, and impressed with the speed with which the project came about.
As a trained teacher, I took charge in designing the curriculum. The students met here at the Piedmont Offices three days per week from 8 a.m. to noon. They were not assigned specific work tasks, but they were given some hands-on assignments to complete, which taught them the value behind proper business protocol.
This will prolong any recovery we might be experiencing.
Whew...it has been a busy couple of weeks around this household!
On the other hand, you should make an attempt to find out the very best Company providing the pay day advance cash Loans. World-wide-web is the most highly effective application labels on homeopathic products and you can conduct a complete homework in regards to the different corporations giving related establishments. Annual percentage rates is really a element that you can take into consideration whilst contrasting the prices from several corporations.
This is so much harder than I could have ever anticipated. I just love my daughter.
*If it were possible, would you want to know the day you were going to die? no.
Is that how the Multiverse was created? Is Sean David Morton actually Creation, hungry for all experiences?
Kṛṣṇadāsa Kavirāja Gosvāmī says that he has been able to describe these four pastimes of Śrī Caitanya Mahāprabhu by the blessings of Śrīla Rūpa Gosvāmī. Kṛṣṇadāsa Kavirāja Gosvāmī was not actually a direct disciple of Śrīla Rūpa Gosvāmī, but he followed the instructions given by Śrīla Rūpa Gosvāmī in Bhakti-rasāmṛta-sindhu. He therefore acted according to the directions of Rūpa Gosvāmī and prayed in every chapter for his mercy.
Mekons - Original Sin - 1985
Now there are two staples to a Russian meal that are always on the table. Beets in some form such as Borshch (pic below), or in a salad, or stewed, creamed, pickled, mashed, damn I got sick of beets. Ukrainian in origin Borshch consists of BEETS, tomatoes, beef stock, wine, onion, and thats about it. Very good on those cold Russian nights.
Wednesday Bonus – A woman who is a senior in college was dating a man that studied abroad for a year. Though they agreed to break up, she eventually went to Europe to visit him and things rekindled. However, he began seeing a woman soon after she returned home, and she isn’t sure whether or not to move on and never speak to him again.
3. Comedy requires self-awareness. You’ve seen how the hippies at Occupy Wall Street seem so perplexed that people don’t take them and their “down twinkles” seriously? Well, comedy requires some ability to understand how others perceive you, and liberals are horrible at that. While most people see the left as silly nitwits, they just think everyone looks at them as these obvious geniuses. This is a big reason they have so much trouble coming up with jokes about President Obama. “How in the world are we supposed to make fun of an out-of-touch elitist who thinks he’s smarter than everyone and who has written multiple memoirs despite never having accomplished one useful thing in his entire life? It’s impossible!” Really, if you can’t make fun of Obama, you need to turn in your comedian badge right now. You can keep the gun.
Theory and practice. In theory I am quite lovely. I have a big fun heart and when with a group of people I can truly light up a room, if I choose to. I could get a pack of suicidal teenagers to spill their guts and then belly laugh their way through heart warming stories about who they’ve pashed and what inspires them.
I leave you with lines from Wordsworth’s poem The world is too much with us
Forwards
And, since we are renting this little duplex, the foot traffic marks on the light carpet were worrying me to death - - - so I practically recarpeted with inexpensive runners and rugs.
While preparing for Baby 2.0, I’ve spent hours pinning nursery artwork ideas on Pinterest. Recently, I created a canvas but I am still searching for ideas because I have a few blank walls that need to be filled. Mae Armstrong created this wonderful idea that’ll save you a bundle from purchasing on Etsy or any other store like I’ve been eying. They’re animal silhouettes!
Our friends and neighbors gave us some freshly picked peaches and I had some basil in my little garden and some fresh mozzarella in my fridge so this is what I made this evening using the french bread. A fresh mozzarella, peach and basil pressed sandwich. If I would have had some honey I would have drizzled that on as well.
has he guided her
5 At least once a day someone tries to write my car off.
The background paper on the card has that precious flower motif on the lower left. I added a Prima flower for texture.
Good ol' small towns. Gotta love them.
There’s patents, and trademarks, and lawyers. There’s Judge Judy.
DK Boscage Climber Nintendo DS
stops. Tripeo's fist bangs into Art's head and wakes him
Sam: The book follows a gifted young woman named Madison who goes on this journey, one which spirals out of her control with forces for her and against her. Despite her special abilities, she has no memory of her early years and is haunted by images she doesn’t yet understand. Along her journey, she is crushed and betrayed by someone dear to her, scarring her physically and emotionally. Her childhood friend, Nicholas, must rise to the challenge of rebuilding the love of his life in order to bring her home, far away from those who would see her harmed. He can heal her if she’d let him.
Burridge on a sunny afternoon in mid-October and not a cloud in the sky. Comrades reserves are today's opponents – a side we beat 2-1 after extra-time in a Trophyman Cup tie earlier this season. One man chooses to watch the game alone, walking slowly around the perimeter of the pitch, stopping occasionally to whisper into his microphone headset. Somewhat conspicuous in a baseball cap, tinted glasses, and despite the heat, a black mac, he fills out various forms attached to his clipboard. He is here to assess the performance of today's referee. Assessors are usually identifiable by a clipboard, a flask of hot drink, and an aloof demeanour. This one hadn't brought a flask of hot drink.
The finish was sweet ginger that dies away slowly. If you put aside any notion that this is a Stout, then this is a pleasant, if not outstanding beer. However, if you’re going to compare and contrast this with many other Stouts, I fear you will be disappointed.
Death, where is your sting?
Love you more than my lavender room spray,
or who the characters were in a book I read six months ago.
I knew this at an intellectual level. Yet I hadn’t realized the full impact until I experienced being left out. It bothered me more than I thought it would. My privilege kicked in, and I felt a bit of resentment at the gut level, while knowing fully well that this was how it ought to be, at the intellectual level.
thrown up, and it was quite incongruous, me turning up at the
Anyway, here we are, on the right day at last!
There are some excellent honky-tonkers here, such as “Me Not Calling” and “Every Bit as Proud.” Maybe you haven’t heard of them, but Rick and the boys are big in Norway — at least the town of Halden, to which they pay a rocking tribute in “Halden (Is a Hell Raisin’ Town).” In an obscure historical reference to a Swedish monarch who was killed in battle there in 1718, Broussard sings, “Those people never go to bed/They shot King Karl in the head.”
A few strands of good quality saffron / kesar / zafran
Hmmm. The top isn't open... did I imagine hearing that little "pfft" noise?
I was out at a bar with some friends and I must have taken two rolls of film, but a lot of spontaneity was captured unbeknownst to my pals.
Luckily, less august media than the BBC still exist, with Cambridge PhD international security “experts” still not on staff. And so the alert reader still had a chance to get a glimpse of the truth without high-level dhimmi varnish: “Face of evil: Azam Amir Kasab, the only terrorist to be captured alive, has confessed to being a member of Pakistani terror group Lashkar-e-Taiba.”
There's nothing more to think about. I definitely, definitely LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this one above and beyond the Hunger Games. It's no contest really for me. I love this one above and beyond almost all the YA Science Fiction I've ever read. And maybe even more than I love most of the adult science fiction I've read.
I know that God loves me, and that He wants the best for me. I have to preach that to myself over and over. It's an everyday thing. It's like a person who deals with alcoholism and wakes up every day going into the world knowing they can't have what they want. I, too, have to wake up everyday knowing I desperately want another baby, but I can't.
I thought their designs were oh so beautiful.
In a way, I guess I had.
I’ve been away from writing for over a week now, aside from my blog, and I am mustering up some serious determination to get back into the groove. That means finding an inspiration-friendly Starbucks with available power outlets and a venti white chocolate mocha. With whipped cream.
** Unfortunately due to the increased amount of submissions, I cannot feature every project that is sent to me, however I want to encourage you to try. Those that are featured get the benefit of a large audience seeing their work and linking to their blog.
Younger son Homeschool lessons at home
Will The Client List be like Ghost Whisperer where Love cries in every episode? Maybe, but honestly I hope not. I loved Ghost Whisperer, but watching Love cry on cue was almost worthy of becoming a fun drinking game all in itself — take a shot every time Melinda cries…
Renew now to make sure you
Well, I've always been wary of the U.S. linguistic imperialism that seems to be creeping into the lexicon of our language. Words and phrases such as '24/7', 'Step up to the Plate', 'OMG', 'Awesome' and 'Craft Beer' are Americanisms that deserve to stay on the other side of the Atlantic.
I am no domestic diva. As I sit here and type a sink full of dishes lie waiting. I think about two days ago I broke down and used the vacuum, but only because the carpet was such a mess even I could no longer over-look it. Often my hubby cracks first and goes through a furious whirlwind of a cleaning frenzy. Other times I finally wake up to the grotesqueness around me (usually when I realize I’m going to have visitors) and start cleaning.
Staley’s attorney, Jack Strickland, says forcibly medicating Staley, 44, is cruel and unusual punishment and should be stopped immediately.
There is no flip side on this one. It’s a harsh reality. I have at one point considered each of these plot for myself and at no point gone farther than plot a (which ended up being fruitless and disappointing) and b which is fine, for as long as I can afford it.
Everyone considers the ancient sage and teacher Confucius to be the great master, even Lao Tzu bows down to him, but even Confucius acknowledges that he himself was taught by a master.
Heat up wok and put in 2 teaspoons of vegetable oil. Put in the garlic and sauté it until fragrant. Throw in the ginger and carrot. Add Chinese chives flowers and light soya sauce. Stir fry for a short while and add in the Chinese cooking wine. Add vegetarian oyster sauce and salt to taste. Pour a little corn flour and water mixture to make to thicken the gravy. Serve with steamed rice.
News Expected.
He got me my princess ring.
She’s only 44 years old. She’s just not seasoned enough – and if you don’t believe me, just ask Gloria Steinem, age 74, or Barbara Walters, age 78, or Sally Quinn, age 67, or Eleanor Clift, age 68, or Andrea Mitchell, age 61, or Gail Collins, age 62.
It’s not like that on an electronic device, be it my trusty iPad or someone else’s Kindle. I notice my eyes don’t hurt and water as much when I’m just reading a plain old book. And I gotta say, a book doesn’t hurt when it falls flat on my face as I’m falling asleep reading.
(From my iPod's auto-downloading podcasts)
How Do You Know – Dec 17
“Great, you guys should come together”, said Dada with the voice that just couldn’t contain the happiness of having thought of a idea that supposedly seemed brilliant to him.
Ok, things didn't go exactly as planned.....
God bless you asos! They are the perfect dress up, dress down pair! As much as I am into the colour blocking dress at the moment I still do adore something as chic as these. Can leather trousers be called chic? Oh gosh I fear the lust may be taking over!
I know, I know. I just said I wouldn't miss it. And granted there are certain things that I won't miss. But I think I'll miss it more than I won't. I love this giant basketball that makes the rest of me look balanced. I love not having to suck in or worry about that lovely Buddah roll I usually have. Plus, it gives me lots of...
#11... Denise
This week the challenge is Stitch it up!! So we want to see some stitching on your card – real or faux so for those without sewing machines (or don’t want real stitching) you can doodle some stitching on your project. And here’s the fabulous prize up for grabs!
I also use Bob as my personal trainer but will switch to Gillian once the 12 week fat burning programme has finished. I changed it to 60 mins this week and I nearly threw up. I have had the return of this irritating head cold/cough so didn't do my Wii dance today but hope to do the The Biggest Loser tomorrow. Its bugging me now as I do love my exercise.
Colemanballs - a term invented by 'Private Eye' to describe sports commentators 'gaffes'. Now 'balls' meaning rubbish can be put on to all sorts of words as a suffix to indicate specific kinds of rubbish. Or 'bollocks' or 'bollox' too eg 'He's talking 'managementbollox' or some such. And quite a lot of people do.
I should mention that all of this circus crap is taking place in Zill, not in Oriana (the kingdom, not the person.) I didn’t mention this before because I didn’t know and it took a little caption that said, “meanwhile, in Oriana’s kingdom…” for me to realize. AT LEAST I CAN READ, OKAY?
but add dimples, visible abs, and a woman who hasn't seen her erogenous zone since sometime around 1995..... and you have a disaster of "Katrina" sized proportions on your hands.............
A spokeswoman for the Perth Convention Exhibition Centre which is hosting the $1000-a-head dinner and a $125-a-head motivational breakfast with the star,
So when I say that there is life after death, I mean that we should remember those left behind by a death, and remember that we have some duty of care to them to.
Sessions was dumbfounded by the answer.
“Um … because we did that in Men in Black?”
Scams can be reported to Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040 or Consumer Direct on 08454 040506
All good stuff, but in our quest to make this a learning resource, there are two things that are most exciting to me. The first is that teachers are running with it. Some have even made Food their focus for the term, with a soup theme bubbling up—both metaphorically and literally. They’ll be reading soup books, discussing food and making soup using plants from our garden (we’re crossing our collective fingers for a good spring harvest). We’re also revivifying composting at the school. We’ll be having a composting workshop and assembly, but in the meantime, one teacher created a lesson plan for other classes to discuss what can go in the bins. Teachers have also been talking to the children about what we should be planting this year. Peas, raspberries, strawberries are all on the list. (As are bananas and mangoes….not likely in our northern climate.)
I cannot really do justice to the insanity of things, I don't even know which strand to start posting about as it is all so damn messy.
Some of it is hiding in the box behind my i-pad ... I might show you next week!
No trans. Not even a mention of the initials "GLBT."
The decline slowly continued. The then Barking and Dagenham Organiser had too much to do. Some councillors were struggling with personal attacks, not to mention the mounting pressure of the bureaucratic side of council work coupled with their ward work, and still there was no support from Head Office, and no let-up in sight. And this was happening UK-wide. Yet the money was still coming in thick and fast to Head Office. No doubt it was all going into the Northern Ireland set-up.
The base premium for your policy is then multiplied by your experience modification (ex mod) to get your actual premium. For example: If the total base premium for your entire policy is $5,000 per year and your ex mod is 1.2%, the total premium would be $5,000 multiplied by 1.2%, or $6,000.
I reached the top of the pass, – very familiar ground – and started along the ridge. Reaching Yoke, I received a sharp, first-hand account of conditions. The wind was very strong and, as promised, buffeting made progress tricky.
Here’s the recipe for CRACKLE COOKIES
This close. I was this close to cracking.
It's a beautifully produced book. In fact for me, particularly at the beginning, it felt a bit OVER-produced. I did not want to move from a page printed black on white to one printed white on black; it felt fussy and distracting from the story. This is not to detract from the cover and decorations by Jim Kay, which are suitably sinister and apt to the theme.
Police and friends stood together by the vehicle for an impromptu prayer. And shamefaced, the police finished the prayer, and told them to drive on, no payment this time.
Fi and Kat agreed to take part… and that was all that could be mustered. We decided to embrace the svelte bodies and toned abs with our own tribute in the form of baked goods. We had 309 minutes of cinematic suicide to attend to, it was time to Step up.
“I do not have to give her more power. I do not have to give her more power.”
The disciples of Jesus can be expected to face persecution because of their association with Jesus. In fact, it is the claim that Jesus, and only Jesus, is the Lord which opens the disciples up to persecution.
So, I think to myself, its a Junit 4 test, grails now supports junit 4… @Ignore??
Go dig in your recyle bin and create your own creation. I dare you!
As the construction progresses, people traveling down Michigan Avenue will see the intermodal station evolve from a bare footprint to a beautiful two-story brick and glass structure surrounded by ponds and appealing landscaping.
“All our falls are useful if they strip us of a disastrous confidence in ourselves, while they do not take away a humble and saving trust in God.” -Francois Fenelon
I think the highest I ever got was 17 days. If memory serves, the very next sentence of that entry was, “That is too much to write about so I am skipping it.”
I’m tempted to write the facts his symptoms followed by his slow recovery, however, that is not to be tonight.
black magic
This is a Figurado style cigar that is tapered at both end but unlike most it is triple capped. Wow!
Like meaning.
I love that Masterchef and the modern cooking shows have really inspired people to make food that tastes great and looks amazing! I loved decorating cakes as a child but lost my passion somewhere, luckily this course reignited that passion.
today on my ipod - heavenly day (patty griffin), rise up (diane birch), hello it's me (todd rundgren), hey leonardo (blessid union of souls), how come (ray lamontagne), hideway (the weepies), hold my hand (hootie & the blowfish), hold on you (jeff bridges), the honey tree (mostar driving club), songbird (eva cassidy)
"Bargain for it, but you have GOT TO GET THAT JACKET. And get some pictures for us"
curvaceous and pale bodies. The thrushes have come
Here’s a card for them:
10 Mad House
* John Lennon: Drug addict, wife-beater. ("But he was a GENIUS!")
Kensington Palace and The Orangery
The common argument, however, is that all books are technically literary. Right? Well, yes and no. Saying all books are literary is like saying all Young Adult novels are about characters under 25. The genre labels can be misleading, which is why it's important to know what they mean.
You know, that's a lot of pressure. More so than premature ejaculation or not getting your girl off, though perhaps on kilter with not making her first experience painful (though, from what I've heard from friends, most girls don't remember anyone being particularly considerate). The partners involved have to have an extraordinary level of trust and commitment (however physical that is) if they want the pairing to be successful over the longer hall. Talk about performance pressure!
To warn me.
What I planted:
Beat the eggs, oil and sugar with an electric mixer on medium speed for 2 minutes. Reduce speed to low. Slowly add the flour mixture and mix until just combined. Fold in the carrots, walnuts and raisins.
But that’s not the case at all. In order to end inequality, you have to first admit that it exists, and that there must be steps taken at the very foundations of a culture to even things out. Merely saying, “you have the legal right to be a physics professor” to a young black girl isn’t enough if she doesn’t have the rest of the cultural framework necessary to get to that kind of a role. We may all be created equal (more or less) in terms of our drive to succeed, but none of us is an island. We all need cultural support that helps us help ourselves, especially when we have disadvantages that will create major roadblocks on the path to our goals.
* 2 extra-large eggs, at room temperature
Of the songs from the throats of the old gods
The trees about me and those on the opposite bank were also vibrating. I had an impulse to go over to the trees on the opposite bank and touch them. A part of me, I did not know which part, stood up and moved over to where the tree was standing. As I looked about from my position on the opposite bank, everything around me was in this blur of vibration. The sound of the tone I was emitting was everywhere felt and repeated this vibration over and over again and with every breath it was reinforced.
These arrows were not comically oversized, but they hurt. A lot. After taking some screen shots, I noticed I had less than two bubbles of health left. I quickly moved back into the doorway and under cover.
The full, unabridged transcript of this interview follows – and you can download and listen to it yourself here:
Attention, the VHS Prom to Dawn Night at the Races for April 28th has been cancelled. Thank you to all who were involved!
We had intended to go to a precolombian art museum (The Museo de Arte Precolombino) that stays open until 10pm after dinner, but between the altitude, getting up so early today, and needing to get up early tomorrow... we decided it best to head to bed. Hopefully we can catch the museum on our way back through Cuzco later in the week. We stopped to get bottled water on the way back to the hotel. You can never have enough bottled water when you can't drink the tap water, especially when it's important to fend off any potential for altitude sickness. So far we are doing okay!
We are always always always becoming, always. We were never meant to stay stagnant. We were never meant to "arrive" and to stay in the same place forever. Life's greatest joy comes in creating and being a creation, in creating things that did not exist before we played our part in creating them, and in becoming a creation that never existed until we grew into it, and in seeing everything around us constantly becoming something that never existed until that moment. Life is truly about becoming.
The afore mentioned examples couldn’t be farther from the truth. The fact is that there is only one answer to all the ills of society and He is the Lord Jesus Christ. When one gives his heart and life over to Him as personal Saviour all sins are replaced by the work of the Holy Spirit. 2 Corinthians 5:17 makes it all so clear.
Only this time, you know that I’m with you
It’s a simple system but you have to know how to use it. And, boy, did I use it this week!
_____Still waiting for my prince to come and rescue me.. and pound me endlessly into the night. ;)
And don't forget to include something digital in your design. This can be your main image, digi papers, sentiment, etc...
All other applicants may be eligible for completion in Fall 2012. Stay tuned for further announcements. For more information, visit the K-12 Online Teaching Endorsement webpage at: (http://edtech.boisestate.edu/idaho-k-12-online-teaching-endorsement-program/ ) or contact Dr. Dazhi Yang (dazhiyang-at-boisestate-dot-edu), program coordinator.
While chatting with a fellow nail polish lover, she mentioned to me that she was looking for an orange-red, like the sunset. She wanted something that would represent the saying "Red sky at night, Sailor's delight; red sky in the morning, Sailor's take warning. I promptly hopped up, ran to my polish lab and threw some things together. What you see here in the result.
1. Got my bloodwork back from the doctor on Wednesday – and of course nothing can ever be straight forward with me! So a few months ago I noticed pain and swelling in one of my index fingers. It eventually went away but then came back in other joints and fingers on both hands. My doctor is testing me for rheumatoid arthritis, which is an autoimmune disorder where the body attacks the joints. It can manifest in hands, elbows, hips, knees, and feet, among other places.
Wow. The size of the crowd in the parking lot made it clear that we were not going to be parking on-site. (But Sly Fox is organized: we took a shuttle bus from satellite parking, and didn't wait more than 3 minutes for it.) The rain had barely dampened the ardor of goat fans. The number estimated by Sly Fox was around 1500, down a bit -- okay, down a quarter -- from last year, though last year was a picnic afternoon on Olympus compared to this wet and raw rainfest (although we did have roving beer service this time). But do you get it? 1500 people came out in the rain to drink bock beer and watch goats race. Amazing.
Earl Grey and Cardamom Cupcakes
You're the show!
Let’s face it, The Florida Panthers are lucky to be in the playoffs. But, they haven’t been here in twelve years, so it’s hard to hold it against them. Someone had better tell Kevin Dineen that there are no loser points in the playoffs, though. The Panthers lead the league with 18 OT/SO losses. Their 32 regulation and overtime wins were just one better than Toronto. Let the games begin!
A bright floral card, exactly what any sister would like for there June Birthday. I based my card stock on the colors from the Simply Delightful designer paper and pulled out Cajan Craze, So Saffron, Baja Breeze and a hint of Pink Pirouette for my colors.
I don't mean to say "writing is hard" to bring you down, discourage you, or imply that you're better off doing something else. I say "writing is hard" because it's the truth, and I hate when people downplay it by comparing it to something ridiculously incomparable, like being a surgeon.
Monaghan United v Sligo Rovers – Friday 8.00
There is a lady who works at the Mr.'s office. She is kind, sweet, thoughtful, friendly, AND she can make a mean meal !
Create a ritual. Sometimes performing a tangible act that signifies forgiveness can help you to accomplish this emotional task. Plant a forgiveness garden, write a poem, light a candle, build a small shrine, or draw a picture to symbolize the act of letting go of old negativity.
The most common GMOs are in the U.S. are from commercialized soy (94%), cotton (90%), canola (90%), corn (88%), sugar beets (95%), Hawaiian papaya (over 50%), alfalfa, and zucchini and yellow squash (over 24,000 acres).
I see a steadfast strength in these women. It is silent. They do not talk about the sacrifices they will willingly make for their family or community. It is visible in their entire being. I see it in their eyes. These eyes are not shaded by any grandiose misconceptions. They are eyes that have lived a harsh reality.
So can someone explain to me, why we do not drive like we talk? Or do you turn the volume up, cut in, cut off and generally scare the crap out of people you are talking to?
We went back to his house, and I immediately took some Benadryl so that this night would not end with me in the emergency room with an allergic reaction to his cat. We lay in bed and talked. And by talked, I mean kissed. I told you he was an amazing kisser.
The art therapist called me to see if I was coming tonight to the class. I told her I wasn’t feeling well. In bed. True. Not feeling well. True. But I wish I could have picked up the motivation to say yes and I would have gone. Now I’m isolating myself even more by not going. Missing out on something that could help me. But trying not to beat myself up about it. It’s never good to be hard on yourself.
‘I once discounted a book for Colin Farrell. He looked like he was on his uppers,’ says Bono’s bookseller
I wondered for awhile what was wrong with me. Why did I dread writing the love scenes and got all excited to write the scary torture scenes? Did I need therapy? Probably. Did this make me a bad writer? No, no it does not. It makes me a thriller writer.
The 2003 document also invokes wartime powers to protect interrogators who violate the Geneva Conventions, for example, by the use of waterboarding — when a prisoner is made to think he is drowning.
So let’s dive right into the image quality. You’ll notice that the weather wasn’t identical for the two contenders, but lighting conditions were similar enough to make the images comparable.
This building is where THE Picasso was born. He was born in Malaga, lived here until he was 10. Returned at age 19. And never again. Apparently Paris (and his lovers) were too strong of a calling.
I’m so glad to hear from you!! I agree w/you that I believe others are in fact jealous. That’s something I’m only saying to you tho – not anyone else. Stay online on gmail till I get my laptop on so we can chat. I have a lot to tell you, k?
5:35 – Buckingham Palace Stakes – King of Jazz (14/1) e/w
Note the name: Peter Quick. That's no accident. Affinity's ambivalence over the question of "ghosts or madness", its exploration of psychological control, of possession, of power relationships, owes a good deal to Henry James The Turn of the Screw.
Now is definitely the time to TAKE YOUR PULSE!
(A huge smile spread across his face...a devious, mischievous smile) What did you have in mind?
With all that has been going on in my life in the last few years, you’d think I’d know by now that God is in control and watching out for us. No matter what has happened, He has never abandoned us. Even in our darkest hours, He has been there. Even when we’ve been in what has seemed like an impossible situation, He has saved us. There are many times I wish our situation was different – that I was making more money, that we had a nicer house, that Erin didn’t have to fight her many afflictions, that we didn’t have all the strife with certain people in our lives. But I have to step back and see that God is in control of it all. If we do our best to find out what He wants us to do, He will take us where He wants us to go. Not where WE want to go, but where HE wants us to go. Those two things aren’t always the same. In fact they often are not the same. But where He wants us to be is infinitely better than where we want to be.
And start a fire
With her dog Mama Cass (half coyote, half lab—possibly Border Collie), her guitar and one suitcase, Evie packs up her 1969 VW Van and leaves Texas behind, headed for The City of Angels. Upon arriving in L.A., Evie discovers rather quickly that five grand won’t get her very far. She takes a job singing week nights at a dive bar (Nick’s owned by washed up child actor Nick Stone), and working days at the cosmetics counter in a department store. But she also needs a place to live because living out of dingy hotels isn’t working for her or Mama Cass.
It's awards season on the blogsphere and I have had a few come my way for which I am chuffed to pieces. However I've done absolutely nothing whatsoever in terms of accepting these wonderful thoughts because, to be honest, I am feeling a bit awkward about what to do next.
Now they collided with Jesus on this often in the New Testament and people saw it. They could tell by watching Jesus that He was bringing something new to the table in relationship with God; that there was something different about Jesus’ holiness and righteousness that was not like the Pharisees.
I think the reasoning in the picture above is a little flawed. The graveyard in question is officially closed. Nobody maintains it any more. Monuments topple, history fades. But there are several generations of my forebears in there. None, so far as I know, was killed by a gravestone.
How does one discover a mission? First, what is a mission? Saving the world? Being a great healer, spiritual leader, guru, etc.?
He kept repeating it. "Too fat. Too fat." We nodded to say we understood. "Broccoli," he added. "Good poopy. Broccoli." And then preceded to trace imaginary veins up his forearms. I'm not sure exactly what that signified, but it wasn't looking good. Anyway, we'd managed to make some small talk with him ("Charlie") just because, in his direct and concerned way, despite the beatings, we liked him. He was sincere and so hard working. He told us he came from Peking (he said distinctly Peking and not Beijing, which I thought was interesting). He had lived in Alaska and Minnesota and Southern California, working in Chinese restaurants wherever he went. Now he was "too old" to work in a restaurant, so that is what brought him to San Francisco.
8 oz of fettucine
Whatever the motivation, six hawkwatches have already started counting for the fall season—four in Pennsylvania and one each in Maryland and Virginia. Typically, sites are not yet counting for full days and are often reporting for just 2-4 hours of the day.
Plans for this evening include sitting down with my Neo and writing another scene in East of Yesterday. Right now, my efforts are floating between AHM and EOY, but I think after tonight I'll know which one I'll want to focus on.
If you're a self-publisher, please take the time to fill out the survey. It's very detailed--there are 61 questions--and will take some time, but it's well worth it to generate a really solid database that will hopefully educate us all about the new face of self-publishing.
The One Club New York approached Pollen to develop the conceptual and visual theme for the One Show Interactive Awards 2012.
No fear of stepping on gross things or bees
I arrive early, but the meeting starts late, and people continue to arrive well after that. Sometimes, it will be in a place where everyone can be seen and heard, other times not. We are instructed to “tell us your name” and to answer a getting-to-know-you question. No waver is extended to those like myself who had rather be taken out and shot than to answer such questions. I can’t focus on what anyone else is saying until I’m done with my own little speech, so I hope to be among the first to go.
With all the stores and everybody putting up their decor for Christmas, I can't help but get in the Christmas Spirit. I'm such a hypocrite lol. We bought a new tree, because the one we got in base at Aafes in Germany 2 years ago took a crap after only one year. So, Home depot had a tree by Home Accents for 99 bucks! It was originally 140. So, we really got lucky. I bought two 18 piece bulb set for 5 bucks a piece at home depot as well. I got gold and silver. Very pretty. We also bought some gold and red ribbon, an made the tree topper with it. Bought out tree skirt for 10 bucks at Wal-mart.
What do my people do? Until recently it was better swept under the table than discuss the matter. It became unlawful to state a person has died of AIDS on his death certificate. How big is this denial?
They concealed their cruisers, disconnected the GPS, and left assigned areas in order to go home, visit family, or idle in other locations. One even watched a movie while working. “These deputies … essentially cheated the taxpayers out of well over $24,600 during the time of the investigation - which was from July 1, 2011 to December 31, 2011,” said Guiltieri. “We believe our findings are a snapshot of what was going on for a longer period of time. This is behavior that will not be tolerated, and they are being held accountable.”
It's here - Nacho Grande's final group break of the year!
The limitations with this project were that I was attempting to work with floral blinds that are not at all to my taste, and a fairly innocuous mushroom carpet. The expense of replacing the blinds I just couldn't justify, so I had to find a creative way to work them into my style. They were originally part of a Shabby Chic meets Laura Ashley style of decoration that the previous occupant favoured. But it was just too insipid for me. After hours of wallpaper stripping, and a month or so of living with colour chips on the wall to aid in the decision process, I tossed the whole lot out and went on instinct with this fabulous blue. "Cossack Dancer" by Dulux. Not for the faint hearted, this colour caused many an odd look at the hardware store when I was asked what on earth I would be painting this colour!
Another great thing about the iPad is the Kindle app. I *loooove* my Kindle app. So, you can have the best of both worlds on the iPad. I use Noterize to read and annotate my PDFs and the Kindle app for pleasure reading. And all of this aside, the iPad does not replace actual books in my world... I still spend a ton of time in the library, carting home physical books for research. Plus, I really love reading in the bathtub... Obviously, I can't take my iPad in there with me, so I still buy books for pleasure reading that I don't mind getting a little damp. :)
Property Tax
This challenge for me officially ends in one week on Thursday January 19th. I'm hoping to be able to complete everything by Saturday. We'll see how much I can get done in the next three days.
Heavy funk vibes spew out of 2 Days Before 2012. It’s locked down by a guitar lick as the horns spiral and drums skip like Fela is there with them all. Gallowstreet 34 starts with a Hip Hop break dropping into a wah-wah flecked riff before diverting left into a psychedelic swirl until finally arriving at a cheeky finish.
Honk! Hoooonk! Hoooonk!
Unlike other releases, Shameless have given the movie a release with the original Italian soundtrack, and an optional English Dub. Now I do find that these movies are more fun with the English dub, but I also prefer to be able to watch them with the original language option. Thanks to Shameless, that’s now an alternative. If you watch one version of Lucio Fulci’s somewhat
GIVE-AWAY WINNER to receive this amazing piece
Thomas Kinkade's The Christmas Cottage (Not for Children) ... Lifetime ... 2 AM
Of the two phases that you can rent out, I definitely like Phase II as it seems to be slightly bigger. There is so much you can do with the space... the possibilities are endless! I can't wait to do a Lanikuhonua wedding next. Maybe I should have my own vow renewal there in a few years!
On most days, the great torchlight in the sky is taking an extended vacation. Not surprising that most of the pictures taken came out dark. But I do love the contrast of the stormy sky and the colorful buildings below.
"Assume positive intent." That could mean a number of different things to different people, but again for me it's just not that complex - when you see people do things that seem strange to you, when your partner sounds stressed and snaps at you, when your children are asking a thousand questions - can you find the calmness to remove yourself from the moment, focus on the most charitable explanation for their behavior, and assume that they are intending to be positive?
She then wanted to know how she could tell whether an agent is a good agent.
1 catalogue
Anyway, the lesson here, to me, is: if you have to explain something, don't assume it's the reader's fault, assume it's yours. And take it as an opportunity to learn something about what you need to work on.
I often need to convince people that including a snapper Flasher Rig to a traditional spread can often produce the best results. Mustad has developed a range of paternoster style Flasher Rigs that has proven deadly on snapper for a number of years. These rigs are often called large sabikis and promoted as multi-hook lures that work in the absence of natural bait. Mustad promotes them as enhanced natural bait fishing systems. They are designed to be used with natural bait (a strip of fish or squid is ideal) with the flasher material acting as an extra attractor.
From behind the officer, John said, “The other two have Melissa somewhere. How far away is that car?”
Face - 1 inch circle - trimmed in slightly on one side (for cheek bone)
Later in the day he was exhausted so I took him back home to spend some quality nap time with Odda.
Further examples:
Many people over the years raised enormous sums of money for Africa. Africa is currently receiving more than $25 billion in aid - a staggering number. I wonder if Africa is not living more out of a begging bowl, than it earns through its own efforts?
teaching, and for error. They wanted the priesthood to be restored, but
6. It has to not already be taken.
It’s true, I don’t agree with what he did, but I’m not giving up on him. I don’t endorse his actions last night, but I endorse the fact that he is actually doing something to stop an evil in this world. That’s something worth talking about.
They are so versatile.
He may not have been your first choice, or mine, but right now he's the only choice we have unless you wanna see the country we grew up in disappear completely. I for one am NOT better off than I was four years ago, and I aim to change that come November. Let's take back America.
Barack Obama is the most conniving and dishonest weasel to ever occupy (or should I capitalize that word to denote the Occupy Movement that are serving as Obama’s brown shirts today?) the White House.
But I am here to say, in light of this incident in Acts 8, that all that talk just indicates one thing: there is a complete and tragic failure to realize the world’s problem in depth and to see the real situation of humanity.
Tactics as a passenger: An overcharged plasma pistol will hold down any vehicle for easy destruction- a winning combination.
THAT is why I do what I do and LOVE it! What a wonderful Christmas present :)
The three men agreed to set up a new company, to be known as Inter-Technology Inc., for the specific purpose of selling high-speed communications gear and computers to foreign countries. The equipment was legally purchased from American companies. Each man was to be a one-third partner of Inter-Technology, which, it turns out, was one of scores of Wilson-Terpil companies scattered in corporate records throughout the United States and Europe.
IMDb Rating: 6.4
Essentially I say that A DREAM IS NOT ENOUGH. It’s not enough to simply “have” or“get” a dream. The ultimate goal is to make the dream come true, come to pass, project into reality upon the earth.
I’ve lost my way it seems
Ill will towards Apple began to grow with every new report of the conditions at Foxconn. This situation is eerily similar to the public backlash that Nike faced in the last 1990′s. Both companies has amazing brand recognition, both companies contracted their manufacturing to international facilities, and both companies attracted a fashion-focused crowd, which is notoriously concerned with brand image. Both companies had a lot to lose. Ultimately, Nike decided that the labor conditions of another company’s factories where of no concern to it. This approach worked out in the worst possible way for Nike as it swap it’s sales nose dive. This is where the similarities of the two companies ends. Apple chose a different path. It acknowledged that even though Foxconn was its own entity that was capable of policing itself, something had to be done. It starts with the FLA audit. Not only is Apple a paying member of the association, but it was the company that requested the year long audit in the first place. The examination was no publicity stunt. It was praised by experts who called it thorough (Experts Say, Greenhouse). Furthermore, Apple worked with the FLA and Foxconn to vastly improve conditions at the factories. Foxconn agreed to implement numerous changes by July of 2013. To start, no worker will labor for more than the Chinese limit of 49 hours per week. Some experts have speculated that this move will force the company to hire thousands of new employees to maintain production (Electronic Giant Vowing, Greenhouse). Foxconn has also promised that even though employees will work less, pay will not decline. In fact, the company will be increasing wages for entry-level workers by as much as 25% (Foxconn increases, Chang). Tim Cooke, CEO of Apple, even visited Foxconn factories to see working conditions for himself. While these may just relatively small changes, it is a start. And it is a start that will have a tangible effect on the lives of the people that work at Foxconn factories.
In the final episode of the current series of Writing Room Revelations, three well-known and entirely wonderful children’s authors – John Dickinson, Philip Ardagh, Malorie Blackman - and Teri Terry, a soon-to-be-published debut YA author, reveal their writing room secrets by answering the questions:
My first success is Mike Napoli. I tried to get him last year via the Texas Rangers, but got my card back and a pre-printed card. I decided to take a second chance at getting him through Spring Training, hoping that they wouldn't have the pre-printed cards there or made-up yet for the year. And, I was successful!
Kurdek also mentions that most homosexuals are in relationships with others, which is a stark contrast to the emphasis that television puts on pairing up heterosexuals vs. homosexuals. Entire shows are devoted to the premise of heterosexual couples finding their mate, but queers are not given fair representation despite the same real desires.
These qualities mean your trailer can do things your book can't do, go places your book can't go. A trailer, like a haiku, captures big ideas through effective use of imagery and metaphor. A trailer conveys theme, mood, and motifs through use of color, light, and sound. A trailer vividly paints the world, the characters, and the stakes of your work. A picture, after all, is worth a thousand words, and you've got a minute or so of video.
1) Model the change you want to see
Idle Talk (12th), Battlecry (16th), Cloudy Lane (UR 15th); 2010 Cloudy Lane (8th); 2011 BALLABRIGGS (WON), King Fontaine (11th)
Jeff Hunt (REP) 6.68% 88
Seriously, you will have so many things to do and to copy and to get ready, and in your first year, it's nice to have a few of those be a little simpler! Get a solid routine down first, and then worry about shaking it up with all your new and wonderful ideas! (And don't forget to have some back-up supplies for yourself, because there will be a day that you need them!)
4. Sign up to participate in the APSCUF Lobby Day events on March 26 and 27. On Monday evening, we will have a reception in Harrisburg at Ceoltas Irish Pub from 5:30 to 8:30 p.m. On Tuesday, we will be meeting with elected officials at the state Capitol. Please fill out the following form by March 9 if you plan to attend APSCUF Lobby Day in Harrisburg.
Step 7: Bake 10 mooncakes or so at a time for 7 minutes. Remove them from the oven, cool them and bake the next batch for 7 minutes. Basically the mooncakes will need to cool for 10 minutes.
I remembered my previous shortlisted and winning essays. I’d written from my heart, opened a window for the reader to see into my soul. Somewhere between year 2 and year 3, I’d decided my views needed confirmation from others. I know how this happened. I wrote a few articles for a magazine that sculpted my outlines. They suggested who to interview. I followed their advice. I had to or my work wouldn’t be published. Some subjects require confirmation from experts but I’d carried this practice into my personal experience essays – a mistake.
Grinned happily, sat down and cried, ‘Let’s eat!’
I'm happy I can write blogs while feeding Ian.
If I had to be on facebook everyday, I would lose interest in it quickly.
It was pure enjoyment but not just because of the game. These were a collection of some very fine individuals. They made so much time for me to just ask questions and photograph them. There was a moment when I asked 4 players to come together for a pic. One guy scattered, another whistled in the direction of the dugout and I turned around to see the whole team coming towards me with bats in hand for a complete team photo (the one you see above). No smiles! No one smiled in photos in the late 1800's. These guys had all the details covered. They really were such personable fellows too. I am sorry that at this time I'm having trouble putting a name to the face in some of these pictures. This file has been sitting in a Zip-File since November. I'm sorry for that because I enjoyed the day so much. I do not have WinZip software and I'm scared to death of downloading WinZip software from anywhere for fear of the dreaded Blue Screen of Death.
Don’t worry, Lindsay. We’ll forever have “Rumors” and that Harry Potter skit from Saturday Night Live.
I have a hard time with sketches.. I definitely do NOT plan in advance what my layout is going to be. Sketches force me to 'follow the rules.' Yikes!
While, for obvious geographical reasons, the strongest fortifications were built in northern France, the Gironde coast was dotted with a number of command posts, pillboxes and bunkers. Some can no longer be seen at all: in 2002, the town of Lacanau Océan destroyed (with some difficulty) the seven bunkers which remained on its territory, a sure sign that the seaside resort wanted to rid its 21st-century landscape of these sinister remnants of the Second World War.
We know that the benefit system is difficult to navigate and we want to make sure that advice and guidance is as simple to access as possible. In many instances it would take us less time to resolve the problem with a benefit claim than having to write an explanation in an email referral for yet another Jobcentreplus member of staff to deal with.
And she has listened through the years....a lot. They say that a woman's hair stylist knows all her secrets. Well, maybe not secrets, but as you chat and visit you get to know a person quite well. Sometimes, your stylist is one of your closest confidants. And I will miss our visits and catching up as she snips away at my hair.
As one of the national winners, the SMSC will receive the Jefferson Award at a special ceremony in Washington D.C. in June 2011 along with a handful of other winners from across the country. Representatives of the SMSC will be featured guests during the national ceremony.
I would like to say that my most extraordinary muse is a larger than life gal named Kelly Diels. She’s a writer, an inspiration, and (from what I’ve read) a wonderful individual! Her blog is called Cleavage, (who’s inner Curious George isn’t piqued by THAT?!!) While lallygagging through her words of wisdom, I came upon a page about Bios/Artist Statements, and it seems that just about everything she said (about how much they such in general) applied to mine! I was not surprised by this information, I just had one of my fears confirmed. So, I continued to explore, and I accidently came upon an amazing post/tutorial she wrote called Write Your Bio with these 11 Questions! OMG I was transformed! I thought if I could write a bio like that then it would really be about ME, but it was a little scary…(and if you read it you’ll know why!)…she’s got quite the personality – which was fabulous and frightening all in the same moment of time! But it was this tutorial that got me started with my rewrite.
One thing that Sankarea has excelled at so far, without a shadow of a doubt, has been foreshadowing. Even when you know that Rea will soon be a zombie, something not so subtly given away in the first episode and blatantly hinted at in the plot synopsis, it still does a great job of not showing its hand too early. Sankarea is a show that knows how to pace itself, pulling the viewer in to its fucked up story while parceling out tiny bits of relevant plot information as it sees fit. There’s never so much said at one time that it feels like a needless exposition dump, but neither is the audience left wanting for information.
Rites of the Black Mass (2007 Dying Music Reissue)
Most accurately, however, the draft is presented by the league as a celebration of its supreme influence over the world of sports and a testament to its overwhelming impact in American culture. Even with the present day’s 24-hour news cycle, the NFL consistently manages to dominate sports coverage throughout the week of the draft, even despite the fact that an actual game has not been played since the previous winter’s Super Bowl, despite playoff basketball and hockey, and despite the advent of what is supposed to be America’s favorite pasttime’s regular season, draft week coverage consumes sports headlines. What’s more, the same monotonous batch of exhausted storylines about the draft that have already been examined and analyzed inside and out for likely several weeks or months prior, and yet they are still trumpeted among sports personalities with the same urgency of a presidential election. Regardless, fans still pack Radio City, millions still watch the live television broadcast, and the same so-called draft experts become almost permanent fixtures in sports programming for more than 72 hours, and the league wouldn’t want to have it any other way. Since the inaugural draft in 1935, the National Football League has made aggressive strides throughout the years to popularize the event, primarily by appeasing the media. The NFL’s consistent advances in the level of access to the draft each year has proven mutually beneficial for both itself and its devoted collection of talking heads, microphones, and cameras. ESPN was the first outlet to capitalize on the league’s willingness to make the collegiate draft available when it broadcast the first several rounds during the first few years of the network’s infancy in the early 1980′s. Already revolutionizing what had been an informal conference call in the years predating the public interest, the NFL has handsomely reaped the fruits of the public’s constantly increasing appetite for the draft, culminating with this, the 2012 National Football League Draft and its current format. The first round is broadcast in primetime following day-long coverage on ESPN, and this year featured the introduction of a heavier presence of sideline reporters interviewing the potential draftees as they leave their stretch limos to walk a red carpet, pose for pictures, and discuss the suits they are wearing in an eerily similar vein as the spotlight on various dresses seen on the red carpet prior to an Oscars ceremony. Several of ESPN’s own broadcasters joked about the unprecedented fervor surrounding the event in making light of the relative scarcity of actual discussion pertaining to football itself, only further affirming the role the draft has come to assume as more than a gimmick or phenomenon, but rather a justifiable institution in the sports landscape, and one that only looks to continue its upward surge in popularity and importance.
Poking around in the Sculpture Garden pictures, I found one of Benjie whose question at the time would be "What is this?"
These take tourists around to see things like where the ‘Celebrities’ live and other sites.
(Make my own mix of cola/citrus/cherry/tuttifrutti)
Shortly afterwards, Claire Smith of The Scotsman Facebooked me: Well he didn’t get banned for breaking the Trades Descriptions Act…
I owe a solid shout out to Miss Frieda and Lady Lisa who tactfully reminded me that I had no need to go bat shit crazy over the changes Blogger has made as indicated in the previous days post....all I had to do was use Reader.
It's Official!
Even though little remains of Caelondia, both Zulf’s smoking pipe and an assortment of old objects you manage to find are the key to understanding the past, even though they’re often completely disconnected from each other. This was also apparent in the game’s currency. By destroying objects you sometimes found “fragments of the old world” which you could use to upgrade your weapons and purchase items in the Bastion’s storehouse. You have to destroy in order to build, it seems.
Today's post is about a scarf I finished in about 1 hour. I always wanted to try braiding fabric like American Apparel's fine jersey braided belts. But to give the scarf also functionality I wanted to add a simple wide stripe of fabric to keep my neck warm.You surely have seen similar scarves on the internet, everywhere, and I know that it is no new invention at all. Nevertheless, I just wanted to share with you the simplicity to make one on your own.
“Yes, you did! Yes, you did! You said he was hot! Dad, don’t take mom to Rome, don’t take her!”
by Andrew G. Bostom
We also have an interview with other people who have gone through the same thing as these girls and the police have 'lost' evidence so that no cases come to court.
I’ve decided that I’ll be reducing the Monday Morning Blues & Banjo Friday series to every other week rather than weekly. As I mentioned in yesterday’s post, these series simply aren’t getting many readers at all, & the posts themselves—while generally enjoyable to write & research—are relatively time-consuming. The series will run in alternate weeks—for instance, this coming Monday I’ll run the Monday Morning Blues (with a brand new series starting up—stay tuned), but there won’t be a Banjo Friday on April 6th; then the next week it will be just the opposite.
"Tao Te Ching" by Lao Tsu*
The TrimTabs/BarclayHedge Survey for May shows that while the stock market weakened, the institutional managers polled slightly increased their bullishness compared to April (30.1% from 23.5%) while those expecting weaker prices fell from 34.1% to 28.8%. Add to that a whopping 34% who are increasing their leverage and the fact that margin debt is the highest since February 2008 and we have a very aggressive outlook from this indicator.
White Boy and The Average Rat Band, S/T, Roach RecordsBmore representing and such.
graduate to your largest pot and reward yourself
Think about that.
- 4 cups of water
It's simple. Look at your life, now. What you're doing, where your goals lie, what's ahead. What was there before? What did you think you were gonna be when you grew up? Was this the path you thought you were going to end up on?
and flyers for pizza and men
During this Christmas season, the SLA students and the staff at The Pioneer want to take a moment to thank the teachers and staff at SLA. We asked students to say what they had to be thankful for for each teacher at their school. We gathered some of the responses and hope that these make students think about the good that these teachers do. And those reading who do not attend SLA, you can see the worth of the staff here with us.
2. This week I relearned to use the bathroom all by myself. What a pleasure. Oh, life is good.
Update 2 (11:50 AM-1:50 PM):
Moon raced against the seas edge, every step was accompanied by the sound of Chav Harry behind him.
Just look at how barry won his four election battles:
Bats: Left, Throws: Right
I am afraid to think about it. I am afraid to remember. And I am so terribly afraid that my father could find it and read it. Imagining the fallout if that were to happen is almost enough to make me stop. Almost.
The hair stood up on the back of Genna’s neck, and a shiver ran down her arms as she realized what was going on. Taking a step back, she bumped into another person. The coffee guy, whose breath was hot on her neck.
She departs the reception area waving and smiling at Amber the perfectly presented receptionist with the zombie grin. "See you later" Amber chimes as she does whenever anyone crosses her foyer. Alice walks through the door with a shadow sliding sluggishly behind her, joined at the hip and desiring release.
Confrontation doesn't always need to take the form of yelling or arguing. It can be a calm interaction where you state your opinion, which is opposed to the other person. Unless you throw garbage out your window in my town. In that case you may get an earful that sounds a little something like, "Was I mistaken when I saw a big cup flying out of your window back there? I will chase you down again, you better believe it."
We offer a variety of tours. If there are jut a few of you why not join one of our regular scheduled tours which take place every Tuesday evening. Tours start at 6.30, last a minimum of 2 hours but can go on longer if everyone is having fun and asking good questions.
Aimiin
the assurance that his
Back Blurb: ‘… It’s the year 1947, and nobody’s interested in dinosaurs anymore. Less than fifty years after Professor Challenger’s famed journey to the Lost World, America’s last dinosaur circus is closing down – but the adventure of a lifetime is about to begin.’
Tempering curiosity with restraint
Confronting me my saucy Sal
OH.MY.GOSH.
The David Lee Roth version of Van Halen charted 11 songs into the Billboard Top-100 charts during his time with the band.
“They found it of their own accord, son. I had not wanted them to try their luck at it, and Ibis nearly perished from his effort with it. He had his arm frozen solid, but fortunately the difficult one over there”, she said gesturing toward Hermel, “was able to heal him, grace be from Minvar.”
These records probably aren’t for everyone, but I recommend doing what the Rolling Stone guy said at the top of this post. Give a couple of listens and see if they grow on you. They're definitely worth it.
4. Shortage of lifeboats. Titan carried as ‘As few as the law allowed’ (24 lifeboats, less than half needed for her 3000 capacity) meanwhile Titanic carried as few as the Board of Trade regulations permitted (only 16 lifeboats, plus 4 Engelhardt folding lifeboats – less than half the number required for her passenger and crew capacity of 3000).
I know, I know. This blog is all about words. Six of them, actually.
Regardless of age, or gender, or any other excuse, the person being harmed should not be blamed for their geographical location, their clothing or for being a participant in a domestic relationship.
Why does the EC keep making a fool of itself, time and again, through its silly statements? It is clear that the manipulations done to the electoral roll are very severe in nature and the thought of it all being exposed scares the daylight of the guilty parties.
I accept that I cannot do this alone. I trust that my support system won’t abandon me.
- Knickerbockers were full breeches which gathered and banded just below the knee.
35 other
I use this tool to track my activity level and sleep patterns. It has a lot more capability with the nutritional analysis as well but I am averse to duplicate entries. I track my food with Weight Watchers eTools and wish that the data I input there would link to the Fitbit. I would like to take full advantage of the tools I have but refuse to spend more time than necessary inputting information.
"Contact front!" Specialist Rodriguez called into his radio as a bullet whizzed over the dune.
Thanks for stopping by. I'll get around to visit as soon as I can.
Game balance patches must happen more rapidly. Especially when previous game balance patches have unbalanced the game, like the Stinger nerf (which I will talk about in more detail tomorrow.)
To determine whether a song is a variation of another, it is first necessary to separate the lyrics from the underlying score. The lyrics may be in a different language and yet have complete originality even if they are a literal translation.
The article continues:
Also on my desk you will notice my everlasting Choc-a-Bloc project and the little bowl of mint imperials (sorry, air dry pebbles lol!) – I am still waiting for my clay extruder to come, after which I should be able to get on. Also this week I’ve been continuing to work on the video of the making of this project.
Before we explore the secret sides to London, I'll like to offer some tips on how to travel cheaply. Admittedly, I'm not as skilled at this Travel On A Shoe String Thing as my frugal parents, but I've picked up a few tips over the years. You lovely readers will probably have a lot of ideas as well, since most of you love to travel too, so just drop me a comment and I'll add it to the list.
“And d'your really leaving? Ya phone won't be on after tomorrow?”
Only recently, on 15 February 2012, at Daulatpur village in Haryana’s Uklana region, a Dalit youth had to face the wrath of an upper caste when in a bid to quench his thirst he drank water from a pot located on his premises. Once his caste became known, his hand was chopped off with a sickle. Even though we are living in the 21 century and make claims of having the world’s largest democracy, there is little change in the attitude of the upper caste towards Dalits, literate or illiterate.
Ok, first scenario. Let’s say a blogger puts up a post that is just kinda lame or annoying or obnoxious. Maybe that blogger is usually pretty entertaining/informative/whatever, but they happen to be having an off day. As someone who puts their writing out there in the public domain, presumably to entertain/inform/whatever other people, you should be open to comments and criticism about improving your work. If your skin is so thin that you can’t handle valid feedback from strangers, you should stop writing things on the Internets. Let’s then say that a follower puts some valid criticism or observations on the sub-par blog entry in the comments section. The blogger is able to handle this without going apeshit, correct? Actually, no. The blogger and their legion of sycophantic followers will most likely flip their damned lids and start screaming “FAT JEALOUS LOSER!” at the top of their lungs. But of course, you’re the meanie and the troll, not the people flinging every insult in the book at you because you dared to have an opinion on something.
Then I decided to add the vine with the pink florettes and heart-shaped leaves.
Where the only remaining public political issue that is officially recognised as being of any legitimate interest to citizens is the question “when will the next election be held?”
Please don't judge because it completely avoids a meltdown at bed time! HA HA!
He had her there. “Go away, Ty. I need to close up.” She fumbled in her bag for her keys.
Before Parker could respond, the Taurus was rammed from behind by a Dodge truck and Sid lost control of the wheel. It was ripped from his hands. The car swerved hard to the left and bounced off a van that said Drysdale’s Electrical. Sid regained dominance over the vehicle and Johnny went back into the dashboard, then onto the floorboard.
“'Daddy’s just going to have to wait for supper tonight,' she announced.
My husband and I have been married for some time in young-people-terms. Five years have flown by at lightning speed. Feels like just yesterday I was arriving in PARIS, to live with the man I love, to leave my entire WORLD behind, to boldly throw myself into the great unknown. I had to try this life on to see how it fit.
I have a lot of respect for those tough and gritty men and women among us who venture out in every type of adverse weather to endure incredible pain as they take to the roads, tracks and trails of this great country to run. There’s no doubt that running is a great exercise, and those who run, achieve a health and vitality most of us can only dream about. As a matter of fact, I was once a member of this exclusive fraternity of road warriors until one day, after an arduous run around the block, my knees whispered to me to take a break, buy a nice, comfortable recliner, and start enjoying Monday night football.
‘Seven of Cruithne’s children divided Alba into seven divisions; the portion of Cat, of Cé, of Cirig a warlike clan, the kingdoms of Fife, Fidach, Fotla and Fortriu; and the name of each of them remains upon his land.’
"Alright Abby, you can do this, don't cry, don't cry, oh please don't cry." She thought desperately to herself.
Now, what this tale o'truth shall read,
July 19, 2011 — Prosecutors write a letter responding to a New York Times article about alleged withholding of exculpatory evidence about the chloroform searches and says they were about to give the jury a Notice of Supplemental Discovery but did not do so because jurors had reached a verdict.
A little while later, someone shined a spotlight on the people wading in the surf (although some of them didn’t realize it at the time). Back on the beach, I glanced over to see my friend Stephanie unknowingly backlit and dancing in the water. She then stumbled, fell, and was completely submerged, all with the spotlight fixed on her for all to see! Ha ha!
As I navigate the world of parenthood for the first time, I'm slowly collecting a list of tricks that makes life easier. Usually just by a minute amount, but all those tiny bits of easy add up and in the long run you have like a whole year of easy. Or something.
I got an email from a book marketer today, wanting me to write an article about what the publishing landscape will look like in 2016. I cannot imagine what it will look like. Even if the number of books published returns to the more typical 200% increase per year, by the year 2016, we will have doubled all the books that were in existence in 2011.
Bearing in mind that in general the S/N ratio at a distant station is unlikely to be much more than 30dB, the higher order IPs will be below the noise floor of most stations on the band. The only significant ones are the 3rd order products at higher than -30dBc.
He accused the people of being hypocrites and their true reason for being in a non Muslim safe country was an economic reason.
Praying for our son that he turns to God for wisdom, discernment, and the path his life is supposed to take.
We're seeking another opinion to see if there is a better way to treat this then just coping.
Drop Off ……………………………5:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.
Thank you all so much for your lovely comments on my last post (I know I always write this at the end of my post, but I really do mean it!).
7. Minha
I remember thinking something like, “Please don’t let it be a negative number. Anything but a negative number.”
Sound fun? Email us at roadshows@glassybaby.com and let us know why we should come to your town, and how we can make a difference by giving back to a cause that is near and dear to your heart.
P.S. Expect to see more journal pages that use stamps to echo a song here in the future...
2 small red chilies
Olivia did as told. She could feel Pam back the stick off her butt, but instead Pam started to ease it into Olivia’s tight pussy. Olivia started to moan as Pam slowly started to ease the cold nightstick in and out. First it was just an inch or two, then farther and farther. The stick was cold and its large diameter was more than Olivia was used to. Pam kept at it, each time pushing the stick up further and further into Olivia’s tight, moist cunt. Pam started to push it in and out faster and faster as Olivia felt Pam’s finger’s from her other hand reaching between her legs and finding her clit. As degrading as this was it was starting to feel really good to Olivia and in minutes she started to moan deeply and could feel an orgasm coming on. Within moments Olivia was spread out on the desk, writhing in delight, the nightstick humping her tight pussy like a dog.
First of all, the word “fag” is a slur. Unless, of course, you hear it in a gay bar, where it’s often used in a non-offensive, self-deprecating tone by gay men talking with, and about, gay men.
Check out the band here too.
Ed West, a blogger for the London Telegraph, is predicting that left will eventually turn to eugenics. He focuses on environmental issues and does not mention a the heritability for favorable traits but he does make one good point
My second model is much darker in mood. She reminds me of Medea or Circe, one of the strong but more unpredictable women in myth. These recent pieces are still very obviously portraits. I had hoped that by attaching the figures to architectural elements, they would become themselves another a part of the structure – just a form. The top image reminds me of a Canopic jar, used to embalm the entrails of the deceased. The bottom one was inspired by the load-bearing caryatids of Ancient Greece. Each composition has a quiet power I am pleased with, both because of the figures’ unwavering eye-contact and their unmovable posture. The blocks they are attached to seem to rely on this strength for their structural integrity. That’s a step in the right direction.
I know I should be thinking about all the things I have to look forward to, but all I can think about is the things I have lost, and am losing. We're not in a situation where I'll be flying back over to visit, or can afford to ship my things. Once we're there, that's it. I'll just have to hope that it all works out.
About twenty five people stood up.
Last week I finalized my summer travel plans to France; I'll be heading to Annecy in July, returning in August. I can't wait to see my sister and her family, and the friends I've made over the years.
The Prelude goes like this: I’ve come to understand that often the trips you make, the experiences you elect to participate in, can be most impactful and enjoyable when you really don’t know what you’re getting yourself into. You just somehow know that it’s the right thing to do, even though it makes you uncomfortable and anxious. And that’s why, when I heard about a Buddhism retreat in western Ireland (via my mother) led by Thich Naht Hanh, I decided that it would probably be a good idea.
The use of a high percentage of thin foreign malts which seldom or never give much flavour, and flaked rice and maize, also accounts largely for this absence of true malt flavour."
5) Twist (be as creative as you like)
Specs:
I thought I'd just copy here my journal entry from yesterday afternoon:
In the meantime, as promised, I have randomly selected a cat-voter to receive an autographed copy of WEIT. Taking all voters in consideration on two threads, the winner is . . .
Fighting with a stranger
Causes of Urinary Tract Infection
So, my point is that I had to go back to that hospital two years ago and relive the darkest day that I can remember in my life. It was October 25, 2009. My baby was four days old and I was being discharged from the hospital, without him. It brings back some raw and powerful emotions when I go back to that day.
I didn't learn to appreciate flowers until I started planning weddings and events. They always seem so fragile and they only last such a short period of time. But you just can't have a wedding or an event without them; it will be so boring then! Besides, who doesn't like flowers?
Infinity by Conair electric women’s razor with plug in battery charger
In reviewing books for inclusion in the food chain post, I decided not to focus on nonfiction works about the food chain, but rather picture books and poetry. I was particularly taken with What's for Dinner?: Quirky, Squirmy Poems from the Animal World, written by Katherine B. Hauth and illustrated by David Clark.
There is much hilarity in Street Trash, which is largely supplied by the lower tier hobos that populate this dingy world, especially M. D'Jango Krunch, Clarence Jarmon, and Benard Perlman. Nevertheless, I thought James Lorinz (Frankenhooker) pretty much stole the show (comedy-wise), as the clueless doorman who doesn't seem to realize that ratting out your mob employer to the police can lead to some disagreeable consequences.
So thick it's tangible
Creative tensions and jealousies, the establishment of Apple, a business and record label that nearly ran itself into the ground, family life, married life, divorces, affairs and break-ups all contributed to the inevitable end.
Bo Glies Nandfred (), Hanna Hjort (Soprano), Annette Simonsen (Mezzo Soprano),
and to understand.
If you've been thinking about heading out to Normandy to visit the American cemetery near the landing beaches, by all means do so. It's an incredibly moving experience that you really shouldn't miss. On the other hand, if time is in short supply, you can always get off the Transilien commuter train or the line 2 tramway in Suresnes just south of La Defense and head up the hill a short distance to the Suresnes American Cemetery and Memorial. In stark contrast to French cemeteries which, in my experience are pretty much solid stone, this resting ground is resolutely American: lush green lawns with crisp white markers. In fact, if anything, the white Greek temple like chapel on the top of the hill reminded me of the Custis-Lee Mansion that overlooks Arlington National Cemetery just across the river from Washington, DC. And when you look down from the hill in Suresnes, you don't see the Lincoln Memorial but there is an impressive view of the Seine and the city of Paris before you.
LAURENCE FISHBURNE / Thurgood Marshall – “THURGOOD” (HBO)
If there was one thing my mother stressed above all else while I was growing up, it was the making of the bed. I might’ve won the fifth-grade spelling bee. I may never have smoked or drank or hung out with the wrong crowd. I even won a college scholarship for writing an essay about how advertising represented freedom of speech. But I was a slacker on the practice of making my bed each morning, which explains the lack of neatness and propriety that has dogged my life ever since.
Finding The Road Back To Me was one thing. Staying on that right was quite a different journey than the first.
Lost and uncertain.
She smirked. It’s a weird little twitch that isn’t quite a smile. I don’t like the word, but I like when she does it.
WEEK 2: Kitchen Drawers & Cabinet Organization
Whoa.
This blanket will be auctioned too as well as our Olympic Blanket and the proceeds will be sent on to the Alzheimers Society here in the UK.
…you caress my wings
First, family members are late. It starts at 6:00p, and people trickle in up to 7:00p. It's winter here, and the clothing associated with that does not make for subtle entrances. Then they must sign in, get name tags, take hand outs. Sure you have to work, but your kid is in inpatient substance abuse treatment. Could you make it a priority to get here on time?
When forced with making a decision in business, count backwards from 10, think clearly, and do the right thing. If not for the betterment of the people involved in your deal, than do it for the betterment of the real estate field. As always, thanks for reading!!!
I send this warning out- if you start to feel a clogged duct- take care of it as quickly as possible because Mastitis is not just a pain in the boob but a pain in the......
1-2 cloves of garlic,grated
Honestly, I cannot fathom why the ancient Romans decided to make January 1st the start of the year. Or why everyone else eventually went along with it. To me, Spring has always felt like the Beginning of Things. It only makes sense. How can a year begin when everything around you is dead? And indeed, it was only relatively recently that western civilization adopted the January 1 date. England celebrated it on March 25th until the 1700s. A date in March, near to the vernal equinox, makes a lot more sense to me.
In research you often find yourself travelling over the same ground time and time again, looking for a crack in the armour of some mystery. I find myself returning time and time again to certain authors to see what else can be discovered about them. My latest book, Gwyn Evans: The Lunatic, the Lover and the Poet, is the result of revisiting an author I first wrote about a decade ago. Bear Alley was started so that I could share bits of research with anyone who might find it of interest. The beauty of the blog format is that I don't have to have the whole story; on more than one occasion I've admitted defeat with research and there's even an irregular feature here called "mysteries that have me mystified" for just such occasions.
of 3.5″ RL M20 anti-tank guns but
I can’t help it. I love the taste of Biscoff, chocolate and marshmallows together. They work in perfect harmony and make me want to sing. Ok, not sing, but be happy. And eat sugar in many glorious forms.
Our relationship also showed me that I can receive love deeply. I had every self doubt regarding my capability to love and be loved. You showed me that I can do both.
We can understand why the unbelieving sailors were fearfu7l as their ship was at the mercy of that terrible storm. The apostle Paul was not afraid.
There you have it. Four apps I use regularly to review, proof, read and write my work as well as that of others. The apps I’d like to see but haven’t found:
Blue waters of the warm Mediterranean
Pleased to meet you, hope you guess my name...
Other friends.
I took these little guys on one of my trips with me and there were plenty to go around. I loved them as breakfast or as a mid day snack and I hope that you will too. Some people may not be into the combination of banana AND blueberries but feel free to replace with any fruit or nut you like instead. I also prefer the whole grain taste and slight "nutty" hint when using whole wheat flour, but it is also very easy to replace the wheat using 2 cups all purpose flour. Whatever floats your boat :) Make it work for you!
1. It’s 2 ounces heavier than the Walther P22 which decreases kickback
I just realised that I haven't posted a look with my favorite jacket. I got this last September as a birthday present from daddy Segismundo. I don't know whether its the oversized body of it all, the fur or the off-green, but there's something about this piece that makes me feel artistically chic. When the military green jackets came onto the fashion trend scene, I was determined to find myself one. And luckily I didn't have to search far nor wide. One day, I was strolling with my dad around IFC Mall after work and walked into Zara with a low-expectation. You could call it love at first sight. I tried it on and fell head over heels for it. I loved how it wasn't the typical perfect-fitting jacket or the fact that it had an over-sized hoodie. I am a sucker for maxi everything and I guess my dad read my mind. But I was planning on buying it for myself after my monthly pay cheque. But on my birthday, I was presented completely off-guard with this jacket. And I have been wearing it ever since. Its the perfect piece to wear when planning to go for a more casual look, but still wanting to give a little edge.
There are a number of reasons in my opinion. Firstly, there is no rule of law and no justice. Criminals commit crimes and are out on bail within days or weeks. I thought it was a good thing when the law was reformulated with an emphasis on human rights. Now I know it was the beginning of a bad thing. Criminals are clever; they know they can literally get away with murder on the back of human rights. Secondly, I think the disbanding of the commandos has left a security vacuum in the rural areas. Crime pays nowadays, literally. Apparently, for a fee, somebody will kill anybody on your behalf. These crimes are more organised than we think.
Prior to the 20th Century we were one of the least ethnically mixed people on the planet. The Romans fought us and indeed ruled us for a while, they did not change our DNA, and as for the ludicrous Bonnie Greer's matronly fantasy about Rastafarian Romans cavorting with Celtic maidens, that remains the same historically unsubstantiated crap it was when it bubbled out of her disingenuous Quango appointee gob on Question Time.
I’ve managed to save a couple copies of the published work even after the loss of the computer they were written on. I even managed to lose the flash drive I backed them up on. So this is me, sharing with the world the most emotionally open collection of poems I’ve ever written with the entire world.
Do you think the internet has rendered traditional concepts of copyrights obsolete, or do you think they are still relevant?
We did, however, see lots of Rafe, who I adore. We learn a lot about his character in this book, which I loved, because he became more than a two dimensional brooding badboy.
The motivation, while incomprehensible to the ordinary man, is nonetheless urgent and real. The malefactor becomes the creature of his own deeds. Once the transition has been overpassed a new set of standards comes into force. The perceptive malefactor recognizes his evil and knows full well the meaning of his acts. In order to quiet his qualms he retreats into a state of solipsism, and commits flagrant evil from sheer hysteria, and for his victims it appears as if the world has gone mad.
Look that is my name .. unity artista!!
Did you do this exercise? What did you think of it?
for my life, I’m strong enough to take your pain
Popular Italian regions are Calabria, Marche, Lazio and more have popped up to 80% of your incoming calls when you visit Italy, you will need accommodation in all the santelena hotel venice italy and left their legacies in frescoes, paintings and statues throughout the santelena hotel venice italy a lake view, private terrace, cellar and covered car parking space sold for 475,000 euros last year. A small two-bedroom apartments in Italy has always held an almost mystic fascination. Perhaps this stems from its enigmatic history, its deep-rooted culture and architecture that will also please the santelena hotel venice italy to Italy and be on roaming when you stand in the santelena hotel venice italy for any other charges. You do not have to decide whether you just want to get in touch with your service provider. But that would have detrimental effect on your Italian vacation with the santelena hotel venice italy of Italy. These individuals will use one or another of these residences at different times during the santelena hotel venice italy past fifteen years. The increase in real estate. The property has occurred outside some of the santelena hotel venice italy of Italy. These individuals have found this type of investment to be paid, until five years after the santelena hotel venice italy is consummated. An Italian citizen must only pay for the santelena hotel venice italy or received.
1 May 2012
…the unreported story of our times is that birtherism isn’t an isolated example of paranoid lunacy taking hold of a disturbingly large segment of the population — in fact, modern conservatism is driven by multiple lunatic theories that are precisely as delusional as birtherism.
To Serve in Cambodia for the King of the Universe.
Yes, I know the Living Room To-Do list isn't complete. And yes, I know I swore I wouldn't begin any new projects until the 87 I've started are complete. But oh well, I'm flighty. So today I want to talk about my Dining Room. Even with no real plan, I continue to randomly acquire things for it. Some you've seen, like the tufted chairs. Others, like new drapery fabric, a light fixture and wall decor, you haven't seen. And I fear all these impulse buys are going to end up a hot mess unless I get some direction. And quickly!
I'd love to read what you think of my card.
You’re there to marvel over the new things that they discover.
That condom must be part of a reproductive science project.
And I was a goner.
Here is what most of us are thinking; if anyone has been racist – deal with them and move on.
She just waltzes through the door
The progression of civilization wasn’t slowing down for anyone but fashion was not the only thing evolving. Human beings were changing as well in regards to physical appearance. Shape was something that revolutionized the fashion industry. Women were becoming thicker and curvier further influencing fashion to show off ones figure. In the 1950′s pedal pushers and garments that pinched at the waste were popular. Elizabeth Taylor and Marilyn Monroe were icons in these times that flourished in the fashion world as well as designers like Marcel Rochas and Hubert de Givenchy. Throughout the 60′s and 70′s styles became more child like and leggy and the ideal figure to have was tall and thin. Short skirts and bell-bottoms took over with very contrasting colors and free flowing hair would compliment the brightly colored prints and unique fabrics. With the abstract fabrics and bright colors amazon and athletic styles settled in. Bright leggings, tight jeans, and shoulder pads were a few of the major trends that came alive in the 80′s. Gianni Versace was one of the great designers in this error introducing Italian style clothing for men and women. Grace Jones and Madonna were also icons in this era that will be remembered for their abstract appearance and innovative behavior.
The words Islam, Muslim, jihad don’t appear even once in Dr. Cornish’s analysis. For him, jihad is a Quentin Tarantino movie.
4. Spread chana, lemon juiceand chopped coriander leaves. Toss it so that it gets evenly mixed with the potatoes.
1 characteristics
And then when I went to wash my hands I realized there was
A fellow writer took exception to my comma usage in Light Bringer. I reviewed the first page or two of the book but didn’t change anything. If ever I were to sell the book, I will do what my copy editor suggests; until then, the commas remain where they are. I know I used a lot of them, but each one was painfully earned. While writing and rewriting the novel, I would take them out, agonize over them, then put them put them back. The next day I would repeat the process all over again.
The introduction of the wonder music gadget – iPod by Apple brought an absolute revolution in the world of audio entertainment and forever changed the way we listened to our favorite music. The iPods helped us get rid of any kind of external storage device like tapes or CDs and gave the convenience of loading our music directly in to the player and listening from it. No wonder it was quick to gain immense popularity and today for almost everyone, listening to music on the move only means an iPod.
Awaken is an amazing book with a great protagonist, an amazing boy (who's a bit too good for my taste but oh, well), and a plot that really hits home. Although the book can seem preachy (well, it kind of is) you forget about it as you move along and start to unravel the truths about the world Maddie lives in and the world we live in.
3 3/4 out of 5 – Ease of read – Dork Diaries 2 is definitely easier to enjoy without snapping my mind in two, since the layers of chic, cliche, and the like that made me despise the first book are toned down in this one. Nikki’s life is not an attempt to become infected by the school’s chic epidemic, but now a more enjoyable read that’s just as promising as it is down-to-earth. More depth in this one, but still a bit shallow. But that doesn’t mean Nikki isn’t the self-absorbed and materialistic teenager in the style she was in the first book.
We had a fun day on Saturday enjoying Louisville (post to come). Later that evening, Kevin’s other sister and her husband called. They were visiting Kevin’s parents and they thought it would be a good idea for Kevin to come and be with his dad the day of the surgery. Originally we were not planning to be there for the surgery. We thought we would wait until she was home. So we decided that night to head north for the surgery on Tuesday.
No, there's more to it. They live in many dimensions and can travel time.
One of the biggest reasons for snagging the Black and White (Tarred & Feathered) Lip Tars from OCC was to try to dupe Lime Crime's Chinchilla lipstick. It's a super cool colour you don't really see anywhere else and when I got mine I was a little upset with how dark it actually looked. Lime Crime's site describes it as a medium grey with lavender undertones.
The more you think about it, the more the whole Father Time / Weird Annus Dribblis Baby arrangement seems a little far-fetched. I still have trouble with the whole Jesus and Mary thing, not to mention Brian Eno and Brian Ferry. Call me a dumbo, but I can’t see any mother figure presiding over this annual rebirth. Maybe she’s elsewhere, dropping sprogs every December 31st only to have them kidnapped and transported to a distant dimension by an old git who, for the past million zillion millennia, hasn’t once got the Philishave he put on any of his Christmas lists. It must be sad for that mother figure, shambling namelessly in the void between hope and pelvic thrust, especially if she knows about us lot, swanning around at her expense, buoyed by the bonny bounce of a bright new year.
Those who escape death may not be so lucky as well. Because diarrhea affects nutrient absorption, it leads to lasting impact on the growth and development of a child. Growth shortfalls of up to 8.2 cm by age 7 years have been attributed to early childhood diarrhea, with profound effects on fitness, cognition and schooling observed among children who experience repeated bouts. In fact, it has been calculated that children who regularly suffer from it in the first 2 years of life can lead to a loss of 10 IQ points and 12 months of schooling by age 9 years (from Guerrant dl et al. Am J Trop Med Hyg 1999).
Rik, did he wave the big stick, or the big paintbrush for that matter?
4. Hawaiian Wedding Song
Journal measures 6 1/2 inches tall by 4 1/4 inches wide (closed). Journal features one signature with 9 pages bound with black wax thread. Total number of pages with front and back is 33 pages.
Because today I feel AWESOME.
In other news I bought a quiche from Morrisons tonight. Every time I decide to buy a quiche I end up regretting it but this one looked quite nice. Come back next week and I'll tell you if it has changed my opinion on quiches or if I get about a 1/4 of the way through and get bored.
Incomplete tracklist
This small white sailor’s cap has a light blue image of a ship’s wheel with a battleship in the center shooting three beams of light. There are two metal pins on the inside with an elastic attached for securing to Fala’s head. Fala can be seen wearing this cap in the MGM movie short “Fala” released in 1943. To see a photograph of Fala wearing the cap, please visit: http://images.google.com/hosted/life/l?imgurl=2e4d9a5edbf039b3
I took photos.
However, a lawsuit filed in May by several community organizations, including DDDB and CBN, charges that the ESDC and MTA each failed to take what the law requires, a “hard look,” at the environmental impacts, including security and terrorism.
The can also contains the spurious bullshit that due to an enhanced fermentation process more sugars turn to alcohol. Also that the beer is lower in Carbs than other leading lagers. Interestingly it is a Carlsberg product and in the great game of being the purest lager it lays claim to only 3 ingredients, water, malted barley & hops. There really needs to be consistency with beer ingredient labelling but heh, the grog is cheap.
Ericka Scott is a multi-published, bestselling author of seductive suspense. She's written stories for as long as she can remember and reads anything under the sun (including the back of cereal boxes in a pinch). She got hooked on romantic suspense in her college days, when reading anything but a textbook was a guilty pleasure. Now, when she’s not chauffeuring children around, wishing she had a maid, or lurking at the library, she’s spinning her own web of fantasy and penning tales of seduction and suspense. She currently lives in Southern California with her husband and three
I’ve had enough of the hypocrisy;
I decided to find a recipe since I cook this, using "the little of this and little of that" method. I would have told you to boil the noodles, fry the onions and cabbage, throw in some sugar and pepper and enjoy. I am not sure that would have given much guidance. In looking, I kept coming up with recipes that had sour cream. They looked delicious and I would like to try this one day but that was not my memory dish.
I skipped my photography class on Thursday morning and ohh it was glorious. I spent the evening studying for a computer science test that I would allegedly have on Friday, however this event never occurred.
Today I am a guest designer for my wonderful friend Susan at Susana's Corner! Today I did an Easter card in celebration of my Risen Lord!! :) I hope you enjoy it...recipe down below.
This is one of those grainy realtor photos that you find on Trulia or Realtor.com. Not a great shot, horrible lighting, and awkwardly cropped, and yet . . . and yet.
Do you want to hear an amusing Leif Garrett story? OK! I was home in Tucson on vacation from college in 1984, and while I was there, I worked as an extra in a movie called Thunder Alley, a terrible "Spinal Tap but not trying to be funny" rock drama starring Leif! At the same time, my friend Cheryl was planning her annual birthday house party, always a memorable affair, and I believe somebody gave an invite to Leif almost as a joke. Well, imagine our surprise at the party when there was a knock at the door and in walked Leif! Here's Cheryl's description, left as a comment in the previous post:
So I stumbled across Insatiable Book Sluts’s Award Winning Reading Challenge. In which, you have to read various literary award winners. They’ve got lots of options, ranging from Nobel Laureates to RITA award winners. Since I’m already a fan of the RITA’s (hello Outlander!) I’m choosing:
"It is written, 'My house shall be a house of prayer, but you have
To begin then, here is more of an interview with unschooler Idzie Desmarais who writes a fantastic blog called I'm Unschooled. Yes I can write.
It's not given to us to know what is in another person's mind. We sometimes think we do, but when any means of checking happens to occur, we turn out to be wrong as often as not.
And to finish a picture below of me in some of my new clothes, its not the best shot of me no idea what my hair is going but the clothes look good! It was taken at a launch I went to in London last week for a fabulous kids project I am looking after called The Land of Sometimes.
Last February 2009, me and my highschool buddies had our first trip to Palawan. Flight was scheduled at 9am and we got to Busuanga (Coron) around 10am. We stayed in at La Sirenetta. Which is about 5 mins walk to the town. They also provide breakfast, lunch, dinner for very reasonable price. They also have my favorite dangit and big steamed crabs.
and for the record, i don't understand beiber fever either...but i'm pretty sure my mom said that about madonna or cyndi lauper and her grandmother didn't understand elvis and in turn....her mother didn't understand those new fangled short skirts...or kitty wells. so i can let that one go.
Finally, Michaelann Velicky and Meei-Ling Ng proclaim the natural to be their passion, though both of them pursue it differently; Velicky is a permaculture educator, while Ng is both a farmer and an artist. Velicky realizes that humanity has a responsibility to slow the process of degradation, to preserve what little we have left, and to rebuild it from there, while Ng wants to reduce the impact of goods on the environment by repurposing products to create functional art, which does not just take up space. Ng wants it to reconnect and work in tandem with nature, while Velicky wants humanity to do the same. In their own ways, they are attempting to attain the same goal of reducing the damage done to the Earth, while making life beautiful and enjoyable.
He cannot stand to be around his father or sister at all. EVERY sound they make with their mouths -- breathing, sighing, talking, anything -- sets him off. And by "sets him off" I mean that he makes this horrible, horrible sound. A very sudden, very loud, very angry sound. Can you imagine having that directed at you repeatedly, continuously, all day long? Whenever you are around someone with whom YOU LIVE? Its effect on H has been absolutely devastating and I don't know how to help her. She can't help breathing, for crying out loud, but neither can C help his reaction to it. Neither of them is doing anything wrong! How do I fix that?
And this is perfect. The feeling of contentedness that I've been experiencing on and off lately has everything to do with the content of my life - not the circumstances, the content. The substance. It's all about what's inside the container of my life, which is related to circumstances, but only in the sense of how I perceive, experience, and integrate them.
layering one stamp on top of each other,, with inks and paints.
Bonus Tracks
Enough said yet by the cat?
Hitchens also included a piece on the way we borrow sorrow from such twisted places. The uproar over Princess Diana’s death versus Ugandan women tortured for lifetimes.
You can always tell you've been to a good film if it haunts you for days afterwards. Samson & Delilah has enormous haunt potential. And while it may not be the kind of film to make an ex-pat Aussie like me hanker for the homeland, it is a vital story, expertly told - and a movie to make this Australian proud of the talented folk his country has a happy habit of producing.
I have a feeling that this video might go viral over the next few days because let’s be honest, how often do you see an executive from a high-ranking company resign on YouTube?
the pained breath.
years have passed since the last time
Another change was the curtains. We've always had the wood blinds, which I love. I've received so many emails asking where we purchased those blinds. We bought them at Lowe's when we first moved into our home. I'm not sure if they are still available because it's been so long. I don't know the name either but I do know they are bamboo. I bought these sheers at Wal-Mart for $16.00. I changed out the curtain rod with a skinnier one to accommodate the curtain holes.
Saturday morning session started out horribly. It would go something like this, "blah blah blah............blah blah.........................................blah blah blah blah.........................................................................." Before President Monson's opening remarks were over we were already 15 minutes BEHIND because of the INSANE delays!!!!!! At first, I thought about going to my parents (but really didn't want to wake sleeping babies and load everyone up, etc), but decided against it. I decided to just be patient. Not even two more talks in, I'd felt like maybe we should pray for the internet to work better. I didn't say anything, I avoided it. Sister Cheryl Esplin of the General Primary Presidency started her talk titled "Teaching Our Children to Understand" and I still didn't pray, felt like that would be silly of me to suggest. Are you kidding me? I don't know why, but I was so upset and annoyed, I just blocked it from my mind. To top it off, she talked about teaching our children to pray!!!!!! I know I wasn't in the right mood and honestly, I couldn't really tell you what all the talks were about. I heard them.......in pieces, but didn't feel the spirit of their talks at all.
It's mediation, it's quiet and it is lovely. Had an enjoyable time.
One of the most interesting of those this weekend was entitled, "What Did I Do: Choosing a Victim," with authors Nelson DeMille, S.J. Rozan (in photo), Alafair Burke, Linda Fairstein, Tasha Alexander and Andrew Gross speaking on how they pick their victims, as well as the villian. The authors acknowledged that, these days, their victims are often sympathetic people. Burke explained that, as a reader, she was tired of the victim just being "victim number 7 -- and they had no tie to the life that was lost. It was always important to me that the loss of life would be depicted."
The other day Lynette & I were at the mall looking for her a new face powder. She was telling the lady how oily her skin was & of course the first question she asked was "are you using moisturizer & if so what kind?" Lynette said none & I seriously thought the lady was going to have a heart attack lol.
In other words, the bankers (Rothschilds) wanted a British military presence in Egypt, one which would ultimately prove very useful in defeating the Ottomans and taking Palestine under British control, when the former threatened Britain's communications with India in 1915.
because of the shopping, excitement and glamour ...
1 tablespoon cream liqueur
The publication is organised as an atlas of housing floor plans drawn from a pool of amazing projects. The content is organised in categories roughly describing the type of buildings they serve. THese include Block Edge, Urban Infill, Corner Building, Firewall Building, Solitair, Linear Block / Superblock, Apartment Tower, Terraced Complex, Space-Enclosing Structure, Residential Complex / Housing Estate, Detached House, Duplex, Row House.
10.Bloodbath In Solitude (03:25)
joseph knit
JUSTIFICATION STATEMENT AS PROVIDED BY JAMES CROOKER:
Scott Gustafson
Maltezou HC, Drancourt M. Nosocomial influenza in children. J Hosp Infect 2003; 55: 83-91.
All in PSD, PNG, JPG + ASL and ABRI @ 300ppi
This was a pic I took during a waterfall hiking trip I took with my family on the west side of North Carolina a few weeks ago. It was so beautiful, I thought it would be a nice pic to share with everyone on earth day. Our earth is so beautiful, God has given us such a wonderful place to live.
They pull off onto the shoulder. More could happen, and should. But the end of the scene has Jeannie giving birth in the back seat, while Natalie scrambles around for sheets and other stuff they’re going to need. If it was a movie you could just pull the camera back now. And that was the original idea.
First, my apologies for the photos. I am a bit picky when it comes to doing my best to get the brightest, happiest photos and this room is a dungeon. Zero natural light filtering in from anywhere. So I am struggling a bit with that... not just in photography but in general. Sigh...
Healthy Oatmeal Cookies (Okay...healthier)
Confident that he had gained sufficient distance and that it would not be easy for his pursuers to catch up with him, Mirza wants to stop and rest for a while. He was too tired.
What makes me a little sad today is that this morning, I was totally not present at all during our morning routine. I was thinking about how much work I had to get done, my projects, my new camera lens, Colden's birthday this weekend, the bills...and before I knew it, Opa was here and it was time to get Colden dressed and out the door.
With us yesterday were 4 others and the instructor, Tyler. I found Tyler to be super cool and extremely knowledgeable. He gave us lots of info on the sites and said he would try to get us to 2 new sites on the west side.
Again, the guy is either a moron or a liar. And it wasn’t even that interest rates played a part, it was the most important part. If interest rates had never been lowered, we wouldn’t have had a housing bubble. That was the fuel that kept the fire burning. So the guy seems to be completely incompetent. It is amazing that he can have that position.
Farewells are often tricky, especially with those closest to us. I wonder if modern men and women can truly relate to the farewell between Jesus and his closest friends? Certainly we have close relationships — friends, families, coworkers, neighbors — but they are very different from the premodern, primitive culture of Jesus’ day. Depending on the gospel source, Jesus and the boys were together morning, noon and night for somewhere between six months and three years. They ate together, slept together, washed together, worked together, learned together, fought together. Jesus trained his followers each and every day of their relationship, and the day came to hand the reins over to the disciples. There is absolutely no evidence that any of them were ready to assume leadership; in fact, it wasn’t clear that any of them yet understood who Jesus really was.
IBU: 20
You pray that hard times, hard times, come no more
(written with adorable cat resting tired head on keyboard and purring loudly. Life is good.)
Tough kids need tough mums..
2) Now i may be wrong on this one but it could also be due to the ! (circled in the picture below) in the header and footer in the email.Now any marketer should really always check for any typo or mistakes such as this before sending it out to public
For some reason the universe presented me with enough people and interventions along the way so I wasn’t damaged. How the people saw through the cracks in her facade used to mystify me.
Sending You These Greetings
“This week’s Get Healthy action is about giving yourself the gift of self-love and acceptance. It’s time to stop being so hard on yourself, to let go of “perfectionism,” and to celebrate your authenticity. Take 10 minutes this week to step back, breathe and appreciate who you are and where you are in your life. Write down or think of three things you love about your appearance, your personal life, and your professional life. Use these notes as inspiration during the rest of your week and don’t be surprised if feelings of gratitude arise!”
This movie should have turned out a lot better than what it turned out to be.
“But the bags of fake cob web are on special, buy eighteen get one free!!!”
Summarize the book without giving away the ending.
Helloooooooo! Lisa Sparkle here with this fortnight's challenge from The Stamp Man!
Mitch: Okay, now I’m being sarcastic.
I do hope your weekend is going well. Mine is (other than the Nickjr. site not working).
1-2 Cups of Peas
Here's Vicky on Sullivan's Island with her youngest daughter in tow. Vicky and Howard's girls are all grown up now as are my own, but I will cherish the memories forever.
I once started writing a story with a stark premise to explain such an unlikely shift from hopeful progress to stagnation. In it, some nasty aliens negotiate a pact with President Elect Ronald Reagan - similar to the one he worked out with the Iranian Ayatollahs. The aliens would stop supporting the USSR, propping up that incompetent, thuggish state, allowing it to crumble...
(oh oh!! You could even use it for a little soil turner!!)
This collection is only available from 9 a.m. on April 16th to 8 a.m. on April 20th. There will be no late sales offered.
Everything in your car
My sturdy desktop, however, is not yet wireless. The 24 hour Failstra connection guru tells me that I need some sort of adapter for my 3yo outmoded technology ("desktops...do they still exist?"). I find it somewhat amusing that my wireless adapter will be coming via snail mail and not arriving in the fireplace in a puff of green smoke.
It didn’t work out.
Slowly onto a napkin.
Journal Entry
Hurricane
the fir tree I
It really wasn’t a yes or no … so we’ll just have to wait and see if “The Rock” makes the cut.
When I miss Piper, I miss every little thing that I will never get back. This is a punch to the stomach but still I chose to believe that there will come a day we will be reunited. And I pray that heaven won't be too wonderful to leave me forgetting to relive the things I so miss about being the mommy of Piper.
ZYPRS Blog (zyprsblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
G.R. No. L-2044
AntiVir Personal offers effective protection against computer viruses for the individual and private use on a single PC-workstation. It detects and removes viruses and includes an Internet-Update Wizard for easy updating.
Firecracker Jazz Band ,Ziggurat
Sex. It's a big subject. A big, still slightly awkward subject.
“If you become a Queensland Lungfish,” said his mother,
Awesome at giving you confidence to actually read the Bible for yourself and understand it. Really clear and really helpful and instantly practical.
Step 4: Stick it to the fusible webbing.(follow manufacturer's instructions)
After all the vacillations last week when I was choosing works to show in my next exhibition it may not be a total surprise to discover that I have changed my mind yet again! Unfortunately when I finally put all the works in the bags I will use to transport them to the gallery in it became obvious that, although I could carry them, moving them some distance on foot would not be a very pleasant experience – so pragmatism won the day and I reluctantly took out the largest two pictures:
It’s already been discounted online to £209.99 and you can bet that price will drop further if they don’t fly off the shelves, so if you think the price is a little high, bide your time and it’ll come to you.
My husband and I, never really wanting to use that four letter D-word (diet!), have been actually following a self-inflicted diet and fitness regime for the last two weeks. Today I’m thrilled to say that I have finally broken my first weight barrier!
My kids clothes seems to eat more food than my kids do, so having their favorite shirt stained is not uncommon here. I tried Baby Harmony's Stain remover was found it works well! Kyra had gotten some spaghetti sauce on her shirt, I sprayed some stain remover on the stain, rubbed it together and threw it in the wash. After retrieving the shirt from the dryer I noticed the stain was gone! I absolutely love this product! No more stains!!
But I’m no martyr. No victim of life or qadr.
and detailed instructions explaining how to create the project.
but even this water can reflect the top of the trees
The first mobile service was also launched in Kolkata in 1995.
And it looks like our good friend Bo from Lost Girl may have some competition in the strong, sexy female lead department.
The silver has a gruesome history. The 142nd had captured some Germans with a wagon-load of silver ingots that had apparently come from the teeth of Jews killed in concentration camps. Since there was obviously no way to return this silver to its rightful owners, the 142nd melted it down into cups for their officers and a huge punch bowl, engraved with Regimental insignia and a listing of the Regiment’s engagements in World War II.
This is one of my favorite color combinations and has been a trendy
Samsung has once again raised the bar for 3D TV makers, the recently unveiled 3D TV ranges D8000, D7000, D6900 have created a stir on the Hi-Def market with so many Innovative new online features, improved image quality, lighting speed refresh rate, easy to use interface, deeper contrast ration, just to name a few. The D7000 series is a step from the D8000′s and D6900′s but that doesn’t mean they lack the high-end innovations introduced by Samsung for its latest range of 3D TVs. The only difference between the D7000′s and the D8000′s is the lack of the fancy…
Author, animal rights Philosopher, Founded the Hayward Friends of Animals Humane Society
The bad apple would have been my ex. For those that have read some of the chapters from my journal I had been putting online... You know what I'm saying. Those that want to read send me an email and I'll send you the website addy ('dispatcherandofficer' gmail address).
December 15 - Christopher Hitchens, writer ("Vanity Fair"), 62
currency and “create” currency through the Reserve Bank by simply issuing
In a food processor, combine the walnuts, breadcrumbs, garlic, cumin, coriander, red pepper flakes, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper; process until finely ground. Add the lentils and 1 tablespoon of the oil; pulse until coarsely chopped--some lentils should remain whole.
“PPs?”
Stress causes an increase in a hormone called cortisol that can cause obesity. People’s bodies, those who experience high levels of work related stress, release cortisol in response to the ‘flight or fight’ factors found in the brain. Cortisol causes excess belly fat. A study done on the difference between regular shift workers and irregular shift truck drivers shows a marked increase in cortisol production for irregular shift truck drivers.
"It should be sufficient to say I am Juan Pablo Castel, the painter who killed Maria Iribarne", an opening sentence that provides us with perhaps the only certainty in this novel and a clear indication that what will follow is a confessional. Holed up in prison after his trial Castel determines to set it all down so that we (and that includes him) might understand why he killed. But this isn't really a novel about motivation or the application of logic (though god knows he tries), as we follow our narrator on a tour of the art scene in Buenos Aires and his pursuit of the one woman he feels may understand him we also go on a journey into the dark recesses of his mind, a place where anger, jealousy, intolerance and loneliness combine to leave him with no choice other than to destroy his one hope of salvation.
Congratulations, Zenyatta!
After spending these past few years performing non stop, it has been such a delight to put all that aside for now…
1 bell pepper, chopped
And if being sterilized against your will is not bad enough, there are also reports of long term suffering because the procedures were botched.
Either way, we’ll know soon enough, right? Here's hoping because until they actually confirm/announce the identity of the actor/actress playing the new companion, rumours like this one will persist. Personally I'd be open for Sophia Myles being the next companion more than Reinette returning (and I liked Reinette). What does everyone else think?
Don't mind come on up and see me
6. Add the washed fish.
Little Trav loves it just the way it is! He was pretty sad when I took it straight downstairs...
The present author has carried out an extensive modelling study of a very different nature based on a Social Accounting Matrix (SAM) for South Africa. This is a useful instrument which can be used to establish the economy and society-wide consequences of alternative macro-economic policies (Roukens de Lange, 1989), as well as of alternative economic structures such as the consideration of parallel formal and informal economies (Roukens de Lange, 1992).
Last friday I made a pissa ( No '-'s again on this puter! Here it is so you can know what I am talking about! I made the base too, and it turned out quite tasty. The topping had artichokes, peppers we had grown ourselves, fresh herbs from the garden, and plenty of stick on the hips cheese of course! Oooh and tuna, it was delish!
until the nation took vengeance on their enemies.
Oh, I’d say it’s definitely an organic process. They help inspire each other. I have so many sketchbooks filled with drawings, so a drawing may spark an idea but then they develop together.
It really is the Best Medicine.
Yeah, well I knew as much as a grain of salt in a five gallon bucket about turning out delightful pastry five days a week. I am getting educated. Seriously. I am in good caring hands, I am under a woman who wants to see me succeed. I want her to succeed in her role as lead chef. She is a pretty righteous woman and I am pretty damn lucky to have such a great opportunity.
It wouldn’t, of course, if we were better at separating perception from reality. But seeing crime after crime on TV, it’s hard not to feel at least a little nervous. After all, our brains are hardwired to react to dangerous situations. It would be nice if they filed dramas under “Don’t worry!” and TV news under, “Tabloid crap (and weather)!” But in fact, it all gets thrown in the hopper and stays there a very long time. (Anybody have a hard time picturing Hannibal Lechter?)
Pink necklace - Goodwill
Until we do, their will never be world peace, and we can protest, think positive thoughts, study Zen ,do affirmations till the cows come home, but until strong, moral, responsible action is taken, regardless of public opinion, we are guilty of being the one good man that does nothing.
MTF
How to waste writing time:
Following his HSN premiere, Turner will interact with HSN's Facebook fans during a live post-concert chat.
which made us realize how much EASIER just 2 kids are,
The most enjoyable aspect of a winter sojourn in Gulmarg is the friendly atmosphere. It is like being in a family where everybody knows every one else.
But to be blunt, those companies will crunch the numbers. If they come out ahead in what they will recover versus what it will cost, then my guess is they will do it. It certainly won't be altruistic.
Today’s tips included this great fact: If you want to keep up with the Joneses, be prepared to go into debt.
He was going to kill me after I ate my cheeseburger with ketchup, large fries and a Coke.
Yes, another mailing.
And here I am, just a few days ago, in front of the very same wall:
Started the day and week off right with a barbell strength class (I believe also known as body pump and many other gyms). Always a good workout! For some reason Ryann was a mess the rest of the morning, incredibly clingy and whiny. "Just hold me mama." So I obliged. She took a three hour nap (I woke her at 4, I don't care if you aren't supposed to wake a sleeping kid, I just don't let her nap past 4). It must have been a good nap, check out that bed head! Later the hubs and Ry were being goobers while he was outside grilling.
So off I'll go then!
As a believer of more than three decades, I tend to find my greatest temptation is to rationalize neglecting time spent WITH God by instead trying to do things FOR God. Busyness. It’s a curse, isn’t it? And I’m not just talking about the necessary things we do each day in relation to family or jobs, but rather, things like going to church or Sunday school or Bible study; witnessing to others; organizing or serving at church functions. Sure, those are good things, and I should hope that as born-again believers, we are involved in those necessary works. But why are we doing them? Because we’ve somehow slipped into the cult mentality that it can help us earn our way into heaven—or because we are so grateful to Jesus for already paying the price for our admission to heaven that we now want nothing more than to love and serve Him?
Breakfast By the Lake (find the mistakes)- More 365 Activities for Kids on November 27
Size: 2" x 3.5"
Thirty minutes passed….forty five minutes passed…I got in the car and drove over there. The girl on the check-out, who knows Paul well, told me that he’d been in but had left again straight away but that she thought it was strange because he’d headed in the opposite direction to our house. She also remembered that Poppy had been with him.
Shea Butter:Reapply often. I have some of this in house at all times for many different health and beauty recipes and to use on its own. Shea butter is a VERY healing substance. Again, may not be real stable in hot conditions.
07-27 Somerset, WI – Soundtown Festival
“Erm… I’m not!” I said, after a moment, trying to reassure her.
What else is there to say about the Regiment? The official title is “Uhlanen Regiment Kaiser Alexander II von Russland Nr. 3 (1. Brandenburgisches)”. It was created on 11th of May 1809 from those members of the first Hussar regiments Nr. 1 and Nr. 2 that did not go on campaign or remained behind as replacements. They were expanded to 4 squadrons in the process. Since the Hussar regiments Nr. 1 and Nr. 2 were the Leibhussaren, the nucleus for the regiment was formed by some of the best troopers Prussia could muster at that time. In 1812 they provided two squadrons for Napoleons campaign against Russia where they took part in eight battles including Borodino. During the 1813/14 campaign the complete regiment took part in a total of 21 actions beginning with the siege of Glogau and ending in Paris. Obviously they were also at Leipzig. They saw action once more in 1815 including Ligny and Waterloo, although by that time their uniforms had changed.
May 14, 2012 to May 20, 2012
16Cursed is he who does not give honour to his father or mother. And let all the people say, So be it.
Like a gambler's moving to cover bets
The App links with your iPad’s photo and iTunes libraries, and you can record sound directly into each page.
This entire scenario appears surreal and insane until one reads the National Union of Journalists (NUJ) guidelines on racial reporting, at which point all becomes clear:
Krista Ackerbloom Montgomery, Cooking Light
She looked so powerful. Like she could rule the world. I loved when she’d dive right in when we were in a crowded hotel pool—as always, she was completely oblivious and unconcerned with her surroundings, or if anyone was watching. Not that she was an expert diver or swimmer. It was the freedom in it: she plunged in and swam.
Even if we were to do and achieve all other things, but not ever experience meditation for ourselves, and by experience I don’t mean in words or feelings, visions or sensations, practice or learning, but with the whole being that we are, as it truly is. It will be as if we had achieved nothing, did nothing and died without ever understanding who we really are, and what life really is.
Last year, I learned a lot about friendship. I learned a lot about unconditional friendship. I am usually a giver in most of my relationships. Last year, I learned how to receive and to shake the feeling of owing others for how they decided to bless me. God prompted friends to send books, gifts, notes, cards, phone calls and text messages at just the moment I needed them. Financially and emotionally, I haven't been able to reciprocate as I normally would like to. I have learned that true friendship doesn't constantly need this type of reciprocation. True friendship gives and takes. I learned that 1 Corinthians 13 isn't just a romantic love chapter. Those that have endured this last year with me are my true friends. This was a painful lesson. I hope I learned it well. Together, my friends, we're making it!
Son: "So, where will I go?"
Who's the genius now?
A very special blogger, Tina, felt the pain my family suffered when we had to put our sweet Savanna to sleep almost 2 years ago and she offered to give us an amazing gift....
(Click on the coaster photos (by Joe Schwartz) for more)
In a day or so, the Queen should eat her way out of her cage. The candy cork was removed and a mini-marshmallow was stuffed in. This was a trick we learned at the Beekeeping Workshop earlier this year. This delay will prevent the other bees from killing her (if she releases too soon).
terrore! L’alidià (The Beyond) 1981, when a band of villager’s once again take vigilante justice into their own hands. A face being smashing against side of mountain as character plumages to death and presents insightful inner dialogue at the same time, much like the opening visions that torment Jennifer O’Neil in The Psychic. Amusingly enough the film also features a first poke at Disney and primarily Donald Duck. A Donald Duck doll is decapitated and it’s torso dragged around. Originally Fulci wanted the movie to be titled Don’t torture Donald Duck, but when Disney protested, the title was changed. Exactly ten years later the killer of Lo squartore di New York (The New York Ripper) 1982 would disguise his voice and talk like Donald Duck, and Fulci finally got his poke at the cooperate suits of Disney Co.
unless one is born of water and Spirit
Then we noticed smoke in the air.
"Bake cookies and wrap presents like normal people," she replied. Normal people. I haven't been a normal person in December since I got a harp 23 years ago.
1st Prize - All 5 New Sets
multiples group. On Tuesday, I was invited to speak with PAMOM (Plano Area Mothers of Multiples) and I learned a very important lesson. If you haven't done your speech in about a month, you should probably practice a couple of times before doing it again. When I spoke with Rainbows United last month, I was very well prepared (with a ton of help from my family), and afterwards, I felt very good about my performance. When PAMOM invited me down, I went back through my first speech, added some stuff, subtracted some stuff, but it was about 75% the same. I found out I was a little overconfident, because I stumbled around for the first couple of minutes, but after I found my groove, the rest of it went well. The audience was awesome, it was a lot of fun getting to meet some other multiples families and overall
Plus:
ONCE UPON A TIME, there was a boy who didn’t like himself very much. It was not his fault. He was born with cerebral palsy. Cerebral palsy is something that happens to the brain. It means that you can think but sometimes can’t walk, or even talk. This boy had a very bad case of cerebral palsy, and when he was still a little boy; some of the people entrusted to take care of him took advantage of him instead and did things to him that made him think that he was a very bad little boy, because only a bad little boy would have to live with the things he had to live with. In fact, when the little boy grew up to be a teenager, he would get so mad at himself that he would hit himself, hard, with his own fists and tell his mother, on the computer he used for a mouth, that he didn’t want to live anymore, for he was sure that God didn’t like what was inside him any more than he did. He had always loved Mister Rogers, though, and now, even when he was fourteen years old, he watched the Neighborhood whenever it was on, and the boy’s mother sometimes thought that Mister Rogers was keeping her son alive. She and the boy lived together in a city in California, and although she wanted very much for her son to meet Mister Rogers, she knew that he was far too disabled to travel all the way to Pittsburgh, so she figured he would never meet his hero, until one day she learned through a special foundation designed to help children like her son that Mister Rogers was coming to California and that after he visited the gorilla named Koko, he was coming to meet her son.
I've been studying emotions for a little while now. I should be on week 8, but since my "slump", I'm only on week 4, which I have beat myself up for until yesterday.
Minister: Can we release a few more of the minor criminals early?
First, I need to say that this doctor may have exaggerated the extent of my disease and I may indeed have a few more years. Maybe this is what is known as denial or maybe the doctor really does not know his craft that well.
And in Deutsche Bank National Trust Co. v. Harris, Judge Arthur M. SCHACK, Kings, New York, Index No. 39192/2007 (05 FEB 2008):
I know it’s like an educational process that we all have to go through, and get that piece of certificate to serve as a safety net and most importantly, “fit in” with everyone else.
15. The Modern Jazz Quartet - Woodyn You
6. Divide the gnocchetti among 4 or 6 plates. Garnish with additional cheese and serve immediately.
For me 90% of the things that I thought would never happen to me or I would never do, always ended otherwise. IS it only me or does it happen with you too?
This was the dark ending to such a bright, loud, colorful career, for the football player known as “Say Ow.” An ex-Falcon named Ray Easterling killed himself on April 19. So that is two suicides in two weeks for ex-NFL players. It feels like an epidemic. Maybe we will never get an answer about why it was Junior Seau this time. Or maybe we don’t have to get hit upside the head to know the answer already.
Ok the details...image is from Digi Darla Designs, called Daisy Delight .Got the Fab DP from my stash for the background, then I took some Coredinations pink and ran it through the cuddlebug with a floral folder, but instead of sanding it I inked it up, then on the image, I colored with my prisma color pencils, then cut out with a spellbinders die, then layered it on top of this fab paper I made with Glimmer mist (bubble gum and Marigold) and photo paper...(wish i would have thought to take a pic of the photo paper before I put the digi image on it) then I stitched around that. added some ribbon from stampin up, and some gems...Found this cute sentiment in my digi files, chalked it and distressed it and she is Done!!! what do you Think???
Joe Ely, who is known as The Lord of The Highway due to his never ending tour schedule, is the real deal in working class authenticity. Jimmie Dale Gilmore sounds just like - no one, except Jimmie Dale Gilmore. His high, lonesome tenor I’m sure made any coyotes wandering down nearby arroyos feel at home. Butch Hancock was just in Santa Fe this past February for a solo show at Gig Performance Space, and you can also occasionally hear him when he accompanies over night raft trips on the Rio Grande River at Big Bend National Park in Texas. Together they take turns on lead vocals, and asking who the best songwriter is among them is like trying to pick mint chocolate chip ice cream over double chocolate chunk or rocky road.
So I filled my tank on Tuesday night, and I started driving like a ‘granny’ as soon as I left the petrol station. I cannot believe I’m admitting this… But I can already see a drastic improvement in my fuel consumption. I’m quite stunned actually, in a very good way! And in all honesty, I’m quite enjoying the ‘chilled’ drive, just brushing off other idiots on the road, just sticking to the rules of the road and doing my thing. And you know what I’ve realised but taking the ‘chilled’ approach? There are a lot of drivers out there who not only don’t know how to drive, think they own the roads and are just plain a**holes, but if everyone just took a chilled approach to driving, there might just be a lot less accidents on our roads.
All of the latest technology and R&D available to us was implemented in the 2500D — years of experience in the SPL lanes and in customer vehicles has all been taken into account. We feel that the 2500D is a very wort… Read More >>
What I wore...today:
Any violation of this Circular shall be cause for the dismissal of the complaint, petition, application or other initiatory pleading, upon motion and after hearing. However, any clearly willful and deliberate forum shopping by any party and his counsel through the filing of multiple complaints or other initiatory pleadings to obtain favorable action shall be a ground for summary dismissal thereof and shall constitute direct contempt of court. Furthermore, the submission of a false certification or non-compliance with the undertakings therein, as provided in Paragraph 1 hereof, shall constitute indirect contempt of court, without prejudice to disciplinary proceedings against the counsel and the filing of a criminal action against the guilty party.
Still, it must have given her a warm glow and writers need this. They need constant praise from reviewers, fans, peers, academics and family members, because their work is necessarily solitary and without feedback. This is why they experience such pain when they get a bad, or even snide, review.
The show will air on TLC next year :)
Dirt and death, redemption, sunshine and life. They are all out there. Put your tongue out and taste them, some are sweet, some are ever so bitter. But they flavour life. Fear, and anger, lust and craving, they are out there too. Walk in the rain, feel it lash your face. Hold up your hands, let the rain fall on them and feel the chill. Then lick the rain from your fingers. Taste the salt and the dirt.
Materials: Elsebeth Lavold Silky Flammé
MK: Fine. They keep telling me how to behave.
Share a favorite scene from the book.
A woman was talking about the fundraiser with her neighbor from another town. The neighbor's boys had just gotten a signed Adrian Gonzalez Red Sox shirt at a fundraiser the previous weekend. The dad paid about $300 to win it in an auction. The boys heard about the fundraiser for the boy their age who was battling cancer in their neighboring town. They gave their new and treasured shirt to our fundraiser and said, "We want it, but he needs it". The shirt went on the live auction with some Red Sox tickets and a dinner. The package went for $1000 and the woman who bought it is sending the boys back their shirt. She got thinking during the bidding that there was no way she was not going to win this so she could send the shirt back to the boys.
Racked: 07-30-2009
As he inches along, he’s getting monkey-in-the-middle pressure from the Moon’s nodes, which will crest next week. The tension is forcing out into the open simmering aggressions and impelling choices between falling back into old behaviors and thinking or striving toward ones that are healthier for one and all. (That spells more support for lifestyle changes!)
A girl may want to wear boys clothing, want to engage in rough play, and often is considered a tomboy. Sometimes the feeling of having the wrong physical sex will continue into adolescence. A transgender teen will feel increasing discomfort, even disgust with his or her body as sexual development begins. These feelings and behaviors are considered symptoms of a gender identity disorder.
- Also on the 21st, in Marquette, MI, the low temperature beat the previous record high.
I don’t think I understood two words that woman said.
“but because Jesus lives forever, he has a permanent priesthood. Therefore he is able to save completely those who come to God through him, because he always lives to intercede for them.”
Here is a really dark, worthless video, shot with my iPhone, of the camera in my basement. This is early version, with the wrong lens. This video shows a modern Fuji 450mm lens instead of the Petzval. All the black plastic that you see in the video is the camera itself. One day, when I get a real camera, I’ll do a better video.
4. Cheerios
* 1 1/2 pounds ground turkey
And so the Board affirmed the refusal.
Seat 3: lapointe1111 ($5.50 in chips)
***A reader emailed me to say that the addresses for Willow Street were differently numbered before 1865 and that this ad probably refers to a neighbor of 70 Willow Street. In that case, I'll replace that fact with one I should have mentioned in the lede of this article -- as reported by Brownstoner, the $12 million final price tag for 70 Willow Street makes it the most expensive house purchase in Brooklyn history. Does this mean that nobody has yet bought my dream apartment in DUMBO?
If you have already made the switch to the Electric Zebra we hope you enjoy spending your huge savings.
88 min: Mata delivers a corner … Terry heads at goal … and Santon clears of f the line!
Wanting what you need is all you need to do
I did this little ink and watercolor sketch of where I work. It's Santa Fe Dry Goods on the Plaza in Santa Fe, New Mexico. I am grateful for it for many reasons. Here are five of them:
Lawyer Fadiah Nadwa Fikri told The Malaysian Insider the Paris tribunal has no jurisdiction over the Malaysian seen as a key witness in the ongoing hearing over allegations government officials were bribed by French defence giant DCNS.
Friday highlights included a panel on the pros and cons of using real places in stories. If you use a real setting, get it right, because readers will tell you that Main Street doesn't intersect with Maple Avenue. And, common sense also dictates that if you're going to set a scene in a restaurant, it's probably not smart to give your characters food poisoning.
Likewise, Moore says it’s important to play to win. In business, that translates to knowing the competition and always staying at least one step ahead. “Operate your business with integrity and have respect for competition, but you also need to seize opportunities to eliminate your competition and win.”
because that was the name of his dog
Get those mustaches, knickers, and monocles ready! If there are new folks joining which there are, here are some photos of other city Tweed Rides to show you how folks are dressing:
18 - Jerry Wallace - If You Leave Me Tonight I'll Cry - 2:45
Now we turn to Maryland. If you are assuming that the Maryland cap we already discussed will limit Dad’s damages, you are only partially correct. While Maryland does cap the pain and suffering component of medical-malpractice awards, just like it caps personal-injury awards, it caps them at a lower amount. Thus, while the pain and suffering cap if Dad is struck by the physician’s car is $770,000, the pain and suffering cap, if the physician causes the injury in the medical setting is $710,000.00. Thus, Dad’s total recovery in the Maryland medical malpractice case is $3,210,00.00. If you want to read the separate Maryland malpractice cap, go to Md. Code Cts. & Jud. Proc. § 3-2A-09.
“The largest party should have the right to form an administration. We’d sit down and look at what the common ground was with whoever is the largest party. We’d need to look at how our councillors get on with their councillors. If there’s going to be a change in the administration, then there has to be a process of careful negotiation.”
Over the past few years I have been branching out and exploring new things during my free time. Things that could provide me a little supplemental income to help me pay off my credit card debt. I was tired of baby sitting during my weekends that I cherish, and I had taken a job making cold calls for a telemarketer before and it was the WORST job ever. So I started to research a more creative outlet. One day while browsing the internet for ideas I found a pretty neat idea….”Mystery Shopping”. I had always heard about it, but didn’t really know it was possible for me to do. I read online about how mystery shopping could be done by almost anyone. I had always thought of mystery shopping as a full time gig at a magazine or newspaper and trying to write up elaborate reviews on businesses in order to be published in the next issue. However, there is a way to become a Mystery Shopper and its free to almost anyone. As long as you can read and write and have an SSN, you can do this. I followed the articles guidelines and signed up on a few accredited websites and before I knew it I was a a real mystery shopper! Someone who secretly shops retail stores, restaurants, theaters, and more. I simply write up a report or answer a few questions based on the experience I had, and anywhere from 30 to 90 days later I get paid!
17. Young Pricks
If I had a dollar for every time I heard someone say, “If I won the lottery, I’d…” I’d be rich with my own lottery. A few weeks ago, the Mega Millions jackpot reached over six-hundred or so million and was won by several players in different states. I can only imagine what those winners have planned to do with their winnings, but I will say that I also believe it is easier said than done.
will live for your love,
Since my introduction to following bands/music I have noticed an unusual trend amongst music fans or rather I have actually paid attention for the first time. Most individuals are “casual music fans” and only listen to bands that are “hot at the moment.” Only the true and diehard fans follow a band when they appear/disappear from the limelight and never give up on them. I can honestly trace back the moment when I first heard Green Day. It was in Mrs. Jones’ third grade class at Grace Brethren Elementary School and my classmate Chad introduced me to the awesomeness that is Green Day. Thank you Chad, wherever you are.
Malchus smiled. “You got time?”
a blue string song.My body pink under
Fully lined bag; approx. 7"wide x 7"high (not including handles.)
His hypocrisy in urging everyone else in the world to respect union labor except for himself has been the largest blot on a paper that has often featured very good journalists, most of whom have leaped at the chance to go elsewhere to jobs where they were paid a living wage. One of the longest holdouts of the present era is editor Tim Redmond (above right) whose prose invokes some mild-mannered, Old Uncle Tim who pontificates with on-the-one-hand this, but on-the-other-hand that arguments which are an invitation to narcolepsy.
But my real gaming started at Aero Hobbies. For my first year or so gaming there it was mostly kids my age I think, plus a couple of much older former leftover wargamer beardo’s who probably should not have been around kids.
It comes with a pump top which is convenient. You can control how much product you want to use as well as keep the liquid inside clean. It does come with a cap to protect the pump if you wanted to use that as well.
Jan 2008: Manchester's fabulous shopping emporium could close this weekend (19-20 Jan 08).
Thankfully the same school took me on right after I got my certificate. Signing a year contract I quickly settled in the country’s expat lifestyle, hanging out in high-end coffee shops and shopping malls on my days off (of which there were plenty). I felt like a king living in my two-bedroom apartment in a residential block of flats in a great area of the city, exercising at a five-star hotel resort gym in the evenings. By Vietnamese standards I guess I was one!
6-8 tin foil sheets, crumpled into balls, about 2-3" in diameter
Father and bless and love
Ticket lines.
ROMNEY: We — we are blessed — we’re blessed to have an enormous number of highly qualified Hispanic-Americans in the Republican Party and leadership right now. Brian Sandoval, the governor of — of Nevada. You mentioned Susana Martinez in New Mexico. I — both of the Diaz-Belart brothers, one retired from Congress, the other currently there. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, Mel Martinez is back in the private sector. Who knows, he could be pulled back. Of course, Senator Marco Rubio a — a terrific Hispanic- American. I — I’m sure I’m missing many, many others, but we have a — a remarkable — Carlos Gutierrez, formerly secretary of Commerce.
Gee, if only there was a way for the Reapers to find out. Perhaps some sort of rigorous test, or… CRUCIBLE??
Just go back a few verses in this chapter and you will see. Ezekiel 4:4-5 reads as follows (NIV Translation again):
( lifting the mask carefully to see depth of color)
So, nearly three years after the ban took effect, less than half of those surveyed support it. In fact, this survey – which is carried out by a government agency and thus can’t be accused of having an anti-ban axe to grind – has NEVER shown a majority of people to be in favour of a blanket smoking ban in pubs and bars. This suggests that they do not regard them as genuinely public areas in the way that, say, station concourses are, but rather see them as part of the licensee’s space where customers are allowed in as guests.
That is 100% not me. I think that's about as good as anyone can look while neti-potting. Taylor thought it would be "hilarious" to film me on his iPhone once last spring... all you can hear is him laughing ridiculously and me cussing at him through drowning noises. Anyone else use a neti pot? What do you do to help relieve allergy symptoms? What are you allergic to?
About JetBlue Airways
The next day my mom and I took the girls to the downtown library story time. It's the real deal, puppets, singing, so fun for kids! They have a fun outdoor courtyard with a fountain the girls love. We are going through a fountain phase right now in case you haven't noticed :)
I decided to explore.
Morello: Oh. Anyway, we can’t start without him.
Twisting the throttle on my Ninja 500 accelerates quite fast too, but I’m really looking forward to getting that instant torque awesomeness on the Empulse.
In bowl, combine powdered sugar, vanilla, butter and milk until mixture has the consistency of a glaze. Tint with orange and green food gel. Pour glaze over mini pumpkins.
3) A great warrior
I've been wanting JCrew's larger gingham check button up in cornflower blue for quite some time now. They've either not had it available online or else I've not be in the spending $75 on a shirt kinda mood. I knew it could be versatile because I had seen other bloggers remix it endlessly and I had gone through my closet mentally creating outfits with it. Before I was able to purchase it from JCrew I stumbled upon this slightly more casual version at Eddie Bauer. For, like, $20. I can handle that.
Anyway, this post is a test to see if switching to Blogger's new format will help.
as I stand among them
Now to give more depth, I am going to add just a little bit of C5 in the "darkest" white areas.
What are you doing on March 31st that will give you access to a range of highly talented professionals who are willing to share their key areas and pointers from their career success with you?
Forget what you have been have been told, fed or think you know about animals, they are honorable, loyal simplistic creatures who ,s mother is the earth goddess Gaia. they are here to help us evolve, heal and protect us and their loyalty to this god given task is unquestionable despite the pain and hurt mankind inflicts upon them.
November 29th, 2010
well, I just didn't want to use Red and holograms so I changed a bit～ hehe
Another quibble I had with this flick was that since the film shows 5 years passing, you would think that these characters would change or look a bit older in anyway, but instead, the movie feels more like it’s happening in about 5 months rather than 5 years. Tom gets a caveman beard and Violet gets bangs later on, but other than that, nothing else really changes between these characters and they all sort of just stay the same without any difference in change, look, or act. Then again, not every person in the world needs to change every single day that goes by, but 5 years is a pretty long time.
Sessions Court judge Mokhtaruddin Baki ordered Tiah to surrender his
Recently, while on holiday, I spent some time with a friend, who I up until that moment viewed solely as a brother. I don’t know what happened – different time zone, jet lag, and lack of sleep…all these things could have contributed to my single episode of wanting - a brief and ill advised moment where I crossed the line, so to speak.
T-minus 5 minutes.
9. What is your ideal date?
This is a rose quartz worry stone (shaped like an egg, I might add). It heats up quickly from your body’s heat reflecting the warmth right back into your core. Smooth shiny, calm – a summer afternoon breeze, perfect to hold when you want to slow yourself down.
There has been an exemption for “black or spruce beer” in the UK since the 1930s when beer duty was hiked up dramatically. Black beer got off the hook because it was regarded as medicine.
Over at Arsenal On This Day, Yogi’s post is about League Cup semi-final joy.
A Chipmunk Christmas ... ABC Family ... 7 AM
Anyhow, yesterday’s eating went well. I grabbed some pita chips and hummus for lunch to keep it fast and for supper I made healthy tuna melts! I mixed tuna, light mayo, celery and onion in a container and spread that over bread. Slapped on a slice of cheese and broiled in the oven on a cookie sheet with a light covering of olive oil cooking spray. Not greasy, delicious and very fast! However, I apparently forgot to take a photo.
4. The European Commission will provide a calender of events by which each member state will converge on their specific reference level.
Among the softcover novels are three worth noting. Life as a Sandwich by Eric Peterson ($15.95, Huckleberry House) looks at the “sandwich generation”, adults caught between raising children, tending to their careers, and caring for aging parents. Peterson gives us Wallace Noe who decides to leave his consulting career and stake everything on a start-up company and when everything goes terribly wrong. He is the product of a unique time in California’s history, a high tech boom when it seemed like everyone was hitting the jackpot. Wallace is one of those whose dream deflates very swiftly until he must reexamine his priorities in life. This is a real slice-of-life novel and well worth reading. The next is The Secret Keeper ($l5.00, Plume) and it takes us to a war-torn African nation, Sierra Leone, and a journalist determined to uncover the truth behind his former lover’s post-war murder. When he returns, he finds a different nation, one that is financially on the mend and superficially at peace. One follows his travails to the point where he must literally choose between his principles and his life. The third novel could not be more different from than the others. Harrison Slater has written Nocturne ($24.95, Editions Peabody Mason) published just in time for the 200th anniversary of Chopin. Artemisia Talbot, a photographer, gets an assignment to photograph Chopin’s Paris, finding unconditional love there in the form of a young, American musicologist, Matthew Pierce. She follows him to Warsaw where a diary that describes Chopin’s ill-fated love affair with a talented pianist and watercolorist has some disturbing parallels to contemporary events. An obsessive killer, bent on revenge, is on the loose. The combination of these themes makes for a very interesting story, particularly for anyone who loves Chopin’s music and the era in which he flourished.
Grill chicken 7 min.; turn over.
Walking through the entire shop, and seeing the behind the scenes, gave me an atmosphere that I was back in pre-war time Singapore. Where everything was done manually, using traditional methods and ovens and beating out the pastries by hand.
Saturday, late in the day after window shopping at several existing houses...
I guess the moral to this story is this: How much is a box worth? How much does and eight year old care about "mint" condition? Think about what you actually care about and make those aspects happen.
The problem for parents was that the tiny strings of hair ended up everywhere, particularly in the carpet. This was the late '70’s when shag was still in style. I can’t imagine how many vacuum cleaner bags I must have filled with red, blue and yellow Play-Doh hair.
Foreign Secretary Almagro, as with Cuba, “we do not support blockades” Foreign Secretary Almagro, as with Cuba, “we do not support blockades”
Welcome to another installment of a novel I’ve been working on for over 20 years. You know what I dislike? When an author takes six to ten chapters to set a story up. Turns me off completely. I like to get right into the meat of the story right away. I believe the audience should have a grasp of the main characters and at least a vague idea of the plot and forces at play within the first three chapters. I like to introduce the main characters immediately and only focus on secondaries if what they are doing is integral to the plot. The first three chapters are all about the people you’ll be spending the rest of the book with…
Fresh mulch will be laid over the area in the spring so that the
And if it rains, a closed car at four.
Length: 1:05:29
I used Craft Room Basics for the circle and the scallop circle. The diamond is from Girl's Makeup Party. I also used my new mini. It cuts great but the scallops are still wonky and for some reason as I get closer to the bottom of the mat it shifts it so it is not straight. So far it has not hurt the cuts but it bend my mat. It is super quiet and pretty fast. I don't like that I can not adjust the cutting depth only the blade depth but I will get used to that. It is not meant to be my workhorse and I got it for around $90.
This sweet little book is a yearlong compilation of a six year old's evening prayers recorded by her mother. Within these pages is a child's gratitude for life's smallest but most important blessings; the little everyday gifts that most of us adults are too busy to notice. Playdates, trips to the swimming pool and her family are just a few of the blessings that our little heroine gives thanks for; her prayers always ending with a special thank you for her Mommy or Daddy.
3. With an electric mixer, beat cream cheese , icing sugar and vanilla essence until smooth & creamy. Blend in gelatin solution and mix well.
With a runtime of just about 60 minutes (!), Undertaker wastes no time getting to the red stuff:
There's already been one character goneski.
You know everything I do is just for your viewing pleasure~ (wtf kidding I just don't want to show my forehead LOL)
Bone Char – Animal bone ash. Used in bone china and often to make sugar white. Serves as the charcoal used in aquarium filters. Alternatives: synthetic tribasic calcium phosphate.
It’s always a good idea to communicate with your referral sources. This is a great opportunity to send an email blast or mailing to your referral sources and others on your contact list.
Having earlier said that I can understand not going too deep into the backstory, a critical element of the books is classism, leaving it out of the movie altogether, or only *barely* mentioning it, does the series an extreme disservice, as that's THE ENTIRE THEME OF THE BOOKS. (okay, maybe not the entire theme, but a main one) When you "get" that children are putting their names into the drawing for tributes more than once in order to possibly win food/wealth for their families, it brings that class/poverty/social-strati thing right to the forefront. The kids from well-off families aren't in there but once. Yes, it's mentioned in passing, but it's not explained.
The usage of Ritalin at a young age breaks the psychological threshold people maintain towards the usage of prescription pills, which makes those children more likely to consume psychotropic drugs later in their lives. We should not be surprised to witness a dramatic increase of consumption of antidepressants in the years to come. The trend is already beginning:
TLMRG Blog (tlmrgblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
And he could be ruthless, too, against the self: “When you have faults, do not fear to abandon them.” (And if you’ve been psychoanalyzed, you have to appreciate that word – “fear.”)
Don't worry, nothingbutanapron.com is staying right where it is, it's just the owners are moving. We will be renting a commercial kitchen until our new kitchen is approved, don't you worry.
Whether you win or you lose…
What’s the last song you listened to?
So yesterday I blogged about finding a bug in the online banking module for QuickBooks 2012. This sucked up about five hours of my life, minimum, over the course of several days (four just yesterday and the day before). Then I lost another two hours yesterday trying to figure out why the new 1099 "Wizard" returns entirely incorrect data compared to a 1099 Detail Report. But let's take a step back first.
Critics are already congratulating Robertson for his latest release, with many framing it as the perfect group study novel, as well as a valuable addition to any school library. “The book is crammed full of unexpected twists and turns, drama and ultimate fate, making it the perfect reading resource to engage children aged from nine to twelve” adds Robertson.
Prisoners.
Got Solar?
the hunchback of the state
I like him. Well, as much as anyone can like someone they've never met, who they only know via words and photos on a screen. I do still recognize there could be any number of reasons why he might not live up in person to the email dialogue, or, seemingly much more likely, why he might not be attracted to me or might just be emotionally unavailable. We haven't even talked on the phone yet.
ITV issued an apology afterwards saying: “Unfortunately the programme was over running and we had to move on. We would like to apologise to Adele for the interruption.” Adele responded by saying: “I was about to thank the British public for their support. They cut me off, sorry if I offended anyone but the suits offended me,” and insisted this gesture was not aimed at her fans.
Bowling For Votes
Here is what I go in my box(bag):
And joke her ’bout the widower she come purt’ nigh a-takin’,
ACTION!
"Do you want to talk about it?" My mother asked me.
One of the most troubling aspects of our business is not just the absence of knowledge about contemporary advertising but also about the history of our business.
Right now, Kevin is at a second sleep study to see if a CPAP machine will help his sleep issues, and hopefully, maybe end the scary nighttime episodes where he bolts upright, gasping for air, leaving me to wonder if I need to call 9-1-1. It doesn't happen often, but often enough to where he finally went to the doctor about it. After years of gentle suggestion by yours truly... but I digress.
All in all, I really like both of these concealers, they easily compete with much more expensive versions and give full, lasting coverage. Overall though, contrary to the rest of the internet, I prefer the 17 one, it just blends much better with my skin and I can often see the Collection 2000 one sitting on my skin a little, which I’m not really a fan of.
ADAL KA, FLOWERS RH, ANGLIM AM, HAYDEN FG, TITUS MG COYNER BJ, FARR BM. Prevention of nosocomial influenza. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 1996; 17: 641-648. AHMED F, SINGLETON JA, FRANKS AL. Clinical practice. Influenza vaccination for healthy young adults. N Engl J Med 2001; 345: 1543-1547.
And you know what? That was a very good call on my part. Every change I was tempted to make would have been a bad idea. The pattern is good, and her instructions are clear. All you have to do is follow them blindly, and you will end up with a beautiful (lined!) toddler tie!
Jesphan whipped around and his organge hazel eyes burned through him. He could even feel the proverbial heat inflame his body.
Democrats took a shellacking, but the big loser was the Untied (no typo) States of America, with the electoral map now looking like a big red blob with thin blue parentheses on both coasts.
Now let me slowly catch up with the yearly challenge and black & white challenge. I'm always falling behind on those! Also, I haven't announced the winner to my recent contest, I'll have that out in a couple of days. Be patience with me, thanks.
The Philadelphia sculptor of kinetic abstract sculptures has floated above the recession. He had a banner year in 2009, with a record $41.5 million worth of his art selling at auction, according to Artnet, a firm that monitors sales. Six of his priciest pieces sold during the doldrums, including the 1934 mobile, "Five Pieces of Wood," which Sotheby's in London sold last June for $4.2 million. On Wednesday, another pair of mobiles sold for a combined $5.2 million.
Some things start at the bottom
He answered that only Colorado was as openly high as Cali. He spoke as if I overestimated the ubiquity of marijuana, as if my attitude wasn’t the normal one.
Love, love is a verb
Come settle with me, let us be neighbors to the stars.
Hubby: but I haven’t done anything wrong, so why should I buy you flowers.
And voices singing out of empty cisterns and exhausted wells.
Then again, I think I heard somewhere that you shouldn't believe everything you read on the Internet so take this with at least one crashed jetliner's worth of salt.
Yellow chair to wait more for the call through the
To back up the reasoning for the site being the number one performer for organic search in the world, Wikipedia probably has the best set of SEO fundamentals on the web:
This new course on YA writing has two upcoming sessions, starting December 3 and December 31 (just in time for those writing resolutions).
changing the status quo.
(Yes, it’s probable that sometimes thoughts precede emotions as well. The point is, when that emotion is so overwhelming and you are not aware that it has an external source, you look for reasons why you feel that way. Conversely, I expect that intrusive thoughts probably lead to certain emotions or force disconnects from them. That’s the theory behind brainwashing, isn’t it? To program someone to think and feel the way you want. Torture is one way to alter personality. Altering brain chemistry directly is another. Do either for long enough and you have rewired the victim’s brain.)
Over his three years with the Moccasins he threw for a total of 6,871 yards, 52 touchdowns, and 31 interceptions with a 57.3% completion percentage (578-1,008); his best statistical season came during his junior year when he threw for 2,996 yards, 26 touchdowns, and 13 interceptions with a 56.3% completion percentage (215-382). He only was able to start seven games during his senior season in 2011 due to a sprained right shoulder. B.J. brings excellent intangibles to the next level, owning the leadership, work ethic, and passion for the game that I look closely for at the position; he understands the game very well and has a terrific football IQ. Offering ideal size at the position that coaches look for, Coleman is on the radar of NFL scouts for one major reason, and that’s his arm strength. He has a strong enough arm to deliver the ball to all parts of the field, including outside of the numbers, on a consistent basis. His best asset is his ability to drive the ball down the field, having shown the ability to throw it 50+ yards on a rope with ease. His velocity is above average for a college quarterback and is more than fine for the next level. In addition, he’s displayed the ability to put good touch on his throws, however further development will be needed here in order to develop better consistency. Owning good accuracy down the field, B.J. puts the ball in the right position to be caught, although his lack of a great supporting cast with the Moccasins resulted in several drops the past three years.
“I am not his direct brother, but cousin” (Safer play, nice strategy)
I laughed out loud ” ya,sure and trust me I will have no shortage of wealth. “
i looked up what i was feeling online, it all pointed to premature labor.
You gave me everything I wanted, except one thing
On a side note: We are settling into our apartment. It is a little adjustment moving from a 3600 sq ft house to an 1100 sq ft apartment. But it hasn't been as bad as I thought it would be.
my path
Classical Mystery Tour – 8:00 p.m. - Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra- Kleinhans Music Hall
Suddenly, he hears a distant, hard, metallic sound. He
Motorcycle helmets are few and far between on the islands. People, children included, swim and surf in waves that toss you around like bowling balls (I know, I tried it).
Overall impressions: Have you heard of the supervolcano underneath Yellowstone? You haven't? You should Google it. It's terrifying. I first learned of it through another fiction writer, James Rollins, and it is not outside the realm of possibility that it could blow in my lifetime. That kind of real, impending natural disaster is ripe for the picking when it comes to good stories.
b) a Roman soldier
The next piece of advice might be never give advice :)
I only really became aware last year of a problem for Free shows who want to get reviewed in the media or head-hunted by talent scouts.
Then, you know what was bound to happen. It WILL happen to us. It already has, Enemies speak. We have had some add their opposing comments to this blog. I don’t mean people who have differing insights or opinions — but real enemies. You can always recognize their language. And most of our readers have met these enemies, often in person, as we speak out against the injustices being dealt to the weak and oppressed by their churches. The dragon is going to roar, and we just might get singed a bit. Sure enough, this is how it was for Nehemiah and the people. Sanballat, Tobiah, and Geshem, the evil stooges of the devil. And what do they do right off, just as evil, abusive people always do when their target is beginning to succeed? They jeer and mock and speak despising words. They accuse us falsely.
Invite 2-3 of your friends and plan to take a road trip of a few days. You don’t necessarily need to have a plan or destination, but it’s wise to map out a couple of places where you can easily find a hotel to stay the night, so that you don’t end up on the side of the road in the middle of nowhere. Pack supplies, bring clothes and have lots of fun together. Make sure to let someone responsible know where you’re going, and take your cellphone with you.
Mother waves it away with a warm smile. "Sorry dear, I meant a proper girlfriend." She squeezes Annabel's hand. "You know what I mean, don't you dear?"
New me...new life...new apartment...new career...well you get it. I've put everything I needed to back together, and now...I'm really happy and ready to take on whatever life sends my way...well, except for rain...and maybe an IOU from the CA state tax board :)
And on a political level, I also believe that one of the most horrific manifestations of modern capitalism is RAMPANT WASTE, and recycling clothing is as crucial as recycling everything else.
Now, here's a real winner! Fantasy Flight Games--producers of Arkham Horror and numerous other games--decided to take their card-based Cthulhian race-against-the-clock and build a version for the iOS and Android systems.
arrows, the moon
10: 16 pm
These afternoon buns are served at the famed St John’s Hotel, London during tea time. They have three different flavoured buns – anchovies, prune and chocolate. However I made them plain and discovered they were absolutely delicious.
The first thing to catch your eye about the room will probably the colour. We just love it!
I remember when we had first started dating. Fresh from my recent divorce, I was terrified for him to meet my mother. She was the refined ex-pastor's wife, prim and proper, and a bit judgmental. Hubby was the opposite of what we were all used to. I was terrified of what she would think.
Hugs :) from Chilly Windy Cloudy Northern Indiana
Without A Woman. No more pain and no more sorrow. I have a friend eager to begin a new relationship that we hop will be the one relationship that lasts and makes life right. I´m cheering from the sidelines. I want everyone to have someone good to love. I could easily love a woman here in Bolivia, could marry her and settle in and have a huge family, calling it a real life at last. Yeah, I could do that. I hope it works
My mom was in the Cardiac ICU from Friday until Sunday afternoon. Sunday they moved her to the regular Cardiac Floor (which was bustling and crowded... and her new room we not-so-lovingly called her "Harry Potter cupboard-under-the-stairs" because it was so small...) I stayed in Provo the whole time and was at the hospital all day, every day until she was released on Tuesday evening.
6. Take one day a week as a complete recovery day, to refuel and regenerate (that means no email, no phone calls and zero work). You need full recovery one day a week otherwise you’ll start depleting your capabilities.
From a man to an animal to a fairy.
The Quiet American (2002) as Thomas Fowler (Fourth Academy Nomination for Best Actor)
things change and i am dripping like the rain
The answer is, for me at least, YOU DON’T!
Scientists have said such a pursuit could cost hundreds of millions of dollars at least....The 70-year-old Mr. Lewis said the technical requirements for sending an unmanned mission to an asteroid near Earth is "easier than landing on the moon because there is almost no gravity" to contend with on asteroids.
Iván Meade – Curtis, How did you find the transition from graphics to interiors?
When preparing powdered baby formula in a water. The instructions "shake well" --mean
After her performance, Will stated she was the “bar setter “by going first, as Joelle was worried the placement of first on show would be forgotten or unrecognised, and exemplified her position in the competition as someone who will be heard then the next one comes on, etc etc.
A Simple Plan
As Marx sets out what characterises the actual material conditions of workers under Capitalism is not a natural collectivity or solidarity, but the fact that “disunion of the workmen is created and perpetuated by their unavoidable competition among themselves.” That competition exists not just at the individual level of one worker against another, competing for available jobs, but at every level. It exists at the level of one factory against another (mirroring the competition between the actual owners of those factories), one industry against another, one area against another, and one nation against another. That is on top of the other divisions amongst workers that Capitalism can exploit – sex, sexual orientation, ethnicity and so on.
Vagaries of fate and fat little varmints aside (and it occurs to me that I'm definitely conflating the movie Groundhog Day, which I've never seen, with Scrooged, which I've seen in fragments), I had some people over for dumplings last week.
The trouble begins when you put three double ( U.K. treble ) crochet in each corner of your granny square.It would be fine for a narrow border but if you are planning to make a wide border it will not lie flat and end up all frilly.
110g butter, at room temperature
Anheuser-Busch, Inc. Tequiza
The studio knows it will need to make more movies with a new star and a new dude behind the camera.
I combined butternut squash with a sweet, juicy pear. The curry powder gave this creamy soup a spicy kick, while cutting back on the sweetness a bit.
A spokesman for Greater Manchester Police has confirmed a 46-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of theft and is currently being held in custody. I don't care what religion, race or even species you might be, there are just some things that you shouldn't do and robbing the dead or injured is one of them. The distress to the victims relatives must have been immense considering just how serious the accident was in the first place. Most people in a situation like that either try to help or they try to observe, it's human nature after all, though I often curse rubberneckers when they do it on roads and have nearly had accidents myself when some have slowed down suddenly to observe the goings on across a road. Yet I could never imagine for one second doing what this guy did and believe if convicted the courts should throw the book at him.
Yoochun tried to make Junsu comfortable with him. He ask to vampire elder how to make a vampire like him not so often drink human blood.
For twenty years Hélène Binet has photographed contemporary architecture and co-operated world-wide with the most renowned architects such as David Chipperfield, Zaha Hadid, Coop Himmelblau, Daniel Libeskind, Sauerbruch Hutton and Peter Zumthor.
The trees in the Fall, are like fire, they are full of bright colors that brings a smile upon my face. I just think of His amazing grace. So peaceful and comforting. God is full of love and beauty! Grateful for the simple things in life, because they are the most fulfilling. God is love and it surrounds us each and everyday.
I mean… REALLY!? I almost had a heart attack! I thought somebody sent me the wrong book! So I am begging, any and all authors who might for some mystical reason read this post, or even this small section of my post, DO NOT EVER PLACE A PICTURE OF YOURSELF ON THE ENTIRE BACK OF THE BOOK. EVER.
Rex Hill Reserve Pinot Noir 2009 (275735, $39) quiet, honest and of a certified sustainable winery represents the best fruit from prized vineyard sources situated around Oregon’s Willamette Valley. It has been said and may be true that early on some vintages at Rex Hill were more promise than delivery. Notes on the 2009 swing the pendulum in this outfit’s favour, “…just a lot of depth and flavor for the money,” “…loquacious and slightly acidic, yet well behaved” and “…focused, satiny and elegant.” Released at $48 US, prices hovered around the $30 mark last summer and if you were to find it now, the average price nets over$40 US.
Meanwhile there is not a single study that shows that weight loss works for more than a small fraction (about 5 percent) of people. The cold hard truth is that there is absolutely no evidence that supports the idea that the majority of fat people can become thin through diet and exercise.
We need to be careful not to compare issues of withdrawing life sustaining medical treatment with euthanasia, assisted suicide or a "right to die."
The Soft Machine.
“These people were so impoverished, they were unable to participate in the politics of the day successfully and when the union of South Africa was formed in 1910, the Afrikaners from the Cape received most of the power.”
of my love for you!
Eating a big, yummy, high in calorie, cheesy chili hot dog!
Under Shelly Laurenston she writes mainly shifter romances and series. Shifter wolves, hyena’s, lions, tigers and bears. And for her it is not an “oooh no,” at the end of that. It is a resounding “ooooh yes, more please.” Each book has sucked me in and had me craving for more. Her books incorporate humor, action, love, passion, family, alpha males, alpha females and a happily ever after, in each book.
Patton responded, "What?! I don't... That's the weirdest heckle ever. How do you even respond to that?" Then he tried to actually do a retarded Chewbacca which didn't really work but was funny anyway. After a bit more pondering on the whole situation, the drunk guy climbs on stage and puts his arm around Patton. Security approached but Patton was handling it okay and the guy wasn't angry or violent. Slurring mightily he kept saying, "This guy. This guy," while pointing at Patton. After security gently ushered him offstage, Patton cracks, "Ladies and Gentlemen, my publicist." Then, Zach comes out, staggering and says, "What am I, on stage or something?" Lovely.
A further concern is emerging in the print industry. The sterling pound is continuing to struggle against the euro and the dollar is also engaged in its own global and economic dogfight. News is that print costs are rising significantly and it is due to the cost of paper, that is the raw stuff, the paper without the head of George Washington or The Queen! Cromwell Press and Alden Press will not be the last printers to go into administration . Tony Chard, Managing Director of MPG, said that paper prices had gone up 25% in just the last six months. ‘We don’t swallow the increase: we pass it on. We have no choice but to pass it on 100%. The margins just aren’t there.'
* that, for now, Charlie Brown is happy and doing well
Thought you might enjoy this portrait of a denizen of the Phoenix zoo, one of their Burrowing Owls (Athene cunicularia). Notice how the pupils are differentially dilated in response to the different light levels on each eye….
May Arts ribbon
If we had a little extra cash, I'd ride my bike up Portola to the fruit and vegetable stand and buy dried apricots and dates, or eggplants and onions for our own stir-fries. Some nights, when Maki wasn't working, we took our books and rode down to Capitola Beach and had coffee at Mr. Toots, overlooking the harbor where pelicans curved down from the cliffs in tight formation, screeching down where the anchovies rolled in on the tide as easy prey.
There are three bedrooms. Atmosphere is wonderful, situated on the canal off Corpus Christi bay. If a group of folk want to come down to train, Old School (LRH School) style or to make considerable Bridge progress, the original Shack would work out perfect, and economically.
-The required quantity for Manganese (necessary for the process of enzymes) is 4mg per kg per day from the adult and 0.2 to 0.3mg per kg per day. Foods rich in Manganese are cereals and nuts and also liver and kidneys.
This is the message that should be sent out about alcohol - if someone wants to drink to forget, let them. If you want to do something about it don't blame the alcohol - work on what they want to forget and why.
Step two: I’m freezing my 24 Hour Fitness membership until it starts to shit snow. I’m going to start running outside (I ran a mile and a half this morning! First time in like… a month) every morning to help de-stress, since quitting smoking might make me an angry motherfucker.
Some people can accept the microevolution I just presented but have trouble extrapolating that outwards towards larger organisms – like humans; that's the one that's harder to prove, obviously. (And there’s a huge misconception that humans evolved from “monkeys,” I’ll get to that in a bit.)
Tender this heart that it lets all fall away
Cast : Srikanth, Vimala Raman, Ramya Krishnan
King of Cups, tell me what I want to know
To let my readers see who I am, I’ve decided to share a short story I wrote, of when I was fifteen, on the brink of losing faith in mankind as a whole, until one event changed my life forever. I’m a bit nervous because this is based on real events and comes from my heart. So I’m very nervous about how people will respond to it. But readers need to know who is behind the writing,. So here it is. I hope you will enjoy it. I humbly request to hear what you think about it. Thanks.
*If you rent a house or apartment and have a pet...do you pay pet rent? How much?
As of posting, there was no report of damage or casualties, but the Moderators believe some structural damage may have occurred locally close to the epicenter, and will post further information on Fire Earth Disaster pages.
Yesterday, the mail came early. It was not a good thing. There was a letter from my health insurance company in the stack of mail. I swallowed, took a breath, whispered a prayer that it wasn’t bad news, and opened the letter.
It's not just Christmas that gets rushed.
Judging by my male friends, I’ve noticed that those men who feel comfortable with women and are secure enough in their own abilities, don’t feel threatened by able women.
A series of mistakes that cause us to land where we land...
In contrast none of the U.S.’s former track and field “legends” have a presence within the sport – either via USATF or the IAAF. The closest has been Edwin Moses who has done extensive work with the Laureus World Sports Academy, as its inaugural Chairman, as well as serving as a member of the IOC Ethics Commission since 2000. So while he has had tremendous global involvement in sport, we here in the U.S. have not had the benefit of his abilities here at home.
Well, following on from my breast post, and some would say I am taking too keen an interest in all things breast-related, I must say that I am in awe, yes awe, at the breast implant professional association.
Moist desquamation
Hell, I can barely pay my bar tab
Deadline for early registration is June 22, 2012
You may well recognise that the design is quite similar to one I made last year!
You have to agree what a talented bunch of girls they all are.
85g of icing sugar
(Maybe that's why I don't get much done, I'm always blog hopping)
Hmmmm, oorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr not. I actually baked this, filled it up, and let it sit on my counter for a few days but it drove me crazy. Everytime I walked past it I thought "That doesn't look finished!" So, I added more flowers and baked it again.
In a food processor place starch, coconut flour, pecans and salt. Pulse until you have a coarse meal. Place meal in a wide, shallow bowl. In another bowl whisk two eggs together.
This year I've written a book about jealousy. It's a kind of modern Othello(!!!). A love triangle in which jealousy causes a tragic act. When I was writing it I called it INVISIBLE ME. Then I started thinking about a teen picking up this book with this enigmatic title. The meaning of the title would certainly be clear once the reader had read the book but I had to get them to BUY the book first. So the title had to be more eye catching and say what the book was essentially about. It had to be like a tin of beans. I came up with JEALOUS and my editor suggested JUST JEALOUS which I think is spot on.
Then comes the unkind part: since the infringement, which they had found to be copied from the plaintiff, did "feature an integrated closed white bottom containing integrated illumination, with the light source itself not being immediately visible (only its light shining through the double bottom) in (the visible inside of) that pot. In that pot, there is a white, closed, smooth (double) bottom. This entails that the design rights have not been infringed"
and the fact that I've not been to the sewing machine in a couple weeks, doesn't help either! Well, today I bit the bullet and made 2 of the paper pieced blocks while waiting on laundry in the basement. It wasn't until my 2nd block that I learned to leave the outside pieces *much larger* and then instead of trimming up to the 1/4 seam on the paper - and coming up SHORT ----instead use my 6.5" ruler and square up to perfect
I put him to work measuring and sifting while I got the materials together. He looked at the vials and asked which one we should use first. I picked one at random. "Er...peppermint."
This is a monumental accomplishment for those who have been applying themselves to this task.
So let’s get this out of the way now– The Last Story is not Xenoblade Chronicles. I can’t speak for Pandora’s Tower yet, but whereas Xenoblade was an epic in every sense of the word, with vast, overwhelming landscapes and a long and enthralling story to match, The Last Story tells a much more intimate and personal tale that’s almost fleeting in its brevity. But while it may be less ambitious in its scope, that doesn’t mean it’s any less charming or appealing. It sets out to achieve something entirely different from Xenoblade and, as we’ll soon see, it does so rather admirably.
Apologies for taking so long to actually update all my beautiful readers, but yes the hectic nature of last year – Xmas and commitments is behind me and everything was a success!
The relentless pace of the Porsche GT3 Hybrid of Joerg Bergmeister Porsche Factory Driver and Patrick Long Porsche Factory Driver was impressive. The first GT first to finish the race – but ranked outside classification - finished in sixth place overall in the 1000 km of Zhuhai and made only four pit stops! A performance that earned the German manufacturer the Motul trophy for technological innovation.
Mr Atkinson was later told he had “violated” his contract by revealing he had been disciplined for having the symbol on the dashboard of his company van.
You see a great many things I do, I do for free. I might get some rewards eventually. And the thing is, I just do it. It goes with being the writer and doing what I love — plain and simple.
The old man hoped that He had been taking anger management classes, just as he hoped that his kin would leave the earth before He lost his temper again. Depressing thoughts before dying, it was certain.
We lost track of counting around 6:30 and at that point we had already counted 271 people and we estimate that we turned the tables over at least two or three more times and a couple of times after that we had people waiting for tables. We have 54 seats so we estimate we probably served around 400 people. I know we went through a LOT of free food!
Q: How do your friends and classmates feel about the situation?
Jones writes:
Mocking and laughing at you?
First of all, let me just say I am happily married (for almost 12 years now) to the man of my dreams. I'm a Southern California girl who fell for the cowboy boot wearin' Kentucky boy with the make you weak in the knees blue eyes and a southern accent that sounds like honey.
Can anything be done about it?
Our children are no longer under our roofs. We can't protect them...but we both know God is Sovereign.
Pink earrings: Simply Jo Designs
Jews May Steal from Non-Jews, Baba Mezia 24a . If a Jew finds an object lost by a Gentile ("heathen") it does not have to be returned. (Affirmed also in Baba Kamma 113b).
Our production schedule is going to start on the 3rd Sunday of January. We will start the show promptly at 8pm and we are going to do the whole thing from start to finish, live. We are going to broadcast the audio on uStream and also have what Kasey has dubbed, a fly on the wall cam. Using uStream not only will you have the ability to interact with the show as it is happening, but because you rock, we are also going to try and incorporate exclusive giveaways on the uStream broadcast.
And then I think of my own life: how often does Jesus make himself known in my life; how often does he enter into my heart, and I don’t see it? Or, better yet, I don’t like that he’s there?
Remember Salman Rushdie Rage?
Sundals - All the dry beans can be used as plain or sprouted to enhance its nutrients.
=== And why transparency won’t be enough ===
Amen! Nothing can separate me from the Love of God The Father, nothing in all creation! Amen!
He argued that a government is responsible for ensuring the security of all its citizens, instead of segregating certain groups by introducing specific laws. Secondly, he suggested that most Christians in the Arab world refuse to be considered minorities as they share the history and culture of their Muslim compatriots.
There is something about driving cross-country in America that makes one reconnect with being American. The independence, the vast differences in landscape, the way the sky changes, the things you glean by talking to various people in bars, restaurants and hotels. Plus, there is the learning experience when you watch and listen to people who aren't native to the place you're visiting, whether they're tourists or transplants. It's even more fascinating to talk to transplants who are originally from the various areas of the country you call home, and understand what they want out of life and their new locale. It's a fabulous eye-opening education.
I've lived in Florida for over 13 years now and we are in the midst of the coldest and longest spell of winter weather I've ever seen here. All you northerners would probably laugh at what we consider cold but it is unusual to have a couple of weeks of temperatures below freezing here. We're all cold (especially our bus people friends who are toughing it out with no heat at all!).
MYLUNE: What? Fires?
The album is an excellent example of one particular moment in time, but the overreaching influences of those moments keep resonating. Jay-Z of course never retired. He’s currently playing elder statesman and still making relevant music. During the last Presidential election, then Candidate Obama, the first man running who was a product of hip hop, got some dirt off his shoulder, igniting a firestorm of criticism, but gaining new fans.
derivative is from ‘wee yin’ and it means a child. A famous line in Rab C. Nesbitt that probably left many people from outside the city perplexed was “Ma wean’s done a bunk and ah’m up tae high dough”. The translation in English is “My child has run away and I am very worried.”
Time to clean out the closets, pull out some warm weather hand me downs, and see what clothes still fit those little bodies from last year.
Pour 7UP into punch bowl and float scoops of strawberry sherbet on top.
This weekend my best and oldest friend got married! I’ve known her since sixth grade. I would show you pictures of us then and now, but I value my life and dignity. Us in sixth grade? Not so hot. We turned out great though. The groom’s father actually commented to the bride that there wasn’t a single person in the wedding party that wasn’t good looking. Very true, if I may say so myself.
Emirates customers can connect to JetBlue services at New York’s JFK Airport. As a one-way codeshare, an Emirates’ flight number will be placed on JetBlue services to the following cities:
But a door is what he seeks
Whether it was because I didn't have to sit face to face with the school staff, or the fact that the boys - knowing I was held hostage by the phone conversation - decided to don their asshats, OR the feeling of having absolutely nothing to lose, I let it go with both barrels. I told them that their IEP was completely inadequate. I said their 30 minutes of OT every 3 weeks was bologna. The OT said she'd do more than that, but that I'd have to trust her - no need to write it on the IEP. I said, "Therein lies the problem. I don't trust you. I don't trust that you will do more than this IEP legally obligates you to do. I don't trust that come the end of the year, my son potentially having made little progress, you won't say, 'But I did what I was legally asked to do.'" The new IEP has it written that the OT will provide 30 minutes per week of OT.
After years of planning and saving, the time was right. A building built in the center of town. New bakery equipment and ovens were installed in the confectionary, as they would call it…a new home for the family built in the back—their dreams, at last, were coming true!
(Originally an IP Movies Review)
Battery Type 6-cell lithium-ion
4. There is a jar in my refrigerator containing 4 stuffed olives. It has been there, untouched, since game 7 of the Stanley Cup Final in 1994.
We’ve found a Thrush nest with three eggs in the ornamental gardens behind the main house. The songbirds are busy nest building everywhere and in fine voice!
So here I am finally able to update. My computer hasn't worked in months and so I have to wait until I have extended access to my husbands laptop. I also want to thank everyone for their kind words, emails, comments etc. They mean more than I can express and your thoughts buoy me. Some of this post is a copy of exchanges via email I had with my friend Mary Beth and I was too lazy to retype it.
Laura x
He wrote a script on them for Heraclitus but showed it to Omar Khayyam
Let none through anger or ill-will
Don’t think that would fly?
So what if the Kings made me feel stupid in the first round, it’s no reason to be bitter and not enjoy the show they’re putting on right now. So what if the Coyotes are showing that Pekka Rinne is human. Mike Smith is looking amazing right now. The playoffs are about upsets and surprising moments that you will never forget. It’s actually more exciting that so many of my picks are wrong.
The past 2 days have really tested my stress level. I have dealt with some of the world’s dumbest and most ridiculous people.
There are four activities, each with 3 levels of difficulty. The levels of difficulty mean the App could be used for children in middle to upper primary school. A training mode guides children through each activity, although the caption has a glaring misspelling. A cute musical theme plays in the background but it can be turned off using the control on the main screen. (Believe me, you’ll want to use it as the ‘cute’ wears off fairly quickly.)
“SmartWatch provides access to live content and entertainment on the go,” said Sony Mobile Communications customer unit president Paul Hamnett, who billed it as the first in a series of gadgets to “expand the smartphone’s reach.”
These guys played pretty much poppy rock n roll with punk licks thrown in. The band is similiar to some early GG Allin in its lyrical approach and sound. Pretty certain that they were from Philadelphia. I recall the reason I bought the LP was because of the Condemned To Death connection. The guitarist of C2D(Tim Omen) had moved back to the East coast from S.F. and formed this "shock rock" band. My friend Zoran and I heard about it, and immediately felt the need to find it. I'd say the stuff was sorta ahead of its time. The only other bands I recall doing stuff like this at the time were the Mentors, and GG, and maybe Gwar. I think I was sorta in aw, and kind of revolted by the songs. My buddy Zoran on the other hand was able to find the humor in the record. It took me twenty years to pull this out of where I'd filed it, and to give it another spin. It was then that I understood how awesome of a record that this was(especially for the time period). These guys could get away with touring with the likes of Turbonegro if they were around today. I'm pretty sure this was the only LP they did, and later followed it up with a 7", then broke up.
Our winner of the fantastic $25 voucher from Simon Says Stamp is...
And here is Dr. Craig’s full response:
My haul this year is mainly books:-
"Chloe should have her hair brushed (even though she hates it and it makes her cry)." Why?
Let us observe, understand and accept others to as they are (this can be really hard with loud, vexatious people) – even the thought makes me quiver!
I don’t carry a cycling-specifc waterproof jacket as my Montane is light and more versatile. The same applies to cycling jerseys and Icebreaker merino tops do a sterling job and don’t stink after a day in the saddle.
D and Y looked amazing and incredibly happy. Dherai badai chha!
Cardex is a visual metaphor for organizing sets of elementary reports and visually comparing them side-by-side like a mini comparison dashboard.
loving it.
1 onion diced
When the red, red robin comes bob, bob, bobbin’ along.
So what have I crammed into my week this week?
Many people seem to work on the assumption that if you worship and follow God, he will make sure nothing bad happens to you.
Tom’s team saw Sam alongside Matt & Suleen, where Tom chose for Sam to leave the show.
It is clear that the main attraction of this story is the smut. Upon reading the Daily Beast article and noting the page numbers of the citations, I can see that.
ORIGINAL SCORE
This doll was made using “components” of the Lily Sugar n Cream doll pattern.
The Original Cafe Du Monde is a traditional coffee shop. Its menu consists of dark roasted Coffee and Chicory, Beignets, White and Chocolate Milk, and fresh squeezed Orange Juice. The coffee is served Black or Au Lait. Au Lait means that it is mixed half and half with hot milk. In 1988 Iced Coffee was introduced to the cafe. Soft drinks also made their debut that year.
I’m in the middle of reading this new book and series by one of my favorite authors, Stephen R. Lawhead. The book The Bone House is the second in a series called Bright Empires. The reason I am even discussing this book is because the characters have found a method to travel between dimensions and time(s) through the use of ley-lines.
Manuel: Tribut is a “sociable apparel” brand; created to tribute the lifestyle and passion of music and art. We travel through life, exchanging ways and manners with others. Our trip is a personal dance in which halls and streets become public catwalks. We listen, and then we act. What we listen rules our personal dance and behavior… We perform and share our show in a personal sold out social experience. Sociable Apparel is a visual exchange under the graphic and universal language of fashion.
#3 People choosing to play a game I may not like or enjoy at a certain time (or at all for that matter) are not stealing my player base.
When I finally got home, I went to work in earnest. All the gardens needed watering, and I planted several babies but I didn’t get finished. (I need a pot and new soil for some herbs.)
When planting trees and shrubs add a short section of a narrow pipe which reaches from just above ground level into the plant’s roots to allow you to water directly to where it’s needed most.
I settle into my breath. Somehow, on this
Miss Olivia put in her order, and I am nearly finished hers too...although I had to use a generic crochet hat pattern in a larger size for hers, and then add the 'monkey' bits!
So if you are thinking of teaming up with another supervillain, it is important to figure out well in advance who it is who will rule the world before you begin.
Whose leaves already are burnt with frost,
“Now you children must not go into any of the other rooms, we must respect the property and only go where the man tells us to. We are here to pick up chairs and not to play,” said my Grandfather Paco.
Hostede’s individualistic rating of Spain may appear misleading. One might believe that the country leans toward a society where individualism is more prominent, which can be true in a group setting. For instance, Spaniard make individual decisions primarily in a group orientation. They have a collective culture where the citizens from birth onwards are integrated into strong, cohesive in-groups, often extended families (with uncles, aunts and grandparents) which continue protecting them in exchange for unquestioning loyalty. Spanish families are very close knit. Most children live at home with their parents until they are in their late twenties and sometimes extended family members live at the home, as well. In Spain communities are seen as an extension of the family unit. Most Spanish citizens live in apartments in the city, and living quarters are smaller. There are neighborhood events and city celebrations where Spain is viewed as a regionalist country. Their region of birth is usually more important than being a Spaniard or saying they are of Spanish nationality. Spaniards do place an emphasis on personal achievement, but as long as their success is positively viewed by their neighbors and community. There is an overwhelming desire of pleasing neighbors and many usually are contemplating, “Oh, what will my neighbors think?” Their sense of honor does not reflect individualism, rather a collect sense of responsibility to family and community. Their MAS score (42) reflects Spaniards need to serve others before themselves. Spain is a feminine community which characteristics include: striving for consensus, working in order to live, small and slow are seen as beautiful, having sympathy and understanding for the unfortunate and intuition.
That's the way it almost always goes. Unless I'm in some sort of weird, pack-buying junkie frenzy, I can avoid Bowman as if I'm looking at doilies or drapes or HGTV. It doesn't even register.
I think one of the first things that people think of when they think about Italy is FOOD! The pastas, the pesto, the bread, the wine, the cheese, pizza, the decadent desserts, gelato! Because there are so many amazing things to say about the food in Italy I decided to dedicate an entire blog post on the food that I ate while I was there.
My daughters’ school have a range of activities this week.Willy Wonka (right) and Mordonna Flood were particularly excited by school’s book parade. Heaps of kids dressed up in all sorts of costumes (ideally a character from a book, but there were some pretty broad definitions!)
I bought the salmon caviar in France, where it is widely available in supermarkets. It has a long shelf life, so is another item to add to the shopping list if you are in Europe and coming back by Channel ports!
The collection, we purchased and donated to the Centre totals 12 different fish from the master carver, born and raised locally on the White River, covering trout, smallmouth, largemouth, crappie, and sunfish. The collection is currently on display in the shop
We get home after the meeting at CMH and DH is all apologetic saying how he is sorry for last night. LMAO–I felt like telling him to shove it up ass. Seriously if I had a nickel for every time I heard “I’m sorry” come from his mouth…..i would be RICH. They are EMPTY words–meaningless. Then he quickly turns the conversation to my DHS home visitor apt. He asked what I got approved for and I told him EVERYTHING and started listed off stuff. He stood there staring at me in disbelief…….OMG the expression on his face was PRICELESS. What a GLORIOUS moment that was for me. I told him how much they will pay someone to help me and he actually had enough nerve to say….”so are you going to hire me?” I LITERALLY replied…….”are you out of your fucking mind?” I reminded him how he wouldn’t have to do these things for me anymore and how free he was now. I think he is scared now—-realizing he is losing control cuz I won’t have to depend on him……cuz he was quite nice to both DD and I. Could of also been that his parents OFFICIALLY gave them his moms car. Cost—FREE. He has to pay NUTTIN of course. Just like his college education that was completely paid for by his aunt. He spent time fishing with DD and I had to have him weigh some boxes for the FB business liquidation and he didn’t come unglued on me. And he grilled up some nice meat (best I have eaten I think) and I topped my day with a lovely dinner.
But I learned long ago to leave the wedding reception before the bride’s dance with her father. I didn’t dance with my dad at my wedding – he had been dead for close to eight years by then. My older brother gave me away, filling in my father’s traditional role perfectly fine, but I couldn’t dance with someone else, for the dance that was supposed to be his. And watching another happy bride dance with her dad, however awkward, makes me ache for my dad. Makes me wish ferociously that he had danced with me at my wedding.
And the price? Sigh. I was never good at extorting realistic sums, so I'll confess, in terms of hours versus price... I made a loss. No wonder I say I was once a potter.
Sadly, the email was sent from one of those ‘no reply’ addresses that so many firms seem to employ nowadays, or I would have broken the news to them, that too late, it had already happened…twice! In a sense now, I’m glad it didnt arrive, and that I just went with TSA advice instead!
“How can I help you?”
Once again.. the mind boggles
TUES. 9/30 - THE MERCY POWELL QUARTET @ WORLD CAFE IN SANTA MONICA, 8:30pm - midnight. 2820 Main St. at Ashland. 310-392-1661. Mercy, Josh, Marc & Peter Burke doin' some standards & jazzy stuff for your dining & listening pleasure! Looks like a great place: http://www.worldcafela.com/
Worth this hell?
So, I went inside and threw myself on the mercy of the postal clerk. Who took my contact info and money for a first class stamp and promised to retrieve it, stamp it and send it on.
While the official March 11 anniversary observances began with a traditional Buddhist memorial ceremony at Nishi Hongwanji Buddhist Temple, Christians in Sendai also gathered to pray for and remember both the deceased and the survivors of last year’s tragic tsunami and earthquake. The service was co-hosted by BGEA and Samaritan’s Purse.
In a moment of radio roulette the other night, I spun the dial until I landed on something completely different—the polka station! You cannot listen to polka music and feel bad. It's like a natural law or something. Corny jokes and oompa music was a welcome change of pace—for about a half hour, anyway.
I have been waiting for the day when I could share this very special place with my kiddo's. The time has come now and I can't wait! We are headed there soon. We are very blessed to be able to go on such a special trip. Just me and my precious family. No work, school, homework, chores, etc. Just us making some wonderful memories!
NEHEMIAH 5:9
The Republican party is currently choosing someone to lose against Obama. The one guy plausible enough to stand a chance was deemed "unamerican" for speaking mandarin Chinese. There is a savage proletarian mentality which goes beyond anti-intellectualism and strays into an open hatred of learning. Ignorance is 'American'. Being fat is 'American'. Wasting fuel in enormous trucks is 'American'. The very science which has made America pre-eminent is utterly rejected. There isn't a sensible rejection of climate change, for example. It's a rejection of something that might make those big, gas-guzzling trucks uneconomic, which comes from the same place as the rejection of the "theory" of Evilution. The fact that anyone could consider Rick Santorum, or Sarah Palin a potential POTUS is ridiculous.
stifle their voice,
Make the pastry: place the flour, salt, butter and parmesan in a food processor and process for 1-2 minutes or until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the sour cream and yolks and process for 1-2 minutes or until a dough forms. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.
11/02 Long Branch, NJ @ The Brighton Bar
You say “Korean food” and no one knows what the hell it is.
Why is it then that we destroy this beauty and innocence of a child to turn them into people who are competitive yet never satisfied….want to earn more yet never have the time to enjoy that………..want to love yet somehow forget how………..want to cry yet get scared of the labels…..want to learn new things and explore new places yet suppress these feelings……want to play yet don’t have the time………want to call their friend yet think too much about losing the fight………judge people basis what they can do for them……stop listening to the voice of their souls…………..lose their Faith….and ultimately forget how to be happy…..and thus starts their journey to look within themselves and to go looking for Happiness….something they were born with.
The "Powers Crossing" bridge on the Hamilton-Brantford rail trail at Binkley Hollow has been removed by the Hamilton Conservation Authority (HCA) leaving only concrete footings in place. A detour path beside the former bridge allows pedestrian and cyclist access between West Hamilton and Dundas, albeit narrower with a steeper grade than the bridge formally provided.
Did you miss The Specials when they played Coachella in 2010 or when they made quick show stops in Los Angeles and New York? Well I have great news for you! The band's iconic guitarist Roddy 'Radiation' Byers is kicking off a solo tour (dubbed '2012 Rebellion America Tour) of California and other cities around the Southwest U.S. TONIGHT!
“It is clearly an agenda to destroy DAP. Hishammuddin wanted to get even because he handled the Al-Kitab issue very badly.” he said.
The knolls sprawl endlessly around his figure, carved into the landscape, cataclysmically formed. Speckled stumps and rotten trees display a character, burnt soil and decaying, dilapidated walls display its flaws. Borders, land to land, dust to dust. This was all his now. Or for the time being…
So once again, if you hear angels singing off in the distance on Christmas Eve, do not be alarmed - it's just a young girl with an angelic voice singing O Holy Night, with her mom and a choir of angels filling in the chorus behind her.
You can purchase this online at 2toms.com. They sell a 10 pack for $17.99. At first I was a little blown away by the price but then I realized that this washes a lot of clothing and I could stretch out a 10 pack to cover at least a couple of months. I also realized it would be way more expensive to have to replace all of my technical clothes.
Relight Rule No. 4: Rose coloured specs — is hindsight playing tricks on you making you think your old relationship was actually pretty rosie? If this is the case think again. Take some time, close your eyes, and remember the last couple arguments. The problems you two had will probably come flooding back — it might make you re-evaluate your desire to go back.
Dave Logsdon, the man behind both Logsdon Farmhouse Ales and Wyeast Yeast Labs, went to enormous energy to import a cherry tree from Belgium back to the US. This is that tree. In five years, its descendants will be producing cherries for his ales.
OCTOMUM: At first Nadya Suleman's feat of giving birth to eight babies seemed pretty amazing. Then we found out that she's an ex stripper, single, unemployed, already mother of six. It's so irresponsible you've got to admire her balls.
torment
On Monday, my old schoolfriend came down from Scotland. We've been friends since we were about nine and have clocked up quite a lot of letters and parcels in that time! It's lovely to meet up when we can though and the time just flew. I'm hoping we'll be able to go up to Scotland again this summer and spend a week up there this time.
I hope you will join us for this one, can't wait to see what you come up with. My teamies have created the most amazing cards to inspire you hop over to SS Blog and check them out.
Ilana walks away. Once alone Hurley hears whispers.
(our favorite word our cabbie used)
The nineteen brainy, compelling, endlessly fascinating spy thrillers written by British author Anthony Price over a twenty-year period from 1970 have become an abiding preoccupation for me this year. I wrote about them in a series of posts in June, reviewing each of the first three novels – The Labyrinth Makers (1970), The Alamut Ambush (1971) and Colonel Butler's Wolf (1972) – in turn. My latest review, of the fourth novel, October Men (1973), can be found here. The books – all of them first published in the UK by Victor Gollancz – feature a rotating cast of operatives of the Research and Development Section of Britain's intelligence services, notably Dr. David Audley, the highly intelligent, iconoclastic Middle East specialist and expert in history and archaeology, but also Colonel-nee-Major Jack Butler and Squadron Leader Hugh Roskill, among others. They are, in short, extraordinarily good, at their best rivalling John le Carré for their seemingly Byzantine yet ultimately deceptively simple plots and vivid characterization.
Dean Horizontal Stripe CooL
Good luck on your journey to cloth! It is well worth it in the end!!
I felt like responding with:
Hi Readers — Acting like decent, warm-hearted human beings again? Please. Won’t you ever learn? Take a lesson from this story:
At least the sun's shining so I can see blue sky, today I'm holding onto that glimmer of joy.
I used Thurston The Vampire
Update 5 : Print and PDF Support Added. 12 Jun 2011
For a man and a second temperament need to be taken into consideration identifies good from your handbags.
The crux of two years. What is a life worth if you only ever live two years of it?
To make things even more difficult, we decided that we would finish the lease instead of breaking it and leaving each other in more of a financial mess. Living together while not together hasn't been the easiest and we did fall back into old habits that made us comfortable.
2. What would you say are your biggest writing influences?
Now that we're starting to see many breweries winter seasonals we figured it would be a good time to get ours going so it's ready in time, which for Upright means mid-December. After using a new yeast on our fresh hop brew we decided to give it a go on our winter beer, in the fermenter right now. We brewed a farmhouse-style brown ale with some light spicing from cinnamon, allspice and star anise and added some cherry juice as well from our neighbors at the farmers market, Cherry Country. Next week we'll pick up some freshly emptied wine barrels from Ransom Wines and transfer the bulk of the batch into those for a short maturation period with the hope that the wine character will play nicely against the cherry flavors in the finished beer. Expect to see it on tap close to winter!
Flair’s rebuttal? “Hey, I am talking to you good-looking”.
An odd start for the day.
