I hope that your all able to stay cool this summer, and that you slow down and enjoy your favorite drinks with your family. These are some of my favorite options. I'd love to hear about your favorites as well.
a wonderful
Since 2004 Brightonians and thousands of supporters from around the world have demonstrated their rage at the factory through a variety of methods. Weekly noise demos, pickets, blockades, rooftop occupations, lobbying, street theatre, mass demonstrations and sabotage have all been used to pile pressure on EDO to leave. Despite being subject to a successful civilian decommissioning during Israel’s 2009 brutal assault on Gaza, the factory somehow clings on.”
The entire month of May will be dedicated to this series and the farmers that comprise it. I won't feature any full paintings, but, rather, I'll show the works in progress and various details, talking a bit about the painting process, challenges I came across, the farmers themselves, and whatever else strikes my fancy. I'll approach this alphabetically (instead of the order in which I painted them --this blog is Random Access Murtanovski, after all), starting with Geri and John Della Bosca in my next post.
(four designs, three of each, total of twelve notecards)
She was ageless and asexual and able to do things I couldn't, like a true fairy. It's a few years now since I'd seen her at a party but I had no idea that she was only 26 months short of her centenary. I don't know what her actual funeral will have been like, but I like to think of it as William Blake's vision of a cortège of grasshoppers and a rose-leaf for a bier.
I went outside, to breathe.. get some air. Get away from the people surrounding us. I was suffocating and needed something to breathe. I didn't think it was going to be that hard.. and to think.. it's not even her birthday yet. I'm not sure what I thought it was going to be.. but I didn't expect that, and it came out from left field and sat it's ass right in front of me.
Dear little one,
Every chocolate too hard to found
As you can surely surmise, before you can exit the vehicle you are driving and enter a nearby bank, you must first park your vehicle. And when a vehicle is parked, we can agree that it is stopped. So much for her claim that she was “not parked period.
This looks to be a secondary hallway off of the entrance hall. The marble floors, ornate console table and hanging tapestry warm up this space nicely. What is on the top of this console table though? Inlaid marble? A glass insert with something underneath? Hmmmm….
Missed something? Catch up!
4: I go out too much.
God for His glory and our benefit. Hold on...God is faithful!
There was much to love about the conference this time around. Outstanding classes taught by agents Sara Megibow and Sara Crowe to start with. They know their stuff and gave actual, use-worthy information.
I've been doing this whole "computer crafting" thing now for at least ten years. I can't remember exactly, but I think the CraftySisters website has been around for at least 5 years. Thanks to everyone who stops by and shops!
Keep your chin up, tartar sauce. We’ll win another one down the road.
John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2005 Spot Thedifference (18th); 2007 SILVER BIRCH (WON); 2008 Nadover (7th); 2009 Silver
I think, just judging from what I have read, that all of this stuff is pretty normal. I have entered that miserable stage of pregnancy where I am too big/uncomfortable/exhausted to get much done and I am too over it to care. I just want to have a damn baby now. For fuck’s sake, when am I going to have a damn baby?!
Anyhows, we'd already scoffed most of the marshmallows by the time Strictly had finished, so we went outside to have ourselves a sparklers frenzy - and watch some of the neighbours' fireworks going up in the background.
Since I started doing regular classes in Brazilian Samba*, for fitness, and because it's good for my figure, I've got stronger in the muscles that go around the body from the top of the hips to the shoulders. The column firms up and gets more mobile and obedient to command, especially at the back between hips and ribcage.
Amy Winehouse - 09 - Wake Up Alone (Original Recording)
Humidifiers run and warm baths are frequent.
Hi there — pleased to meat you.
Wallow in self pity b/c : A. I have very little adult human contact, B. I am sick of winter, C. I feel fat
And the day before I left he asked me to stay and told me he loved me. It was too late.
**JustAnswer REFUND LINK Provided By Commenter Ethan
He said that demonstrations were the right of citizens in a democratic country, and he was perturbed that some members of government believe Malaysia does not deserve democracy.
I want to know what she wants but it’s so hard to tell now, now that I’ve coccooned myself in a life with a six-digit salary and a Manhattan apartment without roommates. I’m having a hard time finding her at all. I can sort of tell what she looks like, or used to look like, but only sort of. It’s different now. She fed on poverty and indignation. She learned to thrive on pot paranoia. She drank with exotic dancers and junkies and poets. She had to struggle with a shit job, and most days the outcome was in doubt whether she, I, we, could afford a pack of smokes or a pint of booze from the cigar store on Geary. Bathroom down the hall. Learning to dry between your toes and slipping on your flip-flops right after a shower so you don’t catch one of the funguses hanging out. Having to save up for a pair of shoes (even shitty ones). Shopping in thrift stores due to need, not due to fashion choices.
“Much that once was, is lost, for none now live who remember it.”
Rates
Also, Hi-C juice boxes and Gushers should magically appear in my pantry very soon.
Hope you like it, make sure you play along!!
Sam's progression of extreme fatigue brought him logically to the late-night barrista, as did George being sent there by his dictator of a boss ("How about you eat me?" "Don't tempt me." I guess he is a Leviathan!) I loved how George recognized Sam by his voice and seemed simultaneously excited and scared.
Lisa M. Shafer
Justin from Justin's World won a recent Bucs Win contest and will now be receiving some additional Nationals/Expos cards for his collection. Justin...send me your address so I can get these out to you ASAP.
Did you watch Biggest Loser last night? Did your fav win? I love love love them all so it was a win win to me. But I will confess my absolute fav was Daris. I can't help it..he wasn't cocky, rude, or run your mouth more than my mother-in-law kind of contestant. We've seen a lot of interesting people on the Biggest Loser on NBC for years and every year I say..."this is my favorite group of people". But with O'Neal, big Mike, and Mama Cheryl this season was a little more addictive for me. And I tended to eat less ice cream while watching rather than last season. Sam and Koli cry a lot...ok I said it. And was Koli just emotional last night and he didn't want to start crying on stage or what? I couldn't decide if he was po'd for not winning the America's Vote or if it was just an end to an emotional journey that changed his life. I like to think it's the second option.
6. Inspiration
He sat on the sofa while I took them off and dropped them in a heap.
you are chosen as one of the winners of our challenges or as one of our random winners, you will receive ONE EXTRA STAMP set of your choice if you have our buttons loaded to your blogs side bar!! Just for having the blog buttons displayed clearly on your blog!!
while his coat nods up and down
"We never thought, at the time, how far-reaching our episodes would be - especially now, with this rebirth of the series, people discovering our episodes for the first time. It would be interesting to see what Amy Pond thought of Ace..."
Swap "BP CEO's" for "stud", and Obama doesn't even need to hold a press conference to share his state of mind.
What is your favorite vegetable sandwich? Care to share any ideas?
In today’s Chechnya, alcohol is all but banned, Islamic dress codes are enforced and polygamous marriages are supported by the government.
And then I listen to Jed McKenna and he says he looks upon burn wards and opening flowers with the same eye. And that too is true.
Please come and join us at 4 Crafty Chicks. It is so awesome to hop on over to your blogs to say hi and see what you wanted to share with us. Lori, Melissa, Kasey and of course our hostess Leanne have some amazing creations to show you.
An endurance to steady through tough times
So basically, I put in a lot of work to do this speech. And in doing so, I realized that I actually want to win this really really bad.
Big, bold flavors in the first sip. Dark, bitter chocolate, smoked meat, roasted coffee. Late hop bite, too.
During the battle, Captain Nicholls rides Joey alongside his friend Captain Jamie Stewart on a black stallion. They easily overtake the "enemy" position ("enemy" is put in quotes by Joey himself, perhaps ironically), and Nicholls proudly tells Stewart that the conflict could not have been won without Joey's great agility. Stewart counters with insistence that his black stallion, Topthorn, "is the finest mount in this regiment or any other." If Joey is the faster horse, he says, then Topthorn has more stamina.
“Those are zombies, Laurel. They don’t run. If we can get the double-fudge twins to speed up we won’t need to fight anyone.”
Reader Report by Your Name
As for those paper vases of flowers I used to hang on my neighbors’ door knobs? Turns out that probably originated as offering to the fairies for good luck. Making the offering for your neighbors was an act of kindness. Who knew?
Well, Benham Rise is an undersea region that was between 40 and 2000 meters below the waterline when it was discovered in 1933 by an American geologist surnamed Benham.
I was a happy mommy when Kyan and Lola decided to bunk up together and watch a movie/fall asleep! Last week they were in Lola's room and this week it seems like Kyan's room is where it's at! Their closeness makes my heart full.
Some noteworthy findings from the report:
Sometimes clouds float and stay during the hot days. They accumulate and prevent the blue sky from appearing. Swirls of kites fly below the stationary face changing clouds.
The background for this is that the United States has trade agreements with various countries, such as Canada and Mexico, and entities such as the European Union, to recognize certain distinctive national products. In the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), for example, we recognize Canadian whisky and Tequila as distinctive products of Canada and Mexico, respectively, and they recognize bourbon whiskey and Tennessee whiskey as distinctive products of the United States.
He plunges at me, guttering, choking, drowning.
What's your writing schedule like? What reading material has inspired you lately?
1065. – The Day The Pipes Fought Back @ Undisclosed Location (Wayne, PA)
You'd think I would never wear the socks again, but today, I did. Just junky, inauthentic stuff, kinda like the corned beef we ate.
Thank you to all the teachers out there and thanks for stopping by!
Albert Finney (Rich In Love)
further remarks?
Many U.S. veterans suffer from effects of Agent Orange due to their exposure in Vietnam, as do their children and grandchildren. Vietnamese-Americans exposed directly to Agent Orange and their offspring suffer from the same health conditions.
WHERE:
* Tell a caller to hold on for a moment, then leave them waiting on the phone.
it failed..
Not that I would know.
And long that we'd have faith to believe
Accompany my daughter to her favourite store to see the dress she wants
“We are social beings naturally, so to have people withdrawn from society is a concern. This is something I am very passionate about and intrisically believe in that introducing a social aspect to these peoples lives will increase their quality of life.”
One of the good things about blogging is that you become accountable to yourself and others. Three or four years ago, I was posting a digital ATC here on a regular basis. That activity, more than anything else, helped me to develop my Photoshop skills. But developing your creativity is just one of the benefits of blogging. For me, the most important thing has been establishing important friendships with people I would probably never have met in the pre-blogging universe. It’s exciting to know there are so many kindred spirits out there to share the world with, so thank you for stopping by and being one of my readers!
So that’s where I’ve been these last few weeks. Cranking out the prose, trying to knit subplots together and keep track of the crazy characters who’ve come to seem like real people to me.
Mesdan smiles weakly. Always right to the point, with Thanee. “Yeah. You can have me all you want once I’m shaman. I promise you won’t have to share at all. At least wait until I’m healed up though.”
For E we are going with EXCUSES at my sea. And this one I recently heard takes the cake for the excuses some try to make. So while the cat was in that other place avoiding all those cats getting in my face, I heard the TV blare, as it's left on in that lair. Some news show crap was going on about cheating, getting the Face it Facts from some so called experts in a meeting. They brought up the notion that cheating is in ones DNA and you have to know I have to give that a go at my bay.
I gave Mitchell this funny little book a few years ago for some valentine's day or anniversary or another and we have had so much fun filling it out since! It is a 113 page book fun of questions you and your loved one can fill out and laugh at each others answers. We haven't finished filling it out yet because every time we start I have so much fun I make us stop after a few pages so we have more to do later! Here are some questions and our answers:
It's cold and damp here today, with dark cloudy skies and lots and lots of rain. No working outside, even though the grass needs cutting and I have flowers to plant! For dinner tonight we needed something to eat that was warm and comforting but not too terribly bad for us. Since Ellie's book, The Food You Crave, was still sitting out on my kitchen counter I took a look and found this lightened up macaroni and cheese.
And for those who have reached out personally… those of you who went to great lengths to figure out how to communicate with me (sorry it was so hard… I will seriously consider posting an email address…) …. your stories inspire me! … and through sharing you have reminded me that none of us are alone in our journey… blessings to you, I am truly touched!
“And I fell unto the ground, and heard a voice saying unto me, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? And I answered, who art thou Lord? And he said unto me, I am Jesus of Nazareth, whom thou persecutest.”
Blogger Thoughts…
To tangle a venerable proverb: If Noodle can't go to the cupcake, let the cupcake come to Noodle.
Homefront IPA is a collaborative beer developed in 2011 by Fremont Brewing Company and Center of the Universe Brewing Company in order to raise money and awareness for Operation Homefront (operationhomefront.net), a charity that provides emergency financial and other assistance to the families of our service members and wounded warriors.
In doing research I spent a long time wading through online forums where schizoids and wannabe schizoids hung out comparing their emotional scars. It was fascinating and also a little disturbing to see how important this label was to them. Here’s the rub though, when the new edition of Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5) comes out all the personality disorders are going to be reclassified. They won’t disappear but they will be represented dimensionally rather than categorically and I could almost see the panic in some of the entries as if they were saying, “If I’m not a schizoid then who am I?” I exaggerate but I also get it. When I fell ill a while ago and it wasn’t simple depression I was frustrated because I didn’t know how to explain what was wrong with me. Essentially I was suffering from a cluster of symptoms following burnout but I didn’t have a neat buzzword to use. The simple fact is that my particular cocktail of symptoms was unique to me and any form of reductionism would be inaccurate.
I know I should write a blog post but really I can't find the words these past few weeks. Every time I sit down to write the things I think I will write about the word just aren't coming together.
That also has allowed the public to learn details of Anthony’s life — including her parents’ financial woes and family drama.
Of all the sights in Tangier, I fell in love with so many beautiful, old doors everywhere. I wanted to take pictures of them all! I was even more excited when our tour guide pointed out the door that Jason Bourne entered during the chase scene of The Bourne Ultimatum. I know that isn’t a cultural highlight of being in Morocco, but Matt Damon is awesome and I love the Bourne movies. Thus: highlight.
William Levy & Cheryl Burke – Argentine Tango
It was a very hot summer morning in Kolkata. Sahana couldn’t wait to get going. We were going to visit my university. She wanted to see my university and I needed to get my transcripts so I decided to take her. The trip started inauspiciously, as we witnessed a relatively harmless auto accident. I could tell she was shaken up a bit. It was a short bus ride to the college yet the girl was drenched in sweat and red in the face. We got off and entered the gate! I was immediately transported back twenty years. It was almost surreal that I was there at my alma mater not as an eighteen year old but as a mother! I could almost see the twenty year old me with dangling earrings, long hair tied in a plait, maroon t-shirt, blue jeans sitting on the steps with friends contemplating whether it was alright to cut the next class and go to the canteen instead! The young people going around us in groups talking, laughing, teasing each other was us, about twenty years ago!
Midwives are been advocating breastfeeding for a growing number of years but findings in a new ESRI study suggests that breastfeeding can now significantly reduce obesity in children.Nine year old children are 51% less likely to become obese if they are breastfed for a minimum of six months whereas mothers who breastfed for three to six months give their children a 38% chance.
Our weekend started on Good Friday morning with a new tradition. Rob decided it was time for a big waffle breakfast for the whole family. So, 9:30 Friday morning saw all 11 of us present and accounted for. It's not hard to convince our kids to show up when there is food involved.
One thing i love about Birthdays its getting presents, your looking forwad to see what you gonna get and have u know, Gifts, at the same time pop bottles and Celebrate your day, which is special because its the day your born,
Rock Bottom Restaurant & Brewery Willow Creek Pale
The new permits will be sold in groups of 6,000 a year, beginning in June 2012, only to current livery drivers.
By Phone
As the store did not have any love birds when Brenner arrived, Daniels orders them with the idea of purchasing them for his sister Cathy (Veronica Cartwright) and delivering them herself. She drives up to Bodega Bay, along the Pacific Coast, about an hour north of San Francisco.
Now repeat all over the fabric, but space them out so that they are in rows about 6 inches apart and stagger them. I alternated rows of three and four gathers, like you can sort of see in this really sad drawing...
Also, Krystal from Starfox, could could could could could cause she's a fox with huge boobs.
Reason for Choosing: I recently got onto Pottermore (yay end of Beta testing!) after having missed getting on originally because of work. Stupid work… Oh yeah, anyway, I learned some new stuff about Minerva McGonogall today. Quite interesting!
No one moved his tongue against any of the children of Israel.
The more I blogged, the more I cooked. I began to understand the challenge of cooking and photographing during daylight hours. If you have other things going on, like shearing sheep or writing novels, it can be nearbouts impossible. Most of the time, supper was on the table way after dark, and all of my photographs had an orange cast.
In one evening of playing music we didn’t even scratch the surface of his massive collection of hard to find records. Singers like O.V.Wright and Harold Burrage will have to be saved for another day. After repeated listening to the cd he made for me, I learned more than a few things. Johnny Sayles has Soul. Bobby Moore has Soul. Freddie Scott has Soul. Peter Greenberg has Soul.
“Born in the U.S.A.” by Bruce Springsteen (from Greatest Hits, 1995)
Perhaps they should change their name to Hope for the Dying Christian Metal Genre. Hope For the Dying’s debut LP features face-melting shreds and smashing melodies galore – for the energetic metal fan, this is satisfying from beginning to end. Despite traces of metalcore, each track manages to carry itself with enough dignity (via the heavy influence of classical & classic metal acts) to avoid thoughts of emo hair and hardcore dancing (…sorry for even bringing it up), and features enough flavor to perk up your ears while your head bobs and your fingers air-strum.
It's graphite...intended to help the seed flow more smoothly through the planter and into the ground. As soon as he told me what it was, I remembered way back when our kids made Pine Wood Derby cars, and we put graphite on the wheels/axles to make them run faster. It's the same concept.
59 Thou know'st how guiltless first I met thy flame,
Article 94
regenerate
Another little venture this trip is a rare and probably unique Meet The Brewer event at the Belmont Station. I've been avoiding these things - philosophical issues and so forth, but Carl has been trying to talk me into it for over a year. I will be up there Friday night from 6:00 to 8:00, and have a cask of "This Time For Sure", a hoppy pale ale that wrangles with subtleties of not trying to overdo the hop bit at cellar temperature.
Well isn't that just great..
On a parchment lined baking sheet, drop by rounded teaspoonfuls. Bake for 18-20 minutes or until golden brown. Transfer to a wire rack until cooled. Keep in an airtight container.
I have learned that mistakes are meant to be learned from and NOT repeating… so the remaining years that I may be graced with will be full of less regrets as possible….
However, I think the months of not talking to him brought the shock value back. So behold, the wonder that is my ex-boyfriend:
Here is another in an occasional series from El Ingles. As readers familiar with our essayist know by now, Señor Ingles doesn’t pull his punches.
Next I’ll take a look at the women’s event, where they preformed much more admirably.
The Aroostook Substance Abuse Prevention Coalition, the Maine Alliance to Prevent Substance Abuse, the Maine Attorney General's Office, and Houlton Police Chief Butch Asselin (I swear this is true) have all got involved.
It's traveling incognito
Happy Stamping.
… is he saying that coaches who lied to the NCAA, enabled pedophiles in the locker room and put their mistresses on the school payroll had their misdeeds tolerated before last year?
Day 31: Do you feel like 31 days has helped you open up more about your child(ren) and your grief?
With it's filtered, early morning sunlight and the lone image of that shiny red car carrying three lifelong friends home, it's a scene that is at once hopeful as it is foreboding. In it, the desert almost becomes another character, fashioned for sole purpose of driving home the consequences of the story's characters.
I will; however, leave you with a picture of Kendall playing with her "very special" brother at the splash pad last week. None of the other kids would play with her. One mom even moved her child (by the arm) away from Kendall. That wasn't really a fun day either. But we tried.
Emotions ran high last week when city council debated the merits of possibly ending London’s fluoridation of water supplies. They hit their lowest point when councillors discovered material left on their desks linking the use of fluoride to Hitler’s death camps, to subdue and sterilize inmates.
“Are you stammering at my crime scene?”
Look for every angle that makes you and your product of interest to the public.
A digital copier encourages its users to find new ways of working that reverses the printing and distribution processes. It scan the information optically from a piece of paper and are a success due to the combination of two technologies of paper handling and data handling. With the growing popularity of these copiers, more and more organizations are opting for this technique of copying and are moving away from the inefficient use of traditional copiers for document reproduction. Some of the famous digital copy machine manufacturers are Canon, Panasonic, Toshiba, and Xerox.
To continue in the words of the Dalai Lama:
Eugene had organized this rim to rim to rim run with several others from an online forum for crazed folks with a sport for suffering. I had been excited and nervous about taking on such an adventure but knew I had time to condition myself for the run. That is until a hamstring injury flared up a couple weeks before I moved into the van and out on the road. This injury healed after a few weeks, in time to enjoy the running around Bishop, CA. And enjoy them I did until the same injury reoccurred seven miles into a ten mile run. This time stretching, walking and slow jogging would not quell the injury. I walked back to the van in the wind and cold of the desert evening wondering what was wrong, how I could heal this injury and still run the canyon.
Tracks 1-9 October 17 1991
Mix milk and stevia together and drop in the heart cubes. Allow the cubes to melt a little bit and sip away. Optional: warm the milk and stevia first make melting a bit easier.
Have you ever had a favorite band or musician, bought all their albums, and somewhere down the line in anticipation of an all-new album have them instead do a “Greatest Hits” album where they either copy their old music, or record new performances of their most popular songs? That’s what this game is, ”Mario’s Greatest Hits”. It’s the same stuff you’ve seen before, but with polarization between modernizing classic Mario moments or watering down more recent Mario moments into one handheld product.
While the 1/2 marathon route goes through some of my favorite parts of OKC, alot of my other favorite places are part of the full marathon route, including the lake where I went for most of my long runs while training for the 3 races I ran while living in the area
Favorite bold couple:
The entry with the most original and exciting post will win the trampoline.
PS. The section of Pedro talking actually lasts about 40 minutes, a fascinating story of his life in tango and in Buenos Aires. I hope we can YouTube it, or at least some longer extracts from it, in the not-too-distant future. It's full of stories, and thoughts about tango as dance and music.
Young Spaniard De Gea had a rather uncertain start to his United career, as people questioned whether he was good enough to play for the champions. However in the last few months the young Spaniard has hit form and played his part in United’s good run of form.
Sime Darby said it will make the necessary announcement when the appointment of Mohd Bakke is effected.
"You need 10 more"
Best Line: I am not going to die today without doing this.
A little over a month ago, my life felt like it was turned upside down. My daughter was diagnosed with skin cancer. It was about as low as I thought I could get.
OK, not so cool.
Again took metro back to hotel.
Failing to use Islam as a political tool they have now shifted to mollify the royalty issue thinking that the Malays will support them. But will the Malays or the Malay Rulers forgive and forget how bad UMNO leaders discredited the royalties during the constitutional amendments of 1993? This was when Mahathir Mohamad reigned as prime minister of the country.
That said, I'm not one of those Depeche fans who is utterly oblivious or blind to the band's shortcomings, and there have been a few slips along the way and some very public mistakes - and some which are rather more buried. Alan Wilder joined the band in 1982 following Vince Clarke's departure, and the main fact given about his past career at the time was that he had been "a member of the group The Hitmen". "Who the hell were they?" was probably the response on most people's lips, and certainly mine. Despite having a contract with CBS, The Hitmen had made precious little impression on the record buying public, and merely sounded like an act with a rather unimaginative name to most. Had this been the age of the Internet, some of us might have investigated more closely on YouTube and file sharing websites, but life was not as simple as that back in those dark days.
Hi everyone! I have a fun giveaway for you today!! Remember back on this post when I told you about a brand new company Zoom Creative Products and their no mess glitter sheets? Well the nice people at Zoom contacted me and asked if I would give away some kits to my blog readers. Fun, right?!?
Pattern Paper: Unknown-purchased at J's by the single sheet.
The Hoyas will play Texas in the first game of the doubleheader, scheduled to begin at 7 p.m., with a game between Connecticut and North Carolina State following. The announcement was made on Wednesday morning by ESPN, which sponsors the annual event for the V Foundation for Cancer Research.
So I am very excited that the show season is starting soon. I do hope to go to some and just show sidesaddle at the local hunter shows. I know I will be getting some looks but I can't wait to help show off how truly elegant it is!
Well hello again! I am back home from Kids Camp, Senior Trip, and College Orientation.
In the slideshow you can see me holding a camera. That’s the Phantom HD Gold. It’s basically made of gold. No kidding, parts of it is pure gold. Can’t believe the apprentice asked me to bring it inside, had I dropped it – bye bye career in the film industry!
my Mac, and the Jungle Cruise smashed penny I've had since I was a skipper at WDW. (I made it into a necklace a few months ago, so now I wear it all the time.)
“Why haven’t doctors put her on psych meds? She is completely delusional. I know, she has BIID. Does this mean, we just accept her fraud? If I expressed a desire to be an African American, no doctor would find it appropriate to counsel me to walk around in “black face”. Why is it that Chloe gets the benefit of a disorder with which to label herself??? Where is the outrage? Am I the only one who feels ill at the very thought of this woman and her deception? We all scream for blood when we find that someone fakes a cancer diagnosis! That’s horrible…just disgusting. Somehow this woman has gotten a pass because she has a disorder. I am sick with anxiety and anger. I really am sick. I have participated in autopsies and multiple bloody patient encounters which didn’t make me ill. I have performed incision and drainage procedures which included copious amounts of pus. None of it caused me to vomit. However, this story caused my chest to tighten, breath to quicken, and my stomach to churn with an unbelievable ferocity. The anxiety that remains, even now, is so strong that I can only hope for recovery. My outrage may live for a while in this case. Does anyone blame me? Frankly, I don’t care…I’m not even attempting to veil my feelings here.”
Lets kick the Monday funk and have some FUN!
The state of Georgia is now statistically the third best state for top-tier high school football, trailing only Florida and Texas but actually ahead of California in four and five star recruits over the past few years. Georgia is the geographically largest state east of the Mississippi River but significantly trails the other three states in the top four in terms of total state population. Georgia is simply a great football state.
Grandiflora is still one of my favourite shops in Sydney... Saskia's floral design has become more and more beautiful as the years have passed and her vision for the big event is extraordinary. Her new book Grandiflora Celebrations takes you on site... the photographs are spectacular and the inspiration unending. This book is available only in Australia at the present time... but it is well worth the shipping costs and the time delay... You can find it here... xv
The Big Nap by Ayelet Waldman
1. There's a time and a place for everything, including writing. I like tables that are supposed to be for eating—cafeteria tables, my dining room table, diner booth tables—either early in the morning or early in the evening.
Despite that knowledge, however, today’s fear involves embarking on a personal quest whereby I denounce the ugly, corroding effects of gossip and embrace the beautiful, harmonizing effects of honesty. I refuse to be two-faced any longer. If that means sitting awkwardly through a lunch break with my coworkers, keeping my eyes on the floor, and appearing to have suffered severe brain damage in the past three to five days, then, well, that’s what I’ll do.
Anyway, after reading and then writing a review for 3 books, I get a Library beach towel. Cute, right?
Graham Hyde (Lab) 3240
“We’re really still in the middle of an unfolding disaster.” said QLD premier Anna Bligh, as the forecasters reported that Fitzroy River will crest on Wednesday, possibly Thursday.
The DT were lucky enough to be given some fabulous images from Robyn's Fetish to work with. Here's what we've created.
My happy little home in the middle of a farm in Manchester, TN made me actually think about camping for real, not just at a music festival. Craziness, right? But if you came home to this every night, wouldn't you want to spend more time here, too?
Tree branches make,
See you in a few months.
I find a little fella who's
the glasses in rows—
Drink lips, fears, spiked pain
Well, it looks like it's gonna be a beautiful day in the neighborhood round here.
Netcare 911 spokesperson Jeff Wicks said the barman had been walking in the courtyard when he was gunned down.
Not necessarily just the educational background but also their experience in their fields. My choice always depends on what I want to accomplish with a certain project. Based on the résumé alone you could sometimes hire the wrong person and then later realize that they might be qualified but they can’t actually execute. If that happens you fire them and hire someone else.
For the next two hundred years the church was used as a storage warehouse for everything from horses to bicycles. In those years it also hosted boxing matches, car shows, and Christmas markets. In 2006, however, the right people got the right idea and turned it into the bookstore it is today.
Jaswant Singh’s expulsion from the Bharatiya Janata Party must have helped pique interest in the tome. For a time, it was not uncommon to find Mumbai train commuters immersed in the book, television debates raising its visibility and contributing to the hype around the already hyped up relations between the two countries.
So I asked for a trot and Oliver stepped off neatly into a nice, energetic trot. I tried to encourage him to go on the bit, but my hands wanted to give together or move around and hang on the inside rein to steer. To encourage me to keep my hands together, Christy had me put my whip under my thumbs so they had to stay on the same plane of movement and start riding a figure-eight. The outside hand needed to hold, the inside needed to pulse and give, and the inside leg needed to keep us from collapsing in on our figure.
Even if they did only happen a week ago.
Affirmative action used to be defended on the grounds that certain groups, particularly African Americans, are entitled to extra help because of the horrible legacy of slavery and institutionalized racism. Whatever objections opponents may raise to that claim, it’s a legitimate moral argument.
- Families have just had to grin and bear it when they've been pushed to the back of housing waiting-lists to make way for vibrant fast-breeders and their multiple wives.
Join the Iris room
(5)Marked variability of symptoms both within and between episodes."
Mobile phones running Google Android software extended their market share lead over Apple’s iPhone during the fourth quarter of 2011, market research outfit Gartner says.
Céline: (Eyes starting to water again.) Why are you telling me all this?
Happy Monday! It looks like I have to install my Adobe Photoshop soon. The colors are coming out a bit murky with just the "straight to picture files." Today's card meets the CAS-ual Friday Challenge of having part of your card design go over the edge of the card. I finally figured out that with this method, I just make the card a bit smaller so that it can fit in a regular envelope. Sounds simple, but it's taken me awhile to think of it:)
You may not have these ingredients in your panty, and I don’t suggest that you buy all of them. Fish sauce, Lemongrass, and Coriander are key — in that order. You can skip the other three and save yourself a lot of money and effort. However, you CANNOT leave out the heat, especially if you’re making this for me. Regular red pepper flakes can substitute for Thai Chiles, but don’t leave them out. Galangal or “Thai Ginger” . . . we couldn’t find this and left it out, which is frankly atrocious because “Tom Kha” means “boiled galangal.” You can use regular ginger (preferably from the knob in your freezer, because we all know that we can freeze ginger by now, riiight?) or leave it out. Lastly are the Kaffir Lime Leaves, which Central Kentucky doesn’t supply. I say, take ‘em or leave ‘em.
NYIT faculty from the Center for Global Health will discuss their work in under-developed countries. NYIT alumni and CEO of EmPower David Shieren (M.S. ’06) will participate in a panel discussion on wind and photovoltaic power. Other participants include Hollis Stone, an expert in emergency power and water systems, and NYIT faculty members Farzana Gandhi, Jason Van Nest and Michelle Bertomen, designers of water bottle roofing system.
One day I woke up speaking russian,the next one,I woke up speaking japanese.. the third day I could speak fluently africaans.
If you're like me, you are probably not really family with Armenia and the flavors that are typical in the cuisine there. Armenia is at the crossroads of Europe and Asia and has influences from Georgia, Turkey and Syria. Burghul is the prefered grain and fruits and nuts are used extensively in dishes.
This table gives an idea of some of the skills I’m working on at present with the breakdown or splits for each skill.
The agents have already begun to take steps to check this new lead, “as we do with all the more or less reliable information that arrives on Madeleine”, says one source from the Judiciary. The UDEV has a file of pending matters in a 'dossier' with all the data that is available to them about the case of the child.
All those people writing novels in one month while there I was plodding along. My word count only ever rose by one hundred words a day. Oftentimes less. Sometimes I ended with fewer words than I started the day with.
Hickory Barbecue Sauce, 5 table spoons
I will do his laundry and make his food and fetch his medicines and bite my tongue to shreds.
I have purchased the seriff craft artist professional programme, that has been such a life line, as I have been able to do some scrap pages, and more baby thankyou cards, and I can craft with one hand and print out later .. I do much prefer to uses scissors glue, inks e.c.t but it is allowing me to release a little creativity at the moment.
and set aside. Crush the noodles and place
#419 Classic Delight Hot Cocoa Mix ~ Warm up your insides with our easy to make Gourmet Classic Delight Hot Cocoa.
Mr Pyne said that it was not unusual for him to socialise with Mr Slipper’s staff in the Speaker’s absence.
(Luke 4:18-19) (cf.,Is.61)
articles
The broader psychological community has also rejected Denkowski’s methods. He is mentioned by name in the 2010 edition of the American Association on Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities’ diagnostic manual. In a section about how cultural or economic factors should impact scores on adaptive behavior tests, the authors “strongly caution against practices such as those recommended by Denkowski.”
Narcissistic personality disorder is diagnosed in terms of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorder (IV), a handbook of definitions used by mental-health practitioners, by the presence of five or more of the following.
Band of fabric (this is the piece that seperates the top from the main bag fabric):
There is no END in Nature, just new Beginnings.
Wow, either I became busy with the world or the world became busy with me! Haha in any case, I have been watching a lot of films ever since I learned a few, er, tricks of the trade and upgraded my home entertainment system at home and all that jazz. So I wasn’t able to jot down a few thoughts here this whole month! And now, we’re ending it! My, time flies really, really fast.
The world beat program from Mendo, with Lilia, a Brasiliera.
So what Hitler, Mussolini and Peron all show is what most modern-day Leftist intellectuals passionately deny: That you can be an extreme Leftist and an extreme nationalist too. And it shows something very troubling too: That the combination of Leftism and nationalism is POPULAR! The popularity of that combination is also shown in the way Germans fought to the end for Hitler. Perhaps we should be thankful that modern-day Leftists (who are often anything but patriotic) have not learned all that their Fascist brethren might have taught them.
“Why did my loved one get sick?” you may ask. Perhaps, if the “Ideal You” acted more often, your loved one would be healthy. What if you served more healthful meals? What if you called 911, instead of believing your husband when he said his chest pain was just “a little heartburn”?
Delight in Him, worship Him.
We finally get in the car but have to turn around as we have forgotten the camera. I turn around to check the kids and its like dejavu from Leo’s stamping incident. This time its was Ju Ju with blue all over his face, shirts and hands. He has picked up an old balloon that had texta on it and got it everywhere. I scream and get out the baby wipes. Thank God he isn’t the focus this time around. Two minutes later we have two sleeping children and silence. We debate parking in front of a restaurant and having a nice, romantic lunch instead.
Have you ever watched Family Guy? You know how you never see Peter's, um, nakedness when he's naked because of the belly overhang?
According to the Berne Convention, the international source for copyright law, the term of copyright is the author's lifetime plus 50 years. Many countries have lengthened that, however, and in the USA, UK, and much of Europe, copyright now extends for the author's lifetime plus 70 years. (For more info, see this handy chart of copyright duration in various countries.)
It was my fault--no bridle, no saddle, no balance and the stable dogs chased chickens out through the door---red only ducked, but I didn't--I was just far too impressed with myself to think---not something you should do around horses.
She came over and hugged on me.
The talk wasn’t just about which player was a disgrace or what coach should be fired, but the violence that seemed deep in the game itself. Yet people were watching. TV ratings were up. One writer explained that it was because of our fundamental human love of violence. But for most, it was simpler. The unimaginable was happening in front of our eyes every night; we couldn’t not watch to see what would happen next.
Anyway – just to finish, here’s a photo of Monkey in my new sling. It’s not the best, I’m sorry, but it’s tough to get photos of us that way! I’m going to instruct Mr Clothbum to help me out so I can show you some more.
I forgot to take my camera out with me again. I guess I’m just not a camera person. If you look through my photos, you’ll notice I’m quite camera shy. I like taking photos of things but not with things. For some reason I’ve never really enjoyed having my picture taken… which is a bit unusual since my father loves taking pictures. He’s like some sort of paternal paparazzi… wait, maybe that explains it. I swear he’d take a shot of me on the loo, if I ever gave him the chance. I know he’s got at least one old picture of one of the kids bathing in a bucket.
We do hope you'll be able to join us for our 'Photo Inspiration' challenge and remember if you would like to be considered for our GD for challenge #15 then please add 'GD' next to your name when adding your entry to Inlinkz. Entries for this challenge close at midday on Friday 18th February 2011.
Losing interest in him, Katya gives Niki her business card.
Plus, I can count on him to eavesdrop on all the bits of chit chat that I miss and we could have a cuppa later and he can fill me in on the juicy bits of banter!
There is some kind of disconnect, at least for me. And this only applies to books. In movies, I'm always fine. I can read descriptions and reviews. In fact, I've read Roger Ebert's reviews on everything with kind of a fervent devotion.
Having attended the SIWC a few times, had the good fortune of being a member of writing groups with the founder of the annual conference and actually placed both Honourable Mention one year and First the next for fiction and non-fiction, I know first hand the value of the wonderful workshops and information. Not to mention all the writing/writer connections I made and still maintain.
:: Red (or better): Locus may be consumed to act on a 1:1 ratio.
Later on, we had dinner at 2 Amys in Cleveland Park. It was a beautiful neighborhood and we were very happy with our choice of restaurant. They are certified by the Italian government to make authentic Neapolitan pizza. I've never been to Italy, but I imagine that this is what pizza tastes like there. The service was incredibly fast and before we knew it, we were tasting some of the freshest and purest pizza you could imagine. This is no-frills food and it is awesome.
I’m going to give employers the benefit of the doubt and assume that they are just misinformed, though of course there is a possibility that since the majority of people in the United States are classified (in a very problematic way) as overweight or obese, employers are just using this as an excuse to save money by making their fat employees pay up. But, giving them the benefit of the doubt:
For those that are new to our challenge... Welcome and here are a few things to keep in mind:
Leafs goaltender Johnny Bower was 39. He had kicked around the minor leagues almost all his professional career but everyone knew he would do anything to stop shots, even put his maskless face in front of them. In the last few years he had earned his chance.
Best Music Show: Winner – Trent TV (Trent TV Base)/ Highly Commended – Spark TV (Good Weekend Festival 2011)
There’s still a bit of frost about but it won’t hurt, so long as your seeds are covered up in soil.
"He will only be 2 once," Jon reminds me. And I know it. It brings both feelings of sadness and relief. I love 2. I hate 2. Mostly I love 2. But there are a few parts of 2 that really drive me batty. When I feel I am going batty I ask Noble, "How many are you Noble?" His little "I'n twoooo!" Makes me feel better.
I really wasn't sure about making a 21st card so I opted for the Serena Stampsmith image as she is rather classy. Stamped on glossy card with archival ink. Then I added some black accessories to vamp her up a bit.
1. If you are having a large outdoor get together, a great way to present your meal is to use a kraft box, paired together with a spoon and fork. Bundle it together with a strip of Christmas paper or coloured paper that matches the colours you have chosen for your celebration.
All day Sunday, we talk about how pumped we are for “pizza night!”
There is one depressing proclamation in answer to this question which is tempting to subscribe to; it was crushed under the merciless wheel of capitalism. Looking back, we can see that 2011 was a considerable turning point in international politics. Social movements seemed set to change the World. The Arab Spring might have been the biggest influence and catalyst for ‘Occupy’, but of course the two are fundamentally different in more ways we might know.
The teams selected to sport the 2011 Nike Pro Combat system of dress uniforms include the United States Military Academy (Army), Boise State University, University of Georgia, Louisiana State University, Michigan State University, the United States Naval Academy, The Ohio State University, University of Oregon, and Stanford University.
“And that's what made the perfect world beautiful.”
He reminds me to never forget my youthful ambitions to travel the world in search of bringing hope to those less fortunate.
You can catch the degree show from 20-23rd June 12-8pm at Southampton Row, London, WC1B 4AP and also at New Designers, Angel Islington from 29th June - 2nd July
The jester in me so wanted to turn to my kids in the back and say in my best airline pilot voice, “Look children! If you look off to your right, you will see civil unrest.”
poet of her generation, perhaps
AND FINALY BE ABLE TO BE A GOOD TOTUR/ ART HISTORY KNOWLEDGE
As well as commissioning her to do the cows I also commissioned a wee version of my chocolate Labrador in his favourite position with his favourite toy Baa-bra the sheep.
“I’m at the guard station and I am stuck between Canoga Blvd and the gate. Can you get out here?”
As of now, we are working on paying off the rest of our debt, then we begin fundraising.. for now we have been putting the money we get towards our adoption in our money jar.
I would say that living through depression and heartache taught me a huge lesson. It taught me that I was wonderful all on my own. I didn't need anyone to make me that way. It taught me that I'm strong enough to take care of myself. It taught me that I can do anything if I put my mind to it. I think that's a huge lesson to learn. I think too many girls think they need a man (or woman?) to complete them. I complete myself and Hubs and my kiddos are just added in for nutritional value. LOL! ;) (I love my kids to death, fyi)
BG: He was freaked about it being too soon. He’s like pacing around the living room, waving his arms, you know, talking loud. Gary lets him go on for a while and finally just says, “Calm yourself, Newley.”
I been standin' on the sound
2. They have great respect for their family. Chinese girls care a lot about what their parents feel and often tailor their decisions about life to what their parents desire. If their family suggests a boyfriend is not a good choice the girls will take that advice under serious consideration. (Completely unlike foreigners.) They respect their family unit and want to make choices in life that will benefit their parents in the future.
But what I really love about it is its encyclopedic ambition, which gives it so much more credibility than your average out-of-date cooking tome: Pandya has a recipe for lamb’s brains curry (something I once ate in Bangalore, ‘tastes just like scrambled eggs’), and Rajvir arbi gapode, which Pandya translates as ‘yam foogath for the brave.’ I haven’t been brave enough to try it. Yet.
Thanks to the ButterMilk, this is more moist than the Plainly Perfect Pound Cake. The little citrus hint from the orange zest took backstage to the crumbly cinnamon flavoured streusel that is swirled throughout the cake - great flavour and texture to the otherwise, plain pound cake.
Eh? I think I might have goggled at him. And then 10 mins later he found me and handed over a tube that he had dispatched someone specially to buy. I know this sounds wet, but I was so touched, and felt so cared for and looked after, I felt quite teary. *sniff*
Thursday morning Will and I went to church for a United Methodist Women’s meeting. The leader of the meeting, Bec, brought her husband to play with Will. She also brought Lincoln Logs so Will and Wayne built houses while we had our meeting. Will enjoyed playing with Wayne! We left the church and picked Lindy up and did a parent session with her teacher. She did pretty good reading a story and answering questions afterwards.
To be fair to the inventors and advocates of synthetic phonics, they by and large are careful to talk about 'decoding' and 'phonic screening'. In part, this is a matter of how politicians talk, their press offices deliver press releases and unthinking journalists circulate what they're told. The big irony here is that journalists spend hours every day wrestling with words in order that they should be read for meaning!
Ricki Lake – it doesnt surprise me that she has made it this far, I predicted that fromt he start purely based on her fanbase, celebrity status and personality. What DOES surprise me is how good she has become. She is now starting to work on very nit picky elements of her dance, and that’s when you know you’re getting more and more professional about your approach. She doesnt work on basic movements, she works on her angles, heel leads, shoulder placement. Her dancing is very high quality, and this week she had to perform 2 totally different dances. Her slow romantic dance was lovely…
I will get back to Poetry Review very soon. I am desperately trying to get through the corrections to the draft of The Summer My Father Died. I have given myself until tomorrow evening.
Jury Finds Willfulness After Seagate - 47.6%
Devastating shocks like September 11, the Southeast Asian tsunami of 2004, and the 2010 Haiti earthquake had certainly primed the world for sudden disasters. But no one was prepared for a world in which large-scale catastrophes would occur with such breathtaking frequency. The years 2010 to 2020 were dubbed the “doom decade” for good reason: the 2012 Olympic bombing, which killed 13,000, was followed closely by an earthquake in Indonesia killing 40,000, a tsunami that almost wiped out Nicaragua, and the onset of the West China Famine, caused by a once-in-a-millennium drought linked to climate change.
Drive in, through access garaging, lock up and leave this private and secure home. Master with ensuite, plus another full bathroom and two separate bedrooms for guests. This property is a must see, as will sell quickly! Call now.
Apocalypse is the road to the temple of the sun
“I have a few appointments to get to. Feel free to help yourself to anything in the kitchen. I’ll arm the alarm, but the code is 28492 if you need to leave. Call me if you need anything.” He placed a key on the table next to my laptop. “Welcome aboard, Kate.”
ENGLISH TRANSLATION :
It must have resembled a ceremonial passing of the torch when Rudy Vallee introduced Crosby at his debut at the New York Paramount Theater on Nov. 6, 1931. He remained there for a record breaking three months, ending on Feb. 11, 1932. Immediately afterward he began an engagement at the Brooklyn Paramount for six weeks at five shows a day, from February 12 until March 24, 1932. He was paid the then staggering salary of $4,000 a week.
'I--I didn't know I had to make one--just then,' Alice faltered out."
Women usually place the highest priority on their own personal interests. We come from a very individualist society that assigns very high importance to the preferences of the individual. (We’re Selfish) The most powerful motivating personal interests are basic human needs. These are the main concerns that influence decision making and motivate all people. It is important to know each of these needs in order to understand female psychology.
This unit is full of fun activities to do with your kiddos...everything from bats, pumpkins and activities to go along with the following favorite Halloween stories.... Skeleton Hiccups, Scaredy-Cat, Splat, and Room on the Broom.
Tourism accounted for nearly half the GDP of the Bahamas. Diving was a multi-million-dollar industry here and sharks were an increasing draw. A single live shark in healthy habitat was worth as much as $200,000 in tourism revenue over its lifetime. It was a daunting thought.
It seems as if several things need to be in place before any of us will change:
Help us preserve it. It's what Keith would have wanted.
Do you have any professional souvenir photos in your collection? Where would you most like to have your photo taken on vacation in this fashion? Know any places that still do the old fashioned in-a-portfolio photography? Lemme know!!
6) Mix well.
Today’s forecast is:
MORE than thirty years ago, I was with Dr. Harvey M. Hall when he made his botanical survey of San Jacinto Mountain, California. An intelligent Indian joined us for a few days and acted as guide. He was much interested in the plants used by the American Indians, especially those used for food. After I came East, for several years we exchanged specimens and seeds. I sent the Indian nuts of nearly all the edible nut-bearing species in northeastern United States, also acorns, seeds of edible berries, and those of other wild fruits. These he planted along canyons and in moist situations where he thought they might grow.
A slick, view-from-below magazine (English and Hindi) would cover stories from the margins in ways that people at the margins would recognise. And its journalism could be so compelling that others would want to read it for its classiness and its difference. In a tiny, budget-conscious way, the Dalit-focussed publisher, Navayana, already tries to do this in the book trade.
When I first began to write I wanted to be the next Dr. Seuss (to my left in photo). Everything I wrote was in rhyme -- very bad rhyme. Fortunately, I was taking a course at NYU in writing for young readers, and my teacher suggested (very gently) that I might want to try prose. Whew! Thank you, Lee Wyndham. And Maurice -- well, who doesn't love Maurice and his incredible work?
Expectations has not only received high rotation on Australia’s premier radio station, JJJ FM, but it recently featured as the Australian iTunes Single of the Week (SOTW). The track currently sits as the second largest download in iTunes SOTW history.
"Two Weeks Last Summer" – (3:07)
Dear Lilly Bean,
Lightly brush Tuna with oil salt & pepper then sear on high heat, 2 minutes per side.
Feminine navy blue high collar blouse by CapriciousTraveler. I love the color, the dainty ruffles and high collar. It's so satisfying to wear things like this to work now that I have a job that lets me. Somehow it's just not the same wearing it to the grocery store.
Earlier in the week, we headed to my local 2nd Avenue thrift shop. While wandering around looking for some clothes (as I've lost weight, nothing fits me anymore). I found a cute pair of jeans, but that wasn't the best of my finds. As I was heading to the front of the store to get a cart, because we ended up having way more than we thought in our arms, they brought out this gem of a piece of furniture. $30- that's it! It was mine instantly.
power of choice,
I'm smiled at understood
Kristan (The Hammer) Cole
Reset to Zero.
'Please, Miss, is it for BEATING YOUR SLAVE?'
This is an extraordinary opportunity for an architect like me, I’ve been doing these iconic buildings, like Disney Hall and the Bilbao museum, but not an opportunity like this, to do housing, to do a mixed project and build a whole neighborhood practically from scratch and fit it into an existing fabric and make something special out of it. Also, the opportunity to build an arena in a very urban setting, which is unique-- most of them are built out in the fields, where there’s lots of parking around them. This has a different character, and we’re trying to understand it and work with that.
- He rolls all around and is now pushing himself up on his knees and then lunging. He seems very determined to get moving. I am so excited for the crawling stage!
Yet, by the end of the evening, I was a puddle of emotions. I had done my Esther study. O, my friends, this study is so amazing and I will share more from what I’m learning there…I promise but as I lay in bed, tears streaming down my cheeks from all the emotions of the last few days…I found a sermon from Kay Arthur called Hush, be Still…and just listened and it was as if Jesus was placing His loving Hand on my brow and quieting my sorrowed heart.
In a letter circulated earlier to the House Republican rank and file, said he had withdrawn from the talks with Obama because “in the end, we couldn’t connect.”
The definition of resistance is interesting: (www.dictionaryreference.com)
A secondary boycott is an attempt to influence the actions of one business by exerting pressure on another business. For example, assume that a group has a complaint against the Acme Company. Assume further that the Widget Company is the major supplier to the Acme Company. If the complaining group informs the Widget Company that it will persuade the public to stop doing business with the company unless it stops doing business with Acme Company, such a boycott of the Widget Company would be a secondary boycott. The intended effect of such a boycott would be to influence the actions of Acme Company by organizing against its major supplier.
More holiness give me, More strivings within,
The Age of Miracles: A Novel This book sounds rather decent. I’m trying really hard not to be annoyed at the ‘A Novel’ in the title. I hate when books do that. Really? It’s a NOVEL?! Are you sure it’s not a book of cannibalistic recipes? Because that’s what I immediately thought of.
like a smooth perfect branch
Strengths and Weaknesses
Ink - Sunflower and Olive (Our Daily Bread Designs)
like a bad tooth from my unwilling
You want different results, start making changes. It’ll be tough but you’ll love the results.
Slowly add the vinegar to the roux, stirring steadily until the sauce thickens. Next, add the potato water, also slowly, stirring constantly until the sauce is thickened. Add the sugar, stirring until dissolved.
I love the look of pencils, but I'll have to try that with my Copics too, soon:-)!
Have a look at the presentational video:
Technology use planning is both a process and a document. The process of technology use planning helps educators evaluate their current strengths and weaknesses within the realm of technology, determine where they want to be in the future, and see the potential for where future technology could take them. The document helps committees stay on task, divide the work load appropriately, and, most importantly, constantly implement, analyze, and evaluate.
Clearly these are meant for those who are fit and trim from all those hours on the court, they look a tad…. short. (Cough-cough.)
they exist on one dimension.
No request is too extreme
All their instructors are certified by the International Bodyflight Association, and iFly periodically organizes training camps and arrange for coaching by world champions to constantly upkeep and improve the standards of the instructors, so you can be assured of a safe flight, and that you are being taught in the best way for efficient learning~
Robert Conrad, the star of the original series, refused a cameo, trashed the film, and eventually accepted several Razzies on behalf of it in order to protest what had been done to the material. Last year, Will Smith publicly apologized to Conrad, saying he now understood that he had been a part of not only a terrible movie, but of insulting fans of the original series. Anyone who watches movies will still be offended by The Wild Wild West.
What I loved about these feats of engineering was that I could feel the labour that had gone into their construction. Most date from the 19th or early 20th century. Thousands of immigrant workers, Irish, German, Polish and countless others, would have worked year after year, in all seasons, presumably being poorly paid and with minimal safety standards.
Pool Shock: There are several different types of Shock treatments. Before using any of these treatments you should always check with your pool professionals to know which type is best for your pool and spa. Be sure to follow the manufactures instructions. Keep away from eyes as well as avoid direct contact with skin and clothing.
-Patricia Rieger
I've written and deleted about twenty different posts by now. It's 1 am , so I am going to be short - it's been a rather emotional week. I'm glad for things learned, but I am also glad that it is over. I am very eager to welcome ,simple , freeing, HAPPY weekend . I looked at my phone to check the time, and decided to change my post all completely. I want to share , again, those little faces that gave me strength to get through all the humps and bumps , and make me smile every time I look at them.
It is clearly a handicap, but I have more difficulty measuring my ability in many areas than some of my friends do. Then there are times when friends doubt but I don't. That usually concerns winning friends and influencing people.
Review by Cathelijne Filippo-Kokkeel
Sometimes I find myself looking out the window at work or having a quiet moment on the bus and I feel so much more ‘myself’ than I ever used to. Before taking Baclofen I was constantly ‘doing’, my thoughts would be always racing, I’d be stressing myself out about something and trying to do 100 things at one time.
General (later Field Marshall) Sir Edwin Bramall’s request was recorded in a minute taken by Mr Prior’s private secretary on September 22, 1981.
3 mie
4. Why do we consider the moon and stars so beautiful?
Just as we want our kids to take the educational journey of discovery and to suck up every piece of wonderous knowledge along the way and to be constantly amazed and delighted at every turn, we should want the same for our adult selves. And, just like the partnership of teachers and friends and family that our kids need, so to should we grab some mates and head out along the beery trail to new horizons – together.
I returned to the apartment 99% packed and them ready to drive to the new house. The unloading was super fast since they could just drop all the boxes in the garage. I think we did get a little screwed with the cost of the movers because suddenly there was an extra $35 "supply fee" and a 10% "long walk fee" (since our apartment was apparently a long walk to their truck. I questioned it - but The Husband was too tired to argue and gave them their money.
Don't forget to check out the blogs of the others who are sharing some inspiration this week. The sets highlighted today, as well as those from yesterday, are available TODAY!! You can also find all of the other January releases available now on the Clearly Dollar Stamps' site.
hope you have a beautiful weekend...and do something you absolutely love. (ps - i'm still rather smitten with my entirely ugly but comfy pink bedroom slippers)
Have you see “Up in the Air“? If not – Netflix it, great movie. George Clooney is a corporate down-sizer (and public speaker on the side). In one of his speeches he gives this monologue:
Somehow, "bother" just isn't the same.
There is a nice song that says; I have few good friends, my bills are paid, the person I love lays next to me, I have the moon up above and the sun and stars and I have it made.
1/4 to 1/2 cup of milk
When you were a child were you treated with respect and unconditional love? Or were you molded to be the person your parents wanted you to be? Were your passions encouraged or frowned upon? When you were in school were the things that brought you joy emphasized? Did your teachers recognize who you were and what you were good at and did they support you in developing those talents that were uniquely your own?
I also miss all the contacts and friends that I have made over the years through my blog. We are all so very lucky to have this network that we can use to reach out to each other across the miles.
There will be a prize of a Waltzingmouse stamp set of choice from a random drawing of comments left on all of the Design Team blogs. You have until May 11th at 11:59 pm, 5:59 am Central, 3:59 am Pacific and 6:59 am Eastern Time to leave your comments.
The main character Callie was easy for me to like she spends her time trying to do what is best for her young brother Tyler. I did feel she lost track of herself sometimes but I felt that was all part of her journey in the book. After facing poverty then being faced with all that money it would be hard for anyone not to change.
Concord Crush CS#119792
By Lord Aikins Adusei
Next, list what you had hoped for, or expected from this person or situation. This will translate into your loss. Then write down what you will need to trust God for as a result of this unmet expectation. Your list should look something like this:
Paul said, in our text, that the angel of God spoke with him. Couldn’t we all have such a visit from an angel? Couldn’t we all receive a revelation or a prophecy? Don’t forget the words of Christ concerning Paul in Acts 9:15. “He is a chosen vessel unto me, to bear my name before the Gentiles, and kings, and the children of Israel.”
Ambience: The Wolf Road branch of Old Chicago is located in a former gym (“The Fitness Factory”). In what I would assume to be a direct connection to this, this Old Chicago restaurant looks like a chain restaurant that was built inside a gym. The ceiling looks like other area fitness centers, complete with industrial-looking vents and ducts that look like the ones at the heart of the Martin Lawrence movie “Blue Streak.” The rest of the space is standard chain-restaurant stuff – nothing fancy. Of particular note, though, is the game room – almost half of the space here is dedicated to an I-Play game room. We played skee-ball and mini-bowling when we were there – it was fun! That being said, the game room is separate enough from the restaurant that you can avoid spending time there if you so choose.
Joel Gustave Nana, (French and English)
04 - Born To Be My Baby
We've got a few more big events and then school will be over before we know it. And then I will start my next adventure: work toward earning my Doctorate in Music Education from Kansas State University. I'm excited and scared all at the same time!
And all this assembly shall know that the LORD saveth not with sword and spear: for the battle is the LORD’S, and he will give you into our hands.
Speaking of September: Registration Opens On Tuesday!!!
I'm accustomed to beating myself up and sabotaging myself with the opposite thinking. This is victim mode. Negative self talk keeps me a victim. Acknowledging a not so good choice but moving forward allows me to move forward and make the next best decision.
Life, he realized, was much like a song.
Duck has said their biggest mistake was being the 'ultimate road warriors,' because they didn't leave enough of a recorded legacy. They have an unreleased album recorded at Channel One in Kingston in 1982. Chris Blackwell had Jack Nuber (engineer for Bob Marley, et al) record
Once turtles are cool, coat the tops in chocolate. Put back into fridge or freezer to set then package up.
Speaking of ducks, Ronna-duck is still sitting on her nine eggs and is being a very good Mum. She is less violent towards me than Eugenia was last year. Although she does cheap in protest, she doesn't struggle when I gently lift her off the nest every day to count the eggs beneath her. We seem to have stabilized at nine for the past week. The old beehive box I place over the nest to keep it contained has worked wonders! Ronna-duck has been adding feathers to her nest and it's looking very cozy now. I hope to get the baby duck nursery cleaned up this weekend. When the eggs hatch, we'll take the babies out to the "nursery" duckhouse in a bucket and Ronna can follow along behind us. That worked very well last year.
Belgian beer world, Moeder Lambic's 40 taps always have many
Locey uses generous touches of humor to tell a story that is deeper and more poignant than it appears on the surface. She refers to her book as “romantic rural comedy” and it is, indeed, quite funny throughout. Told in the first person, our gal Libby has quite a gift for the turn of phrase. I love a book that has me laughing out loud, and Libby, er, Ms Locey, provides that quite nicely.
Kim and Kayla here...
2 Corinthians 5:17 Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation. The old has passed away; behold, the new has come.
Britain has historically, kept the light of Freedom burning throughout the dark periods of European history. We are rightly proud of our nation’s record in fighting totalitarianism and tyranny, but so successful have the politically correct elite been at undermining our British identity and restricting our fundamental right of freedom of speech, that the British people are now being cowed into submissiveness and silence, even as our nation is being dismantled and destroyed. Fortunately, people like you remain to challenge these elites. The British Lion can still roar.
First Visit to SoBe since it became SoBe.
Assorted Belgians and French Bieres de Garde. Among the former, sour reds (Rodenbach), eclectic Wallonians (La Chouffe, McChouffe) and wondrous Saisons (Dupont the finsets example); the French beers are criminally underrated and simply wonderful with many dishes. Ask Chef Clancy if you don’t believe me. American examples of both Belgian and French styles include Ommegang Hennepin, Jolly Pumpkin’s line and Two Brothers Domaine Dupage (sic).
We're expecting a baby.
What I don’t understand is why that last argument convinced Houtarou? Maybe he figured out that he can’t stop Chitanda now? My first guess when I watched it was that his sister would make him do it since she must have done it before too, but this is kind of shaky since she told him that he didn’t have to do anything besides registering as a member before. Or maybe he doesn’t want to get in a fight with a teacher or something? But now that he agreed with this, Houtarou has to do even more work. He has to look for the old anthologies. I feel very sorry for him, he only picked the wrong day to be bored and drop by.
Tuesday it was time to go back to work... For obvious reasons I was a bit nervous. Even though I am staying with the same Accounting firm, I was basically starting new, being at a new office with new people. I found an apt literally across the street from my office. I drove the first 2 days, but more than likely I will walk to and from work everyday, unless of course its raining or something like that. Everyone at the office were very nice and welcoming. I think they had been waiting on my arrival because they loaded me up with work right away. Which I have no problem with, since I hadn't been doing much up in Fort Worth the last few weeks.
This is a Brains pub, we've been there several times over the years, always good atmosphere, its basically a large terrace house on a side street.
Other than that, application was perfect :)
I was perusing the New York State video archives and came across the following 1985 video from the New York State Health Department, a "public service announcement encouraging New Yorkers to exercise."
This post is for Stephanie of Steph's Green Space, who has asked me before about this plant. (Stephanie, I was waiting for the flowers to grow and bloom to show you the beauty of the flowers!) and also to Autumn Belle of My Nice Garden. Autumn Belle, there were four pregnant guppies, one has already given birth, now waiting for the other three. The picture above shows one of the pregnant guppy. When you buy guppies, make sure you buy more females than males!)
But my wife sends me pictures, he's sure got her smile.
For Warmaster, just move them around and put them next to the unit they are fighting with. If there´s little space, detach the smaller officer from the big base and that´s it.
I’m back from our wonderful, weekend getaway and am very happy to say that this evening, at 8:09 pm, my husband handed me back my freshly scrubbed, clean-behind-the-ears computer. YIPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!! (Can you tell how excited I am?)
(Thankfully things are back to normal for now, and she's nursing normally. I stayed home on Monday from work to make sure things were good with her, and we had an incredible day.)
David Edgar, one of the earliest members of the Association of Brewers (now the Brewers Association), is, among other things, a rep for HopUnion, Ralph Olson's hop company. He posted the following on the BA Brewers Forum this morning, and gave me permission to copy it here. It's pretty much self-explanatory.
Instead he was put in the lock-up without any valid reasons or grounds or reasonable or probable cause.
For Egyptians, the sheer magnitude of protests on 25 January 2011 — and indeed that it happened at all — was a rupture in their existing imagination. (Of course Tunisia was a rupture in everyone’s imagination of what was possible.) They most definitely built on that rupture, ran with it, and have been pushing forth since. And while the Nakba Day protests in May made for an amazing moment, it was not a rupture in Palestinians’ imagination even close to comparable to that of what was happening in the rest of the region.
I don't remember anybody ever making this with Cream of Chicken soup, probably because that would have been marginally tasty. No, they always made it with gross-ass Cream of Mushroom because vegetables are supposed to be obligatory and disgusting, not delicious.
Planxty- Words & Music, Altan, Pale Saints- In Ribbons, The Negro Problem- Post Minstrel Syndrome, Ivy- Apartment Life, Damien Dempsey- Seize The Day, Francois Breut- Vingt a Trente Mille Jours, Juana Molina- Son
What are your thoughts about recaps in anime? Do you enjoy them, hate them, or wish they never existed at all?
I'm doing this a bit early because I'm going somewhere tommorow and will probably only be bothered to write one post, which will be my review of Lock And Key. (I'm nearly done with it. It's Sarah Dessen so you know that the review will compromise of mostly fangirlism.) Schools been tough at the moment, and I'm so glad that I have a week off. Woot! Anyhow, praise to half indie bookshops and oxfams!
Needless to say, large-scale rioting and the aforementioned surge in terrorist activity constitute the most obvious ways in which an electoral discontinuity would collapse into a non-electoral discontinuity. Even ignoring this possibility the massive damage and destruction - physical, human, and political - caused by rioting is something that Wilders and those like him will be keen to avoid if at all possible. It is hard to see how large-scale and well-organized rioting across urban areas in the Netherlands could be avoided if a future Dutch government were to announce its intention to implement Option 2, and equally hard to see how such rioting could be brought under control once both sides understood that they were involved in an existential struggle.
But I've learned, recently, that sharing dreams can make them stronger. I’ve been writing, off and on, for many years. The people I'm close to have always known. Some even read my very first book, the one I never revised. That book never went anywhere (which is probably a good thing), but that didn't matter. Because I had done it. The thing I wanted to do most. And that was worth celebration.
Relaxing the body and mind are important components of martial arts training. What advice would you give a new student who is tense and needs to relax their movements? How did you learn to relax?
What is so beautiful and inviting about this space and can I make it happen at my home please (for less)?
I know that it is more fun to see an entire picture of a design. As I had said before, I am a little leery at this point to do so. But, if (and when) all of Annabelle's 'adventures' are assembled into a quilt, there will be a 'total' picture.
Please click on the link below, and view my audition for “Your Own Show” on the OWN (Oprah Winfrey Network). Vote early and often…that’s the Chicago way!
I liked this more than I thought that I would. It's not a confessional, tell-all type of thing - more of the process of getting there then anything else and that was refreshing because the tell all memoirs can sometimes become very...old for lack of a better term. I thought it was also a creative take on the memoir genre. It used a real life murder trial to delve into and explore personal demons and that was brilliant, because it was different. It is, therefore, honest, raw and heart wrenching by turns. Elliott remains true to himself and the memories, as he remembers and feels about them. They're not sugar coated or filtered. They just are. And that is also what makes this memoir so interesting. Don't get me wrong, this memoir is sometimes disjointed and is more stream of consciousness or a mix of short stories held together by Elliott's reports of the murder trial, which act as the glue for the whole memoir.
+The World Is Full Plankton
1. An Albatross "In the Court of the King Bear" 0:34
And that pretty much told Charlie he would never tell his mom what happened. Nope, never. She’d think he was a freak.
Moorman WJ, Skaggs SR, Dankovic DA, Shaw PB, Turner TW, Chapin RE, Schrader SM. Benchmark Doses from Lead Induced Spermatoxcity in Male Rabbits. J Andrology 1998; 18: .
*I’m usually quite lazy, the best way to get me interested in something is to give me to relevant links first. Other wise I just forget about it and never bother to google to topic.
- We'll gradually shift to scheduled postings to deal with global time differences. (And because I have to for private/professional reasons)
I haven't turned to chemicals to ease my mind and calm my pains in a while, and as I watched the glorious exit and flame out of the creature named Whitney, I'm thankful that I lived to know better. I lived to learn how to learn and I wasn't extended an exit by the universe because evidently I am teachable even through the ball busting pain I created by living a life first as a drunk and then an all around drug addict and substance abuser. The miracle for me is not only that I am sill here, it is the fact I am GRATEFUL to be here.
So let's play a game...
For dinner you will have jello because it is about 30 or 40 calories for a whole bowl. So go to your local store
Opals have traditionally been considered "lucky" stones...but only for those born in the month of October. It has been considered bad luck to wear them if you were born in any other month.
Go Colts.
DP: Me & My Big Ideas - Mambi Sheets; DCDW - Shimmer Stack
3- Mix the yeast and sugar to a little of the warm liquid, and allow it to become frothy.
Oy. I completely forgot about it. We volleyed ideas back and forth on where it might find a good fit and settled on three likely prospects. Each of these publishers have something outstanding going for it and I would've been happy with any of them.
Released in 1999 it comes as no surprise that 10 Things I Hate About You is incredibly 90s. It’s not just set in the 90s it is incredibly over the top 90s that you can’t watch it without feeling nostalgic. But because of this, the film is visually great; its vibrant, its colourful, bright and, at times, majorly over the top but it’s just so fun that it gets away with it. That’s reason one, the visuals.
Aliases:
I wouldn't call him contemplative, yet when you asked him to tell you stories of the war or of his Depression-era youth, he got a wistful look in his eyes and conjured up details and descriptions you'd never expect.
To start this activity my students I do a simple web. Yes, I know that foods are a thing, but I separated them for spacing issues since the students come up with so many foods. I choose a color and then model for students. Then students find a partner
The drug control unit out of Area B-2 made a heroin bust on Fayston Street near Blue Hill Avenue. They arrested a party named Kimball Clark, and after he was lugged, Clark got to make his one phone call. According to the police report, here’s what happened:
That concludes the first tutorial I have available – the next one will teach the complete RMVX novice How To Import New People.
That the Holy Ghost may give the graces of light and strength to the Holy Father, Benedict XVI, and to the Superior General of the Society, Bishop Fellay, and for the reconciliation and canonical recognition of the Society of St. Pius X.
The technology that makes such customized advertising possible is called microtargeting, which is similar to the techniques nonpolitical advertisers use to serve up, for example, hotel ads online to people who had shopped for vacations recently.
That was the first thought I remember thinking when I finally was over the shock of being told my daughter had Down syndrome....
One such species, appropriately for a Christmassy article, is the reindeer, which goes to great lengths to search out the hallucinogenic fly agaric mushroom (Amanita muscaria) — the one with the white-spotted red cap that garden gnomes like to sit on. Eating the toadstool makes reindeer behave in a drunken fashion, running about aimlessly and making strange noises. Head-twitching is also common.
Now on my way home. Feel hungry tired and bored. Allergy has started to be annoying but not too bad.
But before I get to that (it's coming, don't worry), here's something to think about. As I said up there, fairy tale endings for authors are pretty much rarer than hen's teeth these days. So, if you want your work to be in the best shape possible, you could do a lot worse than contact Natascha Biebow's brand-new venture, Blue Elephant Storyshaping. Natascha has considerable experience as a Senior Commissioning Editor--so she knows what she's talking about and she can add a shiny bit of polish, or give excellent advice to those who are just not sure if what they have is good enough. But, just for now, let's assume your work is as good as you can get it, and you want to send it out into the Big Bad World.
I was guilty that thinking too. The Hubs and I were long distance for a very long time. I was ready to just get married and be done with it so we could finally be together. When I say long distance, I mean we didn't really date in the way normal couples would. Our dates consisted of airline tickets. When we finally did move in together I thought I was ready. I was sure of it. I'd seen my mother interact with my father. Surely it was simple. I learned quickly that what you may see on the surface of a relationship, may not be 100% accurate.
*There’s a point I’d like to make on this, which is that mid-list authors are struggling these days. A lack of high sales is pushing a lot of writers out of writing and it’s unfortunate. McDevitt is a perfect example of a talent that needed time to mature, and he’s a great example of tenacity too.
Are you going to let others dictate your fate and the direction of your life, or are you going to make the decisions which will take control of your time and your destiny?
Upland Schwarz
What both views miss, Mann insists, is that the Americas before 1492 were the site of a number of highly sophisticated and highly successful civilizations, cultures that were in many ways the equal of or superior to the cultures of the invading Europeans.
We'll be back soon and show you how we got the drawer to fit and how it holds soo much stuff. I guess the cats will be hanging out in the drawer for the night.
Where Can an Elephant Roost? contains tried-and-tested activities to engage your pupilsʼ imaginations and get them in the mood for learning. For maximum impact, use them first thing in the morning, and they will be fired up for the whole day. With 180 activities in the book, there are enough for the whole year!
Lots of people seem to equate unschooling with neglect. As if unschooling parents just sit back and let their children "do whatever they want," without and thought or care. But unschooling is NOT "un-parenting" or "hands-off" parenting. Unschooling is NOT parents not caring what their children are doing. You can read any of my posts on parenting to see that.
It’s funny, as I implied at the beginning, it’s so easy to get lost in all the incessant hype about U2 and “Bono’s ego” or whatever. Fine, it’s hard to ignore and U2 themselves certainly make sure they are constantly relevant (read: exposed) and they will always swing for the fences and crank the hype meter up to 11. (No coincidence that after forming with the name Feedback, they were then known as The Hype before settling on U2.)
It’s a nice addition to the realm of teen heroes. Gwen is gaining her footing, building up sidekicks—er, I mean friends. Catching the eye of the hot guy, and get this he’s a Spartan. (Yes, 300 is mentioned and joked about.) Big secrets (which are way too obvious to the reader) come out of the closet and Gwen is learning she has what it takes to be a true Champion of the Gods.
Damn, it feels good to say that.
If you have any views on this, be it book and beer pairings or on the subject its self i'd love to hear about it as this is a relitivly new subject in the blogging world, but at one point or another I'm sure we've all been guilty of sitting in a pub or at home with a nice pint and book to chill out with. Cheers.
Considering how Representative Cummings has continuously tried to stymie the investigation and turn it into a referendum on gun control, I think we can take his comments for the little they're worth.
Code 46, the troubling, moody dystopian romance, initially charmed us, then baffled us, then kinda freaked us out, and then surprised us (Coldplay? Really?). But we are so terribly partial to dystopias filmed in atmospheric indie fuzz that we could overlook even the uncomfortable Oedipal kinks and the too-mainstream pop bookend: we liked it.
To misquote Candy, you can't choose your family but you can choose your friends; she chose the SCBWI and thank goodness she did because we're all the better for it.So, take another bow, Candy, 'cos this is for you, from the team.
Sorry for the interruption in Let's Brew instalments. A variety of factors, too dull to mention here, were responsible. But I can guarantee you that there will be at least two Wednesdays in a row with recipes. Even better than that, with William Younger recipes.
Roger Beachy, a member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences and founding president of the Donald Danforth Plant Science Center, will discuss the future of sustainable and intensive agriculture on Jan. 26 at Cal Poly Pomona. The lecture is entitled, "The Role of Science and Technology in Achieving Global Food Security." Beachy's groundbreaking work on plant genetic engineering, leading to the development of plants resistant to viral diseases, has won him numerous honors and awards, including the Wolf Prize in Agriculture. The lecture is open to the public and will be held in the University Theatre at 7 p.m. A networking session will take place at 6 p.m., and a question-and-answer session will follow the lecture. For more information, visitwww.csupomona.edu/~kellogglectures/ Click for article in the Pasadena Star news. Posted: 01/12/2012 12:03:36 AM PST
For Penny, the beginning of thunderstorm season has not been an enjoyable time. Her refuge always seems to be under or around our legs, which many times results in her tripping us as we move from one room to the other.
But Jade soon comes to realize that good things don’t last forever. When everything spirals out of control, she is shattered by something she never saw coming. Dazed and despairing, she must now overcome tragedy and embrace her true existence and a new but dangerous love. Will she be able to save herself and those she loves, before it’s too late? Or will
The intense energy might want to make us just crawl into a cave and wait it out. But we don’t do this. We stand firm on the Earth each day, breathe in and out, and we try our best to stay in our center wherever that might be in any given moment. Everything around us is shifting and changing at a ridiculous rate of speed. If we try to hide out, or hunker down, it will not work. We must stay involved. We must participate in this grand unfolding of a new earth, humanities awakening and the unification of the collective consciousness. This is what you came here for. You signed up for this.
First class had luscious, huge seats, especially for young adults, a printed menu with delicacies to choose from. I’m drooling just remembering them. Beef Wellington?Steak? Salmon? Really, really good, gourmet food. I remember one of the desserts, it was the ice-cream sundae cart approaching me. I saw mountains of vanilla ice cream come headed towards me. Near it was a huge silver bowl filled with whipped cream, hot fudge sauce, sprinkles and many other condiments. “Make your own sundae” in the best of times was good, but while flying through clouds? Heavenly.
Mr Young has gone off on another sales trip. He calls to tell me that he’s forgotten his wallet.
From the cover: Widely praised when it first appeared, England: A Concise History is a superbly illustrated volume which presents the history of England in a form short enough to be grasped and seen as a whole. The author emphasizes the achievements and constructive features of English history above all, the evolution of democratic institutions and the creation of a social order strengthened by extensions of liberty, tolerance and freedom of speech.
Be of sober spirit, be on the alert. Your adversary, the devil, prowls around like a roaring lion, seeking someone to devour. I Peter 5:8
Doors at 8:30pm - $10.00 in advance - $12.00 day of show
I know that home school verses public or private school can be a touchy subject. I understand that there is not one way to raise wise, loving and obedient children. I know that each family must do what they feel is best for their family. I was in both public and home school. I lived in both worlds growing up. I also know that my home school years in junior high were some of the greatest years I had! My family became my best friends! I looked to my parents and sisters for spiritual advice. I was able to grow stronger feathers that prepared me for public high school. I also believe that times have changed. Times are tougher. People are rougher! Christian morals and beliefs have been watered down. After helping in youth groups the past ten years, I see how much more challenging it is to be a teenager these days. The issues they deal with are so much more than when I was a teenager. I can't even believe some of the problems they face in school today.
teach me the song
Anyways, we have talked from time to time about doing a beer trade. I have done it before and I loved it. I mean, how cool is it when the mailman brings you beer. It is so much better than junk mail or bills. So a few weeks ago, we decided to do it. We decided to trade some beer.
Seriously cool. That was my Thursday experience. So in addition to learning how to milk goats by hand, by automatic machine, and after birthing a goat, I headed up to the cheese house, where I'm helping the farm intern, Ian, make cheese. I got up to the house around 9:30/10am, where I helped ladle curd into cheese forms. ***I'm learning the cheese making process not start to finish, but sort of mixed up because they're in the middle of production every day and its impossible to start the cheese process start to finish for the product that they're creating. But i've seen pretty much every step at this point, with the exception of rennet addition. Which brings me to Friday, where I had the relatively late start of 7:00 am, starting right away in the cheese house. Right away we started transferring the fresh unpasteurized milk from the chiller into the pasteurizer, which we had set up the day before. Then right in the middle of getting the pasteurizer up to temp we got in the morning milk (45 Qts), and had to clean the chiller, strain the milk and get it into the chiller to await the next pasteurization in roughly a day. I won't bore you with the details, but its a straightforward process, and voila! I know how to make cheese. So hmm. No wonder I haven't gotten hired by any farms as of yet. I didn't even realize how little I knew until I learned a whole bunch in one day. But now I know a whole bunch more, and I have to say, I love it. I'm back up on the farm tomorrow and Friday, can't wait to see what they'll throw at me.
As I said, it all comes down to perspective. What is important to you? Better yet, what is going to be important to you one million years from today? Remember, there will come a day when things that you highly valued will suddenly become worthless. And things that you didn’t care about will suddenly become of supreme importance.
13He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.
Smart.
I had originally pinned this project and decided I would make one. I purchased the font online and I had a real pretty script for the names but it was just to delicate so each time it was ruined when it was cut. I always use blade depth 3, med pressure, med speed. I know others have different settings but when I tried some one's settings it was awful so this is what works for me. It helps to make sure your blade is fairly new because the sharper the better.
So in a bowl, add the roasted cauliflower, the red bell pepper…
I think I’ve thoroughly demilitarized this skirt. When I tell people this used to be a Marine Corps uniform skirt, they are always surprised. It looks decidedly un-military-like paired with a hot pink tank and black lace.
Download!
1. Rinse beef and scald to remove blood.
No that’s not a typo. These two different preservatives are found in processed meats like bacon, lunch meat, and hot dogs. They’re some of the worst offenders, and they’re believed to cause colon cancer and metabolic syndrome, which can lead to diabetes. Protect your health by always choosing fresh, organic meats.
I did just that.
British youth leads the Western world in almost all aspects of social pathology, from teenage pregnancy to drug taking, from drunkenness to violent criminality. There is no form of bad behaviour that our version of the welfare state has not sought out and subsidised.
With everlasting love,
References -
Reluctantly, he had gone back to foraging for enough seeds to fill his always-empty stomach. He did not know he had hatched from an eagle egg placed in a prairie-chicken’s nest.
Happy Valentines Day to all the lovers.
(I truly think we're kindred spirits. I love everything that she creates.)
So I'll finish the laundry this week (cycling it all isn't a problem, it's getting it folded and put away that kills me). Then William and I pack up again and head to UCSF on Monday for another week of antibody therapy. Hopefully the hospital has a good view of some fireworks! (Holidays and hospital stays seem to be our thing.)
Dan vlieg ek deur die tronk se tralies heen
And for breakfast?
Recommended for: Teens and adults, ages 14 and up
I must admit that during the first half of the mass (the readings) I totally tuned out as I gazed in total adoration at the angel sleeping in my arms. I could have been anywhere, and I didn’t take in a word.
**UPDATE** I had to share the great idea that a wonderful woman left as a comment (I don't have your name, let me know so I can give you credit :) ). Here is what she said:
Let the Christmas trees, standing straight, tall, unbowed,
Free man is the black Orpheus hymns to the sun on Rosicrucian Dipole immeasurable unit (sink source separation on matter as projected consciousness in hyper-active super-dense aquione on Maha-Ether Circle)
One thing I noticed about this image is her bottom left hand glove didn't have the stripes like the right hand does. Not sure if it was a mistake by the artist who drew her, or if it was meant to be that way? But either way, I used my black Prisma ink pen to draw in the stripes for her other glove. I found it works really good with the Copics too, doesn't bleed at all!
- Cut back on the soda (no more than 5(?) sodas a week)
As many of you know, Writer Beware is a 100% volunteer endeavor. We do receive support from our sponsor, the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America, and also from the Mystery Writers of America--but our finances are pretty tight.
Meanwhile, Mr Wan should be mentally prepared to receive more lawyers’ letters in the future on behalf of his other foreign editors and he is unlikely to be so lucky to be let off with only a ‘slap on the wrist’ the next time.
“Just leave.”
Who else might have these sacred information?
Young coconut pulp – sliced thinly or diced small according to your preference
Thursday, April 19 at Lol-Ha
The art of living does not consist in preserving and clinging to a particular mode of happiness, but in allowing happiness to change its form without being disappointed by the change; happiness, like a child, must be allowed to grow up. ~ Charles L. Morgan
In Thief's Covenant, Adrienne is a good, spunky protagonist, and there's a nice mystery to how the different phases of her life fit together. I am intrigued by what the 147 different gods in this world are up to. Marmell is also exploring the implications of social stratification in Davillon, which is an interesting theme for a YA book.
Good morning all you wet bloggers!! And a big welcome and thank you to my new followers I'm thrilled that you have joined me! I am scheduling this post in case I have a lie in in the morning hehe! I went to a fashion show last night with my sister and it was lovely to see all the summer clothes can't imagine ever wearing any in this weather but a girl can dream can't she??
Mister Man: Kristen?
Way way back, all the way back to two full days ago, I patiently pointed out that no decisions are made in December about books or the suchlike, and I knew, because of how extremely and nobly patient I am, that I wouldn't hear anything until 2012, which is three weeks from now, if not more, given that New Year's Day is on a Sunday, which practically stops the new year from starting until Jan. 8 at the earliest.
b. we put a clause in the contract, not unlike reconciliation to print, that allows us to request the information from the publisher at any time and they can print out all the amounts received information so I can determine if what is on the royalty statements is correct.
Now if you have read my blogs before you realize that Sunday's are typically nuts with people having Sunday Funday, the drinks flow and dancing occurs, and people get craaazzzyy!! We had some of our normal regulars in and some that I haven't see in awhile. One of them was a group of girls who I hadn't seen in a couple weeks. They had a couple girls with them that I didn't recognize, but boy let me tell you that after this Sunday I will not forget one girl's particular face!
21. Cincinnati Bengals CB Alfonso Dennard (Neb) The Bengals were a big surprise this year with Andy Dalton and AJ Green teaming up. They have an up and coming Defensive unit and could use a little help on the tail end of it.
Finance Analyst Internship Opportunities . See HuskyJobs posting #60399 Resume due 4/19/12
"Have you got time for another one?"
They had been asked to create a page or 2 each to be combined with the rest of the family and given to the Mother/Grandmother of them all. Great idea except they didn't have the equipment, experience or supplies so they turned to me.
My craptastic I'm too hungry to care photo... see why I use the originals? haha
Freedom of speech should be given precedent, Ekeli believes, although he acknowledges that calls to commit criminal acts are likely to increase the odds of someone breaking the law,
“I first met Stuart on stage at a U2 concert in Hammersmith Palais back in 1983″ says Mike Peters. “Bono introduced us to his audience as being “part of the the new breed” and Stuart was literally passed up onto the stage by the fans and I shook his hand as I handed him a guitar – an unforgettable entrance. The last time I saw him was also on stage with Big Country at Glasgow Barrowlands for the last night of the Final Fling tour in 2000, when we sang Neil Young’s ‘Rockin’ In The Freeworld’ together.
where the villains known as The Smokers, attack the main atoll that is one exquisitly well orchestrated action sequence! It includes hundreds of extras, jet skis jumping in the air, explosions, boats, machine guns, they even had planes flying all over the place! They certainly pulled out all stops on that one. Normally, we as an audience just think “wow, cool stuff!” but sometimes we don’t even think about all the hard work and logistics that go into organizing a scene like that one. To complicate matters, everything was literally shot in the ocean; a
‘Sure, no problem. No, wait, there’s a problem’.
So too with my Karate-Do interactions and relationships. Relative to the martial arts, here are a few of my Karate-Do reflections.
Terry Moore is cute as a bug! At one point when they See Mr. Dingle in front of the bank, Rosalinda remarks that she has never been in a bank. That's how poor they were!
Or take a different kind of example. When Mark tells the story of a blind man being healed in Mark 8:22-26, he has two purposes: first (and this is the kind of reading to which we fall naturally), to tell us that Jesus healed a blind man; but second, Mark is also telling us, in placing this story where it is in his gospel, that ‘seeing’ Jesus is something that requires a miraculous hand. The story that follows is of Peter’s confession of Christ (what great insight!), followed immediately by his rejection of Christ’s death (what blindness!). In other words, Mark has placed this story here as much to record the event as to tell us that ‘seeing’ Jesus—that is, understanding Jesus’ mission and purposes—is something that requires a kind of ‘healing.’ We are all blind to the truth of Jesus, and need his touch to help us receive him. If we take the story of the healing and abstract it, turning it into ‘evidence’ for our own picture of Jesus, we are doing violence to the original image.
Wikipedia said that the restaurant had different entrances for different classes of patrons. The entrance on rue Lafitte was for the best patrons, the boulevard entrance for the well-heeled masses. The rue Lafitte entrance led to the infamous private rooms or ‘cabinets’ where rich and famous men entertained their lady friends ‘privately’.
The Book of Lost Things by John Connolly is a delicious delve into the world of fairytale, imagination and books. It is the story of David, a quiet boy who is trying to come to terms with the death of his mother, and the new family that takes her place. He retreats into a semi trance-like world of his own creation peopled by crooked men, knights and beasts, enchantresses, wolves and worse-than-wolves. Written like all good tales, there's a quest and all sorts of encounters along the way. I was particularly delighted by the more gruesome aspects of the story, where Connolly has drawn upon pre-sanitized versions of fairy tales for his inspiration. Particularly dreadful was a huntress who made child-animal hybrids so that they would be more challenging and swifter hunting quarry, and The Crooked Man who is an incarnation of Rumplestitskin and who makes terrible bargains with children before plucking out their hearts and eating them, and then storing their souls in a jar on a shelf in his lair in order for him to remain alive.
Materials : Quality Spandex Lycra (Top Notch)
pleasure means nothing
It was the perfect day for the zoo.
State: Hungry, eating spaghetti
I can see
This give away is open to US residents.
My words flew into the empty air as they willingly stripped down and flew down the hill to experience a second day of frolicking in the mud.
Self Reiki and Leg Drains followed by a touch of meditation in the morning sun. Afternoon…Scouted out some new parks riding the old bike with the kiddos.
And the only way to get it out -- naturally, in this case -- is to play the album until you're sick of it.
4 Loss of Control 3:31
I have had summer on the brain lately. I know it is only January but summer activities for kids book up quickly here (Does that happen everywhere else or is Texas just crazy?). I have been trying to figure out which ones are the most important to us, how much we can afford and if the schedules all fit together. First priority is definitely swim lessons for my daughter. Man, those are super expensive! I found a program that is highly recommended and is fairly affordable compared to others. I have called them twice and no one has returned my call. So frustrating! Hello? I am trying to give you my business! Call me back!
They were thrilled with Disney, but they still preferred Discovery Cove. It was such a laid-back, relaxing place.
More Dr Pepper UK social media goodness.
“We saw you in the supermarket buying 3 boxes of cheap lager for £20. We are the paramilitary wing of CAMRA, what reasoned argument will not solve, we sort out. We are taking you to a pub and we are going to make you drink cask ale until you damn well get used to it and start to like it. You’ll thank us for it, in the end”
Maxi – Has a good goalscoring record, but will he ever contribute enough to this team?
So I decided to turn this into a small article because you’re not always a lucky bastard like I was with this model.
‘‘(8) SELF-PROTECTED ENTITY.—The term ‘self-protected entity’ means an entity, other than an individual, that provides goods or services for cybersecurity purposes to itself.’’.
Anyway for those of you who are enjoying the sun right now, here's a review for a sunblock and moisturizer in one.
I was breathing, now I need a respiration tube and mechanical support.
Any other suggestions gratefully received. After all, there’s still 119 spaces to fill – and that’s just today!
Introducing, Count "CATula" by Penny Black.
Mr Crump said: ‘If he and his friends experimented with marijuana, that is completely irrelevant. What does it have to do with killing their son?’
Mid Afternoon Snack:
First Native American detective – Move over Tony Hillerman! The laurels here go to Rex Stout’s detective Tecumseh Fox in Double for Death (1936).
The Map of Kilimanjaro Park is really helpful to have and again starts to put things in perspective. However, looking at the elevations and having Dan talk me through the various parts of the hike and explain how treturous some of it could be, it also made me nervous. It will be great to come back and look at this map and see where I went and the heights that we reached.
I’ve been waiting for this. It’s the long-awaited, reader-friendly review by Chye-Ching Huang of the economic theory, evidence, and literature on the relationships—or lack thereof—between taxes on high–income households and their impact on growth, jobs, investment, and entrepreneurship.
No one at the end of the phone knew anymore than it was for "failing to follow instructions". Yes, that's why he's not been at school for the past year, etc, etc, and why he's under their monitoring... By now already late for the afternoon session I was working in, I got hold of someone who was able to tell me he'd walked out of school 2 hours previously. Although fairly confident his homing instinct, and desire for a quiet spot with his computer, would guarantee he'd be at home, I excused myself and went straight home to see what was what. After which I calmed myself down by catching the tail end of a programme about the coachload of ballroom dancers who'd been called in to be in the Magical Mystery Tour film.
By little arms are plied,
Saturday 2:30 - 3:30 Paulo Nutini (British guy with Italian name who can harken the R&B soul and make it sound modern) Big Stage
Once its hot throw in the garlic, onions and ginger and stir fry for a couple of minutes till the onions have wilted and the nice smell of ginger and garlic is obvious.
Long story short: I finally have some damn Christmas gifts to wrap and put under our lovely tree.
So, quilters. Please. Before you sign up to participate in a swap, ask yourself this: Am I an anal retentive over-achiever who says at least once a day, "WHY CAN'T OTHER PEOPLE JUST DO THINGS RIGHT? LIKE I DO?" Or, are you a lazy, shiftless ass munch who does everything at the last minute and doesn't give a crap about anyone else? Because, if you are the latter, the rest of us will see you on swapflops.blogspot.com.
POST : Manager-Administration (Female Preffered)
Now, I’m going to be nitpicky for just a second and point out a few things that differ from the comics. Nick Fury/SHIELD did not assemble The Avengers. We don’t get to see Avengers founding members Ant-Man (Henry Pym) and Wasp (Janet van Dyne). Captain America, Black Widow and Hawkeye are later additions to the team. The Chitauri are a race of history-meddling shapeshifters and we never really see their true form. This shapeshifting ability was apparently tossed for the movie.
Why did I stay so long?
I like a mix. I've stopped trying to name it. I'm just going with it. The country phase I've referenced was more old-school. Like lots of barn red. American flags on all kinds of stuff. A little primitive. Homespun fabric. Cinnamon candles. Bows? I'd say that part of country is no longer an influence in my personal aesthetic.
Today after one of my trips from the couch to the bathroom I made my bed. I felt empowered! I felt in control! It's amazing how something so simple, can make a girl feel so happy! Don't you all go worrying now. I came straight back to the couch :) It's all going to be about baby steps, but I know I will feel better if I take back a little control of my life...in whatever form I can.
The movie added in outside perspectives that I had wondered about during the book, but which could not be revealed as Katniss was narrating from her singular point of view. Katniss’ mother and sister were shown watching her on-screen. So was Gale, as she feigned romantic feelings for Peeta and kissed him in the cave. Haymitch, their mentor, was shown talking it up with the sponsors to get the much-needed gifts of medicine sent to them, and even persuading the game makers that they should allow Katniss and Peeta to continue on because the audience would love the romantic angle.
Starting Hands II + Test
Hand it to Don Coscarelli; he knows what demonic buttons to push.
the “longshore” or “dory” fisherman, who returns at nightfall.
If you've been following these posts from the beginning, you'll be aware that I took photos during the invasion and the period immediately after. These photos were widely exhibited during the 1980s, but have sat gathering dust in a portfolio since then.
And then this simple cute card! I used a cut out from my cameo (American Crafts hearts from the silhouette shop) and misted over that using a polka dot mask.
Tools: Big Shot, Dots EF, modern label punch, square scallop punch
3 ONE in five of the world's population - 1.25 billion people - is undernourished.
All the same, I'm going to be wrapped in layers of all my warmest field clothes! I bought a lot of stuff at the REI clearance last year for just such an occasion.
The fluttering bowels of the women of dead burghers,
It's been a month since Briana has spoken to ex-boyfriend Devon. She expects him to be involved in the baby's life, wants him to go to doctor's appointments, and - this is where it would be funny if it wasn't so dadgum sad - wants him to do everything she has to do (get up with the baby in the middle of the night, feed the baby, etc). I want to hug this girl and slap her at the same time. Honey, if he's not around while you're pregnant and he doesn't care enough to go to sonogram appointments, he's not going to give two shits after the baby is born either.
The Lucky One (2008)*
PERMANENT ROSE by Hilary McKay
I confess...
In addition, the government is considering establishing a minimum price per unit of alcohol in the UK, which they assure us will instantly reduce binge drinking and encourage a sense of responsibility around alcohol through enforced temperance, and absolutely definitely completely will not result in low socio-economic status alcoholics committing crimes to fund their suddenly expensive habit.
And the people watching. Pink wigs abound, as they are in support of some local celebrities who passed from breast cancer. I wore one, as you can see in this post. One of the salons in town offered to style the pink wig for $5 (donated to breast cancer research)... I'm not sure if these ladies styled their wigs themselves or if the salon did it. Excepting the one on the far right, methinks they did it themselves!
We do not discount the plight of the English Afrikaners of South Africa and how they will be affected just as seriously and tragically as the Boervolk in a post-Mandela South Africa. As such, we include as part of the RV’s overall Post-Peak Oil secessionist mandate the inclusion of the creation of autonomous ethno-states for English Afrikaners and the Bantu. Separation of the races, total and complete, we feel is the best solution for all concerned in this tragic country.
Liam Stacey anyone? Yet again; one rule for them (people who attack the police as opposed to say, a footballer)
But I've noticed that quite a few people also participate in BEDA in August.
3. KJ Choi. He had a chance last year and has a good record at the Masters. Plus he’s playing well.
If you are, then I take it you're probably not a fan of Topps Update nowadays.
Sorry about yesterday, but I was feeling bad. I started the post over my grandmothers and then when I came home, I got worse in the matter of minutes. I just wanted to go to bed last night. Today, I was a sore and scratchy, but I got through the day. I had a little altercation today, that got a little verbal with hollering, but you know what I’m over that. I realize that what is going on isn’t healthy for me. But at the same time I am just going to focus on myself.
Makes about 16 cups of popcorn (the recipe halves well if you want a smaller batch)
I can’t wait for the movie!
Someone is trying to tell me something.
I replaced the torn paper mask covering the top of my die cut colored image with the matching bottom half of the mask. Using the lightest color first, I began airbrushing around the sporadically placed acrylic cloud mask. I started from the top of my image and moved the cloud mask closer to the ground as I moved along.
I was in mood for some fast paced action thriller and what better than Tom Clancy’s Jack Ryan series books. I became his fan after reading “Executive Orders” where Jack Ryan becomes US president. Patriot Games is chronologically the first book in this series even before “The Hunt for the Red October”. In this book the fight is against Irish terrorist group who tries to kidnap British Royals and Ryan manages to save them. Now the terrorist group is after Ryan and his family and strike against him twice in US.
We just released a draft-only batch called Engelberg Pilsener, named after Mt.Angel. It's German-style: light, dry and full of hoppy flavor. We made a simple single malt (Canadian pilsener malt) and single hop (Mt. Angel-grown tettnanger) recipe using a Munich lager yeast. The finished beer came out remarkably dry so for the second batch set to be released around the third week of July we coaxed just a bit more mouthfeel and residual sugar out of it and used a different hop variety, hallertauer mittlefruh. The beer is currently on tap in the tasting room and at a handful of bars around town. When the second batch is ready both will be on hand to taste side-by-side.
Although there are some stand out moments on the album (‘Scribble’ and ‘Always Loved A Film’), the rest of this record is as pop-tastic and shiney as the production itself which leans towards downright cheesy at times. There are good pop songs and albums released every second, Underworld’s Barking is just another one for that pile. One has to wonder also, whose record this really is; the influence of the collaborating producers can be clearly heard, where as the sound of Underworld cannot.
Green beans are an easy to grow staple in many backyard gardens. They are also sometimes known as string beans, snap beans or French beans. No matter what you call them, they are a good addition to your garden and your table. As a legume they are known to have a symbiotic relationship with nitrogen fixing bacteria that puts nitrogen back into the soil, and to be higher in protein than most other vegetables. Green beans come in bush and pole varieties. Bush beans usually grow no more than two feet tall and do not require support, while pole beans can grow over 8ft tall and require a pole or trellis for support. Often pole bean trellises form a teepee that is at least 6ft tall and 4ft in diameter with several beans planted around each leg of the teepee. Pole beans would be a perfect candidate for vertical gardening, and both bush and pole beans make good companion plants for high nitrogen users.
Kanika sculpts with clay, and Mary prefers to work with watercolors. But they share the goal of creating art inspired by the cultures of a continent they have never seen but are connected to by blood.
as though they had been yours
Funded by the National Lottery through the Big Lottery Fund, Sport 4 Life are delivering the Be Positive project, a 5 year initiative designed to improve the lives of disadvantaged young males aged 13-18 living in the inner city ward of Ladywood.
-HB
-Bones, she's able to see those yucky dead bodies now because during Halloween, she helped me make skeletons just like them
Nominated, Chlotrudis Awards 2002 – Best Cast
Trivia: As in the previous films, the type of martial arts used by Jason Bourne is a combination of Filpino Kali with Bruce Lee’s Jeet Kune Do. The character of Desh uses the same combination, as well as some moves from the Brazilian martial art of Capoeira. The scene where Bourne calls Pam Landy while looking at her from a nearby building was re-shot for the movie. The footage from The Bourne Supremacy’s ending was not used.
“This should be led by Arab governments and not forced on them,” he said, arguing “let us first build a house, and then worry about the furniture.”
Today it was announced that after our Stupidvisor (he's a class 'A' douchebag) "retires", we will be using the services of a neighboring school districts Supervisor.
A good walk this morning along the cliffs towards Kings Beach with a rambustious sea roaring in.
The Hop will run 8am EST Dec 1 til 8pm EST Dec 2. The winners will be announced on the ODBD Blog on Dec 3.
Full title: ALL RIGHT NOW feat.TAK MATSUMOTO&YUICHI‘AIK’IKUZAWA
Notes by the taper
2. Destabilization – subvertor doesn’t care about the ideas any more. What matters is essentials: economy, foreign affairs, defense installations. This takes 5-7 years. And you can see how the Marxist-Leninist influence is all over.
Dress #1
When I go into the nursing homes and daycares to perform, for music therapy or a music session I always end with Jesus Loves Me.
(sorry most of these pics are from my phone)
User The neighbour that keeps borrowing things
First and foremost, it would entitle all home care workers to the same base-level hourly rates as the vast majority of other workers in the country. This would mean, among other things, that they’d be paid for time spent traveling from one client to the next — and, of course, time-and-a-half for extra long hours.
#14 1978 Kenny Schmidt EP Austin 880 Yards 1:52.0
I imagined the jhumka designs being copied and made by the jewellers for the royal women.
Deputy Joan Burton: ￼ ￼ He should withdraw it.
Wash the summer squash, red potatoes and dry them.
Illustrated by way of: Colour Photographs; Diagrams; Plans;
Why does the child hear an angry "Listen to me when I'm talking to you!" when she tunes out, while the adult can walk around the whole store hearing "Daddy, Daddy, Daddy!!!" for ten minutes straight and never bat an eyelash?
- Disseminating that knowledge by rote memorization.
I've compiled a pretty descent list for myself to abide by for the next year and I am determined to stick by it no matter what.
This is based upon what I have given to society to date.
Income tax reduced to 10%
Blackwood is a dark, witty coming of age story that combines America's oldest mystery with a thoroughly contemporary romance.
"Many fine people were out there living, people whose consciences permitted them to sleep at night despite their not having written a decent sentence that day, or ever."
We got married in my hometown. I told her I couldn't give her much. She said it's ok 'cos I told her I'd be the first person she could always run to.
Finding quality pine mushrooms (saffron milk caps or lactarius deliciosus) is less easy. There are plenty of large older pine mushrooms, but these tend to be dry or damaged. The best eating ones are young - smaller in size and vibrant in colour.
And so the answer to that question is, I believe in faith and reason and approaching the problems of this country but understand where those rights come from, who we are as Americans and the foundational principles by which we have changed the world.
Dr. Laurence (Karloff) devises a method to switch the intangible elements that makes up a being's mind from one body to another, but snaps when he is mocked by the scientific establishment and a rich newspaper publisher (Cellier) pulls his patronage for the doctor's research. He decides to use his method for his own gain, up to and including switching bodies with the son of his former patron (Loder) so he can marry the beautiful and intelligent Dr. Clare Wyatt (Lee).
@Geevie Don't get it right. Get it written.
I found a small package tucked inside our doorway, addressed to me.
Joining members of the Bulgarian Diocese were clergy and faithful from sister OCA dioceses, other Toledo-area Orthodox parishes, monastics from Saint John of Shanghai Monastery in Manton, CA, Holy Transfiguration Monastery in Elwood City, PA, and Holy Dormition Monastery in Rives Junction, MI, together with representatives from St. Vladimir’s Orthodox Theological Seminary, including seminary Dean, Archpriest John Behr, and a number of Bishop Alexander’s former students from the USA and Canada.
Happy Tuesday my crafty friends,
Until I heard a crash from the front room.
To start off, I had a Chocolate Avocado Smoothie for breakfast. The fruits and veggies are raw, the “seasonings” are not, but it’s a heck of a lot better than a toaster pastry!
The body was kept at Victoria Hospital for postmortem, and police are waiting for his parents to fly down from Delhi. “They are expected anytime. The postmortem can be done only after that. We are waiting for the report from FSL about the car’s registration plate,” said the officer. Police are also checking images in the surveillance camera kept at the junction, for clues to the killer car. Amritanshu had started working at Electronics City just a few months ago, after being trained at the Infosys training centre in Mysore, police said.
On tuesday Caro, Joyda, Tine, Steffi and me went to a fabric store but I coudln't find a good material:( I bought nothing. Later I went with Caro, Steffi and Marene again to an art store to buy some things for the next lessons....Now I am very poorTT
worm: 1.75 "
Remember to bring your own bags, cash and a translator/pocket dictionary (if you’re not already super-fluent in German). Not for communicating with the cashier, but to translate ingredients on packages. Otherwise, your coconut curry might end up being seasoned with minced horseradish instead of minced ginger.
Every week one of our gang members name is drawn from a hat by either I or Patty and they get to pick the weekly photo theme. No rules, no big critiques......we just want to see your town through your eyes. We have quite a few countries represented.....Brasil, Japan, the Philippines, Canada, China, Auckland, Australia and loads of states in the U.S.
It has been very cold today and I have staid in the house all I could.
In the second place, however, history is made in such a way that the final result always arises from conflicts between many individual wills, of which each in turn has been made what it is by a host of particular conditions of life...
And they also listened about DRM.
Since I am tired and somewhat ornery, I have been listening mainly to sixties stuff; it seems to cheer me a bit. These are all sixties or late fifties, so I don't know how many of you out there have even heard of most of them. Try to enjoy.
Apple, for instance, was among the first tech companies to designate overseas salespeople in high-tax countries in a manner that allowed them to sell on behalf of low-tax subsidiaries on other continents, sidestepping income taxes, according to former executives. Apple was a pioneer of an accounting technique known as the “Double Irish With a Dutch Sandwich,” which reduces taxes by routing profits through Irish subsidiaries and the Netherlands and then to the Caribbean. Today, that tactic is used by hundreds of other corporations — some of which directly imitated Apple’s methods, say accountants at those companies. (Italics mine.)
1 1/2 c water
In a very weird twist of divine intervention. both of my kids were born on the day my grandmother's passed...my dad jokes that if I ever have another baby, he's going to swallow a zillion baby aspirin and wear a helmet whenever their birthday rolls around- ha!
The music is also narrative in the best sense of the word—it moves us to different points on an emotional spectrum while all the time leaving space for our own; they allow for stories without insisting on them. Another way of saying this is that Ms Keating’s music is like the river that’s changed each time you step into it. It shouldn’t be surprising, given this characteristic, that Zoë Keating has also composed several film soundtracks as well as ballets.
I can't resist another picture of the finished product. The effect on guests of cutting the cake, spooning the luscious toffee sauce over, dolloping the creme fraiche, and topping with toasted pecans is quite amazing. People are so impressed, and think you did so much more work than you actually did. Both the cake and the sauce are easy to mix up (the sauce, unlike a traditional caramel sauce, does not require taking its temperature); the creme fraiche is just taken out of its carton and whisked, and the pecans simply toasted and chopped. But when you put it all together, it looks like you're a kitchen ace. And all so good! The date-spice cake could be eaten out of hand, and the toffee sauce is amazing. The creme fraiche, along with the miraculous lemon juice, adds a little tartness, and the pecans make it perfect.
And it just might be perfect for our master bedroom.
It’s very easy for some people to de-humanise the person on a message board and speak to them in a way they would never dream of doing in real life.
Since becoming a vegan I've made objects resembling pizzas with homemade pesto, tomatoes, pretend cheese, more basil and olive oil.
When I spoke to Callick on the phone a few days after his article on Brothers who tamed the Tigers appeared in print, I discovered that he had immediately received a spate of phone calls and emails from the Sri Lankan Tamil lobby in Australian, including one from Damien Kingsbury, a Deakin University lecturer. They challenged several of his interpretations, sometimes in measured tones and sometimes in offensive manner (for instance, when they intimated that he was in the pay of the Sri Lankan government). This reminds me of the unverified grapevine information about Stewart Bell of the National Post in Canada drawing accusations to the effect that he was on the Sri Lankan government’s payroll.
While a preliminary clinical trial demonstrated a 22.5% six-month cessation rate among unmotivated smokers who used electronic cigarettes to try to quit, why take a risk that the true quit rate among highly motivated smokers is lower than that? Why not stick with the reliable and well-documented 8% long-term quit rate that has been demonstrated with the use of approved nicotine replacement therapy? And if you are one of the many electronic cigarette users who tried those products specifically because you failed with NRT, all we can say is: try and try again. Why take a risk on an unknown when you can use a product that has a very high known failure rate?"
Did Not Finish which Trumps
Released: 1985
After an hour a soft voice breaks the silence .
"I don't know," came his well thought out answer.
In other knitting news, my honourary niece asked her Mommy to knit her some legwarmers - however, her mommy hates knitting two of anything, so I stepped up to the plate and offered to be her pinch knitter.
#3 The 50 wealthiest members of Congress saw their collective fortunes increase by 85.1 million dollars to $1.4 billion in 2009.
Burnt the fire of thine eyes?
The Boer people & culture therefore did not develop in Europe then suddenly transplant itself later in the Cape as the Boers developed in Africa & are a combination of many diverse origins. While most of their ancestors did in fact arrive from Europe: it is important to remember that they did not come as Colonists on behalf of a European power but in fact as servants of the Dutch East India Co. Later many were let go & became free citizens in an attempt by the VOC to cut costs. When about 300 French Huguenots arrived in the Cape as refugees -escaping religious persecution in France- from 1671 until 1707 (one family as late as 1726): the basis of the Boer nation was formed as these French Huguenot refugees viewed Africa as their new home & shaped the emerging Afrikaans language. Numerous other German Protestants also came as political & religious refugees as well. The basis of the Boer people / nation therefore was the amalgamation of the Dutch & Frisian settlers with the French Huguenot refugees & German Protestant refugees.
I was anticipating something better tomorrow.
Lissa, Princess of Horvald, loved and lost her slave in chains ten long years ago. Then she was spoiled and selfish, thinking she could bend a warrior of Catiscal to her will. But time and adversity has changed her into a leader, prepared to give herself to the Warlord Death in order to save her people.
That was my moment.
Asma arrived late in the evening. Tara was in the lobby gazing at the intricate design on the walls when she saw her walk in, elegant, graceful and extremely attractive in her simplicity. Completely unfazed by the turbulence her latest book had caused. Her life was drenched with rumors, hoaxes and that’s what made her real. Asma was a strong woman and the only one who had mastered the art of writing crime noir, cult fiction and her bold take on sexuality always kept her in headlines. Beneath Asma’s sensuous exterior burned a fire that flowed like molten lava in her works. She led a bizarre life. Lived on her terms and strongly voiced her thoughts about social evils that were eating the very foundation of humanity. You could draw life from her words. Awed by her presence Tara watched her till she vanished in the dimly lit corridor. She took a deep breath to calm her unruly heart.
In March, we launched a story writing competition. The competition was open to children aged 7-11 in the Coventry area who are currently working with us.
Here are pictures of Carol's demo on Friday.
The second case was a man in a second marriage who had made all the usual mistakes the first time around but, unlike most husbands, managed to learn from the experience. As soon as his second wife started talking about a vague “unhappiness,” he inferred that she had met another man. He put down in writing clear conditions for remaining married to her and refused to agree to any separation, knowing it would only be a prelude to divorce. Insisting she break off her extramarital affair at once, he wrote: “I will not allow my spirit to deteriorate because of your indecision.” Rather than attempting to remove all possible grounds for his wife’s discontent, he simply told her: “complaining is no longer acceptable. If you want me to do or not do something, you must tell me what it is. I do not expect you to read my mind and I will no longer try to read yours.” This worked.
Out of curiosity, what's your genre? Did you ever change? Doubted you wrote in the right genre?
I am also exhausted as we came off of hosting guests at our home each night during the Centro Victoria Pachanga. Then I was up late finishing papers for the afore-mentioned classes. There have also been some changes at work that have created additional work. I should sleep well tonight. It's been a good semester.
Pascale and I knew each other a little, I had met Lian a couple of times, Kaiyu was an entirely new acquaintance. He was the one who came out to Pudong Airport for C and I in a taxi when no-one else was around. We talked hesitatingly at first, he uncertain of his English, I uncertain how much he understood or wanted to speak. He sat in the front of the taxi, we were at the back. But I immediately warmed to him: something about his manner, quiet, reticent, but genuine. He took us to the hotel then, once we had settled in came to take us out to an artist friend's studio.
Anne R. Allen
What I actually meant was “Buck, buck Chicken go buck buck” though the former actually makes more sense – I was very angry they were pecking my precious boots. Come to think of it this may also be where my shoe fetish began… (story for another time perhaps).
Sissy has been shedding an unbelievable amount of fur this summer. I guess 70+ days of triple digits will take a toll. She got a thorough combing with the Furrminator this afternoon. Now there is a pile of hair on the bedroom floor I need to go vacuum up. Her hair is so weightless and downy-soft it just seems to drift in the air.
The archbishop was speaking to an audience of seminarians and benefactors of the Pontifical College Josephinum at its annual rector’s dinner April 23. He called on the American Church to go beyond its mission of evangelizing the United States and “to be missionaries not only to the Third World, but especially to the countries of Europe.
I have this thing about odd socks. I'm so sure that eventually the mate will show up that I've spent the last 30 years holding onto every lonely only that came out of the dryer. Once every couple of months I dump them all out and try to match them up. The result is discouraging to say the least.
Discuss!!
You may well ask: what on earth am I doing worrying about legislation being passed on the other side of the Atlantic? (ETA: especially considering how far behind we are in Ireland e.g. abortion isn’t legal Ireland except in extreme circumstances – good point, R!)
The Watts Prophets were a group of poets and musicians based in Watts, Los Angeles in the late 1960s. Much like their beatnik contemporaries they combined poetry and jazz music to create the incredible soundtrack to a cultural revolution, the main thing that separated the Watts Prophets from the Greenwich Village and Venice West beats was that they were heavily political and their strong militant beliefs were never held back, remaining at the forefront of their work much like their often-compared contemporaries The Lost Poets. Combine this lyrical content, staggering razor tongued and rapid-fire spoken word with their musical ability.. it provided the perfect soundtrack to the burgeoning civil rights movement and is still relevant and revelatory to this day.
I flick through the diary and the pages
5/16 – bottled 48 - 12 oz. bottles and 1 330ml bottle.
In addition to visit the University of St. Andrews, getting ice cream and walking along the coast and visiting the ruined cathedral, we also climbed up to the top of St. Rule (an old part of the ruined cathedral) for some fabulous views around St. Andrews!
Of course there's a demand for such units. The question is whether there would be less demand market-rate rental units, which would rent for $45/sf (or $2677/month for 714 sf, as FCR once projected) in 2011.
In the crackling ruin of that night
At the ready: Other police stood in riot gear to protect a Chase bank
Another track on the album, "Big Stripey Lie", is the kind of
My own can’t stop talking. That was the scariest thing I’ve ever seen! Do you think the car exploded? I hope everyone is okay.
Douglas Fairbanks Jnr The Prisoner of Zenda
Here we go. By the way, I am back baby, getting that fire back in my belly – and that may not be a good thing today.
She rhythmically knocked down the cobwebs, and
“God, of course!”
Doubtless many of you would have read their blogs, but there's so much more to a person than what they post, and hopefully this little project sheds just a bit more light on them.
I got to thinking more about it after reading some essays in Barely A Blog by columnist and author Ilana Mercer whose coverage over the years has been described in glowing superlatives by a host of erudite critics.
too hard to trust people
From today until 26th August, 2012, the exhibition La Triennale - curated by Okwui Enwezor- will be on show, bringing together works from several French and International artists (including Annette Messager, Chris Ofili and Thomas Struth) around the theme of Intense Proximity, the exhibition's sub-heading, demonstrating creativity in the context of a diverse and globalised France.
I'm trying to slow down this year and focus on one room at a time, starting with my living room. I've been making a lot of tweaks to it lately, but I can't seem to get it right (it doesn't help that I hate our couch and Adam has vetoed replacing it for now). Thank goodness for Pinterest. I looked back at the inspiration for my colour palatte and compared it to my room. The rug needed to go.
9- A little trick I learned for appliqueing on stretchy fabric, such as a onesie, is to stick a piece of paper underneath the onesie. When you do this the machine grabs onto the paper instead of the stretchy fabric. This helps to avoid any puckers in the fabric and makes it a lot easier!
“Ask how they succeeded in the past,” Joel continued, “What did they do? How did they feel?”
The Verdict: Reading this book wasn’t an easy experience for the subject matters, but also because I found the structure/pacing/unfolding chain of events unfortunately uneven as well. I enjoyed the premise, but the execution, the imbalanced two person narrations and the abrupt ending took away from what could have been a brilliant novel. I was drawn to many elements of this novel, like the exploration of the Model Minority Myth here, and it’s good to see a novel with inter-POC romance and POC characters with a disability as well. The scarcity of inter-POC romance and disabled POC characters in YA fiction (and I suspect across all genres/age categories) is disappointing enough to make these aspects of Wait for Me to stand out. There are all types of people from all walks of life interacting with each other: the fact that these books are rarely told sends a sublime signal that their stories don’t matter/aren’t worth telling, and that is wrong. We should, and can do better. I also suspect I would have had fewer problems with Suna and her characterization as childish if only we had a variety of differently abled characters presented in Fiction, but this prevalence of infantilizing disabled characters rubs me in all the wrong places and the fact that Suna fits and continues this trend is disheartening. Not my favourite of reads, but as I said in the beginning, above all else this novel haunted me, the scenes between Mina and Jonathon arrested me, and despite my scruples, I definitely will remember the name of this novel long into the future.
The men have been admitted to a local government hospital.
Hers are the limbs that crush you.
I realized then I never experienced any fear or had the thought that the pain was unbearable, it all felt so...natural.
Min Green and Ed Slaterton are breaking up, so Min is writing Ed a letter and giving him a box. Inside the box is why they broke up. Two bottle caps, a movie ticket, a folded note, a box of matches, a protractor, books, a toy truck, a pair of ugly earrings, a comb from a motel room, and every other item collected over the course of a giddy, intimate, heartbreaking relationship. Item after item is illustrated and accounted for, and then the box, like a girlfriend, will be dumped.
There’s nothing to worry about,
Enter only the URL of the recipe and not your name
PS I had a post started about how wonderful the Scottish is and how happy I am to be engaged! All still true, but life is funny sometimes. I guess that one will have to wait!
Then on Monday last week three men were burnt to death with tyres at Enkanini informal settlement. Only one man, Ncedile Gigi, was identified.
solid
Love, the charms of which form the whole life of some European peoples, is not understood in the United States.
4:00pm: Who's Your Daddy? A Mai Tai Paternity Test. Jeff Berry, the most passionate and dedicated Tiki drink historian around, finally answered the question of who invented the Mai Tai. We listened to "testimony" about Harry Owens, Trader Vic and Don the Beachcomber while sipping on various Mai Tai recipes. There weren't any objections and the court most certainly was not in order but the slide show was full of vintage recipes, vessels, bars and island girls.
The counter-genocide on the Hutu in the Congo by Rwandan troops that spearheaded Laurent Kabila’s rebel troops spread and entrenched this madness, which, according to this report, has even contaminated the Pygmies, who used to be ranked by anthropologists as belonging to the category of “peaceful communities”: “Even the pygmies (or Mbuti tribe), long known for their relatively peaceful demeanor and pacific philosophies, have been drawn into the violence. Their once seemingly idyllic life in the Ituri forests (…) has been slowly transformed at least partly by their painful absorption into more urban settings, and marked by abuse, exploitation, and profound ethnic discrimination. The team discovered that under the cloak of war-induced chaos in North Katanga and other areas, Pygmy men have finally begun to fight back, and are said to be responsible for raping and pillaging Bantu villages-- allegedly with the encouragement of Rwandans - in retaliation for decades of abuse.”
Either way, you have won! If he doesn’t write to you again, you can continue the conversation later at your convenience as he was the last one to text you. You can still text him without being a double texter. If you take the course of action of simply writing back “haha” (or equivalent), then DO NOT double text if he doesn’t reply. Don’t be afraid to send a no-response-needed text. A lot of people try to ask 50 questions when text-flirting. While it is nice to try and keep the conversation flowing, if you end EVERY text with a question it can come across like you are trying too hard.
Triple asterisks identify items reprinted in one of the author’s books (see Part B, above).
Learn nothing. Move on. Be all shocked when shit happens just like last time.
A few years ago, Ginger introduced me to the book "Way of the Peaceful Warrior" by Dan Millman. I was resistant at first; it looked a bit too much like a self-help book for my tastes. But eventually I relented, and as the words lead to images, and the images lead to feelings, and the feelings lead to thoughts and questions, I began to feel myself grow in a variety of subtle ways. One of the things I came to appreciate after reading "Peaceful Warrior" was the sheer amount of amazing things I encountered every day, but was simply missing - things like the sound of the breeze as it creaks through an old tree, or the way one room in your house smells differently than another, or the way that people's eyes sometimes don't match the words they are saying. I was missing some of the rich details of life, the sights, sounds and feelings of the world that we are sometimes too busy to pay attention to. And so I began to be more conscious of these details, and to allow them to invade my senses and affect me, teach me, comfort me, and challenge me.
Thursday last, the wife and I attended a spaghetti dinner held for the benefit of a Haitian school being rebuilt after that horrible earthquake. That school, for the last 17 years has been supported by The Haiti-Laurentides Committee of l’École Secondaire Augustin-Norbert-Morin, in Ste-Adèle, about 60 kilometers North-West of Montreal in the Laurentian mountains.
Whatever drawbacks attended the immigrants arose not from the law or from public policy or from administration, but from those personal circumstances and accidents which cause, and always will cause, the fortunes and experience of one man to be different from another's.
Anyone out there diabetic and either preggo now or had a baby???? I could use some positive thoughts right now. Until then, I go at 1:40pm. Prayers would be appreciated. Thanks
Targeted strikes conform to the principle of distinction—the idea that only military objectives may be intentionally targeted and that civilians are protected from being intentionally targeted. With the unprecedented ability of remotely piloted aircraft to precisely target a military objective while minimizing collateral damage, one could argue that never before has there been a weapon that allows us to distinguish more effectively between an al-Qa’ida terrorist and innocent civilians.
Nor does it have anything to do with the way you disrespect my fellow Americans and hide behind statements made by your minions.
Her phone rings and it’s Joon calling. He demands to see her after work. She politely tries to tell him that she’s busy tonight but he insists that she stop by. Mi Roo publicly lets out her frustration about Lee Joon always getting his way.
The most used nickname for Paris is "Paname", which comes from Panama of the canal and hat fame. Originally, at the beginning of the twentieth century, it was slang but nowadays, it's kind of hip to refer to Paris as "Paname". You hear it a lot in French songs (for example, tunes by French singer Renaud).
The pacing is slow, especially in the first half, with long scenes of girls walking, playing, swimming. Our desire for knowledge is strong: we want to know what this place is, what's beyond its apparently impregnable walls, how people get to it, what the mysterious headmistress wants, etc. -- in short, we want to know what's going on and how and why what's what. We are like Iris: confused and curious. But Iris quickly accepts that this is just the way things are, and she soon accepts the basic conditions and precepts of the school as given. She is attracted to the actions of some of the more rebellious girls, but she is more frightened of the threats of punishment than they are (and threats they remain; we see very little actual punishment in the film, which again seems to mimic a certain type of childhood experience and anxiety). The world is inscrutable, but that doesn't mean you can't still have fun playing games. Indeed, the less you try to figure the inscrutable world out, the more fun you'll have.
Scorpio Full Moon May 5-6 brings everything that has been hidden to the surface to be healed. It is a supermoon so will seem bigger as it is closer to the Earth and this also exaggerates its effects. It encourages emotional truth and asks us questions about power and how we get it, use it or give it away and how we can move into alignment with our authentic self so we can stand in a new kind of power that emerges from within and is centred in love. Those with a Scorpio moon (that’s me) may have powerful psychic experiences or feel a deep clearing of old wounds or stored energy that will allow for greater freedom and lightness. Be gentle and compassionate with yourself at this time.
Melody T
FLPEA Blog (flpeablog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
The white rabbit.
President Romney and a Republican Congress (Democrats took over in 2007, when the numbers were the lowest on the above graph, and the numbers went up after that) might not be able to return our nation back to where it used to be- but we know for a fact that Obama and the Democrats can't do that and can at best borrow and spend trillions of dollars just to keep our nation with high unemployment and underemployment.
I was perusing some open blogs the other day and came across this newby! She seems to be just starting out, with just her name and one post as to why she is starting the blog. The why intrigued me; she wants to focus a blog only on the good in life, no matter how small; but more so the name: Demanding Euphoria. So I thought about it for days. I thought about what demanding euphoria in life meant to me. Then last night I went on Google to see if I could find her blog again.
Was there an explosion? She squinted out a kitchen window at the rocky horizon. That could explain the smoke we saw yesterday. “Do you know where the Serdyukov wing is, Roman?”
Heat the oil in a wok or large skillet over medium heat. Add in chicken and cook for 5 minutes then add in garlic. Once chicken is cooked through and garlic is turning golden, add in the snow peas, soy sauce, balsamic vinegar, sesame oil, ginger, red pepper flakes, and salt and pepper to taste. You may need to adjust your seasonings depending on the size of your chicken breasts. Taste as you go. Makes 4 servings.
unsure of everything
Happy Birthday to You
I am quite certain that this is the most heavenly quiche I have ever tasted. It might be the farm fresh spinach and onions or the wonderful fontina cheese or maybe it was the incredibly flaky homemade crust. Whatever the reason, each slice of this spinach quiche was absolutely like a slice of heaven with the most perfect consistency.
But, what really borders on criminal fraud, is that the movie isn’t in high-definition at all. Nope, instead of 1080p or 1080i, the feature presentation is 720p! Standard definition!
Hoping you’d tell me how you love the morning sun
My parents killed what ever amount of girl was left in me, so now I’m transgender.
Hey everyone! It's been snowing here in the Pacific Northwest for the last day and a half. Which means that I've had time to play in the studio!
i have to admit that, until recently, i harbored a true hatred for all things sweet potato. this stems from my dislike for certain textures in foods.
Sara is her name.
Some scenes seem to make a lot of sense when you create them, and then make no sense at all when you write them.
This is another Edgar winner that has stood the test of time. Unlike some of the earlier Edgar winners I read, I didn’t feel like I was stepping back in time. This story could take place today as easily as in the 1980s. If you enjoy mysteries about the why instead of the who, I would definitely recommend The Suspect.
She played The Inquisitor in the 14-part, 4 story The Trial of a Time Lord (1986) and the Big Finish Productions audio series, Gallifrey.
My brother's family left early....
Overall the day is well spent and I feel all relaxed,un-winded and fresh. And now I am waiting to welcome my Husband ,when he comes back from work with a big bright smile on my face.
What is your favorite color and why? I LOVE orange and green the most......but really I love all colors.
Anyway, isn’t that cover gorgeous??? Like holy wind chimes gorgeous??? I’m still working on my signature phrase. Did you see that?? I added a picture and linked to my blog all in one post!! I’m totally getting the hang of this blogging thing.
I live by CSUN (California State University, Northridge). I discovered two weeks ago that I could, due to what looks like a long term jimmyrig, access the University track. Score! So, last night I parked a good distance away (as close as I could get without needing a permit), and headed over to the track.
Where the dogs go on with their doggy life and the torturer’s horse
This is the Creative Age. Did you know that? I did not make that up.
AdriN2001: hahah
9.) Do you have an idol? If yes, who and why?
The CFZ will be running an ongoing appeal to help Dipu and the children, as well as a similar appeal for the widow of Sahar Dimus, our Sumatran guide. You will be able to donate via the website.
As with the work we did on Aristotle it may be helpful for you to summarise each section of the reading as you complete it. Expect to re-read and revisit Nietzsche’s writing. Clarity of understanding will be very challenging to achieve from a single reading.
Indicated for young children who want to do their own brushing but do not have the muscle development for techniques which require more co-ordinations
Each person is going to be making two each of these five fabulous cards!
Need I remind you, not so long ago, there wasn’t a championship game matching up the no. 1 and no. 2 ranked teams (In the 56 years before the BCS, the nation’s top two teams met in a bowl game eight times). Often, a no. 1 or 2 ranked team just had to beat a team ranked somewhere between no. 5-10 in their bowl game to be crowned national champion. For all the negativity the BCS gets, it has done a better job in crowning a consensus national champ than the system before (i.e. Georgia Tech claiming a portion of the National Championship in 1990 after winning the… Citrus Bowl?). Yes, I like to pick on Georgia Tech.
For far, it has been the entertainment side which has been progressing most smoothly, and I’m proud to say we’ll be screening the Reggae classic The Harder They Come this Saturday afternoon Upstairs at the Ritzy. However, following a recent meeting with Age UK Kensington and Chelsea it looks like Roots of Reggae will have an opportunity to support an exciting new social project. Allow me to explain…
Yesterday I arose determined (like what I did there? I arose--all wordy and shit) to get my moon. I waited impatiently all day. Pacing. Gnashing my teeth. Growling at pictures coming across my facebook feed from all over the freaking world with pictures of MY super moon. Mine, dammitalltohell. Mine! I waited. I kept checking my moon site. I paced. I muttered. I rose my fist to the heavens as storms raged around us (not over us, but around us to the south, to the east) and as cloud cover threatened to frak my super moon night up.
This woman was aware of my agony. One morning, she called me into the living room, and she said, “Olive, I aint s‘posed to tell you this, but you’re s’posed to be goin’ to a reform school. It’s a real bad place, and I can tell you aint a bad person. I’d hate to see you end up there. So I’m gonna show you the best way to git outta here, and I’m gonna wait twenty-four hours before I report you missin’. So you need to run as far as you kin.” She asked me to walk with her to the front steps. She pointed to the dirt road and said, “This road is about three miles long, then you’ll be at the main road, and that’ll take you to Charlotte.”
I wonder.....how have we survived losing him?
In two weeks time, the weekend of December 4th and 5th (from 11am to 5pm) sees the artists of Hebden Bridge throw open the doors of their studios to the general public.
seems to stand still. It's the perfect place to start a Sunday with a lemonade with fresh mint, to take a coffee break during the week days or to unwind over a glass of wine with your friends in the evening, when the atmosphere becomes lively.
I would love it if you stood with us."
For the past several days of Vacation Bible School, the children were encouraged to bring their parents, grandparents and friends to this Sunday service. Today, they would parade into the sanctuary, assemble in front of the altar and perform songs in culmination of all they had learned during the week.
After a long year of not releasing the Air Jordan 1, Jordan Brand has decided to rerelease the 1s in several different colour ways for the Olympics. Here you can see a Gold Medal inspired colour way that will also be available in the Air Jordan VI and VII pack. You can also notice a black based pair containing all the flags participating in this years summer olympics.
3.) Rinse the salt off eggplants and take them over to the bread crumbs. For each slice, pat dry with a kitchen towel, brush with oil, and dip both sides in bread crumbs. Layer on cookie sheet and when they are all dipped, place both in oven and cook until golden brown and crispy. While they cook (about 15-20 minutes), turn off heat under sauce, and if desired, blend with an immersion blender. Taste and adjust spices, then set aside for later use.
2-7 Blackout
He was tolerated and - by the ladies - much admired. For many years, he reigned supreme. He raised huge sums of money for charity, ran the entertainment flawlessly and generally appeared at all times gorgeously and richly attired.
The events of this past weekend have touched, moved and shocked all of us. It provides us with a reminder of just how fragile life is. I would like to extend my condolences to all who have suffered as a result of these events and would like them all that they are in the hearts and prays of us all.
Pro 4:20,21,22 My son, attend to my words; incline your ear to my sayings. Do not let them depart from your eyes; keep them in the midst of your heart, for they are life to those who find them, and health to all their flesh.
Breastfeeding may not be for every mom, but I would encourage all moms who are able to at least consider it and try it. I would also suggest someone make all of us aware of local support groups. I do have fears about breastfeeding--will I be able to do it; will she latch on; can I produce enough milk; what will this do to my breasts; what will this do to my sex life; can I manage this when I go back to work. It would be great to have other moms I could connect with virtually and in real life to share these concerns, hear their solutions and gain and provide the extra support that might make the decision to breast feed a little easier for me or someone else.
(my first time ever with a wilton color product and feels so good to say that).....
Oh holy hell, only one more day to go…I just have to make it through tomorrow, and it’s over…
Hardly the name of a restaurant that you might imagine being associated with “fine food,” is it? Well, it is — good ole home cooking – and that’s probably what the owners were going for when they opened up their first location here in South Carolina. My granddaughter, Emory, is here this weekend and this is where we had dinner last night.
Blue and brown ocean in front of me,
Welcome to JustRite Stampers’ newest Wednesday feature, 12 Weeks of Christmas Blog Hops #2! Every Wednesday up until Thanksgiving some of your favorite designers will be joining some of the JustRite design team for a series of Christmas blog hops, showcasing JustRite’s entire Christmas Collection of stamps! This week, it’s the Stamper’s Dream design team! So mark your calendars for Wednesdays at 9am Central for great Christmas gift, card & project ideas, starting at the JustRite Inspiration blog!
My mom lovingly gave me a large part of the money for the new camera for my birthday, and I subsidized it with some of the money I made at Tedda's show in September. I think I will name the body of the camera Bunny, after my mom. That seems very appropriate and special. She has told me that she would like to give me some money from my grandmother's account to pay for a lens or two. So I will call the lenses Helens or Little Helens.
Nov 16 – Tremont Music Hall – Charlotte, NC (W/Cobra Starship)
Leaving Puddles
It had a very powerful, instant whisky nose. Pungent malt whisky that dissipates enough to reveal a sourish, slightly dry but well rounded Lambic.
We decided to head back up to launch in hopes of catching a smooth glass-off flight, and arrived to watch Herminio swooping launch repetitively in fat, laminar air. Game on! We got about an hour of soaring in until sunset - Jim waited in the landing zone with his headlights on since it was getting fairly dark as the last of us touched back down to earth.
It really is interesting for me to see how my designs and style have changed over the years. And it's fun to see the changes in my kids. Although I don't do children's accessories anymore, both my kids have modeled for me in the past. I had a funky and bright, long retro-style vest that my daughter first modeled for me when she was 9!
Its never good to hear about potential job losses, outsourcing or changes to working practices, but we’ve had two instances of that with British Airways over the past few days. The first is the purchase of BMI by British Airways and the potential loss of 1,200 jobs but there are also changes afoot at London Gatwick with 120 check-in and customer service staff being made redundanct and 400 other ground staff being transferred to a sub-contractor.
This month, we are all making blueberry muffins. It doesn't get any better than that, does it? Who can turn down a fresh blueberry muffin? Not me, that is for sure. With the help of Pinterest and Google Image search, I found several recipes that I wanted to try. In the end, I let J decide. He picked The Best Blueberry Muffins from See Brooke Cook's blog. I not only loved the muffins, but I love her whole blog. Check it out.
Who was the man who helped to clear Five Points from the landscape forever, and what famous park designer is associated with its replacement in the streets of downtown Manhattan?
Emails from/to: Phil Jones, director of CRU, to original hockey stick authors (Michael Mann, Raymond Bradley and Malcom Hughes)…and others
Crater-face reached under his desk, smiling. We both heard a button click. "Let me show you something..."
“Tell 'em to come in,” said the voice from the room.
Now the view is a lush mass of foliage in many hues, a layering of bronze and bright green through to the deeper forest greens, the garden held in suspension as it awaits the scarlet poppies, peonies and yellow flag iris which provide contrast to the bluebells and aquilegia scattering the banks. Will I ever put the hose pipe away instead of making it the focal point?!!.
CrossFit Assault Stuttgart will be hosting Fight Gone Bad 6. Come out and support the cause and get down on some gooooooood grub. Check-in will start at 9:00. Please join us in making this the largest Fight Gone Bad event in Germany!
Or at least they'd like, every now and then, for writers to act as though they're on one.
I’m also out of my spaghetti with clam sauce (and kale, peas and shrimp) leftovers, so that’s new opportunities to eat better.
1 1/2 cups semi sweet chocolate chips
Inspector-General of Police Tan Sri Musa Hassan confirmed there was a laceration on Teoh’s wrist.
He then proceeded to ask me out for dinner. When I reminded him that we lived in two different states he quickly explained that he flies to Atlanta for business once or twice a month. Again, perhaps I should have run for the hills, but I was intrigued by his honesty and sincerity. Before we ended our conversation, I had to ask…
The truth is, my life is less busy now than it was when my three boys were also playing sports. Yet, I did lots of writing during those years. I don't have less time now, I'm not using it as wisely. They say the first step to recovery is knowing you have a problem. So where has my time gone?
There’s way too much emphasis placed on ensuring beer ads feature the type of “regular blokes” that “regular blokes” can identify with. This casting by numbers results in a kind of uniform blandness where everyone in the ad looks the same and lacks character of any kind as a consequence (Take a look at the drinkers in the recent campaigns for Carlsberg, Fosters, Coors, Strongbow for example. They’re all interchangeable).
Camilla is beginning her first tour of duty as a crew leader and is expecting a routine three months on the GT Donald Ademu, a gravity tractor ship assigned to change the trajectory of an asteroid. An unexpected development jeopardizes the lives of her and her crew as well as many other people. Camilla and the two others on-board race to find a solution in "Gravity's Pull." I plan to post several blog entries in upcoming weeks talking in more detail about the ePublishing process. For now, I just wanted to share the news that the story is out there to be read and also share the cover art that I developed for the book.
The prize giving also incorporated the Lancs County Champs and again the medals were bouncing Bowlands way
And the preference for "the devil they know" has led to conservatives being caricaturized as wanting NO change when in fact all that they insist on is CAREFUL change. From Cromwell on, conservatives have never been characterized by a rejection of change for its own sake. When a regime is clearly oppressive or an experiment has clearly failed (such as State ownership of industry) conservatives find no difficulty in abandoning it and changing to something else.
Honeyboy Edwards is ninety-four years old. It would be easy to list all the changes this country has gone through since 1915, from race relations to technological advances, and marvel at what David has witnessed, like a real life Forest Gump. But that’s not what makes Honeyboy Edwards special to me.
For now we travel and then we race. This is why I love being an athlete. Plan, prepare, compete and review. Next stop Sydney then Christmas and from there time will feel like it is speeding up.
Having had the hill to myself for the first half of the run it came as a surprise to suddenly find myself in populated areas and had to weave in and out of crowds of panting walkers making their Easter pilgrimage to the summit of Pendle as I descended the built stone path but I passed the wall corner in under the hour and started on the drag up the “long incline”. Amazingly, I managed to run two-thirds of this before the thought of the “ski sunday” climb, still to come, made me desist and drop to a walk. Quite painlessly, I topped the climb and did the short descent to the Deep Clough Spring CP.
I was working with a therapist on childhood hunger stuff—how I was more or less abandoned by both parents—and had come to trust her enough to bring up some conflict about spiritual issues, with the main theme being that I have a hard time holding to what I see, while I am really happy only when I do. There’s something about seeing at the core of things for me, and the difficulty has been that what I see is often unconventional (or unpopular or unacceptable).
I hope you like the area, the photos might not do it justice because of the rain. But we are definately the envy of the allotment site, there are already whispers from old hands about the allotment of the year destination, but I won't hold my breath! It definately looked superb in that scorching week in late July, I mean MARCH!
`(B) theft or misappropriation of private or government information, intellectual property, or personally identifiable information.
Also, wasn't the onus really on Yildirim to consider the potential effect on his life and that of his "partner" before he raped a schoolgirl? I don't really see any reason to feel sorry for him.
This may be normal behaviour in many cinemas, but the people sitting near us heaved a collective sigh of relief as Chatty Cathy and her friend left. Gate people behave well and pay attention to the screen.
Goodmorning and welcome to our next Challenge here. From today we will write our blog in Dutch and in English because there are people that are following our blog but do not understand the English. We will also write the rules in Dutch but that will take a while, but it will be changed as soon as possible.
“We used to hear stories about people who went into the woods but never came out. Scared the hell out of us.”
These yummy slices actually makes an excellent treat for tea or even after lunch/dinner. Whats more, it is actually good for you. *Grins* I added some melted dark chocolate on top after baking to add some bitter sweet taste but it is nice by itself with the sweetness of the dates (milk chocolate can be used instead of dark chocolate for those who dont like the bitter sweet taste).
I believe when we trust by faith in God’s plan for our lives, He custom designs circumstances to help us develop the character and attributes we need to be successful in achieving our dreams. (not psycho-babble or positive thinking)
Mash sugar with eggs, add milk, and cook until on the stove until the mixture almost comes to boil, mixing all the time. Remove from heat and cool the mixture down. Whip butter until white, and while whipping, add cooled milk mixture to the butter. Add vanilla or liqueur to the cream.
The seminar is free and open to all. We hope to engage a range of speakers from interdisciplinary backgrounds in debate over theoretical conceptualizations of citizenship (Panel One) as well as case studies of the forms of and provisions for modes of citizenship in dynamically changing societies (Panel Two). The discussions will be chaired by Dr Stathis Kouvelakis and Dr Nagore Calvo of King’s College London.
Mitsumune, who participated in the filming in Tokyo, Osaka, and Tokushima in mid-April, commented, “After I started living by myself, I first realized the importance and value of my parents. Through this movie, I hope that people will come to realize the importance of their family.”
Despite all my bitches, gripes and complaints, I'm well aware that there's a lot of earning of the green that goes along with the wearing of the green. So it looks like I'll once again have to "Er-Grin 'n' Go Bear-it" as I look forward to the pot o' gold at the end o' me rainbow--the long, messy rainbow that it is.
A vast sighing swell that dips and lifts and breathes.
Because our minds build their own reality that is based on the physical one, but transcends the mere physical to connect us to the spirit of the world.
3: SHIRLEY & LEE - I'll Do It
Jennifer obviously did well, with Graham saying that it wasn’t in the top, but it was far from the bottom. Christian’s catfish crust was “perfection”, according to Gordon, and Guiseppe gets a thumbs up in spite of having been worried about cooking southern food. Derrick, though, in spite of testing various fry methods on his fish, wound up with a coating on the fish that was heavy and falling off, and a slaw that Graham called “horrible”. Gordon said the coating on the catfish was like skin. What’s with the skin thing? I’m still not over Max’s skin flap cake.
Authors: Debby Mayne and Trish Perry
I am absolutely all about interactivity, and to that extent I always try to continue the conversation after someone leaves a comment in my comments sections.
I loved this quote for a couple of reasons, one because of my past experience and the other because of my daughter’s recent experience.
It's even better when that other writer is your daughter.
For the past three decades, the U.S. government has been providing a handful of patients with some of the highest grade marijuana around. The program grew out of a 1976 court settlement that created the country’s first legal pot smoker, reports the Associated Press. Advocates for legalizing marijuana or treating it as a medicine say the program is a contradiction in the 40-year “war on drugs” – maintaining the federal ban on pot while at the same time supplying it.
Missing from this list is Singapore which has no events pending or, at least, none known to me. Singapore is perhaps the most exciting of these jurisdictions, with new rule developments this year in addition to the opening of access and investment by foreign law firms (and barristers) and a constant stream of initiatives on subjects like data protection.
My Suburban, Backyard, Food Revolution...Sort Of
The weather turns warm and sunny. The sap rises. I want something different, something clean and fresh, something other than big chunky beers. Magically, a selection of beers from Camden Brewery, and a mini-cask of Sharp's Spring Cask Pilsner arrive at my desk, as though the beery gods have sensed a change in my mood, and can tell that I need placating a bit sharpish, matey.
I’ve been pondering the distinct and noticeable alteration in the pub landscape away from drinkers pubs (wet led is I believe the technical term) and dining pubs (I’m not sure whether these are dry led? Are they? Comments below. I must say I don’t much like the idea of dry food. It sounds over cooked).
“There is a lot of over-enthusiasm by governments to push global warming, which makes me very suspicious.” Less than five per cent of our energy comes from renewable sources but the “disproportionate” cost of implementing green technology runs into many millions of pounds, he said.
Place sugar in your TM bowl and process for 9-10 seconds on speed 9. Add in butter (cubed) and cream them together for about 30 seconds on speed 3 or 4. Now if it needs a bit longer just give it another 10-20 seconds because the softness of your butter will affect how long it takes to cream together. Scrape down the sides of your bowl and add in the condensed milk (yum, yum) and flour. Now process for about 40 seconds on speed 3. You can take off your lid to see that it's coming together nicely. Now you want a nice soft dough but if you think your dough is just too soft just add another 1/4 cup flour (or even 1/2 cup if you need it). My first batch was too soft so I added a bit more.
My favorite time of the year for birding, Spring, is here. This means that any time that I am not at work or sleeping, I am usually out looking for new bird arrivals. After an above normal temperature winter, spring has started off cooler than usual.
In about 20 minutes the bike was ready and I went for a test ride. The first thing I noticed is how much light the bike felt without all the gear changing paraphernalia. Whilst riding it also felt lighter and nimbler and more responsive, a bit quicker off the line and bit more ‘chuckable’ through traffic. There certainly seemed to be less effort lost in the drive line, and that makes a certain amount of sense because the chain doesn’t wind serpentinely around the shifter arm jockey wheels.
There will be a ray of sunshine in my life...
Again, this speech was not a back room deal; many of the guests would have followed the father out of the house and would have heard the son’s words. So the father, again publicly lowering himself, overlooks his son’s insult and labors patiently to bring his outwardly obedient but utterly wayward firstborn to his senses.
Coloureds targetted by ANC chief spokesman Jimmy Manyi:
-always hair stuff going on
Thanks to Wanchai Ferry and My Blog Spark, my husband and I had the opportunity to try the not yet released Beef and Broccoli meal. If you haven't heard of the Wanchai Ferry line, it's the quick and simple way to prepare Chinese for two at home.
6. Staple a piece of ribbon at the top of the 5,5 x 3,5 piece of cardstock.
Your opportunity to BLESS A FAMILY ends tomorrow night at midnight.....
Online shopping for clothes gives the choice of searching the fashionable, trendy, unique, classy clothing at reasonable rates. Whatever be your taste, budget and size, you will get clothes that you have been looking for from online shopping stores. You will get the wide range of choices in clothes and can get them on sale as well. There are thousands of online stores in India from where you can find clothes of your type and that suits your personality. You need to be careful that the online store must offer return policy and secure payment options. Also, keep in mind about your budget.
Connie-the-dog has had her first haircut using her special Australian sheep shears, specially posted to her by Peter and Bernie in Australia! I think she looks rather fetching (and a lot cooler!) This photo is taken in the orchard, during our afternoon walk.
My name is Missy and I'm a Stuff Addict.
They’ll go with you
Now ... on to the airport greeters. When Isaac traveled home, he had a few stops along the way. He entered the United States in San Francisco. In the papers that arrived with him was a typed-up description of what happens when escorted babies like Isaac arrive at SFO. I wanted to share this with you--I found it quite interesting.
Normally, I would "formally" introduce our muse to you, but Laura has done such a great job of introducing herself, I am going to let her take it from here! You're going to love all her great art!
Over the past 13 years, the Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community has donated more than $192.7 million to charitable organizations, Indian Tribes, and Native American organizations. The SMSC has also made more than $389 million in loans to other tribes for economic development projects.
Articles on related subjects
For the workers-- some of whom quit jobs or declined job offers in expectation of post-training work and union membership--it was simply a chance for justice, after going through the 15-week program sponsored by Community Benefits Agreement (CBA) signatory BUILD (Brooklyn United for Innovative Local Development), where they learned little and were put to work, without pay, on a mostly unsupervised contracting job.
Try not to think, you have become like your mother.
of Zulu cultural heritage whereas his Jewish compatriot Zapiro is
Seldom, perhaps never. Rather, I defer the venom by heaping it on Shock Top or some other ridiculously infantile mockrobrew, and call it even for the day.
This is a touching and beautiful expose piece, full of incredible scenery and warm sentiments. As the Olympic Games are drawing near to a close, it is no small thing to take a moment and say thank you to not only such generous hosts, but our finest neighbor. Oh Canada! What memories you have given us.
Analyzing our autobiographies as learners has important implications for how we teach… the insights and meanings we draw from these deep experiences are likely to have a profound and long-lasting influence… we may think we’re teaching according to a widely accepted curricular or pedagogic model, only to find, on reflection, that the foundations of our practice have been laid in our autobiographies as learners. (Brookfield, 1995: 31 cited in Tennant, M., 2006:132)
I have had a cursory look at the "Worldview Defense" research and found much to amuse in it. I don't rule out there being some useful kernel of truth in it but to firm that up one way or another I would have to do a detailed critique of at least some of the papers basic to it -- which is not an inviting prospect. I have decided therefore simply to gather together below my blog posts on the subject
Indonesia
02. Intermezzo (film Escape to Happiness) 1969
I know now dont fall out of your chairs......for those who know me its been quite sometime since I have scrapped...well scarpped anything that I have been partically fond of and willing to share....lol.
Cauliflower Nutmeg Soup
Charles Sieger, half of the Miami architectural firm Sieger Suarez, made a name by designing and building creative high-rise residential and commercial buildings. But when it came to designing his own home, Sieger instead drew his inspiration from the French and British chateaus (hence the home’s name), medieval castles, and manor houses.
Crafty hugs to you all, and thank you for reading.
Dr. Clark was born in the summer 1902 and died in the spring of 1985. He taught at a number of seminaries and colleges during his 60 year teaching career and authored over 40 books on a diverse range of topics. He was a professional philosopher who specialized in critiquing secular philosophy from a Christian perspective. He was a founding member of the Evangelical Theological Society and was an actively engaged academic. Just a brief glance at the names of some of those who have been influenced by him demonstrates the wide influence that he has. They include John Gerstner, C.F. Henry, R.C. Sproul, Ron Nash, and Robert Reymond, just to name a few. Given this range it is remarkable that his work is not better known among Christian teachers.
Get ready to become a great Detective! Use the techniques and principles of a great sleuth, interview and investigate. There are lots of great deals out there that are waiting for you to reap the rewards, don’t get taken in by a scam.
The next case discussed was Case C-70/10 Scarlet v SABAM, in which the Court of Justice had to consider the validity of a Belgian court order that an ISP monitor the content of sites it hosted in order to determine whether file-sharing infringed copyright or not. There were also some non-IP arguments here, relating to the freedom of businesses to conduct their business and to data protection. The Court of Justice had no doubt that the Belgian order had gone too far, as its ruling makes plain. But how far does this ruling affect the pending judicial review of the Digital Economy Act? We shall soon find out.
Kate made the decision on her own that she wanted to transfer out of the class and into art. This class is where they will discuss sex education. I don't think it was heading in the right direction. Next thing, um let's watch this part of a movie just so you know what "not" to do.
You know, the best punch lines in life are those you just can’t explain - you just know what they mean. There was this guy who wrote to us on our Myspace, that he had told this girl that he was from Compton. Apparently he made it with her. So there you have it. Oh and by the way, this song has nothing, and I repeat nothing to do with any damn sparrows. “Suck on this barrel, you can ride my Camaro”
We’d been in business for about 3 months when we ended our first calendar/fiscal year on a loss. Both brothers got some money back on their tax returns, sharing the loss when they filed. “Do you think we’ll make money this year?” Max asked after he filed his 2010 tax return. (“I hope so. We should if we can stay busy.”) The truth is that 2011 in south Texas was a growing year with investors tentatively putting out small projects. Bonding power limited what we could bid and contract, but we got our share of work and stayed busy for most of the year. And ended the year with a profit.
Bits of this - love this one. The little insects are such fun for stamping in unexpected places. The plants make fabulous borders and hair. And the heads...oh my.!! They are bigger than previous heads but will still mix and match with the others, just imagine skull head on Curious Corrin's body, lol. The 2 at the bottom are perfect for adding other stamps as hair, especially stamps from the next set.
Happy Birthday Mom. I wonder what you would be doing now, be retired? Travelling? Of course you'd be travelling, it was your lifeblood. Still married to DP? Still in Va.? Would we be together today? So many questions on the big What if... What if you hadn't died at 60?
2 Prohibition of quasimilitary organisations(1)If the members or adherents of any association of persons, whether incorporated or not, are—
The four-hour event showcased the nine sustainability projects that will be part of the three-year effort funded through a three million dollar grant from the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development and $5.2 million in local matching contributions. The nine projects as described in a handout prepared by the Tri-County Regional Planning Commission are:
Pablo’s music brought another diverse element to the Soma output and his idiosyncratic sound was captured on 2009 album ‘Turntable Technology’. The original releases blended sampling, scatological hip-hop style and elaborately balanced beats to produce something highly original and admired by many other DJs. These earlier releases also enabled Pablo to become a musical presence in the ‘Grand Theft Auto’ franchise.
A dove glides her tilted wings
Its already February & Im feeling abit sad about January coming & passing by so fast... January was a blast cause I turned 22 on the 15th & I celebrated my birthday in New York on a holiday!
A hand to lift me is all I care
When you putt, have your left hand in front of the ball. Hold this position as the putter strikes the ball and you complete your stroke. Using this stance helps you keep the club steady while swinging and prevents the ball from popping up when you hit it.
who left a comment in last week's round, but if not, will try and
It’s always important to remind people to check the database once a year. My staff is wrapping up getting all the new names into the system from last years’ reporting dates. We are also gearing up for the new safe deposit boxes to come in for inventory.
Playing shop with a very old cash register and an assortment of favourite toys.
She’d seen the others watching her in meetings, noticed them looking up mid-sentence to gauge her expression. A firm rebuff would bring the most confident proposal to a stuttering halt. Sometimes just a look was enough; a disdainfully raised eyebrow, a contemptuous frown. They all knew she could control the silence, that she could impose it on others, force a meek, wordless, acceptance. They’d felt the force of nature that swept away the opposition and moved relentlessly on.
Redon had many close friends who figured in the Catholic revival such as Paul Claudel and the painters Emile Bernard and Maurice Denis on the one hand and the writers Leon Bloy and J.K. Huysmans on the other. All were admirers of Redon's work
Many of the protesters who turned up on Saturday were those who genuinely wanted to bring about positive change. They had meant well and they represented middle Malaysia.
Well, it is and it isn't. Let me explain.
"They're not twigs," he said, unwrapping them with such care you'd have thought they were artifacts from Mesopotamia. "They're grapes. Remember? I'm going to plant a few vines in the backyard.
He thought he was going to get his present when I said I had something for him. And he looked confused when I reached for my case instead. I grabbed Martin’s business card and handed it to him across the table. He was genuinely bewildered for about 3 seconds and then he understood. And he got what it meant. He arose from his seat, walked over to me and gave me a big, big kiss right there in the restaurant and then a big, big hug. And he said, I love you too.
This card was made completely out of scraps. I have no clue what any of it is except the yellow paper (that's Tim Holtz's coordinating cardstock). This card is 4 1/2 x 9. I knew I wanted it to be really long to showcase the leaf paper. I inked all of the edges with Tim Holtz Distress Stain in Vintage photo. I love distress stains because it's so easy to run around the edges and more ink comes out.
So, how did hospice shift from being a “fad” to an accepted practice?
Speaking of predictable, the Portland International Beerfest was no less fun this year, but I was a little disheartened by the insane prices for bottled beer. The average for a four-ounce pour was about 3.5 tickets (SPE of $63). I have always been sanguine about this scheme, because I trust the bottles are pretty steeply priced. But I happened to notice that they were asking FOUR TOKENS for Orval, a beer that can be purchased at any grocery store for about six bucks. It made me distrust every other beer at the fest, and I stuck to beers I could get for no more than three tokens. Weirdly, the very rare Cantillon Iris was pouring for just three tickets.
What many people don’t realize, is that it takes days to prepare a Passover seder meal that tastes like Bubbe used to make. We should get a day off too.
"Apparently the smoke made them lose consciousness."
Infuse you with the warmth of a bubbled bath
I have two projects in the works right now, and since only one of them has reached page 77, I'll share that with you. It's actually a collection of short stories, half of them previously published, the other half brand new. It just so happens that page 77 lands me on a brand new story called Wreckhouse. The guy in this one may or may not be lucky.
But in one fell swoop we have gone to the opposite extreme, so that police officers are now terrified of talking confidentially even to journalists whom they used to trust. Crime correspondents have testified to the Leveson Inquiry that their police sources have all but dried up.
a bar of soap (a nice big bar, not one of those little ones you souvenired from your last stay in a hotel)
Muscle dysmorphia is an extreme form of body image disturbance, a disorder originally described as reverse anorexia.
intimate contact with the fabric roll" appears twice in the specification of the Reissue patent, and describes the relationship between the plastic sleeve and the fabric roll. Reissue patent, col.2 ll.22-23, col.3 ll.17-18. This description does not require a single pre-soaked fabric roll. Under the terms of this description, the plastic sleeve could be in intimate contact with multiple fabric rolls, like the plastic wrapping on a package of several hot dogs is in intimate contact with each of the hot dogs, despite the fact that the hot dogs themselves contact each other as well as the packaging. Appellant’s Br. at 13. This description contains no requirement, implicit or explicit, that the plastic sleeve must be in intimate contact with the entire fabric roll. For these reasons, "a pre-soaked fabric roll" as used in claim 32 of the Reissue patent is not limited to a single roll.
We stay crazy busy and I'm lovin it! I'm thankful for this season and am learning so much.
Stuart and Janie think they are making me be quiet, I think I am getting a Cedar Nut whenever I fancy one... what do you all think?
‘I’ve thought about this,’ Petro continued excitedly, ‘we’re gonna need to be really insubstantial. Here, take these.’ He held Felicity’s palm open and poured half of the pills into it.
The wretch had a point. Stolik shot him in the chest; the pistol’s sharp report didn’t echo.
2. Copy-paste the traits for all the twelve months (see below).
So those were my fave from last year. .. it is nice to look back onto last year's card, had forgotten most of them!
Jump up, look around,
Today is going to be just as busy. Pam and I are going out for a nice lunch at the Macaroni Grille, then we’re going to head to the movies. She has talked me into going to see “The Last Exorcism”, so I’m just hoping that I don’t have to leave halfway through…that kind of stuff really freaks me out! I’ll let you know how it goes tomorrow! LOL! But luckily it’s Tuesday, and that means that it’s time for another sketch challenge…so let’s get to it!
“If this isn’t resolved, my position in the Cabinet will be untenable. Besides, the act of not proceeding with the RCI will say a lot about the government’s attitude to the Kadazandusun Murut communities,” he said.
In dance we follow, but allow our eyes to sparkle when the turns come real to our dearest dreams. The dinner we rosily lip with lover’s delight, in tune to softly spoken words of truth. Sensual pleasures enlighten our virgin visage and keep secret to ourselves, lest the world take part. A woman is a child, as a man is a boy. I love both and cherish the day Pope Mary gives flowers to the girl next in line.
What for do you spend these seconds?
What did I do in between? I went to the College English Association conference in Richmond, where I presented a paper. I wrote about poet children of scientists who contemplate God in their poetry. The paper went fairly well. It was held during the second to last session, so we had a very small audience.
With just a black striper, white acrylic paint, and doting tool I made this surprisingly simple nail art!
yeah I know this isnt all 7 days but you'll just have to read my journal when I get back, I leave out a lot of stuff, I just want you guys to see a little of what my life is like I love you all and I hope your doing well! write me soon
Two tablespoons half and half
I also put in a handful of leftover strawberries I had in the fridge that were looking slightly tired, as they usually make a nice combination with rhubarb.
The nation's great cities like Durban and Johannesburg, which could once rival the likes of Sydney, Vancouver and San Francisco, had descended in to decaying crime ridden slums within a decade.
I currently have shite everywhere, I can't find my marriage certificate and if a disaster happened (and this seems to be a common occurence lately) I would struggle to find all the important documents.
In the afternoon we had a talk from Sue Rangeley whose work is exquisite and neat and insiring. She's worked in fashion for years and it was her little applique purse that drew me into the BBC series about embroidery about 30 years ago, and then onto City and guilds.
I also have a raft of questions after spending some quality time with code over the week. CSS for print – do I need to link this to specific pages in the HTML, add it to the reference at the top of the code (where the link to the all media style sheet is) or will the browser do it automatically? And why oh why does my layout look acceptable in my first mock-up, but when I change anything in the main “content” div, everything gets thrown out?! Yes, it’s extremely frustrating, and even more so is the fact that I have no idea how long it is going to take to fix it all up.
I hate it and cringe when a review begins with the line, I'm not a fan of..(insert your favorite genre here) but I have no choice in this review of the Ensemble Theatre's newest show Life Could Be a Dream but to admit that I'm not a fan of musicals and 60's music.
like buoys together.
18. Do Nothing
The Works Progress Administration, later renamed the Work Projects Administration (WPA), was the largest of President Franklin Roosevelt’s New Deal agencies. It employed millions to carry out various public works projects, such as building and road construction. The first WPA workers were from the Transient Bureau and came to North Carolina’s Outer Banks in 1934. Among other projects, they planted stabilizing grasses to create dunes along the ocean front and aided in the construction of the Waterside Theatre, where The Lost Colony drama is performed each summer. One of the chief projects of the WPA was the construction of dunes for over 100 miles of North Carolina’s barrier islands. Lt. Harold L. Graham was an army Finance Officer stationed at WPA Camp Wirth located on the north end of Roanoke Island, North Carolina. The Lt. Harold L. Graham Papers include correspondence, receipts, financial records, and army training course books. (.19 cubic feet)
Ja the artist’s method is different from Ja the debater. Ja the artist will read the story out loud in order to hear if it sounds right. She will try to feel if the piece has heart—if there’s an urgency that says the story needs to be told, and if there’s a vitality that says it has life. Some works can be grammatically polished and totally logical, but they don’t have heart. In this case, it shrivels up on its own and voluntarily casts itself into the trash.
After everything that happened I have no problem saying that Gabriella is my hero! She’s so smart and brave. I’m so proud to call her a friend. Once we crossed paths, there was no way my life would be the same without her. I will love her till the end of time and beyond. On our crazy adventure we found out just how true and meaningful those words are. You’ll have to find out for yourself what all that means. It’s a story you probably won’t believe. But it’s what happened and it was very real to us.
This is a great book that I recommend for any Christian looking for a practical, theologically sound guide to living on mission for God in the world.
Situated on the waterfront, the main residence is set in park-like established gardens including magnificent 100-year old Port Jackson and Moreton Bay figs, Orange Guava, Cherry Guava, Pineapple Guava, Trees.
And meeting parents of children who have just died,
So many gods, so many religions, so many rituals.
This means he can spend weeks with an animal without taking a single photograph. For a profile of a lion in Kenya’s Maasai Mara, he watched it sleep under clear blue skies for 17 days. But the moment of satisfaction finally came when a strong wind blew in and the lion sat up (see photo 5 in the slide show above).
This week was my youngest sons' birthday (19) and also mine (46!) so we had a really busy but fun week. He is into Mini's and has restored and built his own as a first car. It really is lovely. He has totally rebuilt the engine himself , done all the welding and a total respray. I am very proud of him.
In her statements to the Parliament Nunez-Tesheira was emphatic on these important points – from page 629 of Hansard of 4 February 2009 –
I see this misconception frequently - the idea that probation is somehow not a "real" punishment. Mark Pryor over at DA Confidential, responding to a commenter's question regarding which offenses warrant probation vs. prison time, recently wrote:
The VNRC Team
and they all said i was mišlead
What’s worse is the fact that my old roommate, who’s probably the closest friend I’ve ever had, actually did see the strain I was under and tried to get me to move to Brazil (where he still lives) with him back in the early ’80s so I could get out from under it. I don’t know how many of you have read my Opening Rant post, but this friend was right there with me from when I first started college until not long after my third child was born – just as the pressure was really starting to get to me. As much as I wanted to go, I refused his offer and have regretted it ever since. I know that he’s not the “I told you so” kind of guy, but he just might be the “If only I’d tried harder” kind! I’m just not sure I’d know how to deal with that if he is.
I love to make kitchen gifts and with every passing year, I buy less and make more. My gifts are anxiously anticipated and make it even more enjoyable to create and package them. This year17 talented people looking for inspiration attended two nourish classes and came away with (I hope) many ideas and the confidence to feed those they love delicious holiday treats.
Oh. Good. Grief.
2. Download these files without any waiting time.
Buddy – 23
EDIT-
Along with other common men.
Applications of a Voice Activated TV Remote Control
In reality (stop giggling; I know what reality is), I don't expect to hear any words of praise or loathing (I'm accustomed to both) for a while, especially since it is December, and nothing happens in December. But I'm a tad peeved that neither my editor nor my agent has bothered to send me an email to say they got the story and summary. That's a one minute event, even with a sneeze (assuming they have a tissue on them).
1 explorer
The controversial figure has been criticised for telling Primary School Children at a South Australian school it was warmer at the time of Jesus, but stands by his comments.
the castaway wig
Or gray.
Sheffield Crown Court heard how the skirmish broke out in the club when Mr Scott mistakenly drank some of Damien Callaghan’s pint.
You can click on the names above the cards to go to their awesome blogs and get some more inspiration. Ladies- your cards will be featured in our slide show and you can take our Top Three Blog Badge from the side and put it on your blog with pride. And if you would like to be featured as a Guest Designer on one of our upcoming challenges, just send me an email (khasheck@gmail.com).
DURABLE MESH AND SUEDE UPPER
So, here’s the radical thought to sit with for a second: The earth produces food without the help of human beings. Some of the plants that we consider a nuisance and call weeds are actually edible. Before you start foraging for dinner among your local neighborhood make sure you get educated. Back in the day it was common knowledge what to eat and what not to eat. We have lost that common knowledge and now must rely on field guides and experts to learn what we can forage in our local bioregion. This fact, that the earth supports all of the life on it without the help of human beings, is the central idea of the Sabbath practices which culminate in this year-long practice of cultivating the mindfulness of our place within the creation that sustains us.
I am dismayed because the 2010 election is still the same as the 2004, and 2007 elections. These are the elections that I have closely observed. Just the same. In fact, this election is worse as more trash are thrown, more dirty tricks than before.
We take these things for granted, I guess. The present. We think there’s always going to be a way of remembrance. but in the midst of all the now, we forget.
I saw Mary Fellowes this morning, and she was hoping that all these new people understand that there's more to being a town councillor than going to meetings - there's also inspecting the public toilets, and removing fly tipping down the railway line, and other things that some people might not want to do.
One of the spiffy, polished cars on display here had a running board. Not writing it down in my notebook at the time,, and not being a car buff, I can’t recall the make of the car, just as I can’t remember the make of the old car with the running board that my dad owned.
A year later, I am amazed how far BLH has come. Without you followers BLH wouldn't be what it is today! I want to say a BIG THANK YOU to all my fellow bloggers, followers and author's I have worked with. All the support has been phenomenal. I would like to give a special shout out to Kelly who was a big help and we now welcomed Linda. I hope we can continue to have as much fun this next year as we did this year.
Wowza! They turned out good. They rose and cooked to perfection. They weren’t flat like my cookies normally turn out. They were amazing. We shared a few and ate a few. Well, we ate so many we didn’t end up making dinner. We had cookies for dinner. And it was good. What a perfect day to celebrate two years away and two years here. A parade and cookies.
But we didn't...
I was sure my teacher would recognize it as an ironic acknowledgement of how far I had come. And she probably did get it. The only issue is I spent a lot more time putting together the assemblage on the front than I did my play production notes, and it shows. But I still got an 89!
For my friends, the gestating moms: May the first and last trimesters go by with ease. May you take the sleep when you can get it. May you savor the miracle.
We did a little recce around the town of Saltburn by the Sea yesterday, taking some photos and getting a better sense of this small Victorian era resort town. We intend to start an opera workshop here next year and David was concerned that he be able to advise future participants about the pubs :) Of course we're also researching possibilities for the interior of the 1:12 scale pub we're going to build!
The deadline for submissions is Monday 30 July.
You would have come to the Why question sooner or later.
Mr. Think calmed them down, then turned to Sharshar and spoke with a tone devoid of any vindictiveness:
She opens her mouth and puts her hand on her cheek.
(data on this site are based on a survey of some 900 smokers in four capital cities. No data were collected outside of those cities, yet this site provides estimates of illicit consumption in every electorate, extrapolated from city data.)
Many other schools will call out police officers at the drop of a hat.
“Mr. President, may I have a moment of your time?” Mrs. Pickett asked knowing he won’t listen, but Grace insists on trying one last time.
According to Tunisian Jews I spoke to who regularly attend the Hiloula, many have already cancelled plans for this year. Others who are attending say they will avoid travelling in large groups.
Throughout those final two weeks of run-throughs and “fix it” sessions I did at least have the pleasure of a constant companion. One that stayed by my side by day and by night. One that helped me keep track of the days and the hours flying by. A faithful friend who never let me down. My trusty purple notebook.
This is my protest against bullying. I recommend you to join in too. You don’t have to sit back and take it. You CAN do something about it. The internet has given you a voice, let’s use it. And maybe we might save someone’s life. Just like superman.
Trying to get all the kids together for a picture. Didn't work too well.
Romney, who arrives in Puerto Rico Friday, March 16, was forced to spend two days privately courting donors in the New York area.
Enoch Light And The Light Bridgade
In what could be called the precursor of modern pharmacopeia, the Greek herbal De Materia Medica by Pedanius Dioscorides of Anazarba in Cilicia, the author describes the mandragora in detail, and explains how wine made from mandragora can induce anaesthesia – in the sense of an absence of sensation – in people about to undergo surgery or a cauterization of their wounds.
Admission: $8 (Please note: All admission fees from tonight's event will be donated to support Venerable Tsering Phunstock, his monastery, and health projects in India)
I'm looking forward to the line up on Pearl Girls this week. Heather Riggleman has wonderful encouragement for us in Pouring Out, Pouring In. On Wednesday we again hear from Mary DeMuth as she talks about that annoying accusatory voice that as women we all have and on Friday Tricia Goyer encourages through the story of By the Light of the Silvery Moon.
Reporter: Today I’m interviewing a married couple at the forefront of a new trend: gender-swapping couples. I’d like you to meet Mr. Margaret Bassackwards and her wife, Mrs. Arnold Reeli-Bassackwards, and their daughter, Alex.
5. He must be willing to make me (& our children) a priority in his life.
Well smarty-pants, you will care after I reveal the pinpoint prognostications I made about our youngsters a few years ago:
With a high pressure system sitting squarely above Ohio, the weather here in Paradise has been just below the Blast Furnace level. So I though I would have an early brew day, starting at 6 am, and brew when it was cool. Unfortunately, it was 79°F with 85% humidity.
Here are the two munchkins all dressed up at Grandma and Granddad's house...awwww!
4) The film doesn’t need commentating. I realize that you might have a good grasp on what’s taking place but that doesn’t mean the rest of us need you to guide us through.
An entirely indigenous Irish operation, which tells us that they do not use the preferred POD print option of Lightning Source UK. This will mean that there may be incurred shipment costs to fulfil book sales in the UK and further afield overseas, and suggest that many authors using their services are actually based in Ireland.
I hope you all have a fantastic weekend!!!
"Playboy Club's cancellation comes after the drama premiered Sept. 20 to underwhelming ratings, attracting 5 million viewers and a 1.6 rating in the advertiser-coveted adults 18-49 demographic."
GUILD PVP
As I light my candle tonight, I pray that all of our angels are together and that we find peace in knowing they are together with God and all of our relatives that have passed on. I pray that no mother, father, grandparent, aunt, uncle or siblings have to experience such a painful loss that hurts well beyond any one's imagination. I pray for every woman who has experienced the joys of finding out that your going to be a mommy only for it to turn to devastation when you hear, "I'm sorry, there is no heartbeat" and then have to bare the burden and guilt of "why me...why couldn't I carry this very wanted baby". Then having to see and be around pregnancy everyday. I pray for the husbands, significant others, and best friends who try to comfort a mommy who has lost a pregnancy or child. And finally, I pray that one day, they can find a way to stop premature labor. I pray that one day, they can save even the sickest and smallest babies.
"Har," I scoffed. "It'll be a year in less than a week, so I'm cutting it pretty close if that was the goal."
Be prepared my friends! Not only will you see some insanely amazing organizing going on here.... you will also be pulled in by her awesome blog and see oh so much more! Enjoy!
(iii) The witness must be subject to adverse-question by or on behalf of the accused
However, words can’t really show you what it is like. Perhaps you should wander in and see for yourself (like I wandered into that gathering). It might just be the very thing that you have been looking for all your life.
Lest bogles (Spirits) catch him unawares:
Now, for the brewery lineup. Each brewery will be bringing a "summer style" including and not limited to, Saison, IPA, Spring and Summer seasonals.
When we first moved her and the chicks in to the coop she wouldn’t stop talking; she had a lot of scolding to do and had that very serious Mom Voice with the chicks, ordering them back under her. I am sure chickens can’t count, but she knew exactly how many babies she had and was accounting for each and every one, repeatedly. She didn’t sit back down until she knew she had all her babies.
Proceeds benefit Animal Friends and the Homeless Children’s Education Fund. For directions or more scary information, call (412) 851-4286.
Emily – 89 (33.71%)
back from the two week field trip.
Last night I posted a translated article about a horrific rape and mutiliation of a young girl in the German city of Worms. Our German translator JLH has sent some follow-up information on the incident.
Elijah: Yes, it is!
Buffeted by graduate school and a vicious cold over Thanksgiving, I’m not back to normal but at least back to the blog. I have half a dozen mostly finished entries, waiting for me to break through the inertia and complete them. Expect more in the coming days.
4) Each Monday, brainstorm the articles you will need for the week.
Now for the dirt! Originally Sandi dyed up a skein of yarn I actually love but it wasn't translating the way she had intended. She looked into flames themselves and saw the colors how they traveled from an orange into a white/yellow with the blue flame we all see. you will eventually see the originally "Fire" yarn she created as I have used it in a new design, but, for the sock it wasn't working. We discussed this and she came up with the colors you see above and then I was able to come up with Controlled burn based off the newest idea.
I painted the letter with acrylic paint. Then used 3 shades of pink acrylic paint & a flower stamp (sorry don't remember who made it). Then I sealed the letter with Krylon Preserve It.
Wash the ladiesfingers/okra and wipe them dry with a kitchen towel. If they remain wet they turn mushy while cooking. Slice the okra into small pieces .
Local state senator Tammy Irons was quoted Saturday in an article written by Mary Sell. The most astonishing pronouncement from Sen. Irons concerned a supposedly offered bribe by the Republican Party and was picked up only by the TimesDaily and the Decatur Daily; however, there was another extremely interesting quote from Irons that was punctuated quite differently in the two papers.
Nora also got a chocolate cake pop all to herself!
The kids played in the playground in the mall for a bit and then we went for a drive out to Fannie Bay past a great recreational lake and the wharf area and all around the place. Called back in through town for a take home bucket of icecream and then back to the caravan. We all went for a swim in the pool to cool off and then Tim stayed at the pool bar and watched the footy and the kids and i came back to the van and played puzzles and did some photo and blog updates.
Conflating Social and Economic Policy
I have no love for the police. I've made no secret of that. There was a time when my respect for them was unbridled. I genuinely believed we had the best coppers in the world. That stopped some time ago, when I discovered that they were really thugs in uniform, for the most part. I'm not going to tar them all with the same brush because that would be unfair on the good ones. But they are as rare as hens teeth, which is a damned shame.
The idea is to break down a large project into smaller, managable elements and then complete one element of the project every day.
All was lost
What is your favorite thing about September or Fall?
September 22, 2009 Special Dispatch No.2554
Mash your pumpkin with a potato masher or have fun doing it with your clean hands and place in a plastic bag until ready to use..keeps in the fridge for a few days or you can freeze it for later use.
Though the two bodies of writings might seem very different in their structure, where they have things in common is their followers reverence for them. Both the Chumash and the Quran take the central focus par excellence in Judaism and Islam. Both are found as the basis for any legal decision or any discussion on metaphysic matters. Both takes the focus as the main object of study, whether it being the Jewish tradition of reading the whole Chumash during a year or the Islamic ditto with the Quran during the holy month of Ramadan. We see it as well in the discussions in the Talmud, which mostly are related to and centered on Biblical verses, such as the discussion of the three daily prayers, which are related to the practice of the three patriarchs, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
These are a cinch to make and most ingredients you most likely already have in your freezer and pantry, if not you can substitute for what you have on hand. I bake my egg rolls to cut down on the calories but if your feeling bad go ahead and fry em'!
We love pinning stuff!
I am extremely excited to have Brittany share on my blog today. She is so sweet and kind! She does some pretty awesome make up tutorials on her blog, you should check them out :)
So recycling and reusing is ingrained in me. We re-used everything. So when we set out to continue our journey in urban farming, free, recycled stuff was the obvious choice.
As things began to move faster, she tried both of the available drugs, one after the other, in 2008 and early 2009. However, both were ineffective for her; and in July of 2009, she underwent a bone marrow stem cell transplant performed at Vanderbilt University Hospital in Nashville with a team of hematologist/oncologists. She was only in the hospital for about 10 days but was required to live very nearby in Nashville for about 4 months, with daily trips (typically lasting almost all day long) to the clinic for about 2 months. Later the frequency of clinic visits was reduced to alternate days and then less often. After 4 months, we moved back to Huntsville but continued monthly visits to Vanderbilt.
So in addition to using his incredibly heroic action of picking up the phone and saying “OK” to the team that had Osama Bin Laden in their gunsights (which the White House gardener could’ve done) in his re-election ads, now our president is in Afghanistan announcing that we’ve got Al Qaeda on the ropes and the evil “Darth W’s” war there is almost over.
1/3 cup panko
I have had the honor of working in the field of disability services, rights and justice for more than thirty-five years. It is natural that experience finds its way into my stories. For 25 years this work was in rural western Kansas, very similar to the Missouri town where Paige lived. I've also had the chance to visit a lot of other programs both as a consultant and as a quality reviewer. I've seen great programs and a few ugly ones. Not all of the programs I was involved with were residential, and I don't think residential group homes are the right answer for many people. Sharing housing isn't always ideal for adults. At the same time, with costs the way they are here in California, where I live now, I've decided that shared housing is sometimes a good option for single adults, and not so far from the norm.
One day after the murders, police found a car, believed to have been used by the killers to flee the crime scene.
Can you think of some more that I missed?
After dinner, we walked through the Mission back through the Castro and in my watercolor state, the streets just shimmered with lights and people walking to restaurants, riding bikes and generally just being outside, together.
And now I can also attach the envelope with all of my coupons for that specific trip, right to the clipboard with the shopping list. The coupons will always be right at my fingertips. No more bulky envelope....
If I try to explain the plot I might put you off, so it's probably better to simply include this link to the first few pages. If you like bald, understated prose, like Cormac McCarthy or M. J. Hyland, where devastating truths are hidden beneath mundane recollections, then I can highly recommend this magical novel.
Get out and look around! Leave your x-fit ape iphone and whatnot at home and enjoy what is around you for once. Also no almonds and skinny chai tea lattes!
Damper vane
I don't know where that saying came from, but despite the fact that no one really likes peas, carrots or peas and carrots, it stands tall as one of the most charming phrases on EARTH.
We would have never guessed there would be such a response!
ground pepper and salt
They are stamped with Memento and Versafine inks. The pink background is sponged with Tim Holtz Distress Ink Spun Sugar, the edges with Memento Pear Tart and Delicata Gold The flowers are colored with Copics. I used a gold gel pen to highlight the sentiment for a final touch.
She’s just had a bath and is all dressed up in a darling little pastel outfit with hand-knitted booties. You can almost smell the baby powder and baby lotion. You can almost hear her gurgling a sweet little “gooooo” just for you. And don’t you just want to wiggle her little toesies and say “cootchie-cootchie-coo” so you can hear her endearing little gush of baby laughter?
ever interceding for Your people and Your church. In Jesus Christ Name! Amen!
Why I Quit My Writers’ Group
+1 become a follower
May 8 – Sound Academy (Toronto, ON) #
No doubt about the committment to individual liberty there! She said that in a 1977 speech, before coming to power, and she in fact made similar observations to me personally when I met her at a small Home Counties garden party in that year.
Alright, I've done my 60 minutes of cardio at the Y and eaten a delicious dinner my wife prepared with soba noodles, chicken, endamame beans, shredded carrots and some sort of orange and lemongrass vinaigrette and feel refreshed, so I'll hop back on the keyboard here and finish my train of thought.
He bravely walked down the steps and sulked into the kitchen, tail between his legs, and said, "Sowwy, Mommy. You pway Wii wit me?"
“The Creative Commons Non-Commercial (CC NC) licenses exclude re-use scenarios leading to monetary profits or other commercial advantages. It thus effectively protects copyright owners whose income depends on commercially licensing their works,” (Hagedorn, 2011, p. 141). There is a grey area around the Non-Commercial part of the license and with every update the Creative Commons plans to sort out all these grey areas. A suggested grey area would be that if an author uses the Commercial license, then a user may take that work and publish it for monetary value without profits for the original author. The author has to make their license Non-Commercial in order to avoid that, but then there is a world of bloggers that would be unable to use/share the work for non-monetary gain. There wasn’t a log about this grey area on the Creative Commons website to fully form the full disclosure of the Commercial versus the Non-Commercial licenses. There is also one more license, the CC0 or CCZero, which is a special condition for a jurisdiction that has no concept of the public domain. This license provides, as close as it can, a work that is released directly into the public domain.
