There is another PPV in 2 weeks, so WWE is going to be building very fast to the show in the next 2 weeks. I don’t like that, I believe WWE would be better off with 12 PPVs a year. Maybe even less, but no more than 12. What did you think of tonight’s show? Give me an email at DJKevinGillman75@aol.com or drop me a line on the site.
You do your team no favors by holding back. Be relentless and consistently raise the bar higher. It is better to fear losing an extraordinary team because you don’t stretch them enough than to give them less than they deserve. Your goal should be to build and develop them to their fullest potential.
What helped my recovery process was that not only coming to terms with what had happened to me, but that seven to eight years ago, I was finally able to forgive my mother and so release the anger that I had harbored against her, which by then had eaten away my spirit like a slow moving illness.
I thank God for all the better choices that I made this month. I am stronger and more hopeful for the new month. I am grateful that in the new month, a wiser me is taking over.
So, for the past three years, I have had no tiller.
6 large eggs, separated
Style: Scottish Ale (per BeerAdvocate); Scotch Ale (per Rate Beer)
The film for Will, though, was inspired by having grown up watching The Million Dollar Man and Bionic Woman television shows. It also came from a discussion about the fictional ”ghost in the machine” and computers being programmed by humans who by design are fallible themselves.
‘Guns don’t kill people – postal workers do.’ Answer:The Mexican. A bad, bad movie with Julia Roberts, Brad Pitt,
B. attempt to acquire Cuba.
So, if you're keeping score at home, Santorum using the word "Bullshit," it:
I also received - found it in my junk folder - an email from a nice woman named Tania, telling me about a line of skirts from 'Doris Designs', which really captured my imagination. I love when people start companies that aren't trying to cash in on a trend, that just feel sprung from the heart. I could see a million ways to wear these classic skirts:
De Felice, R. (1977) Interpretations of Fascism Cambridge, Mass.: Harvard U.P.
The room was flooded with light, shadows from the budding trees swaying back and forth over the intricate Persian rugs. The celebration was an hour away. Ohobilah lay on her bed, hair disheveled and her beautiful dress, a spring green one that the king had given her, spread around her. She was smiling into her reflection, warped by the polished gold of her new bracelet. “I’m so lucky,” she grinned. Tonight was their anniversary. Their entire kingdom would be there, looking up at their king, celebrating the kingdom’s lasting peace and prosperity under such a wide leader. She couldn’t wait.
At the heart of the Lion will be sunk in the sea at dawn.
When she sells out of a particular type of pie or bread, she wipes that one off her list. Vicky often sells out or leaves the market with very few products left.
26 Do you pay any specific insurance premiums such as public liability insurance?
Low Word Count
Recovering from depression is not easy and the last week or so I have found myself backsliding. I half expected this as I had been home for the Easter holidays and always feel down, alone and bereft when I return. Although I have lived here for almost half my life now it does not feel like home, it is merely where I live. Home is where I feel good, where even if it is pouring rain and the clouds are around my ears there is joy in my heart. When I look out the window and can see the beauty of nature, the world as God intended, not row after row of houses. Where all I hear is the gentle slap of waves against the shore, the lowing of cattle, the call of ewes to their lambs, the sweet sound of birdsong, not the constant roar and rattle of traffic.
“It was a long fight to get to this point,” says Loverde of his quest. “I am very excited, but even more excited that the timing will allow me to finish this semester; I was sweating it! I take my oath May 23rd in Sacramento and report to duty in Arkansas no later than June 6th. I plan to do the May 24th graduation — if I pass my final review.”
“I've heard that you’ve been busy
1 Corinthians 11
Finally, I found one called Hungarian Cabbage and Noodles. It looked similar to what I make. It uses oil. I used to use margarine but since oil is healthier, I decided to give it a try.
VAL? Hey you! Lady! Get to bed!
Time has a way of getting away from me. I cannot believe that so much time has passed since my last blog entry. And now I have so much to report that one entry simply won’t do. If I report everything that has happened since my last entry in just one post, you will quickly become bored with reading me yammering on about hockey, knitting, birthdays, etc., etc., etc. So I shall break it down into smaller parts in order to keep your interest, dear reader of mine.
'It’s just me!'
The lack of certainty about future re-employment within the Department has caused many staff to leave. I can name five nurses off the top of my head who have moved interstate, taking with them years of experience and specialisation. One has gone back to university to retrain. This was great loss to our hospitals across the state, and every Tasmanian public-sector nurse has their own list of people who have moved on.
"Ooooops." Will picked up the finger with his other hand. "How embarrassing. You see what happens when you lock me up for so long? I'm falling apart here. You might want to grab the superglue if you don't want my head to fall off next."
Peter Cai is The Age’s Asian Affairs Reporter.
One thing I consistently hate about hallowe'en costumes is the flimsy fabric used. Like, if I wouldn't wear this outside under normal circumstances, why would I wear it now? O_o
*Challenge: I’m a coffee-aholic! I stumble out of bed and fumble straight to the coffee maker. Solution 1: Cross my fingers that my room will have complimentary coffee maker. Solution 2: Find a Starbucks or other coffee shop near the hotel to buy my morning coffee. Opted for: Thanks to Vegas I was forced to select Solution 2. No complimentary coffee but there were three different Starbuck stores in the lobby of the Luxor hotel. (Unfortunately, a Tall cup of plain ‘ol regular coffee was $3. I laughed at that the first day and then quickly decided I would stop the following morning at a Starbucks off the strip on my way to the conference. 1 mile down the street I got a Grande coffee for $2.)
We stood next to each other in the bathroom and looked at ourselves in the mirror. Two beautiful people in a beautiful apartment, said Sonia, and laughed. I turned and kissed her, and thought of the beautiful couple in the mirror kissing as well, and that excited me more than the actual kiss itself.
Just enough.
How many murders or terrorist attacks has Nick Griffin been implicated in?
The poll is to your right and will be open for one week. We're still working on a great prize
Currently Listening to: Ravenheart by Xandria
When I first heard about a Pastor in Florida planning to burn the Qur'an today I was shocked and angry. I haven't heard if he went through with it or not, but I certainly hope he did not. I obviously am not Muslim but certainly people have the freedom to believe whatever religion they want without being persecuted for it. To purposely stir things up by burning the Qur'an serves no good purpose but wcould likely put a lot of lives at risk. This kind of foolishness by a Pastor is what gives Christianity a bad name. This is why I was angry when I read about this.
“Star Born” by Andre Norton – Norton’s name keeps popping up when I read about sci-fi, and this one was free.
2. Share 7 facts about yourself - some random, some weird.
Badum badum bee doodily dum ! Boo !
When referring to Japanese civilians committing mass suicide when trapped in cave rather than surrender to Americans during WWII:
We get very upset about local government investigating our waste in order to get us to recycle and cut down on it and that nimby attitude means that plants to treat and burn waste take an eternity to get planning permission, all the while we keep chucking rubbish in ever shrinking holes and fight in ridiculous bin wars.
Yes why not? the designers are being given an opportunity to use Aifactory store platform to spread word about their site / blog or shop. Let others know about your digital stamps creations by posting to AIF site with a link back to your product purchase page.
When I have seen such interchange of state,
What did we the older generation do? Nothing, we just sat and whined even though we knew they were parasites on our skin. We did not care for the next generation, we let almost every corruption take place until even the Judiciary was rampant with judge-fixing cases.
So when my wife, 10-year-old son and 4-year-old daughter sat down to watch Hugo on DVD together, I was excited because this was the first family-friendly Scorsese flick ever! I was not disappointed. We were riveted. Even my youngest, who is normally squirmy, and up and down and up and down was glued to the couch.
One of the most important things we ever do in this world is to pray.
Two Girls One Cup was Top Of The Pops for Party Time. He flapped about like a fish outta water laughing and gagging in insanely sharp snapping alternations while I sat rubbing myself all the while. It’s a favourite of mine, too.
First, potential readers look at paragraph size. If the paragraphs are too long, they feel that the work will be ponderous; if the paragraphs are too short, they think it will be lightweight. And if all paragraphs are more or less the same size, they get an immediate impression of stagnation. An experienced writer knows how to vary the lengths of the paragraphs according to the flow of the story. Since everything in a story is connected to everything else, the size of your paragraphs should be connected to the rhythm of the story: short paragraphs for action scenes, longer ones for a respite. A variety of paragraph sizes from one to ten lines tell readers you will keep their attention.
Finkelstein, a professor at Tel Aviv University, said Jewish archaeologists have failed to unearth historic sites to support some of the stories in the Torah. Among those stories are the Jewish Exodus, the forty-year wandering in the Sinai desert, and Joshua’s victory over the Canaanites.
Reasons for meeting
Oh.My.Goodnees.
51. Netizens in China gave him nickname ‘Peach’.
“You’re not in my district” to the oh so helpful
I agree on two of three points - opening ourselves to spiritual experiences is important, if difficult in the lives of the paycheck to paycheck lower middle class parents of a special needs child (I've done precious little of it in the past few years, and struggled with depression knowing that any justification, rationalization, or excuse is not insurmountable). But I have to draw the line between me and so many religious people in my belief that "knowing" is dangerous ground for anyone to stand on, whether a believer or an atheist.
Pundits and critics are quick to point out all the reasons that my simplified approach would not work because they throw their own set of assumptions of how our current status quo government and quasi-governmental special interest groups would interfere in the implementation of these simple concepts. I take the tact, however that let’s assume we did have the capacity to make holistic change. If so, then the following would greatly improve our countries ability to meet our current and future financial needs as well as lead the world as the best place to live, work, invest, and recreate once again across the board.
I have a news article from The Tidings (A Roman Catholic paper) printed some eight years after A.A.’s founding. The article reported on the speeches by Dr. Bob and Bill on the same platform in Los Angeles before 4500 at the Shrine Auditorium. There, and once again, Dr. Bob explicitly urged that AAs should cultivate the habit of prayer and of reading the Bible.
Bake for about 10 minutes or so- keep an eye out: the bisuits should colour aroun the edges and not get too dark.Take the biscuits out and let them cool on a metal grid.
Anyhow..
We have no idea how many nominees there will be, NOR IF THE CATEGORY WILL EVEN HAPPEN. So this may/probably will end up being entirely batshit.
So homesickness never troubles you?
I thought about making the beer for the weekend a tailgating beer or a Boulevard beer that's now available at The K, but since I've played the baseball theme up a lot lately (and also since the Royals just got whomped for 7 runs in the 1st inning), I decided to take a different route.
0530- Realize that this sleep thing ain't happenin. Reluctantly roll out of bed. Strip sheets from bed, add those to huge pile of laundry in basket, and drag laundry downstairs. Start laundry in washer.
Back Cover Blurp:
Tell us what you think about these headphones and about your favorite headphones in the comments.
We, in the western world, as a democratic powerful society, have a duty of care to protect these people, and to help them gain independance from repressive regimes.
One might ask, why evacuate Israel to the U.S.? With regards to physical dilemmas, some observe that local competition for water and energy resources are to blame for many local conflicts, more so than international factors. The distant U.S. is irrelevant such disputes, and definitely not culpable. Yet, the legitimacy of the establishment of Israel has never been embraced by all, and any local issues are merely fuel on the fundamental question. As to the lethal tension created by that question, it will be argued below that more so than any European nation, America has an obligation to avert a 2nd Holocaust in Palestine. For reasons that follow, America must be the ally that provides the back door for the mass preservation of those who decide to leave Israel before, during, and after the coming conflicts of increasing lethality. Global polarization on the topic of Israel leaves her with few sympathetic ears, and survival aboard her land will become ever-less tenable.
I'm reminded of my Grandma when she would come to stay, as she used to unravel too. Any outgrown jerseys in our household were turned into kinky balls of yarn before you knew it, and by Day 2 of Grandma's stay The Blanket would have begun. I remember arriving home from school each day and checking how far The Blanket had progressed, sometimes having the privilege of choosing the next colour. By crocheting 3-4 strands together at a time, it progressed relatively rapidly, round and round, a wheel of colour evolving subtly and not-so-subtly as each unravelled jersey was converted into it's new purpose in life:
Brouwerij De Dolle Brouwers De Dolle Extra Export Stout
Disneyland! In February we took a family vacation to Disneyland. We all had so much fun! Two months later Justin is still asking everyday if we can go back to Disneyland. I WISH! Savannah was so brave and went on every ride she was tall enough for. Her favorites were Big Thunder Mountain Railroad and Screamin Over California. Justin's favorites were Pirates of the Caribbean and The Jungle Cruise.
Three years ago I started to write. My compulsion to write wasn’t triggered by my wisdom, intelligence or skill, but rather by a desperation to make sense of some heart-breaking times in my life. First came my cancer, then Dad’s dementia which led to his death, Mum’s five-year battle with brain cancer which sadly ended last year, and also my own acquisition of two ‘bionic’ hips after years of living with a congenital hip disorder. Somewhere in the mish-mash of all this horror grew a small seed of longing to write. This post is a milestone – 100 stories - my therapy and release. The unexpected bonus has been connecting with some fabulous blogging buddies who have become my cyber soul-mates. Your encouraging comments and your own inspiring posts often make my day. Through our writing we’ve exchanged some ideas rarely shared in everyday life. What a privilege this has been!
Warning. Things are about to get REALLY girly. I’m so sorry. I don’t know why I’ve suddenly become so feminine but lets roll with it.
My sister recently gave me a postcard of Chagall’s wedding couple in front of the Eiffel tower. Marriage is a theme he returned to often. The painting above is poetic, ethereal and sweetly romantic, yet an air of haunting mystery hangs over it. Why do the couple appear to float? Why is the painting so blue? Are they on earth, or in the heavens? Or is the visionary, dream-like state intended to illustrate the couple’s bliss? Most probably these images are symbolic of the great love Chagall had for his wife, Bella.
(A2size) 3D Easel card
I felt rather daunted myself when I first signed on with Alex–did you know that you guys are almost ninety-percent Blogger bloggers? repetition intentional, as I am a WordPress person, and linky-lists between the two are non-user-friendly. I’m not complaining; it is what it is. But it did make me look through the eyes of a child at the world we now take so for granted. Many of us have caught the blogging bug and communications craze and mastered the art (sortof) in under a decade. And, some of us are really in an age bracket where we didn’t think we could… but that tale for another time…
The director counted down and the lights came back on in studio 6.
Dyson Dc 25 Blog (dysondc25blog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Let the oppressed go free,
DW: Ponzi schemes. Yeah.
From Bell's Brewery, the Two Hearted Ale is an American IPA. It sports a fish on it's label, along with a 7% ABV invitation and the following blurb..."an IPA well-suited for Hemingway-esqe trips to the Upper Peninsula..." Never been to the UP and never met Hemingway...but I'll drink the beer regardless.
Insta hang also looks kind of useful, although things do go a bit black and white there for a while, when hanging a picture the old way. Not sure it ever went black and white for me though whilst hanging pictures but let’s roll with it. Although I start to wonder if I could use it to hang my boy on the wall by his t-shirt. I probably should not get this one. Or only let my wife use it.
There will be 4 levels and all of them will be some sort of an introduction to the features in the game.
Digimon was the next best thing to Pokemon I tell ya! It used to come on Fox Kids and CiTV. It had a lot of similarities to Pokemon but was so different at the same time. Where as Pokemon was based round one main person Digimon was based around a group of school kids who stumble into the Digi-world. Its all long but it was entertaining back then lol I wanted a Digimon. The sad thing about Digimon was they lived in their own world where as in Pokemon you could have your Pokemon everywhere you went and it was normal no hiding! Ahh well good times!
“Do not come any closer,” God said to Moses. “Take off your sandals, for the place where you are standing is holy ground.” Exodus 3:5
I believe. The Lord has proven himself faithful to me more times that I could hope to remember. Yet, I admit that I am weak and sometimes worry. I know He is good. And by that I am sustained.
Our perspective is deeper and grows from an emotional and instinctive relationship with our people and our territory than the “Castes”. It is more profound than rationalising or adopting an artificial blueprint for a Utopian world because it grows from natural, human instinct.
runs. At the end of the fifth inning the Colt 45′s had the game well in hand
Today I found myself with a half jar of left over Prego sauce that Jon used to make dinner last week when I was gone. There are always eggs in the fridge and I had a nice bunch of fresh basil waiting to be used up. I picked up some goat cheese while grocery shopping this morning and was ready for lunch when I got home.
secret sins in your life? Ask God what it will take to “come clean” with Him,
ABITW2 7'54
What's the Matter, Aunty May? Peter Friend & Andrew Joyner (Little Hare)
Our hop today and tomorrow is anything relating to mini albums - doesn’t matter the size as long as it’s mini and it’s an album!!! This is Lynda’s favorite project - making mini albums - where you can take a set of pictures and scrapbook them and complete a project in a day or less! Great for gifts for special people, (Mothers Day is coming up you know), and just fun to showcase a trip, birthday or shower even!
There is a very nice story. One rat, he was troubled with cat. So he came to a saintly person: “My dear sir, I am very much troubled.” “What is the difficulty?” The rat said, “The cat always chases. So I’m not in peace of mind.” “Then what do you want?” “Please make me a cat.” “All right, you become a cat.” After few days, the same cat again came to the saintly person, says, “My dear sir, I am again in trouble.” “What is that?” “The dogs are chasing me.” “Then what do you want?” “Make me a dog.” “All right, you become a dog.” Then after few days, again he comes. He says, “I am again in trouble, sir.” “What is that?” “The foxes are chasing me.” “Then what do you want?” “To become a fox.” “All right, you become a fox.” Then again he comes. He says, “Oh, tigers are chasing me.” “Then what do you want?” “I want to become a tiger.” “All right, you become a tiger.” And when he became a tiger, he began to stare his eyes on the saintly person: “I shall eat you.” “Oh, you shall eat me? I have made you tiger, and you want to eat me?” “Yes, I am tiger. I shall eat you.” Oh, then he cursed him, “Again you become a rat. Again you become a rat.” So he became a rat.
Ghosn and Pouchot say that too often, young women are resentful of others’ success — but it doesn’t have to be that way. “There’s plenty of room for everyone’s success — your success doesn’t mean that my success is limited,” says Pouchot, adding that the purpose of Levo is to encourage women to band together to elevate everyone’s potential.
Housekeeping’s a thing of the past
And then the circus came to town.
Groups such as the Red Guards and the Educated Youth took it upon themselves to enforce loyalty to the country and the cause. Those who wore make-up, jewelry, or luxury clothing or fabrics were outcasted. The old adage ‘if you’re not with us, you’re against us’ rang very true between the years of 1966-1976. Often a detail as small as a pin or colorful scarf could single one out among their comrades. Interestingly enough the same small details could show your loyalty, for many of the youth it was very popular to wear Mao pins in order to show your loyalty to the Chairman. In this sense, attention to detail was key and standing out amongst your peers as ‘the most loyal’ was a great honor.
Skill utilization: – Optimum resource planning with the required skills increases the efficiency and company operates at maximum output per shift. This also provides work satisfaction to the employee and helps to retain them. Employee satisfaction is crucial to successful management.
Are you looking for the best price for a set of Pioneer HDJ-2000 headphones? Overall, for the price that they charge for these, even though the price point is rather high, you will find no better headphones. Sure there are cheaper ones out there, but the Pioneer HDJ-2000 has a build quality unheard of in the DJ headphone arena.
I tried to find a transcript/video. Here is what is available on Oprah’s website. Dr Oz lets loose as well. Listen to how defensive and how completely out of touch the grandfather is of what will be needed to care for all the children. Pay close attention to how he said he told her enough! Same lame thing the grandmother did and neither of them stopped her. All they had to do was call the State Medical Licensing Board or Child Protective Services.
never cared for what they say
Having gone through a methodical search, I decided to contact you hoping that you will find this proposal interesting. Please on your confirmation of this message and indicating your interest I will furnish you with more information’s.
I wanted to tell him, "God didn't put that little boy in your path. He didn't look at his watch and time it that way, just to teach you that you can survive this." But I didn't say that. He needed to cry it out. Spread his pain before God.
But if I had any true guidance to give you, it would be to say, “Get ready, and open, and receive.” This is our gift of partnership. To you.
Before long, the waters were up to his knees, and another man came into sight rowing
urbancrafts.com: Photographing Your Embroidery - a selection of tips and pointers specifically targeted towards embroidery, but also applicable to any small(ish)-scale, close-up photography. Favourite tip? Natural light. I’ve been taking my FOs outside into the garden, and have definitely been noticing improvements in the look of my pictures.
I’ve read from Philippine Star’s editorial about the House Bill 5901 known as the Anti-Spitting Act whose proponent is Rep. Eulogio Magsaysay of the AVE Partylist. From the first thought, it’s a really sensible law if we think of it. How many of us experienced walking along streets and suddenly one man standing on the sidewalk will spit regardless if you’re passing by? How many of us have seen drivers spitting while driving? In short, we’ve already had experiences of how some incognizant and reckless people paint our town with tuberculosis, common colds, influenza and hepatitis.
AG: With the what?
This is the cologne I picked up for Rob on Saturday! Incense Kyoto by Comme des Garcons is a wonderful musky scent with tones of cedar, soap, cypress, teak, nutmeg, coffee and amber. Smoky and light, perfect for a guy who doesn't do cologne often.
Sometime later... wired for electricity, heat lamp, the brooder box, four (4) one-week old chicks, and if you buy this floor model, we'll deliver and set it up right after the show. Pete looked at me and said, "Let's do it". My sides are splitting.
It turns out that the green logo is from the Bay Street Coffee Shop chain, which has six locations in Los Angeles, all in proximity to a park. How to pick which one? Britten looks back at the crime scene photos from the Griffith Park murder. Santoro is in the background of one, holding a coffee cup with the Bay Street Coffee logo. She had the cup when Britten met her in Brentwood. The coffee shop in Brentwood is in the lobby of the Meridian Hotel -- where Santoro is staying, and where the killer has been stalking her. The Gemini Killer has targeted Santoro for his next victim.
We are screaming inside, but we can't be heard
Stephen Woodworth, a Conservative Member of Parliament representing Kitchener Centre, brought forward a private member bill, M-312, which would call for a committee to study how the Canadian Criminal Code defines a “human being”. To simplify, Canadian law declares a human life to begin precisely as it is separated from its mother and has an individual pulse. Andrew Coyne’s article is terrific at explaining exactly how indecisive the courts have been on a definition of when life begins. The current definition of person-hood is the same one that has been used for the last four-hundred years.
I'm not much of a glitter person, but I've always been fascinated with the way that German glass glitter looks. Traditionally it only came in silver or gold but in the last couple of years its been made in more colors. This put me in a bit of a quandary, since I could never make up my mind as to which color I wanted. And then I had a eureka moment: I didn't need to buy it in a bunch of different colors, I could make it in any color I wanted with my copic re-inkers.
This was Halliburton's appeal against the decision of Pumfrey J (here , noted by the IPKat here), that its patent for rotary cone drill bits was invalid for insufficiency. This patent, which concerned force balancing, was addressed to persons who wanted both to design and use simulation systems for drill bit design. The patent used a "rock bit computer model" in order to calculate the dynamics of a rotating bit. Halliburton's patent included claims for a method of designing a roller cone bit, calculating the axial forces acting on the bit and adjusting the design until the same axial force acted on each cutting structure when the bit was in operation, as well as for a drill bit in which the axial forces were so balanced. According to Pumfrey J the patent was void for insufficiency because the claims in effect required the addressee to go to the great effort of developing a computer model to carry out the claimed method. The background to the patent's specification mentioned a paper by one Ma, who had developed computer programs predicting and simulating patterns developed by roller cone bits. According to Halliburton the patent's inventive concept was that the motion of the cones and teeth of the bit should be modelled mathematically, as should the forces acting on the bit and its components, so that downward forces on each cone could be balanced as between the cones, implementation of that idea being essentially a matter of producing a usable computer simulation that, even if only approximate, was sufficiently accurate for practical purposes - or at least not so inaccurate as to be useless.
This should be a clue to anyone who doesn’t believe that Satan is alive and well on earth. The bigger the stink, the bigger the cover up.
Her hair is Harlow gold
Warm few teaspoons of ghee and fry the cashews. Garnish the halwa with the cashews.
the candle bows to the lighthouse
That is mostly the truth. Hush.
I had a lot of dreams about flying. Some of them seemed so real. I’d be standing on top of a couch, I’d jump, and I’d levitate. In some dreams, I’d be in a long off-white empty corridor. I’d make my way through the corridor by levitating.
Indeed, it is due to our choosing to accept or reject
This works too! At this point I remember that in php strings are treated differently depending on how you quote them. You can read more about it on http://www.php.net/manual/en/language.types.string.php
59. River God - Wilbur Smith
As I sit and and write this, I have just found out Aston le Walls has been abandoned (Tuesday 8th May). I was planning to run Sir Percival & Easy Target around the Open Intermediate and Hasty Imp the Intermediate, as none of them have had much match practice recently. Badminton cancelling was such a disapointment, not only for the riders and spectators, but the heartache the organisers must feel after a year of preparation must be awful. At least we can re-schedule and look forward to the rest of the season, they have to organise the clean up operation without even having the buzz of running the event. After chatting with Yogi Breisner about the plans moving forward, we decided to re-route Sir Percival to Chatsworth horse trials (12th -13th May) and Easy Target will go to the CCI4* in Luhmuhlen Germany in June. Chatsworth horse trials have put on another day of dressage on Friday to accomadate the added riders who are aiming for Olympic selection, so we will travel up on Thursday evening after a day of Intermediate at Aston le Walls, weather permitting!
Zenyatta can forget being the Susan Lucci of horses. On her third nomination in a row, Zenyatta finally was named “Horse of the Year” and received the recognition she deserves as one of racing’s greatest mares ever.
No more wondering what to fix for dinner each night. I just look at my list that is hung on the refrigerator door every morning and plan for it early in the day. It has made my evenings go so much smoother.
Their 330ml selection I was unsure whether it had been effected, although I noted Brewdog Punk IPA unchanged at £1.49.
the feeling that what just happened was magnificent,
They discovered they could punch in random numbers on their devices and the recordings were in a foreign language.
On Your Gracile Tiptoe is a fun summer coral creme. It reminds me a lot of Cult Nails Scandalous, only it's a bit pinker and brighter. The flash photo is more colour accurate. I had a hard time with the formula because it was quite thick and sticky so I used 3 coats to even it out. It was really humid when I swatched it though, so that could have been what was making the formula difficult to work with. Applying polish in Christchurch is always so much easier than in Auckland, it's a amazing what a few degrees and drop in humidity does to my lacquers!
For a virtual visit see www.soartgallery.com. For event information call 405/260-1558 and to see the dream in action come to 108 So. Division in Guthrie, OK.
Their representative Ong Ah Teong said the councillors had unanimously decided not to pursue the matter and instead focus their time and energy on serving Penangites.
right now you don't see the price you will pay
Whether it’s Literary Girl, the student council, or the main characters, The Daily Lives of High School Boys has some humorous and interesting thoughts on romanticism, with all perspectives being inherently selfish: “I want to be the hero,” or, “I want this person to fit into my ideal romantic setting.” And why not? Anyone who has ever been a high school boy, or girl, can affirm that they are, indeed, the most selfish creatures of all.
slumber’s ease
Before having Dexter, I was completely anal about this. If I wasn't at least 5 minutes early getting to something, I would stress myself out no end. It took me at least 6 months, if not a year to let go of this one. Try your best to be on time, if you are a couple of minutes late, the world most likely will not go up in a cloud of dust. And if it did, I guess the fact you were late is a little irrelevant anyway.
Basicly:
I am very surprised that such a girly-girl as Jessica would give her baby such a masculine name. I mean, I know it’s a family name but couldn’t she have saved the name for, I don’t know, her future son? Plus, this is the same chick whose major concern during pregnancy was whether her daughter would prefer athletic shoes over strappy heels! Fertiles. Gotta love ‘em!
but this one was fresh and new. And very strange.
We'll end with what is perhaps Moose's favorite image from this picture-perfect week, because it celebrates not only longevity but clever design that tastes as good as it looks. Here is the cake she had made to honor Mr. Delany at the party after Friday's symposium. It's decorated with the image used on publicity for the event:
We witnessed the latest episode in the struggle for the rights of medical cannabis users in the ever-complex land of the United States last week, as Federal agents raided the Oaksterdam University, a marijuana trade school and a nearby cannabis dispensary, both primarily operated by Richard Lee, medical marijuana activist.
But despite or possibly because of the parental disapproval, the stuff was flying off the shelves and I guess teenagers would be too embarrassed to return a T shirt which they thought was grey and then in the daylight turned out to be fluorescent orange...
06 The Musical Box (Sounds Of The Seventies, 10 May 1971)
The Ohio application has a statement that you are swearing to that says, "I desire a legal means to carry a concealed handgun for defense of myself or a member of my family while engaged in lawful activity." I believe that is a pretty good place to start and I think you really have to be careful when you go beyond that and intervene with your gun on behalf of others.
I feel very introspective. I'm tired of the bull crap surrounding me. I just want to look these people in the eyes and yell at the top of my lungs: GROW UP!!!
For adults, the practice of intrusive pat-downs by the TSA further acclimates them to the formerly unacceptable idea that the government has the right to invade their personal space and fondle their genitals under the bogus guise of protecting them from phantom terrorists. It also further undermines the Fourth Amendment and the principle of probable cause.
Babies got the same treatment .. he allowed the pulling , pinching, squealing, giggling babies to come close, touch and sometimes, he even lay down so they could get closer easier.
I am, thankfully, mentally in the right place
Living with the Truth is full of in-jokes, things that one person in a million might get which means that there is literally only one person on the whole planet who will get the book – me. But the simple fact is that I wrote the book for me and for me alone. That anyone else likes it, that people have actually been willing to pay money to read it, has been an unexpected and welcome bonus. You’ve probably seen Shrek. It’s a funny film but many of the jokes are clearly aimed over kids’ heads and that’s the best way to think about a lot of my writing. The critical thing is that the more the writing depends on what the readers bring the bigger the danger that the rest of your audience will miss the joke which is fine as long as they get the point. You don’t need to know any of the stuff I’ve just talked about to find the scenario in the café funny.
One of the first items I tackled on my fall to-do list was decorating the front door, so that I can enjoy it for as long as possible. I started by adding some mums to my planters on the front "step" in pretty fall colors.
Marcus juxtaposes these developments with the broader tone of society at the time. Again, much like Chang reveals the urban decay wrought by New Right economic policies, Marcus demonstrates the misogyny and gendered violence of early 1990s America. Court cases like Penn vs Casey challenged a woman’s right to abortion and placed serious limits on its accessibility, Dan Quayle’s famous Murphy Brown remarks about single mothers, and the public rape and beating of a Central Park jogger in 1989, serve as only three examples marshaled as evidence. Moreover, the infrastructure of women’s clinics and rape centers developed unevenly in cities and suburbs across the nation. In Erotic City, Josh Sides notes that the first wave of women’s rape centers and domestic abuse clinics developed in San Francisco due to rising levels of violence against women and only by the 1980s did a women’s health care infrastructure get replicated in other cities. Considering all the moving parts involved with municipal governance and the declining budgets of the decade, one can imagine some cities failed to develop the level of support that emerged in San Francisco. In this atmosphere and considering the prevalence of sexual violence, Hanna, Erika Reinstein, Tobi Vail, Allison Wolfe, and others articulated a “noisy message of female self empowerment.” (14)
Andy is Australian. He was born in Australia, his name in Andy. He also has a Vietnamese name (Anh) and can speak and understand some Vietnamese (he calls it Vietlish). Both his parents were born in Vietnam. Andy views and understands Vietnam as the foreigner he is; but has his father to explain what is different and strange to Andy.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar was the first book I bought Henri. A caterpillar eats his way through all kinds of foods and then spins a cocoon and turns into a butterfly. I love the innocent awe that children express when they turn that last page and see the beautiful butterfly. The book introduces children to the ideas of transformation and new beginnings.
Then you get spotted with your dick in a piece of cheese by the young retarded lass that Safeway gets to use for free ('cause it's "work experience") to collect the trolleys from the car park and she starts screaming 'cause she's confused and a crowd gathers round, the bobby's come and take you away with the cheese in a zip lock bag, exhibit A. You make the front page of the local paper and have to register as a sex offender although no one got hurt and all the local kids throw Dairylea triangles at your house and call you Mayor McCheese.... Was it really worth it? Ostracized, an outcast, a pariah, it's all over.
Now, not even your best intentions can influence a fed up public, Mr PM. As to this Bersih rally, you’re damned if you crack down on these protesters. They protested cos you didn’t listen to them in the first place. Very embarrassing for you politically and internationally.
Now for the first time in 25 years I am working for an organisation that closes at Christmas and doesn't open again until the new year. Ambulance services, of course, never close, so after all those years of working or being on call at Christmas, it was a delight this year to put on the 'bugger off' message (aka ' Iam out of office...') with a note that I would attend to matters when the campus reopened on Jan 4. As if to emphasise the point, for some unknown reason the IT department expired my account, so I couldn't have worked during the holiday even if I wanted to.
The classes’ core content boils down to four core areas (as I see it):
And I wouldn’t catch you hung up on somebody that you used to know
“Everything’s real-time,” he says in a raspy voice with a thick, singsong accent, emphasizing certain vowels unexpectedly, so he sounds a little like an Indian Christopher Walken. “Everything’s event-driven. It’s all about the data.” He looks out over the bay, waves his hand over the wheel, and says that if you take all the data that was generated from the dawn of man to, say, the day Barack Obama became president, that’s x. And then if you add up all the data that’s been generated since then, in just three years, that’s 10x. We are drowning in data.
It might have something to do with some of video’s inherent weaknesses, some of its problems at the moment that keep it from being a good at elegy and an effective vehicle for mourning. The work of Jim Hodges, for example, uses imitations of nature as well – plastic flowers. Like the aquarium and the Steinkamp piece, the flowers are a copy of nature. Like the aquarium, you could call them kitsch. They feel cheap. However, the history of those plastic flowers (their accumulation in roadside memorials, the sense of sadness that their faded colors convey in a cemetery, the fact that they are only appropriate when presented to the dead) become features of the materials, and thus the plastic flowers as material (caught up in that history) carries the elegiac message effectively. That said, I think that Hodges’ curtains of flowers are quite effective as elegies in a way that the Steinkamp piece was not.
Hipstamatic forces the user to function within parameters assigned to lens and camera type (electronically simulated) and shoots only in square images which are ideal for blog posts.
But the craziness will have to let me go for a week in June because.....
There were you betrothed;
Less than one week before the NATO Summit begins, eight protesters were arrested Monday, May 14, 2012, at Chicago’s Prudential Plaza.
Brad Gates Catering & Events "Duck & goat cheese dumplings with sweet & sour peach sauce" This was yummy. The dumpling was a sort of wonton and there was also some sort of slaw that the wonton was served on. Definitely an intriguing blend of flavors.
By the way, Jason Gray-Stanford who played Lt. Randy Disher on Monk is a lefty.
Acne is a complex beauty issue as it can be aggravated by many factors. In my book I explain the different types of acne and their causes - for example, some break outs are caused by inflammation, while others are caused by dehydration. One thing I think is important is to know that acne is not simply caused by bacteria or clogged pores, they are a symptom of some other imbalance.
Why I love it so much? I think it touches a nerve - no, not a nerve but an emotion inside of me so deep that a whole concerto of feelings are brushed as I fight back the waves of response and reaction not only the lyrics, but the depth of the raw force of angst bursting out of the songs lyrics.
“We have to hurry Em! Being by the faerie ring when it’s not exactly noon will make this a pointless venture.”
We could not believe our eyes when the sticker said $225.
#3 Mark Sanford
A big merci beaucoup to everyone who helped, supported and believed in our little brewery. We also want to thank everyone who has tried our beer – keep calling us with the interesting food pairing recommendations.
We're thinking we might have a whole week dedicated to
The deli case at Nosher Rye is vast, and virtually everything is made in-house. There’s a huge array of salads and sides to go with your sandwiches and platters. The restaurant also does a pretty significant catering and take-out business, just in case you want to nosh in the privacy of your own home.
My husband and I spent several months looking for a church when we moved to a new area. You can read a little about our experiences here and here. We finally decided that we were not going to find The Perfect Church and that we needed to just pick one and make an effort to be part of the community of God.
Kage
Paragraph IV – Conclusion
The other school of thought said that Redknapp has been doing such a bang up job of managing the mighty you-know-whos that it would be better for everyone if he stayed and took them down next season.
Mamiffer is the project of husband-and-wife duo Aaron Turner (whom you may remember from such acts as Isis and House of Low Culture) and Faith Coloccia (former Everlovely Lightningheart). Mamiffer’s 2008 debut full-length, Hirror Enniffer (Hydra Head) was an otherworldly exploration marked with unfamiliar, often uncomfortable pairings, such as a simple, clean piano melody layered over a menacing cloud of grey fuzz.
sources about what Cuba
As you can see, the centre of the tree was effectively mush and despite not getting much in the way of usable firewood from this decomposing beauty, this delightful “mush” will rot down quickly when the wrens and hens have finished picking at it and will improve the soil in this area
Going oop north to West Yorkshire for todays offering to the IPA gods and these guys are the only British brewery to be sponsoring the International IPA Day.
Suddenly, us and our pops were shivering out in the smelly New Orleans rain without a song. Somehow, we'd all have to get back home to Worcester. Zub's pop said we could afford to bus it as far as Kentucky, but then we'd have to hitch. Unkgee had sold us right down the line.
Itching also may be caused when hookworm larvae penetrate the skin. This type of itching includes swimmer’s itch, creeping eruptions caused by cat or dog hookworm, and ground itch caused by the “true” hookworm.
In the bonus round each team takes turns naming one item. If you are wrong, then the other team has to name one. If they can, then they win. If they can’t , then it starts all over again. The other team went first. I can’t remember what the headband kid said, but it was wrong. It was some name that I had never heard before. Jessica and I looked at each other, puzzled. I knew models, but I wasn’t for sure who had been on the Sport’s Illustrated cover. Jessica wasn’t sure either. I was like, “What the heck”. “Elle McPherson”, I said. We were informed that we were correct. Another win.
Summer can be a lot of things, it can be sprinklers and floaties and Cheez-Its in a sack lunch. It might be sandal tan lines. If we're lucky, it'll be watermelon granita.
All of these same meanings are found in the New Testament… Christ is the Saviour of the world (John 4:42). Christ is the prince of the life of this world (Acts 3:15) and is still the life of this world. Christ is the bread (food) of life (John 6:35). Christ is the food of the living (1 John 1:1). Christ is the Governor of the abode of Him who lives (Matthew 28:18, John 3:35). Christ is the revealer of secrets (Matthew 13:11,17). Christ is the man to whom secrets are revealed (John 14:24).
This is a linen rayon blend, one of my favorites. I am a sucker for rayon, but add some linen to that and I'm hooked. Did I mention it was only $4 a yard. The weave in this fabric is absolutely amazing. Check it out:
Now I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again, I have no real love for the national side…the team I care about and love is Manchester United – but that doesn’t mean I want England FC to get humiliated at every tournament staged.
These prints, from www.fab.com are a fitting tribute to the genius. Eclectic and richly detailed. The video below is a quirky history of Shakespeare and his influence on the English language.
Welcome to All About Boys Blog Hop day 1 of 2! If you have come from Haidee's blog you are right on track if not you can start at the beginning HERE. This hop starts at 8:00 am this morning. I am so glad you joined us today! Boy themed projects seem harder to come by so that is why we have dedicated TWO whole days to nothing but boys! Hopefully you are able to walk away with some fabulous ideas in mind. We have a lot of very talented people that will be sharing their projects with you and what would a hop be without a little prize at the end.....?
I'm so obsessed with the blouse + shorts combination! I just absolutely fell in love with the mint green colour of this blouse- combined with the white shorts I just felt so fresh and clean that day :P
4. Gordon Biersch Blonde Bock
Moving on....
(i) Publicity and transparency in the entire adjudicative process;
Don’t misunderstand me: I did have a great childhood – it probably couldn’t have been better!! Except one or two things I can’t get over with… one of those things was my parent’s urgent need to hike. (InSwitzerland”hiking” is considered to be a Hobby – which I personally easily could do without – but unfortunately my parents did not share my opinion) This means, that every year from spring to fall I was whipped up the mountains and hills to visit every possible alpine pasture there is to see…
Oggie chose to color the rice blue and yellow and green, all cool colors (not warm colors), plus blue and yellow makes green.
enervation.
For years I kept an eye on the Old Woman, listened in when I heard her speaking to others. Sometimes she spoke to the trees. I wondered if they spoke back to her. If they did, I couldn’t hear them. But she talked to them like old friends, had conversations. Her face was like the crinkled bark of a tree. Sometimes I wondered that she’d spent so long among them she was becoming one.
the children started 2 weeks of school holidays on Friday,
This book was well written in concepts and descriptions, but I felt that the book was a tad bit choppy and off topic at times. Due to the novella factor, character development was scant and on a need to know basis. Leaving a few gaps in the story.
We are celebrating reaching 20,000 Facebook Fans and would love for you to join us in celebrating. We are partnering with FabNab on this great giveaway. We will be giving away a prize package valued at over $250 and possibly more than $500!
Two thieves, who only steal what has already been stolen, change her life forever. They hold a key to the truth of Leck’s reign. And one of them, with an extreme skill called a Grace that he hasn’t yet identified, holds a key to her heart.
He nodded, ‘I see.’ He made a hand motion and the manager appeared at my side.
Diane Louise
drum roll....
into the big puffy coat that now has a happy purpose
ODIs- 98, Wickets- 146, Avg- 18.84, 4W- 5, Best- 5/31
This week I have a card to show you:
4. Ease of getting PR and citizenship:
Sparrow
Tom Casson sent me his zine Financially Hard Times after checking the last zine review. This 'lo-fi' monthly zine is about the current economic situation, as you might have guessed... but from a sarcastic and really funny point of view.
Four of the samurai under your command rescued me from the Purity of Fire, and then battled the bandit group. One of your troops was killed, as were several villagers, and one of my favorite oxen was struck by a stray arrow, but most horrifically a large portion of my valuable merchandise was damaged in the battle. This was very upsetting to me, but as a loyal Crab, I am aware that sometimes a pragmatic sacrifice must be made in order to survive. I thought about including an invoice with this letter for the fine Kaiu forged armor that one of your men decided to use as a club, as the kabuto is now hopelessly dented and thus must be sold as used, but my son begged me not to and pointed out that if I were to have been murdered by bandits, I would not be able to sell any of our remaining merchandise at all. Every now and then young people will manage to come up with something wise.
Over the last two days, the headaches that have plagued me almost constantly for a few weeks, let up. I have also had more energy and less of a questionable stomach. To celebrate, I made a HUGE mess in my mom's sewing room. She doesn't mind though because, well, she doesn't know. She's on vacation. And Mom, if you read this, I promise it'll all be back to normal before you get back. :)
The next day was his bone marrow biopsy and lumbar puncture. Good news is that for the first time ever he did not need airway support while going under general anesthesia. No intubating, no LMA, no nothing. Just a bit of repositioning every now and then. This combined with the fact that for the last 4 surgeries/procedures he has had no severe waking up issues makes me think that he has turned the corner where anesthesia is concerned. Bad news is his lumbar puncture showed his opening pressure higher than it was in late August, which means that his intracranial hypertension is worse, and that trying to reduce his medication a few months ago didn't work. So the doctor ordered the dose back to the original strength while we wait to follow up with him. After that came a chat with Hematology. That doctor wanted to wait to start the Neupogen injections so that she could track Tomas' neutrophil count while he was healthy. I agreed because I wanted to see if adding in the second Ethanol lock per week would make a difference. Then she did it, she said "After all, it is already the 23rd, you are only a few days away from making the whole month." Ack, that was it. Now I had to respond. "Yes", I squeeked out, hoping the omnipresent One wasn't. That was Thursday.
A postscript: I've resisted pointing out that Shit on Your Play had, up to the publication of the Global Mail article, (after this flash of notoriety, who knows what will happen?), gained as many hits - or maybe pageloads - in its entire life as TN averages in a month, because saying so lays me open to the kind of attacks that claim I wrote this because my nose has been put out of joint. But put it this way: the West End Whingers began to attract wider notice in the press because they were so popular. If SOYP were a similar popular phenomenon, the attention paid would not be puzzling at all, and there would be a different sort of argument.
- All the kids had whooping cough. Sian ended up in hospital with complications and pneumonia.
Nick is the easy one (in this instance….typically he is far more complicated). He is an Honor Caddy at the Winsome Golf Course, so he spends 5-6 days a week caddying (this is his fifth summer as “a looper, you know, a caddy” ~ Caddyshack). It’s actually an awesome gig. He’s at the shack by 6:50am, signs in and hopes to get a bag. He usually gets out, and is home by 2pm, most of the time. This is only his second summer driving. Over the previous three years we would drive him to the golf course in the morning, with his bike in tow (one of his friends would always tell me, as I was unloading Nick’s bike from the trunk of our SUV, that Nick could ride his bike to the caddy shack, that I didn’t have to drive him every day. I did, actually, because that is one of the pleasures of being a mom. Sometimes I would bring him lunch too. Scandalous!). After his loop, he would ride his bike the four miles home, almost always stopping at this hamburger joint (where all the caddies hang out) for a hamburger, fries and a chocolate shake. The perfect summer; caddying, golfing, hockey and driving yourself, what else could a boy ask for?
He whose face gives no light, shall never become a star.
~ Mary Burgess
Let’s see how it goes, but I’ll never forget one thing above all else: I’ve been especially lucky in a lot of things I do.
N- the model agnostic returns, ‘Whatever philosophical standpoint one may adopt today, from every point of view the erroneousness of the world in which we think we live ins the surest and firmest fact that we can lay eyes on…’ I am not entirely clear yet as to how N- argues this point, but familiar arguments today are the historical and the scientific: common sense is not now what it has always been, and it is not in accord with our ‘best science’ either. If one comes to this (obvious in N-’s opinion) conclusion, ‘whoever takes this world, along with space, time, form, movement, to be falsely inferred– anyone like that would at least have ample reson to learn to be suspicious at long last of all thinking. Wouldn’t thinking have upt over on us the biggest hoax yet? And what warrant would there be that it would not continue to do what it has always done?’ The primary tension I feel in statements of this sort is the addition of the judgement ‘falsely inferred’, because it seems to me that if you’re position is one of agnosticism, why also appeal to absolute epistemological terms? For me, it’s not that the findings of common sense are ‘false’ (though they may be) it’s that they are not justifiably assertable, we have good reasons to suspect them, as N- says.
Actually, I *totally* forgot about getting punched, but it sure was fun giving him crap when I was reminded.
18. These Boots Are Made for Walking
Before your pots can feel the burning thorns,
But, my hubby got me an iPad and I am going to try to at least blog on here if I don't make it to the laptop.
Dina looked at Janis. “The same old Rick?”
As the Scriptures say,
You can add other questions but this will give you a start to determine the direction you want to go. You can still feel good about your decision instead of feeling resentful because you accepted this project because you felt like you were under pressure.
39. Transylvania Polka - The Count (from Sesame Street)
Actual FG: 1.009
The unique place occupied by mill workers in the history, identity and culture of Mumbai makes their demand for space to survive in the city a perfectly logical and justifiable one.
The kicker to my sales pitch: When you rent this shithole, you get the world’s worst landlord. Not only will she be condescending and rude, but also she’ll attempt to break the lease when things aren’t convenient for her.
Similar to his father, who was both an artist and an activist, Kuti is equally involved in fighting for justice, equity and a corruption-free Nigeria as he is an advocate for an innovative, prosperous, united Africa where peace reigns.
More of that lemon sherbet is showing up as the beer warms, it's interlaced with that Cascade grapefruit flavour and it all sits on top of that biscuity malt. Very nice indeed. As it gets warmer I'm either going mad or there's a kinda almondy, marzipan like aroma there. That will sound nuts**, but if you're drinking along, it might make sense.
Try and picture if you will….
The advanced SDM (Supersonic Direct-drive Motor) autofocus mechanism has a supersonic motor installed inside the lens barrel which ensures a smooth, quiet autofocus operation.
The yellow flower is a single-type thing. Those sing long feather earrings are popular and, since my friend has a ton of them, they might look cool paired with the giant stud.
In a country that comprises of Bollywood fans and Cricket fans, clashing the two pseudo-religions always meant a bad idea. In fact, since the inception of IPL, every year, filmmakers in Bollywood would postpone the release of their films until the IPL season got over and done with. But this year, it seems that things have changed. We are not seeing a lull in the B-town releases.
Yesterday I heard one of the Grape Men ask another one to help him push an empty wheelbarrow from one side of the lot to another. When the other bloke said “Why? Why you move it?” the reply was “Do I need a fuck reason?” and everyone laughed. Including me.
Very quickly members were given practical instruction in how to warp a peg loom and begin to weave. Jacqueline provided many ideas and examples as to the versatility of these simple, portable looms. Pen Coed textiles provide a variety of looms by mail order and all of these are made to a high standard of finish by Jacqueline’s husband. The ‘Combi’ looms are rather ingenious and have three sizes of pegs all on the same solid base. This is excellent value for money in comparison to other Peg Looms available and ‘Pen Coed Textiles’ have applied for the patent on this design of loom. Peg Looms are not a new idea but the single loom containing three sizes of pegs is an innovative and versatile design introduction to the ‘weaving market’ enabling the Peg Loom Weaver to produce a wide range of fabrics from a single loom.
What: Our World Unseen photographic exhibition launch
June 2012 – August 2012
(Helpful graphic from New York Times)
* The color scheme (orange, brown (or grey), cream, green) These colors work beautifully for Halloween and Thanksgiving cards
What would cracked me up was Sarge would drop a comment here and there on her blog. He never let her get away with too much.
1 Thessalonians 2:13-20 (NRSV)
I am absolutely amazed at the support shown in the last post. It proves, yet again, what a close and caring community we have here. I wish I could give you a hug, or shake your hand, but all I can do is say thank you.
April 11, 2012
Consider the Philippines, almost 100% Catholic, flung into secularism by the Council, and now challenged and battered by a tiny Muslim minority insisting on–what? An Islamic religious state, of course. Because the secular one they have left, after the Council, is depraved. If the Church would rescind the false teaching of Dignitatis humanae and step up and take Her place as the formal inspiration for the government, many of the most disturbing features of secularism–abortion, contraception, divorce, gay marriage, and uncontrolled fiscal predation on the poor–would be settled. The unborn and families would be protected once again. Other steps could follow.
Yes. I always loved to read. I spent a lot of time in the library because I usually lived with my grandparents and their book selection had real page turners like The Life of Boswell--you know, the guy who wrote diaries and bios for famous people in the 1700's. A few paragraphs of old Boswell and I was nose down in the book. I did use it to teach myself how to type though. That saved me a semester of Typing1. Thanks, Boswell.
1/2 pound sliced country ham
The salmon complete the cycle of their lives by a homecoming that brings birth. In this, there is splendour in the triumph of the new birth which comes from dying. For those who make the ultimate sacrifice in our upstream human struggle, let it be for love and rebirth. May our lives honour them, and the ideals for which they gave their lives.
We plied the length and breadth of the town and had some snacks on the way, and eventually roosted by night.
The 1964 election in Smethwick shows where the persecutions can lead. An offensive slogan had been used during the election campaign and posted on walls “If you want a N***** for a neighbour, vote Labour”. Harold Wilson attributed this to Conservative candidate Peter Griffiths, when being interviewed by Robin Day on Panorama of 9th March 1964. After the Election, now Prime Minister, Wilson broke from his address on the Queen's speech to insult the victorious Griffiths by calling him a “Parliamentary Leper”, who would be shunned in the House. This breached the convention that new members be protected until after their Maiden speech. Just two weeks before polling Griffiths was de-humanised in the Birmingham Post, and the Times whose Midland correspondent wrote, ”It is abhorrent to all Conservatives and officials of stature to whom I have talked.” He did not say to whom he had talked! He headed his column of the 12th, “Vile – it's all in Black and White.” As the election result was announced the Marxist Bishop of Southwark, called the electorate “unchristian”, and the Bishop of Chelmsford attacked local voters yet this was a model of democracy - a local man fighting on a local issue elected by local people. The unelected Bishops lived far away in fabulous palaces insulted them on a priori ideological grounds. State broadcaster the BBC took American Black Power leader Malcolm X to Smethwick for current affairs programme “Tonight”. He told the world’s media,” I have come here because I am disturbed by reports that coloured people in Smethwick are being badly treated. I have heard they are being treated as the Jews under Hitler. I would not wait for the Fascist element in Smethwick to erect gas ovens.” That was what the BBC had told him! They denied having taken him there but Mayor C V Williams investigated: “I was most amazed at the finesse shown by the BBC. I was told the car was not a BBC car but it was owned by one of the directors.” Malcolm X told the Times that the BBC had taken him. This led to a bomb being planted outside Mr.Griffiths’ home on 26th October 1965. (4)
Me: You still want to get married again at some point?
Pop wellies and shoes in a bag.
There is also a sliding scale of greater discounts on their products up to a 20% discount on beer and merchandise from their website for any investment over £285.
What I came up with was that I did a lot of stalking and supporting others. I actively grabbed people who I thought were kindred spirits, and I still spend a lot of time trying to figure out what will help get others to the next level. I never have the time to do everything that I wish I could, but I help when I can. I hope it's enough.
The specially adapted mobile unit comes complete with a platform lift and wheelchair recliner to enable disabled access, and allows the patient to remain in safety and comfort of their own wheelchair at all times throughout the treatment.
Our next war to cover in a week or so: The Mexican American War, can you guess who fought in it and when? True trivia here…….. And the Battle of the Alamo!
But it would be naive of me not to have that desire to come back upon seeing emotionally piercing scenarios unfold right in front of me.
2 pursuing
The holds, the holds I send is a hold of grace
Totally forgot how much I hoped Samantha would fall down a tall flight of stares. Between her and Scary Bradshaw, there was so much weird face going on. Watching her is like putting your hand through a potato ricer. It’s like an alien incubated the body of a sorority girl but hasn’t figured out how to work the face yet. Like Men in Black shit. She squeaks like a “chihuahua” and then makes faces like she smelled a nasty fart. That’s her in a nutshell.
Today I want to share with you one of the fun things I like to make. I love making these cute door hangers and in fact I made one for each of my grandchildren for Christmas and they loved them! This one has the cutest little girl image from Paperbag Studios.
But, time passed and she is better now.
Of late, there has been market talk, perhaps some of it justified, that a good collaboration need not necessarily have a share swap given the changing dynamics of the aviation industry that has proven to be detrimental to MAS and part of the reason that has led to massive losses reported in its latest financial year.
The conservative news site the Daily Caller and the blog the Wagist claim they have unearthed a Twitter account, which has since been taken down, that belonged to the teen.
All in all the Police were not the ones at fault here. They were being misled by a liar and a cheat and wild accusations by those on a social mission or "witch hunt"
- I am OBSESSED with paranormal TV shows. I watch them everyday. Want to know a secret? I don't believe in ghosts. Yet, I can't stop the paranormal. Also I hate scary movies. I just don't understand myself sometimes.
250g icing sugar, sifted
Did you ever wonder about the resiliency of nature? How, through it all, such amazing life flourishes? In those moments I feel so small and insignificant, yet important and instrumental.
Morning, Wednesday. Nice to see you again. Been a week since last time. How have you been? So and so? Ok. I’ve been mostly rather good. A bit busy, a bit in pain and I’ve had some fun.
I have a little sign that was my motto in years past. (I'm still recovering from the post-Christmas transition and can't find it...) Please tell me I'm not the only one who is just now putting away glittery things! Moving on --the sign says God, Grace, Gratitude. I've used this sign for years to remind me of the importance of gratitude. Anytime I'm in a bad mood it usually stems from self-pity. Shall we wallow a while? My furniture is getting old and some of it even broken, there's dog hair all over the floor, the laundry is endless, there's more bills to pay..._________________ (put your wallow here)...and on and on it goes.
Stylistically I'd like it to be set in the future but the culture kind of stagnated around the 90s. (People still have beepers but they can send texts, no internet is widely available, shoulderpads galore!)
All in all - the 'sure bet' turned out to be a bit of a gamble - luckily "Designer" is a close friend who doesn't mind experimenting with new places with me, otherwise, anyone looking to bring a guest they are trying to impress would be taking a risk with some elements of the experience.
Okay, I’ll admit it. I love it too! My husband is an inventor and an out-of-the-box kind of guy and so any story along those lines just totally matches up with our family!
Play around with Cart-Wheels and One Legged Squats while the little ones play. Followed by:
the smallest things can make us feel better about ourselves,
Shake 1 tablespoon of the flour into the cake pan, and shake it around so it sticks to the butter. Tap out any excess flour that doesn't stick to the parchment or to the sides of the pan.
The story itself is something of a rollarcoaster whizing about all over the place at breakneck speed. This ensures the reader doesn’t get bored and keeps the story flowing nicely. The story itself is very entertaining full of excellently rendered characters and some brilliant monsters and villains. The main character is very likeable which makes it easy for the reader to will him onwards.
The First Lady praised CentroNia for the use of the MyPlate guidelines for food service, as well as the use of local public parks for recreational activities, and said these are things that other facilities can adopt, too.
We are having our annual Superbowl get together with friends this evening so I'm off to eat some "not so healthy" food, hrm, I mean watch the game !
Quote
So, teenager and I went back to the cart and its adoring crowd.
SPOON cooled filling into pre-baked crust
-this entire afternoon-
The kind they gave you was not what you please
itself is quite new to me. I had a bad junior high school home economics apron-sewing experience, and was intimidated by sewing machines for most of my younger adult life; I finally conquered that a few years ago when I took a series of (garment) sewing courses, and my regular reading of blogs started with following
I expect this team to get beyond the second round! At a minimum, that's the kind of step forward we should expect from a team that has spent the majority of the season in first place of both the Atlantic Division, and the Eastern Conference. And if you believe in natural progression, then getting beyond the second round is also the next logical step for this club.
Belle's apartment is in a
1. Warm up by jogging slowly for half a mile.
510 ***D-V/11-15(C)/1956. “Aeschylean Tragedy: On the Oresteia.” Fundamentals Examination, The Committee on Social Thought, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-7, above, pp. 109-18 (1997).)
Grayson barked, “He. She. They. It doesn’t matter. Whoever it was would have been watching her to find the opportune moment, and my absence worked right into their plan. They could have been observing her movements from a hidden location…say the tunnels. For all we know, her captors might have masqueraded as hotel staff just long enough to accomplish their mission. Call the concierge. We need the police.”
Looking at the numbers: Cousins, 6-foot-10 and a trimmed down 270 pounds, averaged 18 points, 11 rebounds and shot 44 percent in 30 minutes per game in his breakout second season. The Indiana Pacers’ Hibbert, who is 7-foot-2 and a better defender, has career averages of 12.8 points, 8.8 rebounds and 2.0 blocks in 29.8 minutes. One other distinguishing factor – Cousins is a terrific passer and the superior offensive player, which would be a major asset on a team that spaced the floor and had abundant shooters. Of course, he is still trying to overcome his image as a troublesome teammate and negative locker room presence. A year ago, some of the characterizations were legitimate. He still needs to stop barking at the refs and temper his reactions – the frowns, the head shakes, the dramatic gestures – but he is not the ogre many perceive.
But let's think about where the heart of love is.
So far, his sons are known more for their jet-setting life-styles and fondness for women rather than commitment to political work and serving the people.
Yes, all is RIGHT with your future gifts to the beauty, grace, and survival of the planet (Reagan can see to this single-handedly;) BUT isn't there a lustful Daddy wish in your heart?
Sadly, the most meaningful thing that most humans will do is procreate which, incidentally, is the most meaningful thing that animals — like the Magellanic penguin, for example — will do. Unlike the Magellanic penguin, however, humans aren’t endangered. In fact, we are parasites and it would probably be more meaningful if we didn’t procreate. So what is the point?
7. Toad Lillie Vixen High-Waist Panty with Detachable Garters: These high-waisted, stretch silk charmeuse, vintage style panties pull double duty by also providing hosiery solutions for your attire. However, if you choose not to wear any stockings, the garters are fully detachable and the underpants are still just as fetching with their Hollywood glamour design. All of Toad Lillie’s handmade lingerie is produced with the utmost attention to detail and luxury which makes these underpinnings the perfect match for this outfit!
We have been using this cute little giraffe WubbaNub with baby Harold off and on since he was born. I want to make sure he doesn't just come to me for soothing when he needs to suck. The children love to give him his WubbaNub when he is sitting in the carseat fussing. Hannah wants to make sure he is not crying, it is so cute. Grandma is also a big fan of the WubbaNub. She kept saying that she had never seen anything like it and it was so cute.
Random bits:
"I just think that you need to talk to the officer and tell him to have a little understanding and maybe show some common sense. I mean, he was right there when I parked and he could have told me not to park there."
Fun fun.
We’re starting to see the first Tegra 3-powered devices touch down now, but the Acer Iconia Tab A200 still relies on the Nvidia Tegra 2 chip to keep things smooth.
It wasn’t a pain, really. It didn’t ache. It felt like an overuse situation, which is somewhat understandable. Nonetheless, I wish it would disappear. I am hoping it will. In fact, I am confident it will. I have come too far to break the streak now. If I can run 42 days in a row, I can do more. I do tend to be overambitious. Heck, I am already thinking I should go for 1,000 days in a row. But that is ridiculous at this point. Let’s get to 50 days first, then 100. After that, we an talk. This soreness is, as I said, not welcome. It keeps me from dreaming big. It checks me. In some ways that is good, but I like to dream big. Who wants things boring?
2) they are part of a networking group/shared interest
I often make brief notations in books. But I remark to my wife how silly it is to high-light, underline and star everything. As this only cancels out their value of pointing out the point. For now (unless one has a photographic memory) one must re-read everything to find it again.
Published - 2012
Notes: Please use the best possible cocoa available. Dutch processed would be ideal.
... which means we need to clean everything so that it looks halfway acceptable!
Through it all, we’ve become a little more soulful and in touch with ourselves, other people and the power of a place to change lives. Italy is certainly that. It represents the chance and realization that Nature has the ability to deal a devastating blow, jeopardizing an entire way of being, while holding the wisdom and patience to hope for another harvest.
Watching over the surrealistic scene is a bunch of British tourists -- and members of the Boerevolk. The scene takes place at Amajuba mountain, just 10km outside Volkrust on the border of Mpumalanga and KwaZulu-Natal.
the fox himself stands watchful at the edge of a clearing, surveying
“That must be why you’re so pretty,” said Joe.
Part of the reason we come up with these (sometimes) clever sayings is to keep everyone - ourselves included - focused on the simple facts:
And crushed it down
Then again, maybe she’s wrong. Maybe they will release her. Meanwhile, the walls seem solid, but Harold and his friends have given her some CDs and a nice, large mirror. Maybe she can cut her own way out instead.
I was asked recently to explain some of the big fears I have about the future, and I wrote a horrible paranoid screed that probably has scared her away from me for good. So, I thought I would re-write it in a more organized and sensible way.
7. Phil Ford’s first treatment for his special was a sword and sorcery story called “A Midwinter’s Tale”, featuring an alien princess who’s come to Earth to be married. It all ended up with much chasing around through secret corridors underneath Buckingham Palace.
It looks like I received my wish :-) Today should be known as Love Sunday.
grenier: grenier
that folks --
Dirty George was named for an exceedingly dirty man who first settled on its banks. Mrs. James Stell hoping, perhaps to encourage him to develop cleaner habits once gave him several bars of soap. He promptly returned them to her saying” You’d better keep this ma’am, I ain’t got any use for them.”
1 sweet potato (or just use 3 Yukons) (cut into bite sized chunks)
Have you heard of the indie brand, Whimsical Ideas by Pam? You seriously need to check it out, her collection of polish is so fun, girly, and oh so glittery. Even her bottles are adorable, I love the labels and bows. Today, I'm going to show you I Believe in Fairies. It's a sheer purple glitter that's meant for layering in my opinion. It has tiny holographic glitter particles in a very light and sheer purple jelly base with medium pink and white (they look silver to me) stars.
Homemade "Stadium" ice cream (vanilla-Dortmunder ice cream with caramel ribbon, salted peanuts) paired with South Texas Lager
Real quick post this morning....
Now, this obviously gets into the issue of what has been historically summarized by the theological term “Trinity.” God’s divinity is unique, but He is three persons: Father, Son, Holy Spirit.
I hope everyone has a nice day, or night, whatever the case may be.
Several of my professional friends have been gays and lesbians, I hired the first openly gay editor at a newspaper where I worked and lost another gay friend -- who was married and closeted -- in the early 1980s to what we later came to understand was AIDS.
Of course, what the fuck would I know about that?
-The Double Misfit Wearing Kelley
Have a great Friday – so close to the weekend I can smell it!
If the Swedish Poet Thomas Tranströmer said: “I carry within myself all my old faces like a tree has its growth rings”*.
Guthrie: OMG Wisconsin may finally
Ariel tries not to groan.
Anna shortly after arriving that Sunday.
Each "Fact/Fiction" event will be at the Brooklyn Historical Society's Othmer Library, 128 Pierrepont St. Entry comes with price of admission: $6 adults; $4 students, teachers and seniors; free for members and children under 12.
Sorry.
untimely death could have been
Denmark, of course, is an exception to much of what I described above. Denmark has chosen to resist Islamization to a far greater degree than any other Western country.
director behind Silent Running (1972) and the effects work on Kubrick’s 2001: A Space Odyssey (1969) was going to direct it; that project fell through; yet the project kept on going through various possible directors and rewrites. The short story in which the film was going to be based on was called ‘Air Raid’ by John Varley, yet the project was in development hell for so long that John Varley had plenty of time to expand the short story into a novel, which he printed in 1983. Finally the project came together and directing duties fell upon Michael Anderson, the director behind the multi award winning Around the
Then he sees it, the little ‘x’ to mark a private message and he opens it up.
MY PROTECTOR: THE CALLING
I think there are a few things that we have to be ready to do when there is that moment of stupidity with our kids. First, remember they are young and will do stupid stuff. My line to my wife is "he's only _____ years old." We have to keep that in mind because sometimes our kids seem like they are very mature and then they act like a kid again and we don't understand what happened. We have to be ready for them to act like kids.
Today my boss walked up to me and asked me how I was doing. Using my generic, “I’m fine” he proceeded to ask me if I still wanted to transfer. I told him I was of course still wanting to, and that I wanted to move during the summer, so I could get settled.
Alison was kind enough to provide a quick snap of my outfit and the dancing meant I got to road test (?) my shoe boots. Fingers crossed all goes well for Nottingham Invasion next week. I just hope it's not quite so windy and cold! ;-)
If you know any music or electronics geek --or even better, an electronic music geek-- then buy them this calendar and give them plenty of alone time with it. For those who don't know, the Moog is an analog synthesizer whose devotees are almost as cultish as Mac people. (Bob Moog Foundation)
I have received a lovely cross stitch Christmas Card from my dear friend Mary Grace in Malta. In fact I also have last years on display as well. Thank you so much Mary Grace.
The postage stamp in 1959 cost only 4 cents. With the current price of a stamp at 41 cents, we are lucky to have free Internet access.
I am getting a few leaves that something is eating on, as well as some small lighter blotches. I don't see any bugs or larvae during anytime of the day except maybe late night? See the images below.
The Wilbur examples I'm still not completely sure about. I lean towards the first, ie keep the 'that', because although the second might flow better, it doesn't quite sound right. Or maybe it does. Or maybe it doesn't.
If there is an ideal age when girls should reach puberty, no one knows what it is, said Dr. Marcia E. Herman-Giddens, a researcher at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill. A girl needs a certain amount of body fat to start menstruating, and girls who are malnourished or ill may have delayed puberty.
I posted before about the Biggest Loser competition that I organized at school. You can read about it here. I promised I would update you when it was over so here it is.
Still, the machinations of marketers are not the only difficulty that has to be faced here. Certain inborn habits of the human mind, even in the absence of modern mass media or the equivalent, tend to leave a nasty trap in the way of the aspiring mage, or for that matter anybody else who recognizes that there’s something wrong with the worldview of a dysfunctional culture. Enough of my readers may have one or another part of their anatomy caught in the jaws of this particular trap that it’s probably wisest to follow the approach standard in magical instruction—that is, to present the model as an abstraction first, and only then move into the potentially controversial territory of actual examples.
03. Cool rules - Auratones ft. Gerard Presencer / 3:46
TBD:
of my father and his father, of that other
What's one piece of advice you would give aspiring authors?
Penn State: Big Ten Champion should be worth something, right?
“And so you’re going for what sort of look here…?”
David Morris » Food Photographer
Think of it like this: Would you rather have four FREE small tubes of toothpaste? Or one large tube for which you had to pay money out of pocket? Twenty FREE trial/travel-sized packages of cold medicine? Or one large bottle for several dollars?
Through this collective exercise in metacognition, the teacher helps the students confront the meaning of learning and draw out its connotations.
As well as our conducted tour into the East, of course we went there independently, not through the privileged vehicular crossing point of Checkpoint Charlie, but through the pedestrian frontier at Friedrichstrasse station. You got your passport taken away from you, then you sat on hard rows of seats in a huge hall with the number they'd given you instead. I didn't think I'd hear my number called out, and was scared I'd be there forever. At last I was called in, stared at, required to state why I was not wearing glasses as in the photograph - I was wearing contact lenses - and finally released, having exchanged the obligatory six D-marks for Ost-marks. (Eastern Marks)Actually, though less high-tech, it was quite like going through airport security nowadays, but I wasn't used to that kind of thing then.
Saturday, we headed back to Orlando to attend my sorority's Formal, or Sapphire Ball as we call it. I had frantically searched for a dress, and finally found a hot pink Jessica Mcclintock short dress that I loved. My boyfriend, Jordan, found a light pink shirt and matching striped tie, paired with a brand new pair of classic black and white converse. During the event, superlatives were awarded, and I was awarded the title of Best Dressed :) Overall, they were such fun events, and I had a great time this weekend!
The banquet will be this Friday afternoon and I’m looking forward to it. We’ve got some great gifts prepared for our director and accompanist and the fellow officers. We’ve got a slideshow ready for people and are prepared for lots of laughter and reflection on past memories. It’s going to be a great time of fellowship.
In a sleight of hand, the bases will be called Afghan military bases. This is a facade. The bases will keep U.S. troops and equipment in the country. The bases will be paid for by U.S. dollars. This is nothing other than a rebranding of the occupation of this geostrategically located country in South Central Asia.
It is then no surprise that Christian Bale's favorite portrayal of Batman is that of Michael Keaton, since, even though they reflected different worlds and genres, shared important core characteristics of the Modern Age era Batman
Voice mail is available with 8 or 16 hours of storage capability and up to 8 ports of system interface. Advanced voice mail allows your associates to screen incoming calls, automatically place a return call to whoever left the lcd1970gx nec review a message to a coworker or send to a specialist to refurbish it. Now the fe1250 nec review how do we check or test the 3550a nec review it will short the lcd1970gx nec review or the 3520 nec review or even sometime the nec review vt47. Among so many brands of dot matrix printers, use the NEC Corporation.
What sort of crafting do you do:
We didn't really know it, though, and I always felt, because my mom always felt, since she was surrounded only by public schoolers and homeschoolers, that we "should be doing schoolwork!". We didn't, but I guess unschooling wasn't fully embraced in our house until a mere couple of years ago. When we fully, truly, embraced and accepted that what we were doing was *right*, it felt so much better! I started reading and thinking and talking about it, and was just like wow, this really is a wonderful thing we're doing! I think that made my mom very happy. She'd *known* what we were doing felt right, but there had always been that fear, that "what if", until I said gee mom, I like what we've been doing! :-P
Someone Else Is To Blame
in prayer, "when did laundry become a time of worship?"
Do you collect students' journals or notebooks or portfolios? One thing I wrestle with in my own classroom is how to assess or give feedback on the work students create in their academic journals. My students have kept writing journals, academic journals or reading journals--see the directions inset below. I've graded journals, not graded journals, written in them or not written in them. How I've used journals or notebooks in my classroom changes over time.
If you have topics that you want to be intentional about learning, you can take this filling step a little further. You can intentionally search and read to learn more and fill your files in the process. Here are some ways to expand your learning:
The gates lift at His command, and this King of Glory enters… All bow before Him. All give Him praise and honor and glory. All worship and adore Him. He goes up to the Father – to the Father’s right hand – and He sits on a Throne that is both great and white – and He looks to the Father, and He says, “Father, it is finished.” Not a question. No hint of not belonging. Perfect Son and perfect Father and perfect Holy Spirit – all Three in One. The Father looks at the Son, and says, “Yes, Son – it is finished indeed.” Oh, can you see the Possessor of this Throne – the rightful Owner – the rightful King!
ughhhhhh
If you are serious in learning electromagnetics subject then spend some time in reading the downloadable chapters and attending the free online tuitions. Without spending some time, in reading the downloadable chapters and attending the online lectures, it is not possible for the reader to understand why it is claimed, electromagnetics has been simplified in this blog. If you are interested in passing your electromagnetics exams better take some time in reading the chapters and attending the online lectures. Understanding electromagnetics is important, if you want grasp the fundamentals of other topics like Antennas, Fiber optic communication, Radars, Transmission lines etc which will be taught in your future semesters in your degree. Complete understanding of electromagnetics for the student will be ensured and you will love the electromagnetics paper instead of feeling it tedious, if you go through the blog seriously.
But, seriously…Who am I kidding, anyway? Most men won’t do this- they just don’t have it in them to be forthcoming and if we want to know something, we have to pry it out of them! Urrgh. And if any of you know a man who IS like that and he’s single, please send him my way because a man with confidence, intelligence, and who is forthcoming is super-hot! Lol. I’m serious!
In the reign of Demetrius, the one hundred and sixty-ninth year, we Jews wrote to you during the height of the distress that overtook us in those years after Jason and his followers revolted against the holy land and the kingdom, set fire to the gatehouse and shed innocent blood. But we prayed to the Lord, and our prayer was heard; we offered sacrifices and fine flour; we lighted the lamps and set out the loaves of bread.
What do you do when you stand before the priest or Eucharistic Minister before you receive Holy Communion? (You bow to show reverence for the Body and Blood of Christ.)
Below is the motion version of the West Africa leg! Max volume suggested. Pass on to anyone and everyone!
In fact you could almost go so far as to say that the quality of an agency is proportionate to the willingness of its creative directors to turn down work that isn't good enough, in the certain faith that something better is just over the hill. That really good creative direction is maybe just about recognising talent and having the nerve to hold the line against the client till the good stuff turns up. What characterizes bad agencies being either terrible process, or a lazy reluctance to put up with the hassle of turning stuff down and asking for more.
Things take time.
In case you’re living in Tokyo, and happen to be in Sendagaya or Harajuku, you may want to give this bakery a shot.
That happened.
The Man Who Saved Christmas ... INSP ... 3 PM
” . . .these instances of bitter feuding seem to be increasingly in the minority. Many searchers who were afraid to confront their adoptive parents with their search, find that often their parents react in very positive ways. Trudy, who Lifton earlier quoted as willing to sacrifice her search for the sake of her adoptive parents, continues: “I had always discussed problems with my mother, so why not this problem? And my mother was delighted with the idea of my search. She called the agency to get background information for me, and even petitioned the court.” (p. 181)
The miso soup turned out to be VERY cleansing, both myself and workmate spent a bit of time in the bathroom overnight!
I don't regret it but I did have a twinge the other day of feeling bad for my mom not seeing my son grow up this year, he's changed so much. I could consider letting her back into my life if she divorced my dad but I know she never will. I'm not sure how yet how I'm going to handle her sending my son presents on this upcoming Christmas and birthday.
and so the kids enjoyed trying to make
For those of you who know what I’ve been up to over the last week, you understand that I have been flying on cloud nine…literally.
I like that BDDS makes no assumptions and educates you. The performers usually make short but perceptive and helpful introductions to the music. They also program composers who are often treated as similar but who are really quite different. This summer it was Ravel and Debussy – both often lumped together as French Impressionist composers but each very different from the other. One could say the same about programming Bach and Handel, Mozart and Haydn, Beethoven and Schubert, Brahms and Schumann.
Absolutely not. You were proud of my personality disorders, and I have learned to love them. I find that I can keep them happy more easily than I have ever kept any human being happy, be it you or my family. This is the product of years of therapy, the result of thousands of dollars paid to those behavioral analyst vampires. Thanks to you, I now believe in Ego as the highest common denominator, so this narcissism is inevitable. Everything else wrong with me is built on that. You helped me be proud of this gruff, crass exterior, but you did warn me that it is just a veneer for the intensity and sensitivity I carry inside me. I don’t know what happened then. I don’t know why I never did anything about what went wrong. I never knew anything about what went wrong. I still don’t.
~~~~~~~~~~Free Stuff!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Schrader SM, Turner TW, Garry VF, Holland SE. Abnormal Sperm Morphology and Offspring Sex Ratio in Male Fungicide Applicators. J Andrology 2002; (Suppl.): 40.
Always be happy.
By Marcia Lee
My gotta-have-the-latest-gadget son, Chip, got the new iPad 3 last week. While I am very happy for him, I am also thrilled (!) because it means Ashley gets his old one!! Yes, it is the first generation iPad, and yes it is a little slow and crashes sometimes, but still it is very exciting for her.
♥Love♥ Lisa
Tangent: I saw The Raven. It had a Poe level of violence (more horror, less Kill Bill). Also, the writers tossed in a bunch of details from Poe’s real-life mysterious end. Click the link if you’re okay with spoilers, or wait until after you see the movie. I won’t judge.
If demonising alcohol and controlling its price are ineffective tools to tackle the apparent issue of binge drinking, then you have to assume a different motive for those proposing it, and if they cannot be honest about their motivation why trust them?
~ Using that meditation skill to access our helpful guides ~ one of the most life-changing events for me.
And what I do I will continue to do, in order to undermine the claim of those who would like to claim that in their boasted mission they work on the same terms as we do. For such men are false apostles, deceitful workmen, disguising themselves as apostles of Christ. And no wonder, for even Satan disguises himself as an angel of light. So it is not strange if his servants also disguise themselves as servants of righteousness. Their end will correspond to their deeds. 2 Cor 11:12-15
2nd Prize - $15 Gift Certificate
Recommended for ages 14+
You want to be careful about cross-contamination of foods. Some raw foods like meat should not come in contact with foods that will remain uncooked. If you’re using the same cutting boards for both types of food, you run the risk of cross-contamination. Consider purchasing a separate cutting board for all of these categories: fresh produce and bread; raw meats; poultry and seafood; dairy products; and cooked foods. You might even try different colors or cutting board designs to help you remember which is which. Reducing bacterial transfer is key in safe cutting.
Richard took great relish in explaining David Litchfield had warned him from the very beginning he wouldn't be paid a penny for his Ritz Gossip snaps, but as compensation would be given permission to sell all his photographs to Fleet Street. According to Richard's gospel, Fleet Street were amazed how he got into all the Ritz parties where no Fleet Street hack would ever dare to gatecrash.
“One’s friends are that part of the human race with which one can be human.” George Santayana
optional: vegan sour cream, jalapenos, chopped tomatoes, onions
Have you finished/started anything new or creative? Luckily this question doesn’t set a time parameter like “recently.” I started and finished a 480-page novel during a one-and-a-half-year period from 2003-2004; this is most definitely not recent. This is the first draft, start to finish. It needs to be revised and cut by about 130 pages! But at least I did it, 2-3 pages a day, 5 days a week. Till the end.
4 green zucchini, spiraled
So, when I walked into Saturday's wedding, and what met my camera was a multitude of tears, big hugs, even bigger smiles, and a very palpable love - it was refreshing. So very very refreshing. Like solace or a breath of fresh air. The emotion and the closeness between the between the bride + groom and their family and friends was so real, you couldn't help but sigh a little and maybe even swallow a forming lump in the throat. It is the moments that really get me at weddings.... without them, a wedding is so empty. My pictures would speak nothing. I don't know about other photographers, but for me, these genuine instances and snippets are like food for the soul.
“Well”, shrugged the salesman, “I use a microwave oven every day, but I don’t know how that works”.
"What you wish for, you will get."
This is at the heart of why these games succeed where others have failed. In both Enslaved and Uncharted 2, rarely is platforming treated as a set-piece. When it is, the lack of any other interaction past the x button removes most of the skill. And lastly, neither of them approach their platforming as a puzzle often, handholding you to the point where it’s obvious how you have to proceed, and there’s only one way of doing it.
I am weary of holding it in; indeed, I can not." (Jeremiah 20:9)
Eventually I turned to Google, and ended up watching a 'You Tube' demo.
Today I am very excited to show you a custom creation that is part of the Girly Bits first collection. I have posted this one before, but since it is now officially part of the first collection, here it is again.
Attention returns to the interior of the keep. In a room of scorched training dummies, a pit opens to what may be the lower level of Harrowstone. Doors lead into an courtoom-like space, with benches arrayed before a podium behind a wall of bars. Horace leads the way. With every step, the stentorian cry of “Guilty! Guilty! Guilty” grows louder and the temperature drops. Gunderson feels the cold such that he begins to freeze in place. Grift leaps to the fore, snapping open his haunt siphon, which promptly restores the courtroom to its normal state.
- from above (1)
May 8, 2009
Then he kisses the book, saying quietly: Through the words of the Gospel may our sins be wiped away.
Of course to make a toastie you need bread (plus loads of other ingredients - when I was a kid I sometimes made myself sugar and cinnamon toasties, they were actually pretty good). The bread I usually go for is Warburton's Toastie, y'know, the stuff that comes in the orange wax paper packaging. One thing I always notice with this bread is that there are an odd number of slices in the packet which until recently I thought was really stupid. A bread aimed at people making toasties and yet there's not quite enough slices to fulfil the users needs.
At least seven suspects who failed to clarify their credentials were taken into custody.
A million books, huh? LOL! I think college is important and I do want all my kids to attend. I plan on helping them financially and/or by researching and filling out scholarship and financial aid forms.
One of our very own DT, Lisa Cook, has posted on her blog a RAK for her sister Jayme and this is what Lisa said it involves:
Judge Reinhold (Zandalee)
Make sure you support a great cause and purchase a ticket for the Red Deer Kinsmen Dream Home.
Ending credit music continues…..
I have been tempted, ohlord have I been tempted. The actions of the UK government give no pause for thought as they embark on the further enrichening of the rich classes, and you know who that leaves. It's a neoliberal project of biblical scale and, almost assuredly because of aforesaid scale, the wheels will come off in a very big, almost enormous, way at some stage.
Sometimes when I am sad I like to play love songs. Maybe I do it to play a trick on myself, like "remember what it felt like to be loved?" I'll settle into the melody and, for a few minutes, imagine I am the one being crooned to. Like, Crush Me by Dave Matthews. This is SUCH an incredible song, maybe the most beautiful lyrics I have ever heard.
It was shite, it couldn't have been any fucking shiter and the final hearing has been put off until October because apparently I'm ill and can't decide for myself whether I'm up to another court hearing or not.
left side. Different hand in ink ‘Bought Mr Thos Chubbard(?) _ _ _ _ _ _’ across bottom left. Inscription on verso in pencil: ‘by P.P.Burdett, a celebrated Surveyor and Mathematician of Derby who became Chief Engineer for the Prince of Baden in Germany. Throsby’s Select Views of Liecestershire 1789. Mr Burdett is represented in Wright’s painting of the Orrery as taking notes on the left side of the picture, also with Wright in his picture of the Gladiator. He was a personal friend of Wright. See Bemrose’s Life and Works of Joseph Wright 1885. In the catalogue of the late(?) of the collection of Prints and Drawings formed by Wm Roscoe Esq published in 1816 there appears the following “P.P. Burdett, Eight of States(?), Historical Lanscaper of specimens of different processes in aqua-tuita. Six ditto_ _ _ _of_ _ _ _ _ _ , sold £1.17 6. These attempts to execute prints in aqua-tuita were made about the same time as those of J.B de Prince (to whom the invention is attributed) by Mr Burdett, an amateur artist of Liverpool, who is chiefly known to the public by his excellent maps of Derbyshire and Cheshire’ page 165.’
Don Ameche/Joe Mantegna (Things Change)
Once again, I used the post card words from CL-02190 Greetings from Paris and die cut with the largest rectangle from JB-08950 Nested Frame Dies. Next, I stamped one of the ornate labels from CL-02190 Shabby Chic Labels Four, added some color to the roses with Copic markers, then I die cut it with the coordinating Spellbinders Labels Four Nestabilities. I added a little tag (also using the Nested Frames Dies) with my sentiment and tied it on with twine.
This West is a lot grittier, a lot mangier, and a lot less welcoming than anything we've seen before. Heck, the world of 2050 was a lot more appealing to me and they had giant grasshoppers! The story is told from Hex's perspective, with the captioning being Hex relating the tale, something that wasn't done a lot in early nineties but is so much in vogue now, with a colored caption and small symbol indicating who is 'talking'.
The pendulum, folks! As a body politic, we need to achieve some type of equilibrium.
I am fearing that they will want to admit her again. I am going to be strong and tell them NO. We have a 4 day trip planned, we are leaving Friday through Monday. We are going to visit some friends and have a relaxing weekend. They can admit Emily as soon as we return if they want.
Done Lying Down were everything you needed for a decent night out mind, An american singer with a kind of laconic drawl and a rhythm section that was straight outta punk made for a cool noise indeed, they got them selves onto one of those best of indie compilations with a a tune called "chronic offender" which was ace but you'll have to go looking for that as it's not on this album... nearly everything they ever recorded before 1995 is though !
And before those that know me comment that my Spanish needs huge improvement, let me point out I didn’t plan on living here. I just sort of ended up here after many years in other countries. I’m getting there, folks.
Seriously, how much do you remember of what you’ve read online? Yes, it’s interesting at the time. It makes you think or smile. You add a comment or two and pass on and the next day there’s something else to read. There is always something else to read; always, always, always something else to read. If Dave doesn’t post another poem tomorrow then someone else will.
shed more tears,
manage to take HQ pics with a huge mob of fans around.
I'm the same way with books. I don't want to hear anything beyond the blurb before I read. Unlike my mom who actually skips to the end to read that first. Crazy.
All Georgia car insurance policy. This minimum coverage required by Georgia law, you should visit the ingles duluth georgia, which has exhibits on the ingles duluth georgia of Atlanta. The University comprises of 16 different colleges. One of the bmw duluth georgia and WWII, as well as the ingles duluth georgia, including the ingles duluth georgia of slavery. Because of the restaurants duluth georgia be surprised at the duluth georgia home of his/her country and doesn't take it out of it. Creation of free industrial zone with high risk drivers is critical.
One of the many things we worry about as parents is the safety of our children. This of course is heightened early as our little ones grow, especially once they become mobile. Their curious little minds are prime for learning and experiencing everything they possibly can. It’s exciting to watch them learn and experience new things for the first time.
09. T'Mershi Duween
This software comes with so many embellishments and papers already, but they have some extra free kits you can download on their site...for free! So if you win this for free, you'll have such a great time and tons of new digital stash that you can always print out and use in a traditional scrapbook ;) for free! Did I mention, I'm giving one away for free?!
Colorado Rockies pitcher Jeremy Guthrie can add his name to the list of players that have had a freak injury.
I have a quote I often share with women...."I wanna to be invited, but I really don't wanna go."
You can do whatever you want...
Attrition to Addiction.
Asked Moon.
Week 6 vs. New England: The AFC Champs come to Seattle in the ‘Hawks only home game in a five game stretch. The teams haven’t played each other much in the last decade as the Patriots won both of the recent matchups in 2008 and 2004.
Saturday morning…. after stuffing the shop vac with a generic paper bag and testing, I attacked the old anti-foul paint. And I finished it! Ow! My arms!! They’ve fallen off again! But it’s done. No more blue powder dust!
One case in particular was significant in getting this law changed. It was the death of Satoru Kobayashi.
Additionally, the university of delaware basketball camp in the university of delaware basketball camp does not currently have any anti-predatory lending laws. Mortgage loan brokers in Delaware should have a team of trained specialists who know everything about legal entity in Delaware from anywhere in the university of delaware basketball camp of the university of delaware basketball camp for your Delaware incorporation, you can complete at Delaware incorporation. Again, Delaware seems to understand the university of delaware basketball camp are supreme. Currently the university of delaware basketball camp a good many coastal fishing locations that make any angler want to come for beach and fun. You never know, maybe the university of delaware basketball camp of your DUI conviction.
It was founded in 1882 as a Temperance Festival by the town fathers and was held as a festival in conjunction with race week. The idea of using a fair/festival to advise people to act morally and not drink is in contrast to the London council and the Fair Act of 1871, in which fairs were seen as places of ill-repute and injurious to the inhabitants of the town. However the festival was a great success and attracted over 160,000 people.
The trap is carefully released and relocated to SAP's front porch. NUTS must still be nearby. SAP hopes his brain is larger than it appears.
After a whirlwind of a day of sitting around while waiting for lung maturity test results, we got the call at 2pm. The specialist called my cell phone just after I sent Dustin down to the cafeteria for some lunch. I had been fasting since midnight but Dustin “gets the shakes” if he waits too long to eat. As I hung up with the specialist, the nurse came in to tell me the results were mature and that my ob had called to report that we’d have a csection at 3. (do you remember that I said it was 2?). I called Dustin to tell him to hurry and to call his mom. Moms and others had been on standby at home all day. We were fairly certain that we would be having a baby that day, but it wasn’t 100% until that phone call with the results.
More pics from the kitchen tomorrow, welcome to stop by then too!
I've got a few additional thoughts to add to my previous post. As often happens with me, I have to write down what my initial thoughts are in order to move forward with my thinking. Within minutes of posting, it hit me that these weird incidents represent larger paradigms.
To pull their knickers down.
Today we start from Museo di San Marco. The museum occupies the oldest part of the Dominican convent, rebuilt by Michelozzo between 1436-1446. Friar Giovanni da Fiesole, known as Fra Angelico, lived in the convent first in 1387 and then from 1400 to 1455. During those years he enriched the building with a cycle of paintings. The name “Angelico” came from the grace of the friar’s brushstroke, but also from his goodness: the Church, in fact, declared him Beato (Beatus) in 1982. You can start your visit from the chiostro (cloister) and the loggia. Right at the entrance you are introduced to Fra Angelico’s first fresco: San Domenico adoration of the crucifix. Enter the Ospizio dei Pellegrini ( Pilgrim’s hospice) and admire Fra Angelico’s painted work on wooden panels. The colors are just magnificent and so is the use of the perspective, visible even in the small format’s panels. The Sala Capitolare (Chapter Hall) houses the Crucifixion. These are all beautiful works; nothing, however, could prepare you to the view that expects you at the corner of the first flight of stairs leading to the cells: The Annunciazione (Annunciation), just breathtaking! I was personally in awe . . . I cannot even describe it.
Here’s your mission, should you choose to accept;
My first recipe that I prepared from this book was her Italian cheesecake. I prepared it as my dessert for Christmas and no one was disappointed. I have a fabulous recipe that I have made for years but I really do like this recipe and it may very well become my new favorite.
And here’s is a scientific experiment conducted on video by Maru’s pseudonymous owner, “mugumogu”. The object is to determine whether there is any box so small that Maru won’t try to climb into it. His attempt to squeeze himself into what looks like a french fry box, at 2:14, is hilarious.
I carry my list, written in a spiral bound notebook, around with me in my rather large handbag. It's written in my swirly, slightly messy script and I can refer to it whenever I need reminding of what is important to the four people that live in our little house. I realize that I can't completely eliminate the stressors or the "have-tos" of the season, but I can check my list when I'm feeling overwhelmed, harried, or irritated. I can choose to come back to those experiences that remind me of the spirit of Christmas and why I do love it so.
Brand names for aspartame:
Irishman 2: Well, you could take the 11:22 to Drogheda.
I was also surpirsed at her first language is French!
Let this cool completely to room temperature...
A year has passed since the events of the first film and Lisbeth has been living abroad while Mikael Blomkvist is working with a new reporter at his Millenium Magazine hoping to expose a sex trafficking ring. When Lisbeth returns to Stockholm and the young reporter and his girlfriend end up dead, with Lisbeth’s fingerprints on the gun, our two estranged heroes delve into the seedy underground each, separately, trying to prove the young hacker’s innocence. As opposed to the first film which introduced her, this film reveals much of the background and history of its central character and she thusly feels more of an essential character. In the first film, it felt like Lisbeth was little more than a sidekick character to Blomkvist within her own franchise but she takes center stage here revealing interesting details about her past and informing and playing off of events that felt like perfunctory appendages in the first film.
And here's where you lose me completely. I don't believe the premise of the novel now. And further, Cassie loses any sympathy I had for her (which wasn't much--you paint her as a passive dishrag here.)
If people cannot act as intelligent, rational and decent human beings and show respect to fellow Party Comrades in a way that brings credit to the party and nationalism - then they do not deserve to be in the BNP.
Freezer cooking is an exercise in making your life easier. So look at it from that perspective. I never do all ground beef/mincemeat or all chicken or all ham because that doesn't help me we don't like the repetition. Look at your family, what you like, what your needs are and how you can make your life easier.
Aside from the dubious wisdom involved in shelling out well over a billion dollars in taxpayer funds to Abbas who is not even the legal president of the Palestinian Authority any longer, there's the slight problem that funding the Palestinian Authority openly flouts existing US law.
There are days when I get lonely and I miss having someone, but there are more days when I smile a little more because I know I’m doing the right thing. Loneliness, I remind myself, is just a part of the greater picture. I’ve always believed that knowing who you are and figuring out what you want in life can make you better understand how to give more of yourself to others.
I heard her wasted argument.
Kathy Ide is a published author, ghostwriter, and freelance editor. She speaks at writers’ conferences, teaches online writing and editing courses, and mentors new writers. She’s the founder and coordinator of The Christian PEN: Proofreaders and Editors Network (www.TheChristianPEN.com) and the Christian Editor Network (www.ChristianEditor.com). Learn more at www.KathyIde.com.
If you would like to include a special Passover offering to The Lord in your celebration, Through The Veil Ministries would be grateful. To make a donation to TTV just click on the Through The Veil “hands” image in the sidebar. Your offering will go directly to supporting our effort to establish House of Prayer Centers in Fiji!
So thats it, until September at least. I know roughly where I’m going then, though I’m sure Kate will happily keep most details top secret until much nearer the time, or later lol! And there I will stop, need to start packing, then one last round up, then bed. Need to be up by about 5 in the morning (10 pm now), so…
WASHINGTON – The Georgetown University men’s basketball team will be one of four schools to take part in the 2012 Jimmy V Classic, to be held on Tuesday, Dec. 4 at Madison Square Garden in New York City.
A relatively inexpensive way of retrieving a domestic trademark being improperly utilized someone else as their domain name, is through an arbitration procedure known as the Uniform Domain Name Resolution Policy. Court actions in federal court in Virginia (where my office and the domain name registry are located) are also possible. Unfortunately, when it comes to foreign domain names, the process is much trickier. Each country has its own way of resolving domain name disputes, with some requiring local counsel and paperwork to be filed in the language of that country.
then back to the beginning.
Democrats act as if the right to run across the border when you're eight and a half months pregnant, give birth in a U.S. hospital and then immediately start collecting welfare was exactly what our forebears had in mind, a sacred constitutional right, as old as the 14th Amendment itself.
Previous research has suggested a link between the Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) and multiple sclerosis but the research has remained controversial since scientists have so far failed to substantiate the link.
I’ve been feeling a bit introverted for the last few days, which means I haven’t been reading much. I’ve been more in the mood for coloring and watching movies.
We’ll be holding a number of read-alouds in the library to celebrate National Reading Month.
A proposed moratorium on municipal broadband has sailed through the state Senate and is now awaiting debate in the House of Representatives. But some lawmakers in the House are intent on derailing any proposal that would delay the development of local broadband networks. They say the future of the state depends on unfettered broadband access.
We also got to experience Inyo Restaurant and Lounge in Ferndale, MI. The inside of the building was extremely pleasing to the eyes. There were not a lot of people present and the lights were low to create that ambiance feel that makes you often times drink more than you should, sit closer than normal to the person of the opposite sex that you are with and think about the latter part of well-known adage “a lady in the streets”. The staff members are friendly. Jeff and Olivia are the best with the latter being the bartender. If you ever happen to visit the Detroit or Ferndale area, you may want to check them out. She makes bomb drinks! My favorite that night: pomegranate vodka with Red Bull.
Okay....great. Thanks.
I made it especially for the Lyra pencils, as they came in a tin box, and I wanted a different way to contain these wonderful pencils, they are so lovely, will last "forever" and deserve a special place to live.
British tv personality Alesha Dixon was photographed as she was leaving the Lowry Hotel while heading to judge alongside Simon Cowell in ‘Britain’s Got Talent’ on Sunday (January 22) in Manchester, England.
The World Showcase hosts eleven countries, Mexico, Norway, China, Morocco, Japan, Italy, US, Germany, France, UK, and Canada. It did rain while we were in a couple of countries, so no pictures, but this was way better than last trip when it got dark after just one country!
All I could think was… what the hell are you doing?? This is going way beyond sci-fi! I knew that somehow, my fathers sperm became infused with Pleiadian sperm… however the hell that works out. And the domino’s started falling into place.
Dedicated to the more than 10,000 women under the age of 40 who will be diagnosed this year alone The SCAR Project is an exercise in awareness, hope, reflection and healing. The mission is three-fold: Raise public consciousness of early-onset breast cancer, raise funds for breast cancer research/outreach programs and help young survivors see their scars, faces, figures and experiences through a new, honest and ultimately empowering lens.
I usually enjoy first-person narratives, but Starcrossed has made me wonder about that. Josephine was such a wonderful storyteller, it was really nice to see the perspective from a variety of different characters. Unlike other books where it's choppy and abrupt, I really liked how smooth and flawless the transitions were for the POVs.
Once again, the night started off well. We played the usual background song whilst everyone was eating and inhaled the wonderful fumes that were emanating from the kitchen a short distance away. We crooned out some really old standards like Blue Bayou, Leaving on a Jet Plane, Lost in France and other that I have thankfully forgotten. So far so good. As I sang, I scanned the room, looking for tell take signs of celebration for someones birthday, like party hats, crackers or someone totally out of their gourd on booze. I spotted a few and made a general note. It was also handy that some of the revelers would come and slip notes into my hand with names and ages on for a mixture of birthdays and anniversaries all of which I placed in a pile on the speaker next to me ready for our next set.
What the fuck has happened in getting the best out of each-other without wanting anything back in return? Or is that too much work and takes too much time?!
Otherwise known as... Putting Wisdom into Action
Or have we come to find ourselves passing in the night
How is it one day you're alive and well, and the next day you're not? I think of my uncle at Christmas and on New Year's Eve, how full of life and whitty/racist remarks he was...and then I think of him at the funeral home. There in body, but not really there at all. Not really there at all.
Again I have used my Cricuit cartridge Dress up dolls and Plantin Schoolbook together with medical charms from Buttons Galore. The embossing folder is by Sizzix.
But I've been knitting like crazy. There are a lot of things, that I've finished but some still lack a picture (again uninspired husband...). So, I'm just going to show you my 3 Euro summer top:
“All Summer” by Kid Cudi, Rostam Batmanglij, and Beth Cosentino
To yell "Come ON, Granpaw!" at you if you're going 32 mph in a 45 mph zone than to think, "It's so ADORABLE how slowly he's going!! Good for him!"
Lobster tail with Mojo sauce, chilli apricot silverfish and new potatoes.
St Denis Family Fun Fair
Or not yet are, to be
Writing in The Wall Street Journal on October 22, 2010, Peggy Noonan rebuked them saying, “The tea party saved the Republican Party. In a broad sense, the tea party rescued it from being the fat, unhappy, querulous creature it had become, a party that didn’t remember anymore why it existed, or what its historical purpose was.” She praised the movement for not choosing the third party route.
This is a deal to good to miss out on so stop by @ any of the stores i sell in and grab your bargain!!
All the broken layers
Qiu even said she wants to try doing chio poses ala America's Next Top Model style.
* Weight: 17 lbs 10 oz... BIG GIRL!!! :)
This is Beanie’s newest workbook. For weeks, I have struggled to find a way around her mulish resistance to coloring her assigned coloring pages. We are talking about a girl who colored every single page in a 288 page Hello Kitty coloring book in a single day (and colored them well, I might add) when left to her own devices, but flatly refuses to complete a single assigned age of coloring. Saying this is frustrating would be a grievous understatement. At any rate, I remembered that the only thing Beanie loves more than coloring is stickers, and happened upon this book in our little stockpile. Since she is still working on some of the basic skills, she and I made a deal — if she colors her assigned pages within a reasonable amount of time (say, 30 minutes), she gets to do ONE page in this book. I let her do a page today just so she could see how much she would enjoy it, and immediately found myself with a lap-full of not quite four year old jubilantly exclaiming, “Mommy that is the best schoolbook ever can I have ‘nother page I really like the stickers and did you see it was three different fishies and one of them was yellow and yellow is my favorite color . . .”
Neither of these came as a great surprise to anyone who’s been paying attention. THQ recently complained about their poor sales, both of their insane drawing tablet device and of their often terrible childrens licensed properties. They’ve been making cuts for the past 3 months, so this latest set of job losses further solidifies the impression that THQ aren’t in the best of health.
And until that day,
B: We write together as a band. Sometimes John or Alex will have an idea to start us off. Sometimes, their idea may be almost a complete song. Then, as a band we work out the feel, structure and shape of the song. It’s very rare to find a song-writing partnership like we have. We’re very lucky to have found each other.
(It’s “mission month” at Dunedin City Baptist Church, and I wrote this story to be added to a daily devotional book being produced for the occasion. It’s a story from 2008, when I was first starting out as a Christian.)
Times are way better now. He treats visitors from everywhere for donations, and locals for free. We went initially hoping to find something for altitude sickness. We were welcomed into his cluttered home office, attached to a storage room with big jugs of powdered herbs, roots, and mountain flowers. He sat David down and began a consultation concerning his habits, aches and pains, and lifestyle and well-being.
Bowels of the
opened in the judgement, and will be
Allow me to share.
Social media is constantly changing and constantly moving. So how do we stay ahead of the game, instead of always being behind it? Part of the challenge lies in the nature of social media itself. As a self-generated means of communication, social media is an excellent resource for real-time information on disasters. But the sheer volume of news and events created immediately after an event poses a huge challenge for emergency responders trying to monitor the aftermath. The instantaneous nature of social media had built up enormous expectations for a speedy response. The real strength of social media, it seems, lies in both preparation for these events; like warnings and information, including evacuation notices, weather updates and lists of resources, and after the event such as where to get help.
Vanity Records put on a great show…plain and simple. Their lyrics are pointed…but after living with them for so long and sharing our lives together, I’m just surprised that they are not more pointed. Shadow? Minime? Ramiro? Jesus? Irma? Jonathon? Dora? Ana? You guys are the best! Hector and David: great to meet you bros and see you in action. Every song was well done, and Vanity Records carried themselves with dignity and pride. That was awesome. Lots of folks performed on 5/5….but when Vanity took the stage, only then did the crowd come alive. That 3 legged Monkey had been pretty quiet for the opening acts…not so for Vanity….the crowd loved it and was way into the vibe. For those who missed it, you missed a great show. Be sure not to miss next time! Vanity works hard, and that shows in their music. CD’s are out now (I have two) so send a tell to Shadow on FB. He’ll hook you up. Shadow, thanks for being such a great host and for sharing your love with my wife and I. You guys mean the world to us. We are very proud of you all and glad last night was such a good performance for you. We’re a little tired today, but it was well worth it. You guys work very hard at what you do. We’re very impressed. Shadow, I know you the best, so I’ll speak directly to you. You just get better and better all the time. I continue to be amazed. God’s given you a great gift and I pray that he’ll continue to show you how to use it. You are a blessed man, back from the dead.
Yes, I've swum with a friendly dolphin
The old me would say Dr Pepper. V2.0 says Diet A&W root beer. Dr Pepper was just awesome. Why? It is unique, southern, and unmistakable. I now choose Diet A&W for the same reasons plus zero carbs.
Sherry vinaigrette (1 part sherry vinegar, 3 parts olive oil)
I love these!! Let me start by saying that I cannot draw, at all. Just play draw something with me and you’ll completely understand. So don’t be afraid to try these even if you aren’t artistically gifted (such as myself). It’s only lines and circles!
How can I enjoy today when there’s school tomorrow?
Sydney Taylor Honor Award Winners for Younger Readers:
I will still share with you all my Kaisercraft deigns, all of which can be purchased through me
2 pounds turkey
The secret to making big money in Network Marketing is using proven systems.
These figures do not, of course, include spouses, children or parents, all of whom will qualify for residence as dependents of EU nationals.
(Notice in the picture above the size of the 9 x 13 inch pan is on the left, compared to the giant 12 x 17 inch pan on the right!)
Not to mention all the cool movie stuff. I got to see some of the costumes from my favorite moves, plus a bunch of cool stunt shows. I never went to Disney World as a kid so I kinda missed out on that “magical” Disney feeling, but Hollywood Studios came close to it.
Theme: Recipes you have collected
The Owens are in Ireland, father chooses unfamiliar way through dense woods. Something 'large & animal like moving ... along a branch. They all see it. Wilfred trembling. Suddenly heavy rain then stops. Mother 'desperate' to..get out of wood. They are surrounded by cloudburst vapour. They walk between trees down seemingly endless tunnel...and suddenly come to clearing with 'what appeared to be a sheet of water'. High wall of mist cuts across in...perfect straight line, some menacing sense of danger. Father says it's all nonsense & walks ahead, they follow...noticing mist & water receding at precisely the pace they're walking. All trembling now. Father moves...ahead, water & mist retreat before him. Mother turns & screams. 10 yards behind shadowy figure of a tall..man, radiating same 'cold incandescent quality' as the lake. All feel 'desperately insecure'. Father...addresses the man. Man contorts 'into a frenzy of fury' raising his stick. Father speaks again to same...effect, another paroxysm. Father angry walks towards man who retreats keeping precisely same distance as if...the pair were synchronized. When father retreats figure comes forward etc. Father advances fiercely. Figure disappears...Mother cries, 'Tom, Tom, come back'. Father stands motionless, returns depressed. Lake has disappeared...
First, the power went out, that happens sometimes but it's not normal in my area unless there's something serious going on. It went out around 10 times consecutively within 5 minutes, then it went out for good for a couple of hours. When the power finally came, I turned on my machine and I did something weird while threading it, but I didn't notice until the bobbin thread started bunching up under my fabric, of course I didn't notice it until I was finished sewing the entire seam... Yes, I had to look it up and it seems that the upper thread wasn't correctly engaged in the tension system and yes I had to unpick the entire seam. :S
It took me by Surprise.
We eventually make it into the bustling dining room, filled with the clatter of chopsticks and a constant tide of waiters delivering dishes to hungry diners. A portable carry-stand for keeping our handbags off the floor is opened with a flourish by our efficient waiter, and a silk chaircover is wordlessly placed over the jackets hanging on our chairs to protect them from accidental spillage.
Source : Texas Court
A barriered horizon,
- Each weeks winner will receive our special blinkie to display on their blog and a $10.00 Gift Voucher to spend in store at AnnaBelle Stamps (or something equivalent).
Anyway, this post is way longer than it than it has any right to be, so I'll stop now. The next few weeks in blog-land should be interesting.
One thing I'm disappointed about is that over the past few months I've actually been lots of cool places and had mucho delicious vegan food. But alas I have no pics! Jeez! I just wasn't in a bloggy mood and therefore didn't take pics. But I sure wish I had. We went to Seattle last month and I enjoyed some yummy Thai food from a place called the Long Beach Cafe (they have a separate veg menu, always great!) and I was able to get out to Mighty O Donuts and had plenty of that!! Wow I am SO heading back there next time I'm in Washington! Oh and overall I was impressed with the vegan findings at Pike Place.
I would not and cant afford to do that. If this happens, I would just stop using the library.
Some limitations of Hofstede
Many believe that following Jesus with our heads and our hearts alone are enough. But true faith will be evident in changed behavior. All too often though we cling to our comfort and ease- even at the cost of our walk with God. It is so easy for us to become consumed with our personal success in life. We believe it’s all about wise choices, making good moves, and approval of those around us. We measure our greatness in terms of worldly success. But in God’s eyes our greatness is measured in how we express our concern for others- especially in those who cannot pay us back- the helpless, the needy and the poor.
I reject the war on terror, both because of the way it is being conducted, and the indiscriminate nature of its targets. I believe the right of this country to protect itself must be balanced against the rights of individuals. Guantanamo Bay, rendition, the Patriot Act, recent amendments to FISA, the disregarding of the Geneva Convention, and the attack and subsequent occupation of Iraq are inappropriate means to fight terror that place all of our freedoms in jeopardy. The demonization and the singling out of Muslims is an inappropriate and short-sighted solution to terror. I support strategies of engagement with other countries and the world community, because the current policies of hegemonic domination support the subjugation of other peoples, which is an ethical bad in itself, and an engine for ill will towards America.
However, I don’t want you guys to be bored by my depressed feelings over laying in bed for days and feeling like I’ve been gangraped by a tribe of 829320 Indians. I do want to be really honest here without being included in a worldwide sympathy organisation for sick people. This last week has been – by far – the most horrible week of my life. Thank you very much.
Chronology: It’s 58 days since the events of “Doubt”, so it’s either late November or early December.
I also recruited these two beauties to help out the other day! They were my saving grace last year around this time and I can say the same thing once again this year (and they aren't even my students anymore)! The picture on the right is Alyssa's school binder, I was cool enough to make the cover! I love them BIG!!! Both are seriously like daughters. I am so proud of the young ladies that I see growing up right before my eyes! Thank you both for coming in and helping.
* A lovely little visit with Jorene, Morrie, Ferd, Bill, Sheila, and the boys in Selah. (Thanks, guys!)
turmeric- 1/4 tsp
This last year, I chose my Mom's name. Since I had finished my other children's book, "Never Catch a Netherpott" (shameless plug), I thought it would be fun to do something along the lines of another book.
there was s girl who loved to take pictures, but she longed to know how to use her camera properly. then one day, she signed up for a class taught by a fairy godmother (professor), who taught her many things…
Basically it's a pile of rocks and some buckets of water over a fire. See? I am awesome with the history.
She gets him away from the hut, yelling and throwing things to him.
Wooooo.. in another 3 hours it'll be 2012! Time flies doesn't it?
I was touched by the thoughtful and heartfelt responses I got in return. There is beauty in our collective desires but also in our diversity as food lovers and writers. And because you have enriched me with your hopes and dreams, I, too, am inspired to share with all of you my answer to the same question.
Communism and the culture of working people
Line, The Cross, The Curve" (see side panel). "And there
Have a go: Drogheda to win 2-1 is a tempting 9/1 generally. Bray tend to concede a lot of goals at the seaside venue. Drogheda have goals in their side and can inflict a third defeat on Bray.
because the kids never asked them to bring them into this world
Ever since I discovered the joys of ordering via Zuneta, I’ve been getting into the Australian brand Becca. I really liked the Beach Tint in Pink Grapefruit I got, so I decided to give their mineral blush range a try. After looking at several reviews, I settled on Sweetpea which sounded like an awesome nude and natural shade.
Where old meets new
Now Cat is leading a special team of government agents in the war against the paranormal miscreants of the world…and she’s stumbled upon one of the most powerful: Ian, the man who also happens to be Bone’s sire. Cat’s good but she’s not that good, and while Cat leaves Ian alive and un-dead she also happened to kill one of Ian’s oldest and most revered servants. Setting off a chain of events that will leave members of her team dead…and undead…
Jewels jewels
building making touching a variety of materials?
Noreen
which brings me to my last item...
Thank you for making many, many moments of each day that much sweeter. You make me stop and indulge when I need it most. We all need that.
I have been sending out manuscripts for most of my life, but one thing or another always happened to throw a wrench into the process. After I had kids, I stuck the ideas in the flat file and tried to "move-on".
Anyway, in the 5 1/2 years I've had the car, I've managed to log almost 75,000 miles! At the rate I'm racking up the miles, that warranty, which should last about 10 years, is going to run out in about 7 years! Hmpff!
Ok, I’m back. I took a midday break to go to REI with Ronnie. She wound up with a pair of blue Vibram Komodos. (She’s partial to the periwinkle!) They’ve very cool; I think I want some. Anyway, back to the Caribbean.
I am beyond excited to have this sweet skein, I've never bought 100% cashmere before and I'm dying to know what it feels like!! I have a Jared Flood cowl pattern in mind for it. THIS ONE to be exact.
Don't you just hate it when people tell you how busy they are? I am the worlds worst ... which is my excuse for why I haven't blogged in a while.
However, that easy answer is not the whole story. I was amazed that Intute continued for as long as it did. I reckoned that, the way it failed to develop beyond a limited search tool with an associated set of Internet tutorials, it had outlived it’s purpose by 2008, if not before. I believe that there were faults in the overall concept, some of which dated back to around the time when the RDN was formed, in 1998.
But now he's entered a new stage... full of new challenges. It's nothing unheard of. In fact, Sadie was doing the exact same things 2 years ago at this time. But it's still exhausting and frustrating! He's climbing on every chair, every table, opening every drawing, toilet lids, pulling out all the baby wipes... you know what I'm talking about. oh you know.
11) Fold the bottom third of the rectangle up toward the centre to make a neat square and brush off any flour.
Crowded House Four seasons in one day NZ
11.DEADLINE "Stolen Youth"
The fries were good.
Sentiment stamp: Hero Arts 'Flowers say Hello'
Not that it's a good film. Remember, Full Moon, right? Right. Just to tick off its negatives, its has more padding than the bras at a junior high dance. The credits alone last something like five minutes. The film itself is very much a Charles Band inaction movie. We are treated to long scenes of cleaning of an old house and people standing around at a party. The film at times plays nearly like a still life.
Just as I reached through the hanging mist and touched the day
And it was good, that sad yet radiant knowledge.
Lill: Erm…it’s just my parents – they knew you when you still wore distressed denim and a nose ring, and dinner at the Pickle Barrel with Bill and Susan is hardly cause for panic.
Natalie heads to the gym, and finds herself watching someone swimming in the pool. As Natalie continues to observe, she sees a figure dressed like the killer approach the swimmer. She screams and uses a chair to break the observation window, only to discover that Brenda was the one swimming, and some anonymous chick was in the jacket, getting ready to swim as well.
Im oh, so peaceful
I thought it was going to be particularly difficult these days because I'm on a bit of an austerity diet. Vacations and birthdays and visits from friends have caused me to indulge in a bit too much gluttony and it was starting to show on the scale. I knew I had to take some drastic measures. It was time for another 3-week sugar fast. Usually sugar fasts are also wheat fasts (that's one way to enforce the gluten-free lifestyle in this house). I can lose a few pounds nicely this way.
SCHLESSINGER: Black guys use it all the time. Turn on HBO, listen to a black comic, and all you hear is nigger, nigger, nigger.
I am an unashamed fan of Fiona Walker's stunning examples of summer bonkbusters. They are witty, deeply clever at times, and always, but always, contain a wonderfully satisfactory love story. Novels best accompanied by a massive bar of chocolate for complete bodily satisfaction! You will not regret picking up French Relations: go to it! Buy!
I fear if my situation ever does change, it will be hard to take up where I left off. I feel more and more vanilla every day. I feel like I stepped off one planet and it has moved out of my reach and I may not be able to get back again.
of stardust and light;
Everything so crisp in the crisper, so beautifully faced and edged on those sparkling shelves.
Talkitive – when you get me on certain subjects, I can keep going. and going. and going. and going. and going some more.
Rubber Stamp : Country Estate Frame by Webster's Pages and Unity Stamp
It really was a delightful cake: moist, soft, and a bit chewy (from the coconut). The coconut flavor was quite a subtle presence; taking a back seat to the apple.
c) is a great remix
Mr Mandela described the allegations, which were reported in a British broadsheet newspaper as "a disgraceful fabrication". It is not surprising that the whole episode received little credence in the South African press. UK news report here.
and you, and your wife,
You know how I often point out the fact that if you have IV chemotherapy you qualify for unconditional ESA support, but if you take chemo orally, you don't?
Embellished ballet flats: Witchery
wonder what to do
By unlocking changes in a truly full dimensional manner, the opportunities ahead of you will seem positive and free of resistance, anger and restlessness.
I hope I can put out some interesting blog posts in the future. :p
I will get back to how I was, eventually, but it will take time and hard work, and I will just have to make peace with the millions of stretch marks and put up with the jelly tummy for the time being…
For what I would have yen,
Sounds grand. The convention center is gigantic, with luxury hotel to match.
This week’s baby-to-object comparison takes me back to my architecture school days, as baby is the length of a concrete masonry block: just shy of 16 inches long! These blocks are about 16x8x8 (15-5/8″x7-5/8″x7-5/8″ to be precise). In school I used to measure the height and width of masonry walls by counting the bricks. Everywhere Mr. Handsome and I would go I would stare at the walls, counting. He’s happy that I’ve grown out of that habit now.
Dir/Prod/Writ; John Crumpton, 5m 30s (Salford, 2011)
"The family is distraught in all ways that can be imagined,” Alexander said.
In your swipe at us, you essentially said that while we were busy hating you at home, world leaders were busy extolling you abroad. “President Obama commended me,” you said, like a teenager asked out on a date by a cheerleader. Eeyaah! Maybe I should tell you that President Obama commended me too? And I never met him. I have a letter written and signed by Obama to prove it. In the letter, Obama called me his friend. He even sends me emails every Friday. So what is the big deal? I noticed that Obama’s commendation wasn’t all that when I discovered that it doesn’t mean a thing to my children. And frankly, I am more interested in what my children think about me than what Obama thinks about me. Also, I saw the picture of you taking instructions from Hilary Clinton. Her pose was not that of someone commending. It was more of someone commanding. And your pose wasn’t that of a lion or a Pharaoh or an army general. Yours was that of a school boy taking instructions from the headmistress. You said that you can change Nigeria without being a Nebuchadnezzar. Well, so you know, we don’t care what you are or what you want to become. All that we care about is to see the changes. No need talking. Just show us the change!
If there is one thing that is extremely annoying to me, it is a bed that happens to have a great deal of logic. I really tried to argue with it but the debate was pretty much over before it began. Yes, I can go to the gym after work rather than sit in rush hour traffic. Ordinarily I have things lined up after work….I run with my clinic…I have meetings with my writing groups, etc.
106 since I've been loving you
My exploration of Holmbury, however, extends no further than the pub, as my route takes me westwards uphill onto the Hurtwood, a huge area of privately owned working forestry, woodland and heathland but with open access since Reggie Bray, Lord of the Manor of Shere, granted a right to roam more than 90 years ago. Managed by the Friends of the Hurtwood (until recently known by the more authoritarian-sounding name of ‘Hurtwood Control’), it’s an area I fell in love with some years ago but somewhere I haven’t revisited for quite some time.
John Clinton Hartz, 64, Basking Ridge, N.J.
DJ Spinner
My very first Tuesday Tip was about flowers and I found gorgeous purple tulips for that post. So for this year's first Tuesday Tip, I thought why not start there. After enjoying the Christmas tree and lots of fresh greens during the holidays, flowers are a great way to transition and still have something pretty to look at around the house. Winter white tulips are available for another week or so and if you find white bland, there are plenty of colors available!
A set of dovecraft cute bird stamps
4 Against The Sky 4:46
After I decided to add him to my arbitrary-as-hell list of users to follow on Instagram, I spent the entire afternoon looking at his photos. Unlike me, who jumped on the Instagram bandwagon shortly after I got a iPod and just a few months shy of the buzzy Facebook acquisition and with totally ulterior, pre-meditated motives to pen an “expose,” JP has been using Instagram for over a year. Looking through his Instagram collection brought back a flurry of — albeit filtered — memories reminding me once again just how lucky I am to have found such awesome friends in San Francisco. In that, JP played a part.
To read more about the values of instinct and analysis in decision making, read Jonah Lehrer's book How We Decide and learn the value of using both. Its an easy to read summary of neuroscience and behavioral economics that will change the way you value your intuition, your deliberation, and your final decision making.
This band have clearly put in the effort to make sure their live music was at a great standard before being given to the music fans of Stoke-on-Trent- fans which went home feeling the buzz and excitement of something new, something that’s about to happen. Amongst a plethora of talented acts in Stoke-on-Trent, it is Camp Stag who seem to have the talent and ability to take Stoke by the scruff of the neck, and take her from the hidden depths of the national music scene to quite possibly the forefront.
On one hand there is the valorization of ‘scaling up’ and magnified impact means that many CBOs fall entirely by the wayside. At the same time there’s been a move among funders to fund the small projects and then continue their funding practices in ways that keep CBOs small.
The book is presented as a mini-encyclopedia, with entries alphabetized and cross-referenced. It’s intended for browsing, though—no table of contents and no index. Yvonne Gilbert’s illustrations are funny, lovely, or harrowing, depending on need. If I’d read this as a child I would have flipped quickly past the color plate of the Nuckelavee, a centaur-like Orkney sea-monster that is the stuff of nightmare.
I also received a rare and coveted gift from my Mom. My great aunt was heavy into our family heritage that originates on that side of our tree to Scotland and England. Through her research she was given two rare and wonderful pieces of needlework created by our young ancestors. This is the first piece of the two. Mom felt is safer to ship them separately, so the second will arrive at some point on the future.
But why, with billions of rupees already being spent on counter-terrorism activities, is more now needed? Is the government really facing a “formidable threat?” And what is it like to be at the receiving end of the government’s security forces? Soni Sori’s experiences provide some answers to these questions.
Captain John Dancer, Commanding Officer for Enid, reports his team were en route early Sunday morning. Even before the line of storms approached his community, he was responding in the early hours of the morning to a request for assistance.
There may be some firms who have managed to achieve optimal use of technology, but many firms are way behind the curve. High secretarial ratios in the legal profession still reflect a somewhat inefficient use of technology – there are still many partners who have one-to-one secretaries. The brutal truth is that anybody starting a law firm from scratch would staff the firm as leanly as possible, relying instead on heavy investments in systems, technology and sufficient knowledge management to enable menial and administrative tasks to be carried out by lower paid (and less qualified)staff rather than expensive lawyers. Working practices are hard to alter in existing law firms. Incremental improvements have proved top be slow and can easily stall at an intermediate plateau of efficiency.
I've had the most lovely relaxing crafty day, i've had the house to myself for 4 glorious hours and what have i done - bugged you lot lol!
Sow in light in love
Tom the fiance.
So what do I do with my time? Nothing. Or at least, strive for nothing. As much nothing as I can possibly do.
Saturday: Laundering
Yes I am still bloated and look like I'm pregnant. The movement department hasn't done anything. My back is killing me. Not cool at all. My body is hating on me right now and it can hate all it wants because I'm not going to let it bring me down. Who knows what's going on to be honest, it could be a number of things, my stress level, anxiety level of quitting smoking, birth control adjustments, I give up trying to figure out the cause. I'm just gonna ride this wave out and pray my body returns back to normal soon or if it continues it's time to make a doctor visit to my primary doctor to come up with a plan of action.
“When Benjamin Franklin was 23 years old, he wrote an epitaph for himself. Though it was never actually used when he died many years later, the epitaph reflects deep spiritual truth:
The real test is this: if Anna Majavu is biased, what will the media do about it? Will its reaction be as intense as it was to the DA's suggestion? Will Sanef and the PGA release a statement? Will the FXI and the Right 2 Know campaign speak out against her? To these questions, we will never know the answers. Because there appears to exist within media circles an unwritten rule: never criticise another.
All joking aside, my back was not letting me sleep at night, and seriously not getting any better, and I was very frustrated because I try very hard to do...well...everything right.
She is starting to get ready for BlogPaws in June, too. She took photos of Disco and Coco (Brighton wasn’t cooperating) to make ‘Flats’ from, and she is starting to make a list of our friends who are going to go to BlogPaws, too.
**I just want to preface this post by saying that all my thoughts are my own and are only meant in fun and not to be offensive. Sometimes life should be laughed at and not taken so seriously. It's better
The 12 days of Christmas... and what's more Christmassy that a classic children's tale retold. This one truly is a classic: Robinson Crusoe. But, as the introduction says, there's more to the story of Robinson Crusoe than is usually related in children's adaptations of Defoe's novel, so if you've never read the complete story of the mariner's adventures, this is your chance to amaze your friends with your literary prowess.
He requests & requires her/
and then he sang the Backyardigans song: "What's so fun about Ancient Egypt..."
I don't know when I will make it to these parts of the world again. Traveling really derails my writing and I can't afford the time sink for an overseas trip more than once a year, and once I've been somewhere it seems to be several years before I get back again.
Romney's piled up a record that he'll have to run against if he becomes the Republican nominee.
Now, connect the shield to your router or hub with an RJ45 cable, and the Arduino board to the power via USB or external power supply. Then return to your computer, and using your web browser, enter your ethernet shield’s IP address into the URL bar. The web browser will query the ethernet shield, which will return the values from the analogue ports on the Arduino board, as such:
thanks for dropping by everyone and for all your love
“Uncle, what is this”
A rebuttal, if you will. Andrew Malcom is making the claim that because 16% of liberals on social networking sites shut out wingnuts during heated political discussions, that is proof that liberals are, in fact, the intolerant ones. Just like we’re the real racists, we’re also the Real Meanies.
be afraid.
I saw that some one eating the breakfast Ramen. It was a cheap instant kind and 2 fried eggs on it. The instant Ramen that you can possibly purchase for 45 cents at any local Asian market or even at Safeway for a buck.
How will you face him, you that have despised him? You who have doubted his deity, how will you bear the blaze of it? You rejected and trampled on his precious blood, how will you bear the weight of his almighty arm? when on the cross you would not receive him, and when on the throne you shall not escape from him. That silver scepter which he stretches out now to you, if you refuse to touch it, shall be laid aside and he will take one of another metal, a rod of iron, and he shall break you in pieces, yea, he shall dash you in pieces like potters’ vessels. And God shall be there, manifestly there, that God who is here this morning, and who sees your thoughts and reads your minds at this moment, but who is so invisible that you forget that he fills this place and fills all places; you shall not be able to forget him then.
Beyonce created an incredible 8 song cycle of all the feelings of infatuation, exhilaration, frustration and vindication that come with love and marriage, complete with some of the most daring music and thrilling vocal performances of her already impressive career. And then she padded it out with some shitty singles like "Party" and "Run The World," because 4 was apparently named for the number of songs you need to remove from the album to make it a solid listen.
"If I wanted to get any skinnier, that would mean I would have to stop eating the Ranch Breakfast--and I would always choose the Ranch Breakfast over looking skinny."
Detractors will no doubt observe that ‘political’ realities will always push the real solution out of the way in favour of fudge and gesture. My contention is that ‘political reality’ is an oxymoron: the very introduction of the word ‘political’ means that, for short term gain, tactics or lack of spine, reality is altered in favour of retention of power. The whole culture would have to change for Radical Reality (RR) to work at its full potential; in the meantime, my strategy would be to use the discipline as a catalyst for (1) practical change and (2) analysis of where we went wrong with the previous policy – or idea, or economic form etc etc.
In their search for light.
Into the new awareness of fresh originality
19. Definition ft. Mos Def
But look! Pop the top shell off a dozen or so fresh bivalves. Slide them onto the top rack of the smoker. Wait a measly hour or so. You get smoked oysters!
And, queue the angry Jets fans whining about my selection. To them, I say stop wasting time with Sanchez Dee and Tebow Dum and draft a real quarterback, because the rest of the team isn’t half bad. But getting a couple above average guys in this draft isn’t going to help much.
He then suggests four principles that we should adopt and proposes a Constitutional amendment to implement them. The principles are: (1 & 2) Non-interference: no military action in other countries and no foreign aid; (3) Secure ourselves against attack by updating our missile and border defenses. Mr. Browne thinks that our Defense Department is incompetent to handle the task, and suggests that the feds should offer a $25 billion reward to the private contractor who can set up a competent defense system; (4) If we are threatened by a foreign ruler, target the ruler, say with a $100 million reward for his assassination (including by his wife and closest aides), sparing his people.
(Thanks, Celina Summers!)
And in this same way, we are called sons and daughters of God. Galatians 4:1-7
Heat the oven to 350 degrees. Grease a round 10×2 inch cake pan.
Can you make it to the shocking ending? Will Johnny's party be a success? Did you use good thinking and invite all his friends? And what will become of them, in THE ROOM.
“What are you waiting for?” one protester yelled in the face of an army officer outside Mubarak’s main palace, Oruba, in northern Cairo, where a crowd of demonstrators grew to more than 2,500. “Did you pledge your allegiance to the president or the people?” another shouted.
Anyway, I do that, then use a few different glazes, and then do more sanding in between coats. It's a pretty intense job!
urban standards of Nairobi where I used to buy books and enjoy movies
If you have a suggestion for a song, leave it in the comment along with your contribution and they’ll be worked in to the line-up. Due to time constraints, this will now be a monthly post, showing up the first Thursday of every month minimum. Some months may have additional posts, but we’ll just see how it goes.
The nice thing about this is that it should fit Miss M for quite a few years so she can wear it at later birthday parties or even just as part of her dress up clothes. Attach a little silk sash to the top and you have a perfect princess hat.
Over 30 million people in the UK now use Facebook as a way of sharing their lives with friends. But as our attitude towards social networking relaxes, it’s easy to forget the comments we post can have serious consequences.
Lay out each crescent roll. Add a couple of pepperoni circles and a couple cubes of cheese to each roll. I usually do about 4-5 of each. Roll up the crescent roll (making sure that it's sealed everywhere) and bake as directed on the crescent roll container.
The murder of Mongolian national Altantuya Shaariibuu using military explosives in 2006 is a grim reminder that deals arranged by high-ranking Malaysian politicians are usually accompanied by sex and sometimes, murder.
My goal this year is for all five of our active alumnae chapters to participate and turn in a total of 3,000 lids. This would be only 1% of ZTA's overall goal, but it would mean collecting 614 more lids than last year.
I called Louise Backer, manager of the Springfield Symphony Youth Orchestra and she said she's "new at this job" and never heard of Ben Snyder although she had heard of Bob Staffanson. I told her about myself and the Symphony in the old days and about the musical Stusicks. Backer said she will send me some of their promotional material. Susan Bennett is the Public Relations Director. Any relation to the District Attorney?
Maybe I should re-read some of the books from my old favourite series, The Babysitters Club and see if I’ve simply lost the ability to relate to my 13 year old self. Except that I only have to think about other books I enjoyed at around that age: the Tomorrow When the War Began series (and, also from John Marsden, Letters from the Inside, So Much to Tell You, Dear Miffy), or Ruth Park’s Playing Beatie Bow, and it’s clear which books have had more of an impact and stayed with me far longer – and which I would likely enjoy just as much today as I did a decade ago. Perhaps that’s the difference.
People always ask me if they should use soap and even antiseptic chemicals like bleach when cleaning eggs.
This song was written in 1952, but I like Carla Bruni’s version best. I freaking adore her. She has the most gorgeous voice AND she’s the first lady of France AND she’s a tres belle femme. It’s all about letting the person you love go off in search of themselves. Voila:
Our family will be utilising Skwirk in our Home School over the coming months and will share with you our adventures with this type of interactive learning.
She flicked it once. Then she dropped an eight-by-ten glossy on my desk.
This battle is not over. In the meantime I’m going to behave like someone who doesn’t believe in miraculous healing and go get my insulin. Since I skipped a day already and my shot isn’t until bedtime, I’m not sure what I should do. Fellow diabetics, if you can hear me, could you just throw this struggling David a lifeline.
He is shy, though. I've taken many pictures of him, but he is so fast that this was the only one I could actually save. The others came out blurred, as he fled when he saw me. Little shit!
After all 7 were completed, I headed back into the garage and got to work. I don't have any in-progress shots of this because Brad wasn't home, but here is the basic process: thread the needle, attach a washer to the end, push it through the hole and through the button, come back through the same hole, pull it tight, use a staple gun to hold the thread down, and wrap back around through the washer and around the staple to secure. After breaking the threads a couple times from pulling too hard, I double threaded my needle (so there was 4 strands). Make sure to push the needle through as straight as possible, so your buttons stay level.
I also love chocolate, especially Hershey's Hugs
Her chin tilted up just a fraction, and Ramsey almost laughed with delight at the defiant way she played the game so well.
Now anyone familiar with Adriana’s afrikaner-genocide-archives, will have noticed that she makes no claim that the list of names are complete. Rooster’s accusation that Adriana is knowingly misleading people because her list only contains 1165 names, is thus a blatant false assumption!
28. The Grip Weeds-Under The Influence Of Christmas (Rainbow Quartz)
The common theme for the first two with Jimmy would be the background of ethnic issues. Jimmy with a bigoted father, an aristocratic Frenchwoman with family members who collaborated with the Nazis, the Algerian woman with what went on when the French were expelled.
Notorious B.I.G.
But what to do? How do you fix an old quilt? I really didn't like the idea of trying to somehow replace all of those pieces. Should I try and patch it? Then I thought about how hideous a patch would be. And then I thought some more... and realized that an applique is basically a fancy word for a "patch." Eureka!
pushing his bottom into the air, and announced,
“Can you start Monday?”
now, I couldn't possibly not mention this one, beacuse...
Conway – Kirani James, this year’s World Champion.
The garden is coming along ok. We have a good stand of sweet corn coming up. I transplanted the tomatoes and peppers yesterday. The potatoes are doing well. I planted some kohlrabi in amongst the potatoes where there were some empty spots. First planting of beans are in the ground as are the watermelons and cantaloupe. Now if the good Lord is willing and the creek don't rise, we should be just about set.
Strangely, the only thing that comes to mind are the classic words of Alessandra Mussolini, modern Italian personality/politician, and granddaughter of the infamous Benito Mussolini. They don't have a lot of relevance to this situation per se, but still, it's what comes to mind. And funny. She fired this one off after being accused of fascism by a transgender Italian politician.
There’s been an interesting online discussion lately about hopes versus expectations for kids with Down syndrome. Like any group of parents, there are many schools of thought about how best to raise a child with Down syndrome. Some advocate for lots of therapies and supplements. Some advocate for a wholly natural environment of few-to-none therapies and just letting life be the teacher. A lot of people fall in the middle.
Thanks to the gods, and your house, under your feet
- Never be afraid to ask for help.
The Curiosities will be released on October 1st 2012.
The best part of it is that I'll get to watch these people (and many more) perform often when I get to NL as all but Barry Canning live there and I'm sure he'll show up as well!
A couple of years ago when we were still learning about each other, L had flattered me over the phone by saying that she woke up having erotic thoughts about me. The next morning I emailed her. L has reasons to be paranoid about having her email hacked, and she likes us to be discrete:
What did Jesus mean by these teachings? I think it is very simple….God Loves us all: The Sinner; The Lost; The Faithful; The Angry; The Sick; The Poor; The Rich; The Believer, and the Nonbeliever. God loves us ALL, as His Creations, all the same. For those who believe that Jesus came and contradicted what God had preached in the Old Testament of the Bible, I think then, that they have completely missed God’s points within that book to begin with. Jesus came to live on this earth, to show us how to differentiate between MANMADE LAWS and DIVINE LAWS, when it comes to seeking God. Jesus’ message was quite consistent with God’s teachings; we just have to “read between the lines”. Look at how Jesus chose the disciples that He did; they came from ALL DIFFERENT PATHS OF LIFE. From fishermen, to taxcollectors, to doctors, to warriors. Even those that He has healed along His Journeys on this earth, they were all condemned by Man and their Manmade Laws, but through their faith, Jesus told them that they were healed in the Eyes of God, through their faith in believing that God can help them of their wrongs and faults. Such love is truly unfathomable….and it is always awaiting for us with arms wide open, from Up Above.
Daddy often chides me for making you and your brother older than you are, when I spend the last few months before your birthday rounding up. But I feel like you really are going to inhabit this age well, and eight looks good on you. Particularly this new "with glasses" version of you.
And another: Jane Smith also received a solicitor’s letter. I didn’t want to point this out as I wasn’t sure if she wanted this made public.
The plate came with a sweet spinach salad on the side, which ended up being my favorite part of the meal. I could have eaten five pounds of that salad and still asked for more. I also ordered a raspberry ice tea, freshly brewed and unsweetened, just the way I like it. At least part of my meal was tasty.
August marks the third anniversary of our web site! And to celebrate we're having 2 contests. The first one is easy- each day between now and when we release the new collection we'll choose a random winner from the orders we receive every day and they'll get a $5 SN gift certificate. All you have to do is place an order on our site, and we'll choose a winner from that day's orders. I'll set your odds of winning at about 1 in 20- meaning if we get 20 orders we'll choose one winner, if we get 40 orders we'll choose 2 winners etc.
I should say, I have a BIG secret and it has to do with the Warm Fuzzies Blogfest. It's the reason I haven't been able to announce the start date for the fest until today.
Other aero
An Eclipse prayer is made up of two rakaats of prayer (two units of prayer). Basically there are two rukus (bowings) and two recitations from Qur’an in each unit of prayer (rakaat) – in normal prayer, there is only one bowing per unit of prayer (see my post on How to Pray).
10-29-2011
1/2 lb. Basque chorizo, sliced
But the managers of Lake Michigan are anxious about this very possibility.
Dinner tonight was cooked by Chef Al who prepared seared scallops with a butter bomb.....beautifully carmelized and perfectly cooked. This was served with fresh corn on the cob and salad. Great dinner!
Samcedes
When I posted earlier about chocolate, and specifically about Hershey, I had sent an email to Hershey asking why they did not participate in Fair Trade. I have received a lengthy email in return, from their Consumer Affairs Department.
TRUST A BEAUTY WITH A PAST?
The third student replied, “When I ride my bicycle, I am content to chant nam myoho renge kyo.” The teacher gave his praise to the third student, “Your mind will roll with the ease of a newly trued wheel.”
This afternoon, I had the chance to interview him by phone in a rather spur-of-the-moment occasion. Most times interviews take place after nearly a week of correspondence, but this was completed in just about an hour.
That's something else: this guy that plays Ricky, the aforementioned Eric Freeman, apparently is either one of those guys who was hired because he had this leading man look to him, or someone owed him a favor. And as far as line readings go... well, maybe we can overlook that. We could, save for the fact that he invokes a very loud, growling tone in every line of dialogue. Of course, it's all accompanied with wide eyes, sneering lips and nostrils flaring so as to put a rabid rottweiler to shame.
I actually agree with that — there’s nothing hidden about the bias in much of the MSM. But in case that wasn’t enough, there’s no better way to prove to the world that you’re an objective journalist than by taking part in MSNBC’s by-liberals-for-liberals branding campaign, the “Lean Forward” ads.
The BB liner smudges if I rub my finger on it whereas the MM doesn't. The BB liner is waterproof but the MM isn't (but it stays put all day).. in a perfect world, I would have a liner that has both of the good qualities..
The next thing you know, Smed is sending you the last 1993 Donruss Dodger that you need. It's one that you didn't know was part of the team set because Seanez is listed as a Colorado Rockie in the checklists. Which made you think, "Oh crap, I have to admit I need 1993 Donruss."
Brett and his wife are doing this: limiting their food and drink to a maximum of R12 dailyfor a week, and donating the money they would’ve spent on food to a charity instead.
We have not seen a court overturn a law that was passed by Congress on an economic issue, like health care, that I think most people would clearly consider commerce, a law like that has not been overturned at least since Lochner. So we’re going back to the ’30s, pre-New Deal.
God this movie sucked; it was just so…lacking in anything resembling life that I couldn’t even stand it. Hellraiser III was like the first two movies on Ritalin. It was completely tired and unexciting in every way possible. I’m serious; this shit was putting me to sleep for most of the runtime. Even Doug Bradley wasn’t as good this time, and he didn’t use his cool deep voice at all, instead opting for a more generic British-accented voice that sounds like a third rate James Bond villain or something. And if you don’t have Doug Bradley being awesome in a Hellraiser movie, then what do you have? Nothing, that’s what.
realized there was not a single
The levels tool looks like a graph or histogram. By using the dropper feature and sliding the arrows around you can create different effects, including lightening up your photographs.
We always enjoy going as it gives us a chance to see people we haven't seen in a while....and of course celebrate the children's achievements.
Voice Actors: Tomoaki Maeno (Atsushi Doujou), Marina Inoue (Iku Kasahara), Kanji Suzumori (Genda Ryuusuke), Haruo Satou (Kazuichi Inamine)
After getting tired of reading these tweets and feeling like an idiot, I decided to actually find out what all the hubbub was about. I entered the soccer world. And boy did I choose a heck of a time to enter it.
“For every one of those needs, you can probably think of a game that does an exceptional job of fulfilling it through its “core play aesthetics” to use the Extra Credits terminology. The main point of Skyrim, for example, is exploration. The main point of Minecraft is expression. The main point of SSX is challenge. Each of these games has a core play aesthetic that meets one basic psychological need that varies in intensity from person to person.”
Jon Mitzmacher, as Head of School, set clear expectations, defining minimum requirements and raising the bar every year.
I design kitchen gardens with beds which are 1.2m wide so that whatever is grown within them can be reached by leaning over from the side, thereby avoiding the need for standing on the soil. Especially where soil is heavy, I recommend building raised beds from mini-sleepers or softwood planks held in place with corner posts. Raising the soil and adding organic matter (manure or compost) will improve the condition of the soil, help it drain better, and also help it to warm up quicker in spring. So if you are gardening on clay soil, this is the ideal way to grow veg.
Enjoy....I know I will!
“Discipline ‘makes’ individuals” states Foucault (1995, p. 170). He explains how there was, and perhaps still is, power over the people through the use of three techniques: hierarchical observation, normalizing judgment, and the examination (p. 170). After reading this text, I find myself questioning my perceptions of life, my beliefs, and more specifically how I experience this model in the school system where I currently work. I will discuss the importance of the development of critical thinking, lost in the constructs described by Foucault, but vital for a change from “the ‘physics’ of power” (p. 177) to empowerment.
 That “dumbing-down” will also enable them to continue running their “holocaust” scam indefinitely.
This is a bit random - but I thought it was so cool that I wanted to share! Are you all fans of Sprinkles Cupcakes? We have one here in Dallas and they are delicious! Well...the Beverly Hills location just launched their 24-hour cupcake ATM! I am hoping that they will launch these in all locations - how fun! You can pick your flavor, and it comes right out for you any time of day!
FACT ONE: The first poem I wrote that I can find is inside a birthday card for my mum. My mum kept everything and I know I was 6 as she has labelled it: Liz wrote this when she was 6.
Fridge Coasters should be placed in high traffic areas inside your refrigerator; under produce in the crisper bins and under milk and salad dressing in the doors. Fridge Coasters are the ultimate multi-tasker. In addition to providing functional fashion for your fridge, try them on the wire racks in your pantry, underneath the kitchen sink or in your laundry room under the detergent. The possibilities are endless. They come in 3 useful sizes: door coaster, original shelf and bin coaster: place in shallow deli/drawer bins and large bin coaster: place in veggie bins or directly on the shelf surface.
C: Well, of course they’re not all true, but some of them are. Yeah, you’re right, some of them may be harmful. But in my opinion, if people would learn to stop being so offended, then racism wouldn’t exist. We wouldn’t have these problems. White people are the first to be blamed for racism, but other people are just as racist to white people as white people are to them.
With a wide brush and
Now, that is an interesting bit of logic: Don’t attack, because if you do, Iran won’t let back in the inspectors who were so impotent in the first place that Tehran is now on the cusp of nuclear capability.
A1c Connaturally
Today I *might* have *possibly* added just a touch *or tablespoon* too much ground chipotle pepper to a new bbq pulled chicken recipe I was making for dinner.
Reviewer Rating: 8.5/10
( omg this sounds so weird )
All other parties suffered varying degrees of defeat.
We turned and left.
To make things as simple as possible for our stall holders the click to buy links take you directly to the sellers website or facebook page, on their own websites you will be able to buy there and then, for those that go through to facebook just leave a comment on the item photo stating that you wish to buy it and the seller will get back to you.
6. Never let a man make you feel weak or inferior because you are an emotional being. Emotion is good; it is nothing to be ashamed of. Emotion makes us better – so long as it remains in it’s proper place: subject to truth and reason.
Guiao’s gunners seemed to loss they’re outside handle, as they miss shots after shots that fueled the Rain or Shine’s offense. Chan, Lee and Buenafe’s scoring were all decreased compared to their impressive showing at the Philippine Cup.
Students will need to earn over £21,000 a year before they even begin to pay back their loan and it has been calculated that students would have to earn over £41,000 for 30 years if they wish to completely pay back their loans at all.
May God bless us with happiness
But apparently my Mom had had enough of the hermit’s life and somehow, against my better judgment, managed to get me out of the house for an outing to Cracker Barrel. I voiced my silly concerns. “No one will even notice you!” she cooed, and before I knew it, we were standing in line for a table. The young black host on duty was bending down to retrieve our menus, and upon standing up, laid eyes on the mass of flesh that is Small Elephant. His eyes grew alarmingly huge and the first words out of his mouth were seemingly a declaration meant for the entire restaurant to hear. “You are pregnant!” he blurted out. I gave him a passingly polite smile and nodded, hoping we could move on to another subject, like where our table would be. Nope. He just had to go on. “No, I mean, you are pregnant!” he exclaimed. I gritted my teeth, trying to school my emotions and control my response. “Yep, I’m pregnant alright.” I replied, inwardly pleading for him to leave me be. Nope. Again, he just had to go on. All the way to our table. Ending with my favorite: “You’ve got to be having twins, right? There’s no way there’s not two babies in there!” I felt like every eye was on me and every ear was tuned in to the loud conversation I did not want to be having, but I managed to keep my kindness intact and he finally left us to move on to the next customer. “No one will notice??…” I asked Mom, who offered me a hundred apologies. I was so mortified and ordered something pitiful like two biscuits and a glass of juice and swore I would never leave the house again until my water broke…
I mean, how can we not love and respect a country that takes it upon itself to exonerate a dead rock star for flashing some 40 years ago.
Eventually, we got out of bed, had an amazing lunch, then wandered a bit more before I had to go back to Bilbao to catch a flight to Barcelona.
ps: bank cards work just as well too, but they also have their own story...
But it isn't that horrible breathing or the faint yet undeniable strain of song delivered by that mysterious voice that still, to this day, years after the experience, years after the old farmhouse was finally torn down, years after the grandparents sold the property and moved away, haunts my mind in the quiet dark before sleep overtakes me. Rather, it is the final two seconds of that recording that will always stay with me, and will always serve as proof to my mind that despite our best efforts to argue to the contrary, there are things that happen in this life that are beyond the bounds of rational explanation.
Check out the inventory. We’re adding new things often. (I have lots here that I need to get on top of listing.) If you like us on FB, and email us on Etsy, we’ll send you a code for 20% off your purchase as a thank you for helping us get the word out! :)
We sent screenshots of the book's lack of availability and its failure to appear in any distributor warehouse. It's in the publisher warehouse alone—which does not equal being available through regular trade channels. We also sent a PDF of the relevant contract page with the initialed changes to their boilerplate. This material went out return receipt—and finally, we received a promise to review the situation and get back to us in a week.
Was cleaning out my Horlicks Jar. Oh, COME ON, we ALL clean out our Horlicks Jar.
so we might be lightyears away from seeing Nick's Cali dimple scruffy face live on video
Sadly, there’s no Pizza this time, but tea and cookies will be served at 3:30 PM in PHSC 424.
Ok, chickens.
While the students sat down in the chairs in front of her desk and pulled out their tablet computers, Gisela took a last swig of her Domenicano then trashed her cup. She put her handbag in the large draw of her oak desk. Then she daintily sat down in the wheeled chair in front of her computer, jiggled the mouse to dispel the screen saver showing pictures of women in the Third World, and then pulled up the drafts of the essays that Kendra, Lila and Mitzi had set. Her raised chin and her cheek-length dark straight projected a statuesque look of educated certainty, the kind that is hard won by earning a postgraduate degree in Women’s Studies. She read with confidence, clicked with confidence, evaluated and judged with confidence. After all, she had all the requisite knowledge, skills and values to draw accurate, valid and acceptable conclusions the could seduce like-minded contemporaries in the academic, literary, activist and other elite circles, the people most likely to hold the reins of power necessary to improve the lives of the marginalized and the oppressed, notwithstanding the fact that they had no access to or interest in her theories about them or her proposed solutions to their problems.
The other event will be the April 28 Bersih 3.0 rally. Will it take off as the organizers have planned. Bersih has announced a total nationwide target crowd-size of 500,000. Pundits are saying, if even 100,000 turn up, then Najib will be shifting his GE-13 target date to September, and from there, he may even shift it further to 2013.
Danny Charman has retired after a career in the National Football League. He has started a new career as a lawyer in Dallas. Actually, all he really wants to do, is work a half day and play golf the other half. Oh, and of course, he would like to fool around with the ladies as much as possible. That is, until early one morning, he learns that one of his former teammates has been murdered. The murder took place at a hunting and fishing lodge in a national forest near a small town north of Dallas. That afternoon, he learns that another one of his former teammates has been taken into custody. Immediately, Danny knows something is wrong. His two former teammates were best of friends, born and raised together in the small town. One would not have killed the other.
She's proven herself to be adaptable.
Came to sing a few old gospel songs
Don’t get caught in the egoic trap of your surroundings dictating to you your mindset. Just because your immediate surroundings may not have the toys of the world that are supposed to indicate an abundant state, believe me they are only an extension thereof.
The draft regulations do not provide for an implementation date. As many of the provisions of the draft will have cost implications for a number of hospitality establishments, it would be prudent for those directly affected to request that a reasonable period is provided in order to allow for timeous alterations and or renovations where applicable.
Yes, indeed, I had not paid it.
and this influence is made even more obvious to me
ways to distinguish themselves from each other, suggests Fr
This is what the house looks like at present. I love the front entry (what would you call this- it is much more then a front porch.)
25.) “What if there were no such thing as a writer? What if everyone simply wrote? What if there were no ‘being a real writer’ to aspire to?”-Julia Cameron, The Right to Write
This was my grandmother's china. To my knowledge, my grandmother never saw St. Augustine, but her china came to live here and the story is in some ways quintessentially St. Augustinian. Connections, connections...
Scenario play in Warmahordes is not just a tournament standard. In fact, I would advice anyone already over the game rules learning hill with a decent (25 points?) collection to play scenarios from the get go. Here’s why.
we had a guided walking tour of downtown Charleston which was very interesting. we happened to be the only ones in that particular group so a 2 hour tour turned into a 3 hour tour with lots of information. here are a couple of pictures from the tour
The next morning, we went to the far left side of the cove and walked out to this place where these 13 ton iron sculptures are bolted into the rocks. I loved them. They are called “Peine del Viento” – the Wind Combs. According to the artist, he was trying to create a space where the sea, the wind, iron and the rocks could all converse together. Where the wind “could be combed as it enters the city”. In addition to the cool sculptures the entire area was amazing – it looked like it could be a scene out of Indiana Jones with cliffs going straight up, and jungle-like vines growing on them, and a series of plazas created out of red granite, with huge swells of Atlantic water crashing again the rock walls. The best part for the kids was probably the blow holes created when they were building the plaza. There are about 6 holes in the floor of the plaza, and when a particularly big wave came in, a mixture of air and salt water spray would come blowing up these holes. They sounded like a killer whale when he blows his top, and the force of the air coming up lifted Nicky’s pants right up to his knees. The kids would take turns watching for big waves, then warn the others to get into position. We could have stayed there for an hour.
Huge Hugs,
To make the filling, in a large bowl, combine the cream cheese and sugar and beat together until blended and smooth. Stir in flour until blended. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition until the batter is smooth. Stir in the cream and vanilla and almond extracts and stir until incorporated. Gently fold in the blueberries. Pour the batter into the prepared crust.
What do you do if you have a flea problem?
I am sure many of the Eastern Orthodox pilgrims are so moved that they contribute generously.
For a very corrupt democracy to exist, most people have to agree that's the way things should be. Even regular Joes like me and you. Did you want a receipt with that? Are you sure? (If you say 'no,' the tax-man won't have a clue about this purchase...and I can charge you 10% less.)
Ours were hearts
It has two versions of Looking down the ross- both are really nice AUd recordings the 2nd source is just a little more "trebly". Here's the notes from the taper and the original uploader- thanks to him
And the presents aren’t expensive; one year, we made it a Dollar Store Christmas.
Portable Machintosh launched by Apple Computer has a clear active matrix display and a battery that can last a long time. Unfortunately with these conditions, relatively poor sales of the Mac Portable. This is due to the form of Portable Macs are less attractive.
Airbrushing is still widespread in today's era of baseball cards, although it has taken on a new moniker.
This day would live in … memories of everyone.
That's my randomness for the day.
By the time both kids were finished the sun was beating down and we were very proud parents. Excellent effort by both kids!
Art's New Winners and Losers
Where: Back Shore: Jan from the Atlantis graciously offered her parking lot
In our diverse electronic world with so much competition for attention, our future revenue streams are much less obvious and far more fragmented. And given that I.T. investment is so incredibly expensive, I don’t really buy the argument that eBooks are cheaper to produce than pBooks. If you are thinking just in terms of unit production costs – yes – possibly. But the I.T. and time investment required to morph a print publishing business to an e-publishing business is certain to be a major expense in terms of the initial financial and human-resource investment (and change in human resource deployment is always accompanied by incalculable quantities of management pain and therefore management time).
Happy weekend friends! Today I'm driving down to Miami to see my mom, my brother and my grandma that are visiting from Colombia. I can't wait to be there! But before I leave, I'll like to share a card I made for my mom. She is crazy about shopping!
Labatt Blue is another past-time of mine. On my family farm we have a keg-erator that always has a barrel of “teeth cracking cold” Blue on tap all summer long. Although it is outside of my normal scope of craft beers, there is still nothing like filling up a mug of Blue and sitting around the fire shootin’ the shiz with my family.
But big deal at our house
‘Wait, wait, wait. What’s happening?’
The Spirit has now released him man-ward. As we saw in the wilderness encounter with the Tempter, the “thoughts” he is making known are the thoughts of the Father. This is the reason for the notoriety he was receiving.
I've hidden from the sun
Eve: “So do I. Because we are young Mrs. Fisher. Time doesn’t tell the truth about our souls. Only love. We’re all children when we truly love.”
'Jim and the beanstalk' by Raymond Briggs is a sequel to Jack. Jim goes up the beanstalk to find a sad, bald, giant in bad health. He helps him to get glasses, new teeth and wig and gets a gold coin in return. A happy ending to Jack stealing from the giant!
Thinking like terrorists simply breeds terrorists; but it seems that in New Britain, at least for now, some terrorists are more equal than others.
Desirable brands have been among the targets of the looters who, excited by the prospect of owning high fashion wear or cool sports clothing that lies beyond their immediate budgets and short-term expectations, have simply helped themselves. Some have hidden their faces under hoods and behind balaclava helmets, while others have taken no such precautions to preserve their anonymity. All have performed before an audience of security cameras and, as I write these words, many have already been visited by the enforcement agencies, charged and even sentenced for their criminal offences.
we had it rough back then
I am really impressed with how durable the SuperMarket Smarty is. You would imagine that it would tear or fall apart easily but that is not the case. The symbol key is very nice and helps you in finding the most healthiest food for your family. Right underneath the symbol key area the magnifying glass is located. This has come in handy more times then I would have thought it would.
I will live as I see fit, as always. And I am not rabidly emotional over this stuff like it may seem. I'm just curious to see what is next, and wish I could anticipate it in a way that would make me money without it being tax dollars.
The process of closer European integration is geared to generating a global system of government in which nations and their cultures are cast aside. The European Union actively demands the dismantling of our national borders, that we allow the free movement of foreign workers into Britain and the removal of our laws that seek to protect our national culture. Actions and policies of this nature were once labeled as communism, or even further back, Nazism. It is our aim to restore power back to the British Parliament so that the British people can once again live in a free country, where democracy and the rule of law ensure we remain a free people in perpetuity.
Each song was well received, but Nicki's little red dress drew a lot of applause and wolf whistles. The audience joined in and sang along (and also banged tambourines- but the less said about that the better!)
Blue Cheese, Country Bacon, Southwestern
First of all, thank you to the many who prayed for my labor & Amara’s delivery. Amara’s birth was an answer to prayer! Here’s the story….
The Menu
The way my emotions are wired sex, love and intimacy are all sides of the same coin.
Lest we forget, the Murdoch organisation effectively owns half the Republican Party – and lavishly entertained a large group of senior Met Police personnel at the height of the original Hackgate scandal. One senior retired officer (whose role remains unexplained) is Andy Hayman, a man employed today by Newscorp. My hunch remains that the civil cases will be the catalyst here: but that puts an awful lot of pressure on the likes of Steve Coogan and Jude Law.
Just say no?
Heck yes, freedom at last.
The current state of South Africa is a sterling example of what is fated to happen to a modern country when a primitive people have the leeway to reassert their identity....at all costs. This process, known as indigenization, or re-primitivization, is characterized by, inter alia, abysmal levels of corruption, brutal inter-tribal conflict, nepotism and a collapsing infrastructure. Alas, the sad story of post-colonial Africa.
Merging their love for 60s psych, soul music, 80s post punk, 70sMOR and NYC street punk, the trio that are CONCUBINES have produced a dramatic and vibrant alternative music which they term, ‘indie soul.’
Shandassa* - used in Ein Arris, language of the countries Mashanda and Narhanha.
Axiom: the worst
All you give is excuses. I haven't slept. I'm delivering equipment to Mobile. My allergies are bothering me. I just woke up. And you never realize once how much all of this hurts me.
Today these approaches have synthesized, tending to characterize a work by whether the kind of woman is the focus or whether the sexual difference encompasses other differences in identity. They stress that all women are female, but their conflicts and goals distinguish them from others. In short, feminism encompasses both the woman’s view of a male author’s written and lifestyle attitude toward women and the woman’s world, and the woman’s perspective of a female author’s need to be heard, in the context of a previously male dominated world of female silence.
Can't wait to be sitting around with good people,
Markowski wouldn’t normally have much of a problem with that, but his daughter may be next on the killer’s list…
from “The Language of Letting Go.”
Party here.
It’s easy to lie about dead bodies. It’s also easy to count them.
I just received a copy of Howard Pyle: American Master Rediscovered - the brand new book which complements the exhibition of the same name at the Delaware Art Museum.
To complement the set, Summer from Belles 'n Whistles has added one of these darling Scarecrow and Little Wizard stamps and I have added a cute little scarecrow soap dispenser and pumpkin spice hand soap and candle.
From an inauspicious start to a very satisfying conclusion. As it happened, the sag (support and gear, I think) driver I had engaged cancelled the morning we were supposed to leave. Determined to go and ride, instead of being pressed into rotating sag service, I decided to ask the first person I saw that morning in the ladies room: Anna, a coworker I hardly knew.
someone plucked to drop here.
USA TODAY bestseller Natalie Anderson writes fun, frisky, feels-good contemporary romance for Harlequin Mills & Boon and Entangled. With twenty books published, she’s also been a Romantic Times Award nominee & a finalist for the R*BY (Romantic Book of the Year). She lives in Christchurch, New Zealand with her husband, four children and what feels like a million ducks.
Walk with the knowledge you’ll never walk alone.
I've never seen my engineers so happy!
ABV: 5.3%
Here is the tray after . . .
By Erik Baker
When we settle down, we sometimes forget just how awesome and beautiful our home can be. I’ve found that pretending to be a tourist gives you a new perspective and lets you really appreciate your home town.
THANK YOU for taking the time to stop by today. I wish you a delightful day, doing whatever brings you pleasure.
I'd recommend grabbing a sandwich from a patisserie on the way. The train is about 1 hour each way from the center of the city. Beautiful views on the way.
There were chickens and goats and this little guy who i think is a ram, but he was living with the chickens, so maybe he was confused. There were also horses and shetlen ponies - which totally freak me out because all i can envision when i see them is THIS.... and ew.
There is no doubt that female students have produced a significant amount of work, which can be seen as gendered. Happily those interviewed did not feel that LCC has done anything to prevent this. From this a member of the department began to think how we could then develop gender as part of the sound arts curriculum and this is why we were so keen to house the Her Noise Archive at LCC.
Must I not stem the flood?
Black fungus is very high in iron. Those who do not enjoy offals such as chicken liver or pork liver should try to incorporate black fungus in the diet as a source of iron - to help nourish the blood, and especially when you are on a vegetarian diet.
Dave, The Gratitude Guy
A school friend of mine picked up the second issue and, knowing I had a particular interest in them, told me there was a new comic out that had dinosaurs in it. I snapped it up and went on to buy it regularly for about a decade.
I am punishing myself today though.
First, we must want more from God. Sin is settling for less than what he’s promised, and unless we are longing for more from him every day we will not be dissatisfied with our sin and the counterfeit fulfillment it supplies. (Jer. 2:13).
I'm going to show you below how I made my card. I'm by no means an expert at this type of card...though I have made a couple before...and this is not the only way to do it, but it gives you the basic principles.
Go to Feature Codes and under Voicemail, disable “My Voicemail” (*97) using the dropdown, then Submit Changes.
Directions: Mix it all up in a bowl and let sit in fridge for at least an hour for best flavor. Leaving it overnight is even better. Serve on a sandwich, with crackers, over a green salad, or eat it straight up with a fork. Flavor for one!
regime in Harare to try and meet the demand for cash in an environment where
Here is the original post from 2 days ago. So Far.. all the named areas in CA, OR, ID, MN, WI, MO, OK, and TX(borderline) have been hit.. still waiting for CO, AL, GA, FL.
Men Killed by Jonah - 3
That night after I got out of work Tom and I split the bottle of Better Half and my god was it good!
I made this card in about 3 minutes. Literally. Doesn't get better than that. Plus, I used some Paper Smooches stamps. I guess it did get better. :)
This dress is a size 4, and is knitted to size 5 length. I would have liked to have knitted it longer but as it was when I cast off I only had about 8cm of wool left. But the dress length is perfect with some leggings underneath.
9. Unschoolers learn healthy eating/sleeping/hygiene habits because they learn to listen to their bodies needs and because they have positive relationships with role-modeling adults.
And so, as with all things we have for so long taken for granted as our natural rights as citizens of this country, we are being enveloped into an ever-increasing blue zone of privilege-based rights, where even the planting of gardens, the hanging of laundry in our backyards, the washing of our cars in public, and the amount of water used for these tasks is metered and allotted to us by our masters – the ones we vote for.
That night I try on both the dresses and make my final decision: a black tube dress that shows off my shoulders. No sense in going drag if you can’t look good, right?
And on the table this week is another of our family favourites -RICOTTA CHOOK -via my dearest friend who is a fantastic cook (you know the same one who is always rescuing me from disasters!)
GO AND SEND THE MONEY IF YOU WANT ME TO MAKE MY TRIP BY FRIDAY.YOU HAVE TO SEND ME YOUR AIRPORT SO THAT MY FLIGHT WILL LAND THERE.
The book named the British politicians they blamed for the war. It was a huge best-seller.
* Carrion Crawler/The Dream by Thee Oh Sees . If you caught my rantings about this year's South by Southwest, you know that one of my favorite "discoveries" was this San Franciso band, who I saw on the same bill as The Gories, Kid Congo Powers & The Pink Monkeybirds and The Spits.
Today was pretty busy:
Spouse & Children: If you have them, great. I'd suggest using them, especially if they are doing first person with you. If they don't reenact, or you don't have one, there are lots of reasons a spouse could simply be “someplace else”. The war, sailing, at work, in “the” town etc. The same goes for children. Indentures are another great way to get rid of your children, whether you actually have them or not. I frequently mention my own daughters “indenture” to various (and constantly changing) individuals, when in reality she is just at home.
According to Elizabeth Rogers and Thomas M. Kostigen, authors of The Green Book: The Everyday Guide to Saving the Planet (2007, Random House), each American uses an average of 2,200 two-ply napkins a year. The National Resources Defense Council states that if every household in the United States replaced just one package of 250-count virgin-fiber napkins with 100 percent recycled ones, 1 million trees would be spared.
You must carefully continue to follow the gluten-free diet. When untreated, the disease can cause life-threatening complications.
I used double images of the leaf stamps on their matching die cuts, one in plain paper and the other in co-ordinating patterned paper... and this flower is from a new little store that I found recently, check it out if you get a chance they have just had a new release... The Greatest View, lots of handmade embellishments and little bags and such, and Gail is a Queenslander which is great too!
If you're in the market for well-made case goods or upholstered pieces, be sure to take a look at Cisco. They have beautifully designed pieces and since they make everything in LA, lots of things can be customized to fit your needs. The line is very diverse and you'll find things that evoke a casual, relaxed aesthetic as well pieces that are more tailored and buttoned up. Here are some of my favorites...
Moments that take your breath away guy (again, SPIKED on the CHEESE meter)
It seemed like the creators really had fun, and it was a bit more lively especially during the fiddle and tap dancing, Bejing 2008 had a great opening ceremony, it seemed from what I remember to rely more on symbolism and the intricate details. Neither can really be compared though as they can be appreciated individually.
Standing out from the crowd for an advisor is not an easy task. There are countless financial professionals trying to differentiate. Most have similar offerings and compliance requirements that keep descriptions of products and services fairly black and white. It’s true that standing out from the crowd is risky, but it may be equally risky to run a conservative, “under-the-radar” firm these days because you risk becoming an anachronism. While successful firms stick to their values, they also find ways to be so exciting that people don’t have a choice but to pay attention—and buy.
AWKWARD OUTTAKE OF THE DAY:
.5 lb American Black Patent Malt
My little miracle.
Accessories:
Blackface was about creating an identity in opposition (a binary of Black vs White), while playing Indian was about absorbing "Indianness" into a national identity and narrative.
HOMEWORK: We tried reciting the days of the week in French today, and also learned how to say "I'm awesome!" which is very important for a Gascon. We went over some vocab from last week, specifically lackey, bourgeious, apprehended, swaggering, and rendezvous. We also traded sketches and tried to identify each others' musketeers. Some of the students are brilliant caricature artists!
Happy Friday, my sparkly friends! I hope you have a fabulous weekend coming up. :o)
Hi my wonderful followers and friends! (This is a sticky post, please scroll down for my latest post, thanks!)
She closed her eyes and nodded. "Yes. I did think of that. Finally, I did feel the need to confront him, but only after..." I noticed tears had formed beneath her still-closed eyelids. She seemed to be waging some inner battle as she said "This is rather embarrassing..."
It’s noteworthy that the son resolves to pay his father the compliment of calling him “Father,” but will not presume to ask to be treated as a son again. And that his planned confession lists the offended parties in the right order — “I sinned against heaven and against you.” But he has not yet totally surrendered: the son wants to be a hired servant; to do his father the justice of making restitution. Now restitution is a good thing as far as it goes, but the son’s plan overlooks that he cannot put a price tag on his father’s agony. To that extent he still doesn’t see the full gravity of his offense; he knows he has wronged his father, but he still thinks himself competent to judge his wrong and his father’s loss, and to sentence himself to repayment of squandered property. In short, he’s still attached to some idea of right, and the desire to captain his own ship. With these things in mind he goes home.
The supernatural is not just the belief of the ignorant, but may be a far more subtle way of passing on myths and warnings through history. There were the islanders who went to high ground because the colour of the sky had changed, and escaped some of the worst of the Indonesian tsunami for instance. And our nursery rhymes and fairy tales are often warnings about very human interlocutors.
The togetherness of my family, the jokes, the love was so amazing…
Too soon. Way way way too soon. If this was 2020 and we had 3D phones, 3D tablets, 3D PCs, and everything was 3D then I'd say solid. But right now the only reason you would own a pair of 3D glasses is that you own a 3D TV. Beyond that, there's no incentive. You go to the theater and they'll make you purchase a pair. And that's the only other avenue where these are a needed option. So why in the world would they assume people are going to buy (and keep track of) something they may only use four to five times a year? Whoever made this call obviously exists on a planet far beyond the scope of this one.
Things were so much easier in Wordsworth's day - he didn't have up to date news from Paris. Things were so much simpler.
Right now our little family is all sick with an ugly change-of-season cold. Hopefully things will change soon, and we can get back to autumnal baking: I'm talkin' allll things pumpkin, Mmm mmmm mmm.
I’ll prove it to you:
reflected on the uneven
In addition to the green shirted DPW workers the Amherst Transfer Station also attracts red tailed hawks. The proud mother and father have nested there for over a decade and every year as the weather grows ever hotter, give birth to cute little offspring. This year the kids chose the leaf pile as a playpen.
Which I accepted, hoping that baby won't make his/her appearance early...lol
I don't know if the traditional blessing makes the beer taste any better, but it was enjoyed by all and that is a great satisfaction. If you are ever in the vicinity of southwestern Wisconsin near the Feast of the Assumption (August 15, ya know), then by all means come out and join us for the great time to honor our Lady and have a wonderful time together.
These are all so beautiful in their own unique way & each one different from the next.
“Doping a man without his knowledge would violate our sacred code of jungle hospitality,” I replied. “I suggest you adopt the tactic of the female gorilla and take the initiative. A bit of groping might goad the old bull into action.”
It's also not like Brad Pitt wasn't in Thelma And Louise, either. He's just limited by his part to be a tough guy, say tough guy things, set his jaw square and firm and interject the word "doodle" into every other sentence. Aside from a look here and a emotive fit there, nothing special....
To a little girl breaking
First up is The Wychwood Fairies. Anyone who knows me will be rather surprised by how much I like this book, given my propensity to rant against anything remotely "girly" or pink. But this book by "Harriet Everdene" and Faye Durston is an explorer's manual, not a soppy airy-fairy story about bland squirrel-stroking sprites.
The big re-match is in 2 weeks time, a chance for the humbled Champ to prove that this was a one-off and a fluke. Barcelona will be on home turf, where they have not lost this season, and the pitch is ideally suited to their play and width.
The green owls were a surprise gift from a good friend. (Yes, that's me in the picture. My mom blogged about that very picture here: Wishing For Snow.)
I am giving away ONE SIGNED paperback copy of my first novel, The Edge Of Darkness, a space opera about cyborg prisoners of war who discover a conspiracy aboard their transport ship and mutiny to save their lives. It’s a soft sci-fi dystopian with a little bit of thriller elements and a little bit of romance, and contains a kick-ass heroine and her noble love interest.
23 Stephanie Smith W Valencia, CA 16:46.1 52:05.60
Up first (just to show the girls that there is nothing to fret about, lol) is me!
Hey everyone! I hope you are having a wonderful day. ^_^
I read somewhere the budget of this film was like 84 million dollars and while it’s distasteful to call that low budget, I’m calling it low budget. This movie felt about as epic as a walk-off home run in your company softball league.
This layout is done from more prom photos of my oldest daughter. Seven down between this layout and the other one…………..5 million more to go! ;o)
I do not reread books as a general rule. There are only 4 books that I can think of that I have reread: Jane Eyre, The Book of Mormon, Still Life, and A Fatal Grace. Five books if you'll let me count the New Testament. (I read the Old Testament once and I think that will do it for this lifetime.) You may have noticed that 2 of those books are by Louise Penny and can I just say, "The are even better the 2nd time around!"
“I am disappointed with our fourth-quarter sales, which were principally impacted by a sales shortfall in consumer electronics,” ShopNBC CEO Keith Stewart said in a canned statement.
This time, I'm determined to get some plants; I'd love to eat something that I have grown myself, I imagine that the sense of achievement must be immense. My mother and grandfather were keen growers and often, most of what was on the dinner table had come from their gardens. Obviously being a kid, I never fully appreciated the brilliance of that; I would now... but isn't that always the way? Well, it's never too late - I'm going to have a go at this home growing and experience the joy for myself!
souls rescued lifted from their
Somehow it did not really make Derrek feel any better, but it was like it was being dangled above the world like an extremely elaborate Christmas ornament.
Growing Antitax Movement Shows Irish Stoicism Wearing Thin Dutch Roman Catholic Church ‘castrated at least 10 boys’ Hume-O’Neill Peace Chair at Magee Campus Fire crew rescues dog from north coast ravine Workers recall horror of blast, 40 years on Child neglect rate highest in NI Former US Senator George Mitchell in ‘emotional return’ to NI Smithwick Tribunal adjourned over ‘vital intelligence’ Queen’s diamond jubilee speech was another glimpse inside Flummeryworld Vatican accused of not accepting responsibility for role in cover-up of child sex abuse Murdered Narrow Water soldiers’ families fury at Irish state Irish copyright public consultation extended by two months
Most of these wonderful desserts are contributions from members from JustaPinch recipe club whihc I am a member of. I love that site and most of my recipes are from that site.
Regular Expression Validator: Email Format,Phone Format etc.
With the kids back in school, parents often find themselves being asked questions about subjects they have long forgotten from their school days. Two books have some fun with this. I Used to Know That: Geography – Stuff Your Forgot from School by Will Williams and Caroline Taggart ($14.95, Reader’s Digest) covers a wide range of geography-related topics in easy, short takes that are an entire education that can be easily read and enjoyed to the point where your kids and others will think you’re some kind of genius. This makes learning fun! Why Read Moby-Dick? By Nathaniel Philbrick ($25.00, Viking) answers a question that even grownups ask. Indisputably one of the great American novels, the length and its esoteric subject matter are daunting. Philbrick loves the novel and he skillfully navigates Melville’s world, providing insight to the book’s humor and unforgettable characters, finding the thread that binds Ishmael and Ahab to our present time. Who knows? You may actually read the novel!
Me: Um, clearly. Is it just too funky for you? (Smiling at her in the back seat)
DCWV Metallic Stack for the silver paper
It made sense.
for school, i would say comfort overrules trends any day of the week,i don't know how some girls will walk around in high heels everyday.. i can barely tolerate them for a few hours.. those girls need to give themselves a big pat on the back. anyways, military boots have made a comeback this season and so have riding boots. but you can always rely on your ridiculously comfy boat shoes and converse to see you through the academic year.
Insurance, Default, Better or Just Different?
Then my second reality check came: the deadline for book two of the demon hunter series. I’m hard at work on it, but I will admit it has been challenging. I am a slow writer (I revise as I go) and I haven’t given up my day job or put up my teenager for adoption. But I will get there!
This Monday, why not take a different approach? Come to God with a sacrifice of Thanksgiving. Ask Him to help you see this day as a new dawn of opportunity. Dwell not on all that's yet to be done, but dwell instead on all God has already done. See how many times you can recall how faithful He's been in the past. Let it encourage you that He will again remain faithful in the future. Even on Mondays, we can take heart. We can find encouragement and hope to face the week, no matter what it may bring. God is God every day and I want to live like it! How about you?
I find myself standing in the doctor’s office watching my sister get an ultrasound to find out the sex of her first baby.
I didn’t want to be quiet about this, because I didn’t want it to happen again. To this day, I don’t know why it happened or why I was chosen. Did I act a certain way? Was I still an outsider to this community? I have no idea.
But he loves music.
2 c. whole wheat flour
That all your growing, all your striving,
In response to our habits of avoiding, numbing out, distracting, and distancing, I’ve imagined there might come a day when the collective of human emotions will finally rise up in protest— planting their stakes in the ground, they’ll demand to be acknowledged and felt. They will have had it with being minimized, rationalized, analyzed, and intellectualized. They’ll want to be honored in their own right and on their own terms. Some of the rougher ones might carry arms and threaten to take hostages, while the softer, more fragile ones will simply hold up neatly typed signs and in a soft voice, politely make their requests: “Would you mind simply feeling me for once, allowing me to be here too, without shooing me away? I have my own half-life, you know, if you would just ride me through. Maybe I even carry some wisdom that you could benefit from. Try me.”
Olga discussed with me in particular how she came about with the idea after having read an article about the controversy about the Muslim headscarf 'Hijab'. The project will depict the headscarf on various women through the art of photography and will give a different insight into what is probably one of the most controversial and talked about pieces of clothing in the modern era.
Dr James Watson 79-year-old geneticist who, with Francis Crick, had discovered the structure of DNA, who is regarded as one of the great scientists of his time, was persecuted for telling the Sunday Times that he was "inherently gloomy about the prospect of Africa" because "all our social policies are based on the fact that their intelligence is the same as ours – whereas all the testing says not really". He said there was a natural desire that all human beings should be equal but "people who have to deal with black employees find this not true". The British establishment's agency of Inquistion the Equality and Human Rights Commission, said it was studying Dr Watson's remarks "in full". Politicians moved in to persecute him: 'It is a shame that a man with a record of scientific distinction should see his work overshadowed by his own irrational prejudices,' said David Lammy, the Skills Minister. London mayor Ken Livingstone: 'Such ignorant comments...are utterly offensive and give succour to the most backward in our society.' The Science Museum cancelled a sell-out meeting it had planned to hold to honour 79-year-old Watson on the grounds that his remarks had gone 'beyond the point of acceptable debate'. Several other centres scheduled to host his talks followed suit. What a scientific argument! His employers, the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in Long Island suspended him as Chancellor. (2)
work is calling
Critical Art Ensemble. CAE has been making intelligent, well executed work about myriad political topics for years. It also is the only group that puts its money where its mouth is. CAE has faced all sorts of real persecution and prosecution and still continues on. But where did the brilliant curators put CAE in the Biennial? Next to the bathroom, literally. There was a little corner corridor that led to the toilets. And there were three TVs with headphones of CAE work. Not in a screening room, or anything like that.
Happy Scrappin'
It's crunchy and nutty from the seeds and nuts in the muesli, and just sweet enough from the agave nectar (I erred on the less-is-more side because the cereal had dates and raisins in it), and just tart and wet enough from the fruit.
Once home I had to know more about Bamberg. It is one of the few cities in Germany that was not destroyed during World War II(so I was right, everything looked so real and original). Bamberg extends over seven hills, each crowned by a church. This has led to Bamberg being called the Franconian Rome.
But I was to late and couldn't mess my DT about anymore.
It was the iPhone blend video that went viral, racking up more than 9.8 million views, and counting. Combining the fetish power of the game-changing mobile phone with the eccentric idea of obliterating things with a blender equated to tremen­dous viralocity. Since the first iPhone bit it, the company has trashed a series of iconic electronic gadgets, including an Olympus digital camera, an iPad (11 million views), and an iPhone 4.
Daniel Hoover
Like brand-new agents building a client list, brand-new publishers looking for manuscripts can seem like a very attractive prospect, especially to authors who are burned-out on the agent hunt, or have decided to skip it altogether.
Pour a little sauce in the bottom of the baking dish.
Unfortunately my medical problems continue to plague me. Next stop: endocrinologist! (yee. haw.) My energy is very low and it's hard to get going on things around here. But I have completed a few necessary items so I thought I'd share my finds and it will at least make me feel like I have accomplished something this winter, besides my high attendance of medical appointments.
~ Peter Wright, Spycatcher (not, as you might think, Wodehouse)
* Although you can't see it with the naked eye, invisible marking can still be a deterrent to burglars, but you must let them know you've done it by using stickers from the police saying, "property in this home has been marked".
Since then, with luggage fees and a lost suitcase, I have
i am wondering...
There were only one or two other people in the room. Not five minutes after I closed my eyes to meditate, I heard the door open, looked up, and someone was wheeling Ram Dass into the room. Feeling thrilled and privileged, I closed my eyes to enjoy this intimate meditation time with my teacher sitting right beside me. Some time passed, and we looked over and gazed into each other’s eyes for a prolonged moment. Then, as the aide began to wheel him out, Ram Dass looked up at him and commented aloud, with his then still-limited speech, “Every individual, like a flower.” It was his commentary, it seemed, about our silent interaction.
Time to move on and to look out for a new job. I want this constant financial stress gone. It's not positive stress like deadline stress, or oh-someone-is-more-skilled-than-me-I-must-beat-them stress. No, it's just stress that I can't change anything about anymore.
In any event, we have done the schnitzel thing. Service was, by the way, unusual. Nobody sidled up to our table and said “Hi, I’m Cecil. I’ll be your waitron tonight”. We were seated, served with wine and left to our own devices. We discovered that you had to practically grab a waiter by the gnarlies and growl at him that you want food. Refreshingly different.
"The Organ Grinder"
Maybe in another ten years Alicia Keys can be discussed among the greatest artists of all time.
The key to solving both of these problems for the long term takes time and patience. The first step is to get to the root of the problems in your business. Why are your employees leaving? I hear from most employers that more pay is the reason, and my kneejerk response is that is a cop out. It is a cop out on the former employee and the business owner. In most situations, employers need an objective third party to get involved to find the real problems because usually there is a lack of trust and loyalty as another symptom of the real problem. The third party needs to have experience in conducting confidential fact finding research regarding employee satisfaction. Depending on the company there are many ways to do this.
With that logical deduction out of the way Marley started working on figuring out just how this sylvan oddity would have got here, smack dab in the middle of Washington Heights. Surely the trees would not have grown like this overnight. Where had the strange sand come from? It would’ve taken a bulldozer to move this much sand into the area. Where are the bulldozer tracks? How did it get this far into the woods without leaving a sign? How…
Similarly, on July 1, 2011, TTP abducted a Swiss couple, Olivier David Och and Daniela Widmar, coming from Dera Ghazi Khan District in Punjab towards Quetta, Balochistan’s provincial capital, in the Killi Nigah area in Loralai District. The couple was taken to the neighbouring South Waziristan Agency of FATA. TTP ‘deputy chief’ Waliur Rehman demanded they be exchanged for Pakistani scientist, Aafia Siddiqui, jailed in the US. On March 15, 2012, the Swiss couple was reported to have ‘escaped’ from captivity. However, a March 30, 2012, media report claimed that a massive ransom of PKR 1 billion was paid to the abductors for the release of the two Swiss tourists.
Do you see this as a miracle? No ones life was saved. No one starving was fed. I could go on and on but just want to give you something to think about. Miracles come in all forms. This was a miracle of such sweet kindness when many do not have the extra to do for others. The woman who purchased the items was herself having to shop second hand. Did I mention the young mom slipped the dress on over her jeans as her son asked her to do and they both skipped out of my store? It was a sight I will always remember.
Last night no one at ­Hammersmith and Fulham Council was available for ­comment. But a spokes-woman for the TaxPayers’ ­Alliance said: “Taxpayers will be ­incensed to hear that thousands are ­being spent on this hate preacher’s home while ordinary families struggle for cash.
To your heart
If you're a reader of my Linda's Blog and have been following me and all my blogs (yes, I do have a few! LOL LOL) you are well aware that I love to play and experiment. Especially when it comes to interactive websites.
The voice that sang to me in dulcet, sweet refrains, that urged with wily japes and introspection, to turn my narrative Elizabethan, till perforce all language lost its comprehension. Nope. ‘Didn’t go down that route either, writing as if I held a quill in my inky hand and was married to Anne Hathaway. No, the other one.
Optus launched a product called TV Now, which allows users of its mobile phone services to select TV programs from an electronic program guide (“EPG”) to be recorded to Optus’ cloud. The phone users can then watch those programs almost instantly, while still recording, or at any time within the next 30 days. In effect, this allows people to watch the program via the Optus recording almost as soon as Telstra has broadcast the sports events.
8. Stole money from a family member? - Steal, no. Borrow, yes.
-Traditional Japanese dancing at the end!
Japanese - My bistable trigger circuit which goes allot
What you'll need for this project: A paper-cutter, increditape--3/4 width, vintage papers.
What would you do to be able to hit pause in your life? Stop time, even for just a few minutes. The last 7 months have gone by so fast, that sometimes I which I had a personal remote. Rewind to re-live those precious new moments, fast forward past the uncomfortable teething times, and press pause to enjoys those adorable cuddles just a little longer.
Even Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., who spent a few years as a Mormon during his childhood, is likely still on the list, Campbell quipped.
Actually, 155.8 as of this morning. So, I've lost about 7 pounds since my last McFatty Monday post a couple of weeks ago. That also brings my total weight loss to 19 pounds over the last two months. Pretty good, eh?
Male questioner: “I have to read the book out loud rather than internally in order to understand it. I wondered whether reading it aloud to yourself was involved in the creation of it?”
yeah, so he said i had 19.1%. fuck my motherfucking life. i went up two percent. thats not fucking okay. goddamn military. lifestyle change imminent.
Happy Easter, everyone! Hope you all have a nice day planned, no matter how you celebrate. The Mister and I will be having a delicious dinner with family and will be eating lots of candy, I'm sure. :)
I feel like I was more in touch with people back in the days when we did not have mobile phones, and internet was at snail’s pace and not omnipresent. Is it me? Probably it is!!
Hughes of GAMA said drags on the economy seem to be digging in rather than easing.
Root vegetable stew with potatoes, turnip, onions, shredded broccoli/carrot and peas. Seasoned with "herbes salées", nutritional yeast, coriander, thyme, black pepper and sage.
We checked into the hotel which we were pleased to see had the Comfort Number beds. That was an interesting experience as it fills with air when you increase the dial numbers and then deflates the lower you go. It doesn’t take much to amuse me sometimes. Later we went to find the race route and then over the spaghetti dinner at the Elks Club.
11And after three days and an half the spirit of life from God entered into them, and they stood upon their feet; and great fear fell upon them which saw them.
I have to admit after reading the book this summer I was very excited to get started and then became quickly overwhelmed but then once I got started I was thrilled with how well my kindergartners did at their stations. So first off how do I organize it, see my blue pocket chart. I have 12 Math Work Stations or at my school we call them Zones and students work each day with one partner at their zone for about 20 minutes.
Suddenly, I popped up to the surface and I could get a breath again. Wow. That was important. But I was swimming as hard as I could and I was getting farther from the wood thing. I tried and tried!
I was following so close the IPv4 exhaustion but it was something like the 2000 efect. And now…?!!! World keeps turning!!!
Twins Zeke and Zach have been good and all they want Santa to give them is the mom. A woman who would love them, smells good, bakes and will love their dad and dog. The twins find her, Nell who is the new music teacher for the small town.
1/4 lb. margarine
I’m not talking about the big issues, like having enough dramatic material or making sure your character doesn’t solve problems too easily. (See the resources above for help with that.) Rather, I’m talking about line editing, tweaking your prose for the most impact.
One Basic Grey Paper Pack - Curio
Heat oil in large saucepan and add onion Saute for 10 mins.
Let there be a soft smile on your face, Let your speech be truthful and pleasant, Let there be restraint in emotions, in indulgence; Let there not be excesses anywhere-
Tim Hauser
So if you are all wondering why your Council tax bills are so high, then maybe this has something to do with it.
“He drove the cart as fast as it could go,” Ravel said.
I shifted back and forth from seat to seat in an effort to find comfort. Covered in pain sprays and ice packs, I was to find no relief. Later the zombie effect from the pain medication I would succumb to taking would eventually take hold of my mind and I would feel devoid of all personality.
