of course you could said the spider
It is, as you say, extraordinary how the outer world can see everything about it except the point. It is curiously so with much of the very good Catholic work now being done in literature, especially in France. The Protestant English, who prided themselves on their common sense, seem now to be dodging about and snatching at anything except the obvious… I am only a vulgar controversial journalist, and never pretended to be a novelist; my writing cannot in any case be so subtle or delicate as yours. But even I find that if I make the point of a story stick out like a spike, they carefully go and impale themselves on something else. But there are plenty of people who will appreciate anything as good as The Coat Without Seam.
Postcards
So I returned to my daydream about our holidays in North Wales. My younger brother and I would wake up in the morning, bound down the steps of our small caravan, and sometimes run across the campsite and visit our other grandparents if they were staying in their caravan. We thought this was wonderfully exciting. Fancy visiting your grandparents while on holiday, when you live in the same hometown anyway! Simple things amused us back then, and I remember our excitement with fondness.
Many thanks to Tony Greenstein for spotting the error in calling Ruth Smeed "Ruth Smeeth" and for pointing out that she speaks for the Board of Deputies, not Gerald Ronson, I mean the Community Security Trust.
Sara's family appreciates all of your prayer and support as they've gone through the last week and a half and welcomes the continuation of it as they travel this road.
It was a bright Sunday morning in the middle of Autumn. I had woken up to find myself clean out of new needles. The only place I knew I could get any on a Sunday was the Boots chemist on Kings Street – though they closed at 1pm and it was already past the hour. I was stuck at home with heroin, citric, filters but no clean needles to whack my morning fix up with. But it wasn't a tragedy and wasn't the first time I'd been caught out like this. I was still relatively new to this side of heroin use and wasn't organised in making sure I always had what was needed to have a fix. I was always lost for something or having to run to late-nite chemists for extra works or Vit C. So that morning, with no official needle exchange open, I gathered up my equipment and headed off to Marge's to see if he had any fresh spikes he could give me.
The trees all bare?
OK, it's currently rather heavy on the jangly white boy angsty intellectual-nerd music that I am always attracted to. But, it helps me get my sweat on.
Meanwhile, ultra-left extremists from a Socialist Workers' Party front organisation, ironically named Hope Not Hate, have been distributing their message of hate in Heanor today.
I don't know about you but as the Room Mom I feel like all the notes get lost in transit
If you want softer texture 2-3 minutes is enough.
watering my dreams, refilling the aching loch
Phase 6) Heavily in debt the country
Turnip, 1 pc, cut into small strips
Billy Kelly – Coney Island Washboard
You Asked: Contact United Customer Care
2. If What You Said
No big deal right? Just a few extra calories..well..like 300. Not the end of the world.
Thank you for your kind words and thoughts. They were appreciated.
1 canned chipotle pepper, rinsed and minced (scrape the seeds out for less heat)
Half the fun in finding music is in looking for it yourself. You could spend months on end scouring the internet, magazines or even your local music scene for some fresh and exciting act that could blow you away. I still think that if you’re really passionate about having a career as a musician, you shouldn’t place all your cards on a glorified karaoke show in the hope that a bunch of industry moguls can shape you into an artist that will sell millions. Not only would making your own way in the industry be a more beneficial and satisfactory experience, but it will give you breathing room to mold yourself into the artist you want to be, rather than pandering to the expectations of a label. But as a platform for getting talent heard, then I see no problem with The Voice becoming a staple on my TV. There’s been a batch of great vocalists thus far on the show, and I can only hope that no matter what the outcome is by the time The Voice has run its course, they continue to grow into great musicians. It’s not impossible for a pop vocalist to be a credible artist: someone like Jessie J is living proof that you can be an incredible singer and a great songwriter in the pop industry. And if a programme like The Voice can squander competition from the contrived malarkey that is The X Factor, then we’re one step closer to making the industry a better place for artists everywhere.
Mr Weaver, 62, said he wanted to prosecute Ms Smith under Section 2 (1) of the Fraud Act 2006.
"So you like beer then."
Twiddle-dum there's no comparison
Like children when you are trying to make a phone call.
Bush Radio is offering a 3-month full-time internship (transport allowance of R2000 per month only) for the right candidate to assist and be mentored in the programming department.
I am also excited to announce that I am now carrying Giclee Fine Art Prints of some of my favorite collage works in my Etsy shop. There are currently four designs to choose from.
They sell tickets for the tubing area in 2-hour blocks. We bought tickets for the 1:30 to 3:30 slot. After eating our lunch, we actually started tubing about 2 p.m., so we were on the tubing runs for an hour and a half. In that time, I think we probably flew down the hill about 7 times.
Named the R18 e-tron Quattro, the pair of Le Mans race cars not only continue Audi’s tradition of utilizing turbo-diesel engines in the series, but they go on to supplement the powertrain with a hybrid propulsion system and all-wheel-drive. The features have never before been implemented into Audi’s Le Mans program.
3. Room Deodorizer: Since air fresheners can often leave a room smelling worse, try this no-odor fix. Fill a spritzer bottle with a 1:1 ratio of water to vodka (this is a good time for the cheap stuff) and mist the air. Surprisingly, the room won’t smell like a vodka martini.
Lately I've been seeing this bumper sticker all over town. It's for a place that opened just over two years ago and only has three locations. I've not seen or heard a commercial for 4 Rivers Smokehouse, no banner ads, no print media or outdoor boards. I just keep seeing these bumper stickers. I don't follow them on Twitter nor they me. I'm not a fan of theirs on Facebook. (1,042 followers and 8,642 fans. Impressive numbers, really.) Apparently they've been reviewed positively plenty of times.
booming mistral, more tesselated than
If you hold your character/ego then the view is darkened and you are thrown back
Warm breast and a burp,
1032 **D-XI/13/1988. “T. S. Eliot’s Four Quartets: Poetry as Agony, Enigma, and Intimidation.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Starved Rock State Park, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2000(12), above, pp. 539-54.)
Some bullets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . or a burger, a burger . . . . . . . . . . . . or some bullets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . paddled back and forth in my brain like a Ping-Pong ball.
Cool pizza completely, about 30 minutes.
This year Martin's brothers and sisters got together in Star Valley, Wyoming to celebrate their dad's birthday. He turned 87 years old. We had lots of good food, fun and family togetherness.
Trent Lane Depot, Nottingham
PART 5: DON'T SPEND ALL YOUR TIME & MONEY TALKING TO FANS OF YOUR BRAND
Available on Blu-ray, DVD and Digital Download May 22
On April 29th, I get a voicemail from a woman yelling at me about several things, referring to “her” lease. It comes from a restricted number and she tells me she’s calling me about that property address, and doesn’t state her name. I don’t know who this woman is, but it’s not our tenant.
This is another one of my 'quickie recipe' which I would prepare whenever I am rushing to cook for my family. I used white snapper fish (pek chor) here but you can replace it with other type of fish. Ikan kembong (Indian Mackerel) would be a good choice for this recipe. You can add 'har ko' (prawn paste) to dish if you like it.
I'll play myself some music upon the electric phonograph whilst I ponder.
So, on the “expand into market Y” problem,
Let us give thanks to our Lord that some people hadn’t wanted to teach. Because if the former military man, Sen. Trillanes is teaching our children and in one of his inquiry tell a young boy that he has no honor and reputation?
What can I say? As one who was privy to so many of the stories (either directly or in the telling) of this masterwork of prose, I still hung on every word, in each iteration that I had the privilege to read. Doron is my dearest, lifelong friend, and it is the bitterest of ironies that his emergence onto the stage of world literature, must perforce be in the service of immortalizing his most cherished, now departed son. But thanks to Doron's devotion, Damon lives on.
I flew from Jeddah to Amman, Jordan on November 3rd, a short two hour flight over some gorgeous scenery. Immigration, baggage claim, and customs were easy enough, if not efficient or smoke-free. I grabbed an airport taxi and headed into downtown Amman to my hotel for the next few days - the Intercontinental. While not cheap, the Amman Intercon was a solid investment. Sizable room, comfortable bed, quality bathroom furnishings and amenities. I had lunch at one of the on-site restaurants, a Mexican place. Decent food and exactly what I wanted. I took a late-afternoon stroll to several craft shops in the neighborhood, though I didn't fall in love with anything, amazingly. Dinner was my favorite - room service! - and watching movies completed the restful evening.
2 train cars made all the difference! It was, all in all, a very enjoyable game.
Throughout our marriage I have always believed the Lord would use the hard times we have had for good. I have always sensed that the Lord had a specific purpose for our struggles. I guess I thought He would let up a lot sooner! Neely and I are still right in the thick of battling for our marriage. Life is day-to-day if not hour-by-hour clawing to have hope in the midst of our circumstances. Life is hard. We are in marriage counseling for the second time in our short 5 years of marriage. It has been hard to have hope lately. Both of us have to focus on the things we do have. We have the same convictions, the same hopes and dreams for Drew, and wonderful families.
This wasn’t the first time Wen has spoken of loosening the big banks’ grip on lending. On Jan. 30, he said the government needed to “break monopolies” that block private capital from coming into the financial sector.
Live Oak Police say they arrested a man for making meth within Live Oak city limits. Andrew James Britt, who also lives in Live Oak, was arrested when police discovered he was making meth in a camper in a stranger’s yard.
4 eggs, lightly beaten
“He got this,” the minister said in church this morning; “He got wha’ chew need!”
Snowmen first came on the scene, according Bob Eckstein, in his "History of the Snowmen" in the 16th century. They became especially popular in the Victorian era. He writes, "The picturing of snow people flourished in the penny-postcard era (1890-1920) when many thousands of cards were made."
11:00: Ables describes how the UN, the EU and the EU Economic and Social Committee are effectively one and the same, and all promising to abide by all treaties produced by the UN.
The whole crew: Toga Mike, Dorothy Liz, Riddler Carl, Waldo Aaron, Devil Heidi, Doctor Matt, Cow Damage, Pirate Booty Adam, T-Shirt Brian, Footballer Kristen, Pikachu Linnea, Ash Jae, Go Go Megan, Pirate Alex, 80s Sonya, Pirate Noel, Monster Hunter Me, Cowboy Pat, Betty Laura, Barney Mike, Fred Brent, Wilma Megan, Zombie Jesus Jim, Footballer Ashlee (hiding in the pic, but you can see her head in the one below), and Sonya's friend (forgot her name, sorry!)
A group of students from the local Royal Conservatory performed a kind of small opera, of fairly modern poetry and music. It was a try-out of a couple of songs and scenes from a program that will be performed during the Opera Days in Rotterdam (www.rotterdamsesalon.nl).
In between were rejuvenating conversations with my son and daughter-in-law, trips to the public library, thrift stores, and visits with friends. I also joined my daughter-in-law’s Ladies Choir and participated in one of their programs at a Rest Home for the elderly.
Best when coldest. As it warms it gets a little soapy. An odd peppery bitterness creeps out in the aftertaste as well.
Home Improvement companies which service our needs as handymen are under the gun these days due to all the rules and regulations, permits and fines at all levels of government. In fact one recent franchise company which is basically a; Handy Man Service…
First, the disclaimer: I am not a lawyer. So take everything below with a grain of salt. Or two. However:
Now, before you run off and buy some polarizing filters, ask yourself what kind of photography you’re doing. These were important early purchases for me because the vast majority of my photography is done outdoors in settings that tend to have very strong, very direct sunlight. Architecture, travel, walk-around or “street” photography, landscapes. I also tend to travel near, around, or on oceans, where polarized light can reflect off of sand and water and give your shots a really pervasive and aggravating “hazy” look. Polarizers can help cut down on that.
Thanks for your support. And stay tuned for more updates.
personalized shades and products. While not the cheapest
The following is an essay written recently by my friend and fellow blogger, Saudi Woman. She is a modern well-educated Saudi woman whose insight into the culture and mindset of Saudi society is always of interest. The SaudiWoman Blog has been nominated for a 2011 Bloggie Weblog Award for Best Asian Blog. I would urge you to take the time to vote for her outstanding blog for this honor.
Panko bread crumbs adds a great texture to the tater tots but because it is not readily available in our society bread crumbs will work really well. While the bread crumbs adds a great texture to the dish you can also make the tater tots without it, which mans that the bread crumbs is optional.
Goats cheese stuffed peppers
Pete and I don’t get all that much time with just the two of us. We used to have date nights once a month, but have moved to a town where there is just not too much scope for places to go on a date night, and somehow that has fallen by the wayside (**note to self, reinstate date night!!)
Hey Daren. Thanks for taking the time out to talk to me about your new film, ‘This Means War’.
Apple Computer widely popularized the computer-based cut-and-paste paradigm through the Lisa (1981) and Macintosh (1984) operating systems and applications. Apple mapped the functionalities to key-combinations consisting of the Command key (a special modifier key) held down while typing the letters X (for cut), C (for copy), and V (for paste), choosing a handful of keyboard sequences to control basic editing operations. The keys involved all cluster together at the left end of the bottom row of the standard QWERTY keyboard, and each key is combined with a special modifier key to perform the desired operation:
I’m sure you would agree with me that CMU is a very fine institution. I certainly pride the alumnus status that awaits me here shortly in May. To further Central’s vision as being a nationally prominent university known for integrity, academic excellence, research and creative activity, and public service, I believe that Central needs to take a state-wide initiative to implement a budgeting class for all freshman students. The proposed initiative includes mandating all incoming freshman to take the FIN 201 (Personal Finance) course instead of an elected University Program requirement.
Finally I turned to the BBC Good Food Website. Here is the original recipe, but my version is below as I found the dough a little too wet and I wanted more spices.
God uses suffering. It is part of the human experience. He is always there to comfort you and give you hope.
Surprisingly, though they thought they would find otherwise, Ken Ham and Britt Beemer were mesmerized that they didn’t find any anomalies between the different forms of education.
Being different means to do something out of the norm standing behind it. This is another suggestion for a creative gift. Club Creative Studio dares to be different each and every time something is created. It is always unique and one-of-a-kind. It is different and we want it to be. It must be so that we can remain irreplaceable as well. Join the Facebook page to learn more reasons why we pride our art to be unique. We welcome you to visit the online storefront as the inventory always changes. Email or call with your special custom requests. We are always looking to help you make the right decision to share Art That Sets You Apart. Thank you for reading our Thursday Blog.
Don’t laugh……. I’m seriously considering a mail order bride too. Or …moving to Utah.
3. Turn on the Water
For the husband, this is possibly the 100th seafood tomato-based pasta he has ordered to date. He thought it was not too bad, the sauce was done well – fresh tomato puree – I think and the ingredients used were quite fresh.
It might be a good idea for parents to explore options for their child in their early years itself– choose what kind of sports they might enjoy and eventually be good at. Do remember, kids have a mind of their own and might sometimes out right reject playing a particular game. You might give up thinking he/she shouldn’t be forced into doing something. While it is fair to believe that a child shouldn’t be forced, do remember that a child is not fully capable of understanding and knowing what might be best for him. So keep encouraging your little champ to give it a try.
I haven't stamped my nails in a long time, and last night I had some time to burn whilst waiting to go out. I had just painted my nails with Nubar Stronghold, as the top I was wearing last night had a lot of grey in it.
As the apostolic team left Thessalonica many lies were spread concerning their message and their conduct. Therefore it was necessary for Paul to give a defense of integrity of his ministry to Thessalonians. It is likely that the Jewish leadership played an active role in the accusations along with the Greek countrymen (vv. 14-16; c.f. Acts 17:5,6). The charges against him included his desire for personal gain in both finances and human acknowledgement.
IV.d. Imperial Agent
Love the reminder that we have a God who loves us so much that he willingly sent his Son to live amongst us, knowing what would be required.
He will make it whistle;
The Affections Are The Chief Evidence Of A Saving Sincerity In True Religion.
Travel Window:
11. Stop fussing when they hurt themselves or are about to hurt themselves. Yes, you do feel it more than some other parents: it’s all to do with your own wiring. The key is not to be overwhelmed by your emotions. Give Boring Cuddles without speaking, and don’t warn a child they are about to hurt themselves (unless death is going to be a possible outcome) -they may not, and learning to deal with pain, in a healthy way, is a good thing.
Aside from Manchester City’s Kompany/Lescott partnership, it’s difficult to think of a better central defensive duo in the league than Huth and Shawcross. Now let’s pull out all the stops to get the big German to sign that new contract.
Restaurant also serving clear soup to accompany with their dish, 2 types per day, duck with lemon is an everyday basis. Bitter cucumber with rip soup on Mon, Tue, Thu, Fri, and Sat. Hog’s maw with Chinese Preserved mustard green soup on Wed and Sun.
How does your ego rule you?
He had needed to take three months off from the Chaplain service to keep his sanity. He and his wife were remodeling their kitchen, their daughter had gotten married and they also had family from England staying with them.
Dubai, April 20, 2012 — The first ever Middle East Film & Comic Con opened its doors to hordes of popular culture lovers at the Dubai International Marine Club, April 20, 2012. The festival gave fans a chance to meet acclaimed celebrities and artists as well as dress up as their favourite comic or movie character.
Today, when I came back from my session, I noticed a dandelion growing in my lawn. I stopped and picked it, brought it inside and burned it. I hate weeds. The smell in my house had gotten worse and the burning weeds didn’t help, so I threw up a few times in my blue bathroom. I brushed my teeth right after to get the grungy taste out of my mouth. I brushed the left side for thirty seconds, then the right side, and ended with brushing the middle for forty five seconds. I flossed my teeth too. It made my gums bleed. There was a fly on the corner of the sink, it was fat and dead. I squished it. Squishing things feels nice under my fingers, but it makes a mess so I do not do it all the time. After I squished the fat dead fly I wiped it up using a tissue from the tissue box on the shelf that was labeled TISSUES and threw it away in the gray trash can labeled TRASH CAN.
Goodbye 2010....Hello 2011!!!
Like I said, that audience was small. We had 3 panelists, the moderator, and 2 other people. One of them was my mom. When they moved to Williamsburg, I decided to submit a paper proposal to the CEA since Richmond is close by. My school has no travel money, so being able to stay with my parents was an important factor in my decision to participate.
I think we are almost ready for Christmas here. The shopping is done though nothing is wrapped yet. I plan on wrapping on Tuesday...hmmm...I wanted to bake Tuesday too AND go for groceries...not sure I have to rethink that. I also need to make 3 doz cookies for my MOPS cookie exchange on Monday night. Hmmm...I'll have to think about all that later. Ugh maybe I'm not as prepared as I thought I was. I'm not even going to mention the Christmas knitting I have yet to finish. Oh wow...no I can't think about it, its making me a little sick.
As you can see, lots of my jewelry pieces were inspired by butterflies. So far I’ve made about 12 butterfly jewelries. I also find lots of jewelry artisans inspired by butterflies (at least, they made butterfly jewelries).
The writing is clumsy, some of the characters are walking cliches, and I found some key scenes rather funny - even though I knew I shouldn't be laughing. The dialogue follows a tiresome 'he said, she said' formula - and most of it was extremely melodramatic (along the lines of 'I couldn't live without you etc).
The Way You Make Me Feel – Michael Jackson
Panasonic Lumix Makes Photography Sleek
Alas, my soothing words were to no avail. M-girl leaped from her seat and tackled her little brother. He squirmed out of her hold and grabbed a pillow from the futon to clobber her with. She grabbed another and....well need I go on?
Remember to whom the promise of the Second Coming was made, “Ye men of Galilee,” the disciples who soon would be called apostles. They were the ones who would preach His Second Coming and who would look for that Second Coming. He “shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go.” This means he must come to the earth. In our text He was taken from the Mount of Olives and thus He will return to the Mount of Olives, for we read in Zechariah 14:4, “And his feet shall stand in that day upon the Mount of Olives, which is before Jerusalem on the east.” It will be a physical coming to the earth.
Amanda opened her husband’s closet and stared at his clothes, wondering if she’d ever be able to get rid of them.
Jonsi: I'm really bad when it comes to new popular music but there's one artist I've been listening to a lot recently. Her name is Julia Holter. Her album is really cool. Also there's an Icelandic artist called Sin Fang. Alex (Somers) is doing an album with him at the moment. I think they're hoping to put it out next year. What I've heard so far is really good.
I also completely fell in love with the look she wears in the “housewife” scenes in the video and knew I just had to recreate it. I also recorded a tutorial for the look. Unfortunately, my recreation of this look did not come out quite like Natalia’s and I kind of botched it – my winged liner and cut crease didn’t match on each side! I didn’t notice until after I had finished filming and editing the whole thing when I was looking at the pictures, so please excuse that. Also, my cut crease is nowhere near as thin or smooth as hers is. Let’s all just agree that I got the basics right but the execution was a little off. I’ll do better next time, I promise!
A good thing would be H.R. 5136 The Preservation of Orphan Works Act which would allow libraries to create copies of certain copyrighted works that, in their last twenty years of copyright term, are no longer commercially exploited, and are not available at a reasonable price. Introduced Sept. 23, 2004.But at such an instance we would find it better that as in Belgium the photocopy copyrights would still be taken into account.
- Mix in the eggs and beat several minutes on low speed until the mixture is smooth.
“Taking possession of the property and renting the unit out, that part is not something afforded by the law,” said Ben Solomon, a south Florida-based homeowners association lawyer.
"Schmendrick," he began as he almost always does, the pejorative serving as a term of endearment, "did I ever tell you about Shecky Weinstock? The man had angles. He was always figuring out a way to beat the system."
But let's face facts. I can't sing. This is one of those impossible dreams that I can dream about but will never happen. My writing dream is possible, with a lot of work, but I can't change my mediocre voice.
my mother watching news
I didn’t set homework, but suggested that everyone should try and write something by the end of the course to share with the group. The suggested length was 1,500 words. Some wrote picture books, others started YA and MG novels. One started writing a novel while she was doing the course - she’d reached 21,000 words by week ten. Someone else wrote a non-fiction picture book. I have to admit that I was full of pride at the excellence of their creations, even though I wasn’t sure how much I’d contributed to them. My students were so enthusiastic that they’ve set up a writing group to continue their efforts – we’re meeting up for the first time this week.
life is back ON for me - back to work, back to responsibilities, back to routines, back to reality - i realize i define me, a disease does not - i do have to learn acceptance tho - i'm still at the point i don't want to believe it's true - and i haven't touched and looked at my breasts more then i have this past 1.5 weeks - i gotta admit my mind wonders off to all the possibilities - i never realized how much i really do LOVE my boobies! - as small as they are, i love em!
The Love Spell from Antinoöpolis is perhaps somewhat misnamed, because it is not utterly certain that it was found in Antinoöpolis, though at least being found near there is likely. Also, we cannot be sure that it is invoking the figure of “Antinous the God from Bithynia who drowned in the Nile” as the corpse-daimon meant to carry out the spell, so much as perhaps just some hapless and otherwise unsuspecting deceased male person (of whatever age and origin) named Antinous who happened to be buried nearby, or known to the magician who wrote the spell. However, for a variety of reasons–both connected to the modern Ekklesía Antínoou’s practices and just in wider 20th and 21st century scholarship on Antinous–it is accepted that it is likely that the spell is connected to Antinous.
For example, a friend whom you love is heartbroken. Although she was in this situation before, you still want to be there for her. You want her to be happy and she deserves love just like you! After comforting her and telling her she’s better off, she goes and gets back with him again. Your heart aches..
Then I went to university and built on all these skills by discovering the soldering iron. It’s amazing what you can create by soldering an electronic circuit board together…! I designed the ‘anti-theft handbag‘, a biometric handbag which only opens when the correct finger is scanned. I thrived on making prototypes and models.
The canoe is the most practical, efficient and satisfying way to travel through wild country, particularly on the Canadian Shield, where you can go almost anywhere. I think of that country every day of my life. One of the things I like best about canoe travel is that you are completely self-reliant. There is no dependence on mechanical devices. It is utterly simple. For me, the canoe means complete freedom – the ultimate escape. - Alex Hall
This is a little trick I learned from Charlene Phillips in The Sewing Machine Classroom. Because of the twisted stranding, thread does have a direction. The way you pull it off the spool is the way it is meant to be used. In other words, the end that comes off the spool first should go through the eye of your needle; the end that comes off last should have the knot.
Your BEST strategy, however, is to simply buy USDA 100% Organic products whenever possible, (as these do not permit genetically engineered ingredients) or buy whole fresh produce and meat from local farmers. The majority of the genetically modified organisms (GMOs) you’re exposed to are via processed foods, so by cooking from scratch with whole foods, you can be sure you’re not inadvertently consuming something laced with altered ingredients. When you do purchase processed food, avoid products containing anything related to corn or soy that are not 100 percent organic, as any foods containing these two non-organic ingredients are virtually guaranteed to contain genetically engineered ingredients, as well as toxic herbicide residues.
In the last five centuries, the European nations leapfrogged over the Chinese in science and technology. Since 1950, however, Japan has beaten the West in the production of many high-tech products. Other Pacific Rim countries (China, Taiwan, Singapore, and South Korea) now follow Japan’s path. Africa, on the other hand, has fallen further behind. The poor conditions of African countries and Black America have become a concern to many. Much of the optimism of the U.S. Civil Rights movement of the 1960s is gone, along with the high hopes for independent African nations. Trillions of dollars of foreign aid have poured into Africa. Yet African economies have declined since the Europeans left.
After delivering the first part of the sermon, the Imam sits down for a short while, then stands up again and starts with the second part which is in Arabic and which reads as follows:
I have been camping in my parent's "Daw-ffice" (Dog room/office) since Saturday. I am looking forward to moving into my apartment in a couple of weeks, but it has not been too bad so far. Probably because I have been busy!
Add the finely diced onion, garlic, and serrano chile, and stir to combine. Toss in the cilantro and add the olive oil; stir to combine well. Add salt and pepper to taste.
And yes, I'm preparing another step-by-step of the projects I'm working on in class. As usual, as you can see above, in the early stages there isn't much to look at, but the fun is seeing it develop from a few rather abstract and herky-jerky marks to a fully realised drawing.
But, people have made a living off of selling these rules to us. And by us – yes, I mean women. I can’t tell you how many books I’ve seen get on the New York Times Bestseller list because they’re trying to school us on how to properly date a man without, you know, being yourself. Don’t laugh too much. Don’t ask too many questions. And for goodness sake, DEFINITELY don’t talk about yourself! Ummmm, if you’re anything like me – you have enough of a complex going on in your head already if you’re out on a date with a guy you like… you don’t need a list of rules running through your head, trying to make sure you don’t break them.
The compound is posted and fenced. We, however, ventured into the grounds via an open gate. At least I did. The geowife didn’t want any part of it. I walked around for about a half hour. It must have been quite a place. There were two large concrete aprons with shredded tennis nets and rusty basketball hoops along with several large foundations, one of which looked like a swimming pool. Normally, I can poke around a place like this for a long time, but after 30 minutes, I’d had enough. Completely quiet and deathly still, it was really creepy. I kept turning around to see if anyone was there.
2010.07.28 Iraq Mosul 5 6 A young girl is among five Iraqis murdered in a series of Mujahideen attacks.
year approval was gained to begin the Select Committee to Investigate Pornographic Materials, dealing
Coloring - While the pony rides were going on I had taped down (it was a very windy day) some free printable cowboy/cowgirl pictures for the kids at their places at the table that they could color if they got tired of watching everyone else ride the horses.
31 BRAZIL has more Avon ladies than members of its armed forces. Physical beauty is so highly prized that calling someone vain is a compliment.
Over the past couple years, I made a conscious effort to not answer emails right away. More recently, I have taken the more drastic step of completely shutting down email for an hour or two each day, allowing me to focus on the project in front of me. Sometimes I do this a couple times a day, and I have found that my productivity has increased dramatically, my work quality has improved, I am less stressed about the in-box to-do list, and not one person has complained about me responding to an email in a few hours rather than a few minutes.
I will tell you guys its brutal, I don’t care what your assessment of me is regarding the need of my phone, I did it all day today so I know I can handle it but it is the shear fact that I am obsessed with constant checking of it. I need my phone like Barack Obama needs haters, I need my phone like Nicole Richie needs a burger, I need my phone like Ellen needs some new dance moves. I can’t help it and I can’t wait for tomorrow to get here soon enough.
So what's a girl to do to feel like she's still making an effort at "getting ready?" Is there a magical pair of earrings you throw on? Or does slapping some lip gloss on do it for you? I try to avoid making direct eye contact with my puffy limbs and face for the last few months of pregnancy, (I swell people... in the Michelin kind of way) so I figured I'd try making a scarf to take the focus off my "swell." :)
with time and physical therapy I am getting better!
*Make protest signs out of big paper and wooden sticks. Suggested slogans: Mary we care, SAVE PICKFAIR. ITS OUR HERITAGE SAVE PICKFAIR. CIM WE’RE WATCHING YOU SAVE PICKFAIR. HONK IF YOU SUPPORT PRESERVING PICKFAIR STUDIOS!
4. Make a roux using 2 T butter and 2 T flour (to make a quick roux, melt the butter then mix in the flour to form a paste). Add roux and 2 T soy sauce to lentils.
Plan made sense, pretty much.
But I'm also kind of jealous of her. Let me be really frank. There are times when I'm MADLY jealous of her, for this woman has great-grandchildren, and she's basically done living her life for others, and now just lives it for what she enjoys. I love watching her sense of freedom and the lack of "I have to go pick up my kids right now" and "Oh shoot, I have to help my children with their homework or they'll fail." Of course she is a dedicated mother, as I missed her in yoga when she went to help her daughter while her son in law recovered from a heart attack. But she truly doesn't live on the whim of others. She goes where she wants to go and does what she wants to do.
These girls are by far growing like wild flowers!!!
for the late sleepers
Less than when thou from bough patterned to plan
“Here is a lesson in creative writing.
Well, last Sunday I had to give myself a good kick in the pants to get a gift done for my girlfriend. I needed it done by Monday. Nothing like waiting to the last moment, right? I had started it the week before, but wasn't happy with my fabric choices. I made her this bag, which is actually the Libby Bag by Clover and Violet, but I opted to put a magnetic snap inside it and skip the binding and the flap. Maybe next time. This pattern did have a little typo, but I caught it. It called for you to sew 7 rows of charms, when you actually needed 8. Nothing big, just something to note if you intend to make one yourself. The picture diagram showed 8. I also think I did my own thing on the handles. But, that is typical me.
Yes, my Buccaneers were awful last year.
So many of my classmates and friends were kind enough to volunteer to help me. Brian, pictured here, my mom, and my friend Chris from home stayed with me until security asked us to leave at 1 in the morning! I returned at 7 am to finish the rest. Thank you mom, Chris, Brian, Tom, Lindsey, Brittany, Kari, Judith, Ashley, and Sasha for your help! Could not have done it with out you! Battle wounds. I think we all had blisters by the end of the day.The installation was completed 30 minutes before the opening at 4! Time for gallery set up for our guests.My table was all set and looking pretty. In the box below are the 3d stereographs I made for the opening. (Everyone said I had to have a 3d camera. I’m very proud of my -18 degree method to fool the 3d viewers. If you’re wondering how I did it I will be more than happy to tell you all about it!)The flowers on the right were sent by my cousins Ginger and Jessie They arrived 10 minutes before the opening! How sweet!The grapes and sparkling juice I brought in for the opening. Both my mom and my dad made it in for the opening!I put the flowers from Ginger and Jessie by my tambourines in my living room.Sunflowers! My father brought these up for me. Sunflowers are my absolute favorite (if you can’t tell).Matthew could not make it to the opening because he is living in Maryland (and I will be joining him soon!) so he had his sister Crystal bring these for me. She said to me, “He does realize that his sister is the one writing this note for him, right? I had no idea he was such a romantic!”My mother gave me this lovely notebook. I love the saying on the cover!These photos are from the day of my defense. I brought in more yummy snacks and drinks. Ashley Deyo took these photos of me after I got my high pass.Last Friday Matthew’s work was cancelled so he drove all the way up from Maryland (and arrived at 4 in the morning) to see my installation before I had to take it down.
He multiplied foods for the hungry and feet 5000 (counting only men), altogether may be more than 10,000′s that He fed through multiplying of foods with just a single meal, this is just Amazing, but true. There were 1000′s and 1000′s of people who were witness even on these things. Jesus Christ is God. Jesus Christ is Love, and He loves you.
Why do you create?
Meanwhile the hateful Nolan, demonstrated his bias by engaging in childish baiting and the usual shouting down of Mr Griffin, who gave a good account of himself.
Purge out therefore the old leaven, that ye may be a new lump, as ye are unleavened. For even Christ our Passover is sacrificed for us: Therefore let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, neither with the leaven of malice and wickedness; but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth. ~ 1st Corinthians 5:7-8
It saddens me to see how little understanding most of mankind has towards animals, they are beautiful creatures their presence on this planet make it a more wonderous place.
Finally, the Google Web alert for mobile learning.
As an example, my dealership offered me a tire warranty on top of the extended warranty, which would replace my tires if I blew any of them out due to a natural cause. They started by asking me for 10 dollars a month for the tire warranty. Now, I’ve never had my tire blow on me and if it did a new tire would cost me roughly 100 dollars. 10 dollars a month for my 5 year loan would end up costing me 600 dollars total, which I did not think was smart. So I refused, and they decreased it to 5 dollars. Once again I refused and they went down, all the way to 2 dollars a month. I thought some more about it and decided I would do that, because it would at least pay for one tire if something did happen. And as luck (I guess) would have it, I ended up hitting a pothole about a year after I bought my car and blew out my tire completely. I was able to get a new tire installed at no cost. This was one time I was glad I bought the tire warranty (which I still have).
1) Look at the list and make those you have read bold.
I really enjoyed reading Philip Reeve's 2010 novel (and Cybils SFF Finalist) Fever Crumb, with its post-apocalyptic feel and its enigmatic main character. Little did I know that Fever Crumb was actually a prequel to Reeve's first novel, Mortal Engines: The Hungry City Chronicles #1. In fact, Mortal Engines was an impulse grab from the library shelves, and, I must admit, one that intrigued me in part because of some similarities it bears to my current work-in-progress—COMPLETELY serendipitous and coincidental, but intriguing nonetheless.
Just a quick post to let you know that I am moving my blog, if you have this one saved, or subscribe to the RSS feed, please change to this site http://www.helenleathers.com/blog/ ?
~ When people discover you write about cocktails, they will do things like describe in only the vaguest terms a drink they once had in 1994 at a dive bar in rural Ohio and expect you to immediately tell them its name and complete ingredient list.
Combine the cherries and cognac and soak for 2 hours or overnight
Now all you have to do is curl the flap of the purse a little bit with your fingers and insert the tab on the flap inside the slit on the purse. It may help a little to use your Paper Piercer to open up the slit on the purse a little bit.
For the most part, we won’t see another Hitnatkut (expulsion), and Bibi may legalize more outposts and pass laws to help others, perhaps even annex settlement blocks or area C. As long they stay out of direct conflict with the Supreme Court, individual settlements should be safe. Overall the Settlement Enterprise should be OK.
because everyone does have a Mother.
Yes, I've been filling my time with all sorts of things and being completely lax about updating this blog (as usual it seems)! I really can't remember everything that has been distracting me but I certainly seem to have been busy and there's been a fair amount of photography involved. Which brings me to last nights activities.
For the sake of this post I think that we should consider tools that someone just at the beginning of this journey would need.
The Kindle DX is bigger, faster, and stronger, and it just might revolutionize the way documents, are carried, stored, and viewed. The Kindle DX has a larger display for graphics and charts, plus native support for PDF files.
Now comes the part where on the Israeli side the bosses lose their grip and throw their dedicated soldiers under the bus.
Because we’re using tahini in this cake, it doesn’t need any eggs, dairy or added oil. It is happily vegan and a great dessert to try out if you’re skeptical about baking without animal products because it is rich and moist and deeply nutty. The gorgeous “ribbon” of sesame seeds in the middle was a last minute thought, but made all the difference – a great alternative to icing that would certainly overwhelm the delicate flavours.
2.Write about a time in your life you were moved to tears. Sad tears, happy tears, your choice.
The instructor, Amy, and Val were great, super approachable and down to earth! Amy even offered to help me with firing up my kiln (I am a wee bit nervous of burning the school down).
In Bahrain, the US were involved in the start. They were clearly involved with the opposition as we have all witnessed the idiot Abdulhadi Alkhawaja say it publicly. He wasnt wrong either, the americans all of a sudden turned their backs on Bahrain and were on the opposition’s side until Saudi Arabia sent in the GCC forces. What you dont know is that wikileaks leaked millions of emails in the wikileaks ‘cablegate’ documents which showed the connection between the US and Alkhawaja. He was deemed as an opurtunist and had no interest in Human Rights or the fight for freedom. He was paid by the Iranian government to be an activist against the Bahraini government. He was exiled in ’81 when he was involved in the coup attempt at that time. When King Hamad came into power, he was pardoned by the King of Bahrain and he spent the rest of his time doing what he was paid by Iran to do, over throw the royal family of Bahrain, Al Khalifa. Last year, the Gulf Daily News covered a wikileaks segment about Alkhawaja’s real goals. The summary can be found here and the leaked cable talks about Alkhawaja’s direct involvement with a US diplomat:
to the world or not. Each
We all knew the right way to hold the jewels that our characters held. We would run through the corridors with our hands help up in the air as though holding invisible jewels. When I couldn’t find my friends, I would hold my hand up in the air, fingers positioned the way Starla holds her jewel, and I would let the jewel’s power guide me towards my friends. Our school had a basketball court, a cafeteria, a playground, and a mini forest, so the school seemed so huge for little Ja. Somehow the jewel thing worked, and I’d easily find my friends.
In May, Obama signed a bill committing the United States to help arrest Kony and his commanders and protect the affected population. Now it is high time to act. Arresting Kony would reaffirm that mass murder cannot be committed with impunity. And it would show that, despite the difficulties in Iraq and Afghanistan, the humanitarian use of force remains a live option at the Obama White House.
About 68 churches across the city face expulsion from the spaces they rent. Supporters say that the churches are an asset to their communities, especially in boroughs like the Bronx and Brooklyn.The rent they pay to public schools helps the schools with their budget problems as well.
If you're wondering what's this all about..
The second way I grew was reading the book “Women Who Love Too Much” by Robin Norwood. Apparently the book came out in the 80s, so it must be read while donning shoulder pads. In the book, she gives several examples of women who pick men that are “exciting” and “daring” and “irresponsible” but give the women the opportunity to recreate the cycle of pain that the woman grew up with.
Had no chat with boyfriend, last night, as he was involved in an argument with his ex. Something I was only too happy to stay clear of. He sent me a message when he was done, saying that they had found some resolution, but it was more than 2 hours later. Ugh! This process of divorce, of splitting things and finances at the end of a marriage, is awful. There must be an easier way, right? I’ve been through it, too, but it was more than 10 years ago. Not a pleasant experience for anyone, and never easy no matter how simple things appear.
They watch the lp, thinking it mirrors
Nov 19 – Sonar – Baltimore, MD (W/Cobra Starship)
Jimi reforms The Experience but with Billy Cox on bass instead of Noel Redding. They do a hugely successful world tour with co-headlining act The Who. The highlight of the tour is the final night in Germany when Hendrix is joined onstage by Eric Clapton, Stevie Ray Vaughn, and Eddie Van Halen for a rendition of “Voodoo Chile.”
established unto you is because you’re acting on the Word; you’re taking your
*Wear a beret and carry a spatula….French fry.
Cornered Cat Training will be held September 8-9 in Culpeper Virginia. This is a coed class. The cost of the 2 day course is $400 plus ammo. If you would like more information or if you are interested in attending you can email me at agirlandhergun@gmail.com I will send you the registration form. Once you return that form and make full payment, I will email you information on hotels in the area, directions to the range, supply list for the class, etc.
Night after night
“I also remember my fellow soldiers Zohar Ben Linik and David Ben Hamo, both remarkable fellows who were killed during preparations for a military operation, shortly after we enlisted together to the Special Forces unit Sayeret Matkal. I escorted Zohar and David, who were seriously injured, to the hospital, where they were both pronounced dead….
At Fort Moultrie we learned that at one time our country's flag had fifteen stars and fifteen stripes. That is definitely a "FuN Fact" that I will be adding to my list (below my header) in the future!
As we know, I recently ended an almost 3 year relationship. I relate to this song because it acknowledges how much it hurts, but that ultimately I will smile and be happy again because I deserve to.
Our first stop after completing our training will be Los Angeles, where we'll be meeting with WGA scriptwriters to learn about the ways that scriptwriting and "movie production" scams differ from book-related scams.
Conclusion – Today’s single vineyard 2010 Corvalle Chardonnay is a bright and delicious with a fantastic softness – without being buttery at all. Winemaker, Ryan Moreland, used neutral oak and partial malolactic fermentation in making today’s wine, resulting in a Chardonnay that is fresh, crisp and clean. Without big oak to overpower the flavors, the fruit is allowed to really shine through, delivering a freshness that is rare among California Chardonnay. Aromatics, too, are bright and lively, presenting sweet, authentic fruits on the nose. This bright and balanced wine is an easy Summertime sipper that is a true delight all on its own. It has the structure and acidity, though, to be a fantastic companion to your favorite Summer meals. This wine get’s our highest Wine Spies recommendation!
They are talented but to get these great riches they corrupt young people by example and by advocating things such as drugs. They are very much part of the general orthodoxy or their careers would soon be destroyed. Their personae are usually an embodiment of a fashionable idea. David Bowie in his early days embodied the feminist idea of androgyny; Madonna popularised sado-masochism, though the philosophy came from Foucault. In real life she tried to live as an English country lady while in public she pretends to be a rebel effing and blinding and snogging Britney at award ceremonies.
SALGADO CD, GIANNETTA ET, HAYDEN FG, FARR BM. Preventing nosocomial influenza by improving the vaccine acceptance rate of clinicians. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2004; 25: 923-928.
Sorry to leave you all a bit hanging there. I had such plans to write a last post before this little guy arrived. As my luck would have in a last minute turn of events I was whisked away for an emergency c-section on Thursday night instead of the scheduled one we had for Friday.
Cardstock to match the party bags
I have more shots of hummingbirds to share with you.
Carnegie was adamant that he did not amass wealth for its own sake, or to pass on to his heirs. “The man who died rich,” he said, “died disgraced.” The duty of the rich man, while still living, was to use his fortune for projects that advanced the good of the community, in his case, the funding of public libraries. Much appreciated! Really!
This is an older appearance from earlier in the year, but I want to continue posting NDE-related videos as I come across them.
This recipe is practically identical to the Sharrow Bay recipe,the only noteworthy deviation is the use of 'best dripping' as opposed to 'best butter'.But,your average thrifty housewife living in post war Britain is hardly likely to be in a position to whack the household's full weekly ration of butter into one pudding..
Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding; Proverbs 3:5 NIV84
It reminds me of forcing branches to bloom but it's actually alive and growing. We don't have the space for this tree to be planted so I will use it as a plant, maybe bringing it outside in the summer.
It’s quite ironic how Savage founded the “It Gets Better” movement, yet he absolutely burns Christians and the Bible. Typical leftist behavior – everyone who disagrees with you ought to be silenced. “Free speech?” Pffft.
WHAT THEY WANT. Anything . . . anything at all . . . . Ninjas . . . . Recycling . . . . Hairstyling . . . .the Crimean War . . . . animal poop . . . anything at all. The possibilities, of course, are absolutely limitless. It’s like taking a funnel and looking through the skinny end. You start with a relatively small and immature lens of the world, that when you look through it provides you with a view that you would’ve never thought possible. How exciting! When they have the freedom to learn what they want, then, the question for me becomes this: How do they choose what to learn about? I mean, they cannot learn about everything in the world simultaneously – that’s a trifle overwhelming. No, they learn about things by reading, watching, touching, talking, listening, and playing with things that INTEREST them, that hold some ALLURE or ATTRACTION to them . . . . in short, they learn about things that they are, oftentimes, passionate about.
That's probably why we don't buy school pictures. That and I swear it's some kind of a racket those school photographers have going to charge the most money possible because they're so good at guilting you into buying your kid's pictures. NOT ME! I see past all of their charades and solemnly refuse to purchase their over priced crappy pictures! We go to the local place and pay $10 for pictures that I get to pick out instead.
Ink: VersaFine Onyx Black, Tim Holtz Distressing Ink Tea Dye
It was a tense week at The Papercraft Sessions. One of my ladies was just 2 days away from her due date and we were all a little worried that she might give birth at any minute! Fortunately, she didn't, but I'm thrilled to say that she had a lovely little baby girl last night and both Mum and baby are doing well.
And what is happening to the oil, where is it going?
Yes. Exactly. If you are a Christian, this is how you should see not just this case, but life in general. Famous Christians are not "better" Christians or more important Christians or more "representative" of God than any OTHER Christian! Nor do what they do = God's will. (Except Christ, but he's a special case XD ) And as stated above, it's dangerous to start playing that game.
So they sat on the kitchen counter, waiting patiently for me in a zippy bag, until one day I threw the bag into my purse and took them with me.
It's a real modern dilemma, the sort of thing Shaw would have written a good play about.
Across my cheek and my eye
The "Guidelines for Examination at the European Patent Office" are just what the name says. They should guide the EPO Officers through the Examination procedure and are not addressed to the applicant.
My heart is broken. My husband, who has had him since he was just weeks old, is crushed. And BB is at a complete loss as to how to say goodbye. He can’t even think about it without crying. And as a parent, that’s just another thing that makes this so hard. I can deal with my grief, but helping my son deal with his is more painful than I could have expected.
Awesome cards, aren't they? I am always so proud to show TEAM S.A.S.'s cards and am happy to have each of them on our team!
Yahweh is a God of love, but know this foremost: She will not break Her own laws. Her laws are SUPREME. She abides by them, and you can be thankful that She is also a good and insightful lawyer as well, (Numbers 19:2 “This is the legal statute that the LORD has commanded:…”) because through the study of Her own laws She found a WAY to redeem each of you from sin that carries the penalty of eternal death. Her Sacrifice was great, even greater than Christ Jesus’ Sacrifice, because She was without Her Beloved and only-begotten Son for those days and nights he remained in death – nonexistence where he knew nothing and felt nothing- and I (Bebai, an original holy angel of the Seraphic Order also known as Alpha members) know from personal experience that the Mountain of Zion flowed down tears abundantly until his resurrection (reanimation back to life).
This is my third week of the A to Z Poetry Challenge hosted by Rena Traxel. The whole month of April I will practice writing poetry. Click here for all the challenge details
Ribbon is from my stash - I really can't remember the site - gorgeous ribbon though.
Me: Shall we get breakfast now?
1. As the pulse from NEXRAD RADAR is generated —- it does indeed go from 0.0 MHz to about 12MHz…… therefore the pulse itself is indeed similar (or identical) to a pulse from HAARP…. a difference of 2MHz at the top end (which in miniscule in the scheme of power available at the facility) .
Hope Santa is kind to you all.
A rice-filled heating pad is a welcome gift for many people. Elderly people or people suffering from arthritis will enjoy these bags for the relief they get from pain. Athletes can use them on muscle strains and pulls. For the rest of us these bags will soothe the stress and strain of our hectic days. One merely pops these bags into the microwave for 2 minutes (depending on the size of your bag), and whaaalaaa you'll enjoy many minutes of warmth and pleasure. These bags also serve a dual purpose as you can store them in the freezer and use them as a cooling pad as well.
Angus - Well, I don't want to grow up then! I don't want to change.
Wednesday afternoon ateliers at many museums
Necklace: F21 (2008?)
The label is a chipboard piece I won for some challenge abroad....
-Show on the ring apron when Show gets dropkicked off and steps on a table at ringside and it breaks!!!!!
By this point, I had walked halfway around the park, so it was with exquisite haste that I flew back around to where I had left the wallet. But, of course, it was nowhere to be found. My mind flew back to Paris, 1995, when, as an 18 year-old fresh out of high school, I had accidentally left my wallet on the airplane from America. That cumbersome and annoying experience rang
When I was out wandering on Sunday with Jamie, we decided that coloring books were necessary. Surprisingly, Barnes & Noble didn't have that great of a selection. We couldn't find Disney characters, or Smurfs, not even Sesame Street. It was a bunch of random coloring books, most of which involved some type of math. Who wants that?! I did stumble across a gem though: The Very Hungry Caterpillar by Eric Carlisle. It was a copy of book, but none of the illustrations had been colored in. This was a chic coloring book. And you know, sometimes Sasquatch likes being chic. The best part is that I no longer have to compromise coloring and food, because now I'm coloring a book about food. That's really the best kind of coloring. I plan to work my way through the first two seasons of Mad Men while coloring my way through every last page. Don't ask me why, but the two just seem to be activities that should be done in tandem.
PLG #26 Create a card, scrapbook page, 3D item, knit, crochet, anything you are inspired to make by the photo at the top of this post. All we ask is that you have FUN with it! Link your project up by 8pm PST using Mr. Linky below by Wednesday, April 11th. Please link directly to your blog entry. If you are posting on SplitCoast or another website use the keyword PLG#26.
A: I love that lashes look amazing on anyone and you can specifically design them to suite their lifestyle and personality. No two people have the same eyes, so with the hundreds of lengths, widths, and curl patterns of lash extensions, the options are endless. The process is very intricate and takes practice, but is always worth the final result. I love seeing each individual’s unique transformation!
I wonder if our current web infrastructure is simply a new version of this same problem. We’ve moved into the adolescent stage of the internet: the novelty of “all information, all the time” is gone, replaced by the growing influence and importance of curators. (Compare Maria Popova fifteen years ago to today.)
From blogs about complete anxiety breakdowns to when you get up to urinate at night. I simply do not feel that my additions to this world should be about coming off like a crazy person in need of deep cleansing counseling.
Among the early-morning arrests was a man identified as a Vietnam veteran outside the Bank of America HQ. ‘Freedom isn’t free,’one activist tweeted. ‘Got to arrest some veterans to preserve it.’
top - h&m, dungarees, bag - vintage,
I love PBS (Public Broadcasting Service).
Smoking and the Problems It Can Cause
any pain...
This article can be ordered directly from the DOE by calling (202) 586-5000.
The finale day of LFW S/R’12 started with Sougat Paul using intricate tonal embroidery on a grand back drop like chiffon and silk, the designing duo ensured that their utterly feminine creations revealed their inspiration on la rampe.
Attainability: NOT LOOKING TOO BAD
My husband and I have known good times and sorrowful times. Challenging times and peaceful times. Our bodies have changed as grey hairs have woven themselves into a life that no longer holds the promise of youth. We have been lucky to share a philosophical view of life, allowing us to marvel at an ever-expanding universe. At times I feel like we are tiny specs of star-dust in the dark night. At times, rays of light from a glorious sun. We have shared our wounds, our hearts, our minds and a wicked sense of humor that in spite of anything and everything keeps us laughing through the ups and downs, the thick and thin. Always in the context of the covenant that we will love and care for one another. Always in the context of holding hands.
I'm Here to Get My Baby out of Jail
You know, there are days on which you just listen to a particular artist.. over and over.
So if logic is all we had, then we would come to reason that if the Bible is partially wrong, which portions of Scripture are true and which one’s are false? How would we be able to determine which portions are true and which one’s are false? In addition, we must also ask, why doesn’t someone take the untrue portions of the Bible and remove them and only keep the true portions? Finally, the question that would remain is how does the person who made this “new true” Bible, know the stories they chose are really true?
Organizing is what my dad finds relaxing. On his day off last week he straightened out his dresser–and by “straightened out,” I mean he went through each scrap of paper and every coin on the surface of his dresser and threw away or reorganized his things accordingly.
If Seau’s death is ruled as a suicide caused by depression or CTE, it will represent the first suicide of a player that starred during my life. This generational gap meant that the implications of the deaths of Dave Duerson, Tom McHale, Andre Waters, and more recently, Ray Easterling, mostly eluded me. I understood what it meant to older fans who witnessed those players in their primes, but the thought that it could happen to players who I grew up watching, for some reason, seemed unlikely. The signs of impending disaster were there, reflected in the frightening accounts of former players like Ted Johnson, but for the most part, the worst kind of tragedy had been confined to earlier generations. However, given that today’s players are bigger, faster and stronger than they were decades ago, the problem may get worse. As players I grew up watching and admiring retire and attempt to lead normal lives, their brains could be ticking time bombs.
She was, in her day, an international sensation, and while her vogue was fairly short (little better than a dozen years or so), she covered a lot of ground, both professionally (she sang, danced the tango, and made a string of well-received European silents) and geographically (performing everywhere from Paris to Uruguay, with a starry U.S. tour right around the time of this cover).
The Belgians lived on a busy street in the northern Flemish town of Turnhout and ran an appliance business from the bottom floor of their building. To reach their apartment one had to enter through the store — packed to the rafters with equipment in various states of repair — to a small door at the back that opened into a cramped staircase. Every time I opened that door and went up it felt like I was Alice in Wonderland (“Just then her head struck against the roof of the hall: in fact she was now more than nine feet high”). The stairway deposited visitors in the family’s living and dining area, dominated by heavy oak furniture and doilies.
God was too busy listening to Roman Catholic Bishops prayers, so he didn't have time to comment on Scott Walker's pandering comments to religious zealots.
I snapped some pics of the process.
This blog abides by word of mouth marketing standards. I believe in honesty of relationship, opinion and identity. The compensation received may influence the advertising content, topics or posts made in this blog. That content, advertising space or post will be clearly identified as paid or sponsored content.
oh. well what's the saying about too many pans?
Fridays during the Blog Me MAYbe month are focused on sharing something funny. I’m trying to keep my posts shorter than usual (by my standards of long and short, anyway), but this will be one of my shortest posts, even by my own standards of short.
from the bright underpants of life to-day?
3 ripe, juicy tomatoes
I thought over the situation that is currently playing out in my blog worlds. I talked with a friend that is a neutral source and she helped to shed some light on the situation that I was hiding away from. Actually, she kind of pushed me into the light I was already seeing but was afraid to approach, hehe.
As is the case with effective Nonprofit and NGO (Nongovernmental Organization) work, true difference and impact often is the result of authentic collaboration. We are privileged, honored and committed to offering of ourselves in engaging effective collaborative assistance. Hope For the Silent Voices achieves this with persons and organizations representative of positive life change without motive. Thank you to our partner organization, Child Education International.
Cat - cool grey 1,2,3
What are your favorite subscribed channels in YouTube? Let me know in the comments below, I'm quite interested in watching new things, yet not bothered enough to find it myself.
Did you watch my goofy video from yesterday’s post yet? Yeah, yeah I hear y’all…you feel sorry for my hubby & all that…whatever…he loves us and puts up with us so its all good…sometimes he acts like a grumpy elf but we love him anyways. AND YES my son laughs just like Anderson Cooper….click here to listen to Anderson (if you never saw this video of Anderson I DARE you to not laugh cuz its funny even the 100th time you watch it & scroll down to watch the video from yesterday. All I have to say is that we know how to entertain ourselves very EASILY in the Dean family LMBO!!
2 skinned
All of this pure energy being released by today’s super moon finds completion with the solar eclipse on May 20th.
Using a combination of 300 & another unknown brown color
... Oooo aarrrgh!
We've done the paperwork to release our hospital records/MRI's and EEG, the kids have to have some blood drawn, and now I'm getting through the phone interview portion of it. It's supposed to take aprox 2-4 hours, but I've got 3 kids . . . so it's kinda long. Yesterday morning I was on the phone for a couple hours, mostly talking about the specific symptoms of Halle's seizures. I wasn't prepared for the sudden emotion that kicked me in the gut. Maybe I should have expected it but I felt totally drained and depressed the rest of the day. However, I am not complaining. I just am SO GRATEFUL they are actively working on figuring things out.
1. This is NOT magic. Fitness is a math equation. It’s that simple. No potions or formulas, no magic incantations. IF you follow the plan I lay out for you, you WILL have amazing results, there is NO possible way that you won’t. If you do not have results it means that you are not being honest with me or yourself about the level of commitment you have to the program, period.
2) RUDE FUCKER, cheepet -_____-
“For Christians one can no longer talk of the land promised to the Jewish people,” he said, because the “promise” was “abolished by the presence of Christ.”
Robin Page, 61, a farmer and countryside campaigner, was questioned over remarks he made at a fair in Frampton on Severn, Gloucestershire.
To make him disappear just so?
provision when markets were tested. The tendering timetable is
This FREE event is open to students from the University of Manchester, MMU and the University of Salford, and will give you a detailed overview of the opportunities that exist within the digital industry – looking specifically at the exciting and creative worlds of advertising and marketing. A range of industry experts will explain – through presentations and one-to-one discussions – what it’s like to work in the industry and the kind of skills you need to succeed.
443112 Radio, television, & other electronics stores
Punch (to create window for shaker)
Bring 1 cup stout and 1 cup butter to simmer in large saucepan over medium heat. Add cocoa powder and whisk until mixture is smooth. Cool slightly.
I asked colleagues at school if they have ever heard of or used Zotero before, none of them had. I was a little surprised by some of the responses I received and the lack of interest. I suppose that the lack of interest is because the teachers cannot use it in their classrooms because of the strict guidelines that the Department of Defense schools must adhere to as we ultimately connect to DOD servers and the only browser authorized on the computers is Internet Explorer; it would take an act of Congress to make the changes.
Mammals… Dormice will be waking from their hibernation; habitat loss and lack of coppicing has seen their numbers decline. May and June are ideal months for hedgehog mating, keep an ear out at night for strange noises. The warmth brings bats out in force, using echolocation to find their prey. Bechstein’s bats are among those associated with woodland, they are also one of the UK’s rarest bat species. They like to roost in trees in old woodpecker holes. May is also a popular month for bat mating.
The following are some engaging ways to introduce students into crime writing and the conventions of crime writing.
I would be remiss if I spoke on a Spiritual Discipline without first explaining how they work in our relationship with Christ – a relationship defined by grace and faith; not works and legalism. So instead of diving into fasting, today we are going to step back and look at Spiritual Disciplines as a whole.
In honor of May 1st, celebrated as Labor Day in 66 countries, we honor its most important contribution, the 8 hour work day. Those of us who run a small business are wondering how successful we need to become in order to work just 8 hours. Any good manager will tell you that you must delegate. Who is your most reliable business resource? My vote goes to your telephone system.
Pressing on, the path heads across the slope at which point having one leg shorter than the other would be quite handy. The chalk grassland here in places is showing signs of encroachment by hawthorn and blackthorn – the National Trust have a management plan to preserve the grassland through grazing which hopefully should keep this in check.
little restaurants "Madison Square and Garden". It's a funky little place with outdoor seating
- wait for the dog’s to arrive at the pick-up stop.
Tuesday itself was intense, lots of stuff to fix post-holiday, but also a howling gale full of little
and not worthy of the price.
Greetings from beyond the veil, Effendi. Or maybe the Rock of Eternity might be more appropriate for this entry. It was upon this date that Prince Sirki did summon forth two great heroes of the silver screen.
Hey there - it's almost Friday - well, here in my neck of the woods - for those of you who are already there - I'm jealous :)
“Stop worrying about your dog so damn much.”
Love NEVER fails. 1 Corinthians 13:8
I’m twenty-two years old.
There are three sources of belief: reason, custom, inspiration. The Christian religion, which alone has reason, does not acknowledge as her true children those who believe without inspiration. It is not that she excludes reason and custom. On the contrary, the mind must be opened to proofs, must be confirmed by custom, and offer itself in humbleness to inspirations, which alone can produce a true and saving effect. Ne evacuetur crux Christi.
She then apologized and said that since she had already cut the cake, she could not take it back. I said it was ok, I would be happy to eat the lemon cake. I knew it was not in my cards to have an Inglese muffin (as she called it) any time soon.
Unravelling soured pieces
15.) “Time Ticking”
TD: Are you Jewish, madam?
and created a beautiful light, transending through a minute of silence
FULL DAY:
Tatted Easter Eggs by Kirsten Wind Hansen
I still need to catch up on Blood-C & Croisee and hopefully I’ll do it today. Yay.
I think the reasons why this particular recipe failed had to do with the following: I didn’t pay attention to the ratio of ingredients; the batter was too wet and didn’t have the correct binder to keep the muffin together or help it to rise; and, probably the most relevant, my ignorance of working with vegan binders.
Every poem is a misinterpretation of a parent poem. A poem is not an overcoming of anxiety, but is that anxiety. Poets’ misinterpretations or poems are more drastic than critics’ misinterpretations or criticism, but this is only a difference in degree and not at all in kind. There are no interpretations but only misinterpretations, and so all criticism is prose poetry (94-95).
The last jelly neon from this collection! Both jellies are quite sheer, but they were able to even out slowly as they dried. Reminds us of a the Jeans collection from both Nubar and Chanel! We were never a fan of such blue, but this jelly neon changed our mind! We really love this blue jelly layered with glitters!
But I've taken the approach on whatever gets done before Kalia gets here, gets done. Whatever doesn't wasn't meant to be. June 9th it was.
These are just the stories that make it to the headlines, but one of the first concepts I learned in Islam is that of loyalty, of
She was only one month, to the day, into her 71st year....waaay too young to go.
Tomorrow begins another new month...August! Can you believe how fast July has flown by? Time seems to move faster and faster, I guess, as we age. Bummer. But, I am looking forward to school starting later in the month and getting back to normal routine. I'm also looking forward to designing my August dress. The Artist Theme for August is Pointillism . I'm very excited about that! July's Theme has been Folk Art. Folk Art is fun and encompasses many different mediums. I based my July dress on matching outfits my mother made my sister and me when we were kids. I remember wearing my Little House on the Prairie dress on that Christmas shown in the photo. That's me on the right (brown hair). My Folk Art Dress is blue and has that patchwork, quilt look to it that reminds me of my Laura Ingalls dress. Sidenote: My sister and I played Little House and, of course, I played Laura and she was Mary as she had blonde hair and older.
Top with the filling. Place the final/top genoise layer.
There are a whole lot of reasons to hit the multiplexes this summer, not the least of which is the air conditioned comfort. There literally is something for every kind of taste out there, be it big honkin’ action movies to tear jerkers to kid-friendly animated features. Hopefully a few of the previews here have piqued your interest. Please keep in mind that as always, release dates are rarely set in stone; some of the films in this preview will be delayed, shifted to different dates or even shelved altogether and/or exiled to Direct-to-Home Video hell. Still, there should be plenty here in any case to keep you busy all summer long. Don’t fret when August approaches however – there are some pretty intriguing movies looking to make their mark in the Fall, ranging from Peter Jackson’s return to Middle Earth in The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey, Quentin Tarantino’s take on a Western with Django Unchained, the end of the most polarizing series in movie history comes to The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 2 while James Bond makes a long-overdue return in Skyfall. There is also an animated team-up of legendary characters like Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny in Rise of the Guardians and a big screen version of the hit Broadway musical Les Miserables. That’s getting a bit ahead of ourselves however – we’ll be back with a more detailed preview at the end of August. Until then, Cinema365 will be here with our weekly previews of new releases, our monthly Four-Warned series and of course reviews every day (usually) to keep up on the cinematic goodies being served in theaters all over. Bon appétit!
Over these years, my weight fluctuated between 235 and up to my current all time high of 285 pounds. My husband’s diabetes has always been hard to control and he was once on up to 16 medications but we’ve been able to cut it in half. I’m in chronic pain again. His heart is having trouble again. Enough is enough.
standing at a bus stop,
Abbreviations:
The normal settings for а computer using an operating system thаt іѕ popular include the hard drive space nееdѕ to bе sufficient. The space for this normal requirement іѕ twenty five gigabytes of space. In thе ultra settings іt іs thе ѕamе v&"1072;luе for hard drive storage space requirements.
Norm Friesen, Thompson Rivers University, and Shannon Lowe, Thompson Rivers University. The Lecture as Trans-Medial Pedagogical Form: An Historical/Ecological Analysis
I always prefer coloring a photocopy, otherwise there is no way to undo a mistake if there is a problem with the coloring.
My best friends during that 14 day long slump were all the writing craft books I had bought. At any moment you could see these books lying on my bed. I would be frantically making notes on how to hook the readers from page one, how to move the conflict up to the first page, make the story question apparent as soon as was possible.
So, you will still see a 11 month post that is now a week late a 1 year post in a few short weeks and a birthday party wrap up once I get the photos back! But other than that I am goin to focus on me, my shop, my baby & trying to reproduce baby number 2 :)
National Guard troops are routinely involved in ‘urban warfare training’ drills but they usually take place within the confines of military bases. Many fear that the increasing presence of armed soldiers patrolling residential neighborhoods is a precursor to martial law.
filling your lungs with the drunken scent of death,
Cool on wire rack; should be firm, but soft and chewy on the inside
Well, now you know where he left you
Thank you for your work on the presentations!
855 *D-IV/27/1983. “The Open Society.” Department of Government, Georgetown University, Washington, D.C. (Incorporated in Item C-1984(2), above.)
The whole damn world. I think that when people are first learning about unschooling, it can be helpful to point out specific ways to find knowledge and gain skills, but when it really comes down to it, learning is everywhere. Whether walking in the woods, reading a book on architecture, going to Spanish class, talking to a friend, or contemplating clouds, learning is happening. And I think that's one of the biggest paradigm shifts people make as they move towards unschooling: seeing that learning happens everywhere, all the time, not just between certain times in the day, or when engaging in certain activities.
"Ring Susan."
I vote for the second reason because for a child thinking and doing are one and the same.
Carinin shook his head. “No, I can’t afford to lose a good detective.” He never looked up as he added Sweet-n-Low to his coffee.
but still tender inside.
It's Sunday, which means it's time for another challenge here at the CCC blog. We had another wonderful week of participation last week, and are always so thankful for that. With the help of my friend, Random.org, we also have one lucky winner of a SCRS stamp.
Then, the media begins its spin, arguing as Chuck Todd, with his cynical smile, body language of disgust, and obvious prejudice in a truly exceptional Mr. Darcy pose that anyone who believes what the president said is simply “naive”. He and others continue today to insist President Obama’s trip, speech and the signed agreement are merely political. Of course they are political, but there is no merely about it. When two heads of state and NATO agree after months of negotiation to chart a course for continued partnership and mutual security that is a political act. That is why we HAVE a president, to represent our best interest and negotiate relationships with the rest of the world. TO BE POLITICAL. The reason we televise their speeches and appearances is because we believe in transparency, not because it is an election year, and not because our president is self-serving.
off to box up some cookies and hopefully make a few more cards!
Spiritual work is not easy. And it cannot be hurried. The Lilly Endowment's Clergy Renewal Grant has provided me the time and the space to do the difficult work of sorting out my life and spirit. Fourteen weeks may seem a long time, but it was only after week thirteen, that I was ready for one more visit with my spiritual director. There I dropped my last anxieties of returning to ministry. I was ready: a new and centered man.
Monograms are a very popular choice when it comes to choosing your wedding “logo.” If you and your fiancé have decided that you want to add your monogram to all of your wedding details there are some “rules” you should follow.
I click the play arrow for the 104th time.
2. Sew a dress from scratch: Gonna have to roll this one over to my new list because I never got around to it... Got to the cutting the pattern and fabric, but the assembly never came to fruition.
The sets for the shots were built by model-maker. The black and white parquet floor alone took seven days to build from 6000 pieces hardwood. The walls were cast in white concrete, deliberately left with an imperfect finish.
I hope y'all enjoyed my lovely friends last week :)
So that had to go back tonight .. .. how much time have we wasted between Good Friday and now!!!! WAY TOO MUCH!!! GRRR!!!
Don’t get me wrong, canned foods are amazing ways to prep, I think a lot of them are some of the best ways to prep. However, none of them will last forever, even shelf-stable foods will get to a point that they will not be what you expect when you open the can. This means that finding a different way to feed yourself is very necessary if you are prepping for a situation of any extended period of time.
Makeup: Phoebe Barrett
Swirling clouds of unnatural vapor, thick like a London pea-souper, enshrouds me on all sides. With my heart racing, I flee as fast as I can. Running fast through sand is like trying to squeeze thick honey through a bear-bottle. Visibility near zero, I frantically search for an escape route that will end with my soul intact.
“The belief that all members of each race possess characteristics, abilities, or qualities specific to that race especially so as to distinguish it as inferior or superior to another race or races. Prejudice, discrimination, or antagonism directed against someone of a different race based on such a belief”
Spicy Refrigerator Dill Pickles
The clothing optional section starts about 300m north from the surf lifesaving club and is clearly marked by this sign.
Finally, the universe. It's everything...literally. Anything that exists, exists within our universe. We know there exist many, many billions of galaxies - each with many billions of stars - which stretch out across a cosmic web-like structure. Between these web-like filaments, each made of thousands of galaxies, are gigantic voids where little matter exists at all. The assumption is this void-and-filament structure came initially from microscopic density fluctuations just a few seconds after the Big Bang which has been ballooning outwards ever since.
People are very quick to tell us that racism doesn’t exist. They are quick to remind us that WE are all Americans. But those people have never walked onto a bus and had people clutch their purses when you pass by. Those people have never been followed around a store. Those people have never had to worry about their son’s being harassed on the way home from school because they wear their pants a little loose. Those people have never been THE only person of that race in a neighborhood or classroom or town. Yes WE are ALL Americans, and so we have a duty to make sure that we all FEEL like American and not strangers in our own country. People are living in ignorance out of fear. Fear is getting children killed.
Beer: Adnams ‘Broadside’ Bottle 6.3% & Adnams ‘Innovation’ Bottle 6.7%
Also visible amidst the grass were the bright, shiny bodies of hundreds and hundreds of lipstick red ladybirds, the glossy lacquer of their polka dot print wings gleaming in the late afternoon sun. There were so many of them in fact they were crawling over us and our picnic blanket. You might spot one on my sandal. As the afternoon waned they each mounted and climbed to the top of a sunlit stalk of grass, waiting for what I'm not sure, perhaps a favourable air current to take off or merely to escape the encroaching dew. I found it a rather impressive feat for such a tiny creature.
Heji/Bboy
Cutting, gluing and or pasting activities
and as i read, "i think i can, i think i can, i think i can . . ."
"Awwww, come on, this cannot be real?!"
Soothing music plays from a corner near the park entrance, where a small group engages in the ancient practice of Tai Chi. Both physically demanding and soul-quieting, this martial art is a common sight across China. Wearing t-shirts and track pants, the group transitions from one form to the next in total unison.
1/2 pomegranate, arils removed (in season September-February)
I practice much
I love recipes that are so simple and turn out so good. I saw this recipe on Smitten Kitchen recently. The original had yogurt and pomegranate seeds. I left those out to keep it simple. I actually used to make cauliflower like this but cannot remember why I stopped. When Hasan came home from school he asked to try some and he loved it...he had some more with his dinner too!
Patriots day. Warsaw uprising day. Waco Day. Oklahoma City Day.
It was in 2007 that I received the Party’s award:
Symbolising friendship rather than romance, commonly used in jewellery it has in cultures symbolised protection and wisdom, to be carried/worn in everyday life for guidance. The colour is said to help with clear thinking and decision making, understanding ourselves and others. This stone can carry very personal meaning to the wearer and the directions and circumstances of their life.
So other than developing a slight crush on Snow White, what else did I get from the movie? Well, at just under 2 hours I was pleasantly entertained during the films running time and never felt bored. It is lighthearted and fun and a breezy enough little movie. Julia Roberts seems to be having a blast playing against type, and it is plenty of fun watching her evil Queen relish in her own nasty wickedness. Nathan Lane hams it upper as the Queen’s yes-man Brighton, and Armie Hammer seems to be channeling a young Brendan Fraser as Prince Alcott. I was really impressed by Armie Hammer when I first saw him as the Winklevoss twins in “The Social Network” , and I’m looking forward to seeing him as the title character in Gore Verbinski’s “The Lone Ranger” when it comes out next year.
So why is this so cool? Well, because it takes out the common words (like the, a, and), and then chooses the most common words in your book to make the word cloud out of. The more common the word, the bigger it is in the cloud.
Escape from his pathetic shell.
Put it in God’s hands! Allow Him to work out His will and continue to grow in faith. Keep your eyes on Him while doing his work and you will not even recognize the storm. You will not doubt and in turn you will not begin to sink.
I am also thankful for washable markers because without them my children would look like walking art exhibits! Why is it that whether they are coloring for 30 seconds or two hours they manage to get it up both arms, all over they're hands, on their clothes AND on their face! I swear I've watched my daughter coloring and I have yet to notice her playing nunchucks with her markers or dancing around with them, so HOW does it get everywhere? The world may never know, but as long as it washes off I'll be thankful for that!
I was naive, of course. Twenty years old. He was 45. He was brilliant, and he showed an interest in knowing me. I stupidly thought it was for my intellect.
RVRHE Blog (rvrheblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
At this point you may wonder, “What did they play?” and the answer is somewhat complicated and confusing. It seems the worlds and beings made up games with odd ideas and notions, and they would play various roles in their story making games.
Quite a lot, as it turns out, which is why the members of our founding stock decided, in 1924, to put a stop to it. Immigration was from that point on subject to such strict quotas that for all intents and purposes, the tap was turned off.
This is not because Imagine is an anti-religious song; it's because the entire point of the song is to challenge the very idea that we need these institutions in the first place. As a reminder, the verse that Cee Lo mangled begins like this:
To my surprise, the recipe made twice as much batter as anticipated so I have breakfast for tomorrow all set too! Now, I guess I need to go grocery shopping so I don’t end up eating popcorn and hummus for lunch. Also, I should probably call someone about that screeching. It’s been going on so long that I almost forgot about it, like it’s a new soundtrack for the building. I said almost. Have a great day!
“Potential attackers must be made to understand quite clearly that farmers are not free game and that the government is serious in rooting out the problem,” he said.
Now that the burial was over, the hours ticked by ….. tonight when few people are around the house and tomorrow and the next day …. and the next and the next …. my SIL & BIL’s test will continue …. they have to cope with life without Hadi and so I hope May Allah shower unto them, a strong heart, patience and perseverance to continue life as best as they could without him besides them. Amin!
Visiting a couple of people tomorrow and don't like going empty handed.
When the electric fretless bass was first popularized in jazz, one of the leading proponents was the late, legendary Jaco Pastorius. The story goes (and I don’t know whether it is true or apocryphal) that Jaco had a regular Fender Jazz Bass, which being a standard design from the Fender catalogue, had frets, but he got it into his head to strip the pick guard off, take out the frets with a pair of pliers and fill the slots with epoxy, sanding down the neck, when it was dry, to produce a smooth fretboard. With this even deck, he more or less invented his own style of playing fretless electric bass.
I don’t want to see Santa’s approaching reindeer
What I appreciated so much was Cleave’s gentle tone of sincerity to affect you so deeply that you would think about the characters long after you put the book down and his ability to really make your heart ache with emotion whether it’s adoration, hatred or sympathy.
Instead of tearing the wall down, we did some ventilation experiments. The final result was a fan near the ceiling that blows from the kitchen into the living room, and a cold air return vent near the floor.
The film then breaks down into the backdrop of all these events coming together,which makes the original event even more painful to take accept.
I would go for a 50.000 population town. This is usually big enough for the things you want a city for yet not so big that it would fall apart. Small enough that people eventually get to know each other and there’s a sense of small town community yet at the same time tis not that small that no one would give a damn about it. This size of town usually means that there’s acceptable services, hospitals, maybe a community college or university your kids can go to rather than moving hundreds of miles away.
So I covered the frame and the centre square in co-ordinating paper and stamped off the cake for the centre panel, adding some pearls to some of the flowers and a dot of a Copic Marker to the centre of others. The sentiment is hung between the outer frames and in place of the stitching element I wrapped twine around both ends and edged with a scallop border punch to tie in with the reverse scallop of the frame.
Those who think there can ever be a victory in any leader inheriting a divided, factionalised and disunited party - is either a fool or a traitor.
See that's what's up on Park Place, in Crown Heights (Yeh it's a block from the "border" of Prospect Heights but I'll address broader border issues next time).
Pattaya gets more than one million visitors a year. Most of these visitors are men, but the local government is trying to do more to appeal to women and families by relocating the girlie bars back away from the shoreline.
Dena is America's most popular female newscaster/journalist in the 1970s. The change of TV news into sensationalism causes her to question her career. The commentaries made about the change in news was worth reading and hit the nail on the head. I can hardly stand to watch the news anymore. I wish they'd just tell us the facts without all the over-hyping!
He mindlessly licked himself and found that his fur tasted quite delicious.
Uncomfortable images come to me while I am in this state. Usually times in my life that my anxiety got to an unmanageable level. Starting a new job and bursting into tears just outside the door. Shaking uncontrollably, losing the ability to breathe properly. It's a mess, and I've been a mess many, many times. I am working very hard at looking at these images as they come to me, and letting them go. These images that come up are representative of an uncomfortable moment in my life that I have yet to work through and let go.
Time to kick it up a notch again. I lost 1 lb this week but I'm starting to see the trend of "down 1, up 1" again! It was a busy week and I wasn't prepared for a lot of my meals which leads to bad decisions.... Hopefully I'll get a pic posted next week:)
I'm constantly sourcing pillows for all different sorts of styles and color schemes, and I wanted to share a few that have caught my eye recently...
Think back to Kelly, from Cast Away. Deep in her heart, she knew Chuck was alive. But she lost faith. She gave up that hope and settled for what she could get at the moment. Because of that, she missed out forever on the life she might have had with Chuck if she had only held on.
Many plantation owners had sexual relations with their female slaves, but not all. Hepinstall accurately portrays Dunleavy as a man who believed slaves were property, to be bought and sold and punished according to the master’s will and whim. Hepinstall shows the resentment building and building in Dunleavy’s slaves, who ultimately decide to rebel against him.
"Hey Kate do you have any coke in your desk? I'm kind of thirsty?"
Near and far and always and
I have been away the past two weeks in Hawaii on Molochai, at the leper colony where Saint Damien lived and ministered. I have been overwhelmed–so much beauty, and so much sadness, and death. I came home to find out of a death of an old acquaintance,and am planning a service for young girl who lived on the streets. The following quote fits where I am:
As you can see above, I chose three which never left their original plate hangers and got hung on my own wall in record time.
Tool, Punches, Stamps, Ink, all from Stampin Up!.
The underlying themes of Eliot’s Four Quartets are: time, the universe, the divine, and our human relationship to them.
As if I didn't have enough to read, I've decided to join two reading challenges next year.
We laugh a lot my family and I. We laugh at things we probably shouldn't, like at the man at the bus stop sporting a long hairy butt crack or the lady walking her nine yapping little dogs trailing a piece of toilet paper on her heal.
Well, our Valentine's Day contest ended yesterday! And look at me! Posting the day after :) I'm on the ball (for now, anyways!)
contest@gmail.com with the title (or author) of the book in the subject line. Send a separate email for each title you want to win. Make sure to include your name and mailing address in the US only. The books will be sent directly from each publisher. This contest is only going to run for a couple of weeks, so your odds of winning are really great - if you enter by November 10, 2011!
Until last year, my German-language reading had mainly been limited to classics, but I have recently been making an effort to try some more contemporary fare. Last November's German Literature Month was a good opportunity to read some modern books (and get a lot of recommendations too!), and I was fortunate enough to leave the month with an unexpected bonus...
so blent in blue that dreams
much less your great idea of success.
We can see that I am interested in providing Rose with a delicious cake. I'd rather have her here and be making a cake (if memory serves, she prefers a Chocolate Buttermilk Layer Cake with Peanut Butter Frosting). It wouldn't be as pretty, but I bet the company would make up for it. I've sent gifts (thank you Amazon!) and I can buy her cake, but I can't give her a hug.
Blatter’s comments came after the second match of the tournament featuring top-ranking team Spain against New Zealand, which was played at the sparsely filled stadium in Rustenburg on Sunday. Only 21000 fans turned up at the 42000-seat stadium.
traditional that classes generally remained with the same teacher until the boys had completed Sixth Class and moved on to Secondary School. My younger brother was lucky enough to be put in the Third Class of a brother who was a born teacher and became something of a beloved legend in the town. In his late eighties, half blind and deaf, he amazingly turned up at my brother’s funeral three months ago, over thirty-eight years after their ways had parted.
Telramund: Johan Edholm
So East Coast Wahine's question for today is:
Jeff Witt – didgeridoo;
Following literally complaints BBC Scotland has apologised this evening after inadvertently broadcasting some news in the middle of one of its regular Rangers bulletins late last week.
But sometimes they really do believe that a bad idea is a good idea. That's even more frustrating.
Declan O'Rourke singing.
Hence, a sun room necessity for the Northwest. Ours is full of outdoor furniture and odds and ends we move around and can't bear to throw away. My project this winter is to clear out and keep just the things that put me in a good mood:
She did not obey. She continued to subsist on spoonfuls of herbs and the Eucharist, and if forced to eat, she would induce vomiting.
My point is, when the metaphor that defines “now” goes away, and your consciousness re-sets it, when you wake up are you any longer you? Seriously, it’s sh*t like this that troubles me at times. Yes, I know the argument “Well, obviously you’ve gone to sleep and woken thousands and thousands of times and it made no difference”. Well, is that true? Would you know? Probably not, given the sense of humor in this perverse universe God set in motion.
The Riverside County drug task force team moved in on a house Monday night and seized nearly 2,300 pot plants. The agents also found the reptile, described as a "watch-gator."
Perhaps, he remembered, how it felt to have a father and how he found a friend during the time of war.
The campaign strengthens, and is strengthened by, the non-government organisations that have been laying the groundwork for years. It also energises people on both sides of the border to work for the peace agenda. Other media does cover these efforts, but the Aman ki Asha campaign caught the public imagination as never before, giving both governments the confidence to move towards improving relations. And it has provided the business community with a much-needed platform.
The people hired for the night were a mix of overly-earnest middle-aged and old people who wanted to Do Something for Democracy, and jaded young people who were just in it for the money. When several lawyers rushed into the office, intent on doing Serious Business, a couple twenty-something mouth-breathers giggled, and one said to the other, like Beavis to Butt-Head, “Huh-huh, guys in suits!”
..must run.
Secretary: That takes time.
Next up this morning is a trip to the suburbs for a wedding shower. I tasked JW with wrapping the gift in my absence, since I was running on a tight schedule, and also because I am terrible at wrapping even the simplest of boxes.
NEW YORK — Meryl Streep is fresh off her Oscar win for playing Margaret Thatcher. But she had an entire theater at Lincoln Center wondering if an even better role for her would be a political icon closer to home: Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Heavy Seas Red Sky At Night
Vanity. Makes me need the bathroom and keeps me out.
Now maybe this other lady was doing the whole “zen” sports thing, where she just showed up, rowed her own race, and then went home, happy she gave it her all.
Missha Perfect Cover BB-cream in nro. 13
Those sly pusses at HSN. They waited until after 5 p.m. today to announce that they have parted ways with Lynne Ronon, the network’s executive vice president of merchandising.
Deora Frances Bodley, 20, San Diego, Calif.
“Can I be an astronaut?” I asked. Yes, it turned out, I could be an astronaut.
1 fortnight
11. The Dead Weather - So Far from Your Weapon
Last year Individual Poetry Slam Championships were held at NPS. They would be held at a separate event, the Individual World Poetry Slam starting in 2008.
(Not reported in the media) Zimmerman also violated his CCW training that night. Most CCW courses tell you to stay in your vehicle if you are in a car.... and they also teach you to avoid being the aggressor/or instigator.
The coming gig of the Wigs (see below) decided me to post this one. I had planned to post some Milk Monitors a while back before (as you may have noticed) loosing interest in this whole blogging thing. Anyway... the Milk Monitors shared the bill with both Punk and Garage/Rock bands in the mid/late 80's. And that's what they were all about... melodic Punk infused with Garage/Rock'n'Roll. Like Perfect Daze their first record was produced by Alan Scott (Hanoï Rocks) and released on Vinyl Solution in 1988. "Revenge" was released one year later on a different label... excellent stuff... the B-side being outstanding.
Here's where things got epic. Rich lives right down the street from a food cart pod. We walked over, and I realized I was at Potato Champion! I ordered the vegan poutine and a pineapple basil juice. Poutine is a salty, gravy filled, potato orgy of awesome! And the juice was really refreshing after a day of mostly potatoes and beer. Then, I turned around and realized I was sitting in front of Whiffie's Fried Pies! Rich and I noticed that they had a vegan mounds pie (choco-coconut), and we both dug super deep to make room for it. Words cannot express how amazing that pie was! It had a perfectly flaky crust with this thick, creamy coconut pudding inside. There was flaked coconut in the pudding and a nice chocolate sauce inside. I highly recommend it!
By the side of the spring, on the breast of Helvellyn,
Put the grated apple and carrot into a large bowl along with the brown sugar, eggs, buttermilk and raisins, if using and mix thoroughly.
More, perhaps, in later posts.
And they complain no more.
Here are a few examples from the Halcyon Garden. A few are almost tasteful. Others provide comic relief. You be the judge:
On March 12 the court denied Somyot’s EIGHTH petition for release on bail. The petition was actiually submitted by the Rights and Liberties Protection Department under Ministry of Justice, the same ministry overseeing all justice matters, including the courts.
The electrical shock delivered to the chest by a Taser can lead to cardiac arrest and sudden death, according to a new study, although it is unknown how frequently such deaths occur.
So, Precious started his new job today. This company has been spectacular, ya'll. They offered him $2000 more a year than he asked for. They flew him to Ohio for an interview. They flew both of us to Ohio to find housing (and paid for meals and lodging). And today they told Precious he needed new boots with steel toes (kinda expensive, right?). They gave him a coupon for $100. He found $140 pair on sale. Using the coupon, he paid $22!
The stone is the key to this being so tasty, you can see from the photos that the pizza has a proper stone oven crust and man it was very very tasty.
No, really, the beers were as big as my head.
The CNN correspondent has been known for occasionally stepping into controversy. In 2006, heaired partial footage of militants stalking and killing US troops, prompting then-Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld to declare that “CNN has now served as the publicist for an enemy propaganda film.”
I won’t abandon you GG, not on your first day that is… And to show you a little gratitude, why don’t you take the rest of the afternoon off, get yourself a babysitter – on me – and go out on a date with hubby. After a long day of work, tell your hubby that Le Clown insists he gives you a very long foot massage – at least two hours worth of foot rubbing. I’m not done with the surprises… Once your feet have reached the Seventh Heaven (Le Clown lives on the Ninth Heaven), you can just turn around, close the lights, and fall asleep. That’s right. The only thing your hubby can expect out of the foot massage is to prepare you breakfast tomorrow morning. These are Le Clown’s wishes. Don’t thank me, just oblige me.
Do we have a perfect storm? Industrials certainly don’t want much if any of the publicly owned SUNAs. Big crafties continue to trumpet the mystique of quaffing traditional brews flavored with German grown land race hops. And the more frugal small crafties have discovered they can do more with bittering hops.
For those of you who don't spend enough time on the internet already, here is another fun place to hang out (if you like to cook): The epicurious video website!
I'm still percolating thoughts about the new Family Market in Columbia, but there is no question that it's a spectacular addition if you want to cook vegetables, fish, Asian or Latin cuisines.
The Gorjussettes have a spot of inspiration for you;
On Friday, it obtained a court order banning public gatherings there, provoking outrage from the opposition and rights groups who say the restrictions violate free speech and assembly.
“When young Brian enters his teenage years he’ll fall in with bad company,” I said. “He’ll join a gang that goes around mugging rich people.”
(Click through for a larger version)
“Thanks. Bye.” Communication terminated. 4:39 p.m. Recording archived.
1 x 3 In 1 Set Pyjamas ~ (As Shown As The Picture) CV 58-2413 = RM35.90
Tammy provided the girls with some digis to use, so check out the inspiration below starting with our March Guest Designer Lisa...
Still, the rule about writing drivel for magazines is that the drivel must be written in a timely, monthly fashion. Oh, we may not have a really good idea for a funny tale this month, but the magazine is coming out, the advertisers are paying and geez, gotta write something. So it is with a blog, too ... except that its a little harder, because the drivel doesn't earn 55 cents a word. But then, it's easier too, since no one ever needs to be impressed. It's a blog. No one ever expects to be impressed.
Vladimir Jurowski (conductor)
My least favorite part of an artificial tree is separating and fluffing the branches! I have some beautiful ribbon that I use for this tree. Unfortunately, my swagging ability is seriously lacking. I actually watched a youtube video today to try and improve my technique. I used the poof and gather method.
* 1 cup sour cream (I used fat free)
Other than being a mom myself, she has been and continues to be the one that has most shaped me, It is Mom who has, in countless ways, even to this day, helped to determine who I am...my character, my abilities, my longings and how I love. Her influence is expansive, right down to the very details of my thoughts and my life....whether she knows it or not! My mom has loved much, has sacrificed more, and always shown us the value of hard work and determination.
8. If you could touch the objects, what would they feel like?
The PCs then searched the suite area, and Innominus said last rites over the corpse of Grand Vizier Krock. That is where the session ended.
There are three temptations you will face in the wilderness…each temptation strenghtens you for the next.
As I was going through my blog, I realized that I haven’t posted a salad lately, nor did I have as many salad recipes as I would like.
No. 4 Boston Celtics vs. No. 5 Atlanta Hawks
This is just a fantastic story.
I. OUR TONGUE REVEALS OUR MATURITY LEVEL
Thank you for everything.
1/2 a pack of gnocchi
Leave a link to your blog post and not just your blog! Using Mr Linky
Blowback is the most legitimate reason why certain radical Islamic factions hate America. Not America’s ‘freedom’.
1 confirmation
BONUS:
In fact you will never get any kind of job making a decent living.
Here is said video...I hid my hideous face on purpose...
Bubble print
Book Clubs: 5
An underclass has existed throughout history, which once endured appalling privation. Its spasmodic outbreaks of violence, especially in the early 19th century, frightened the ruling classes.
Jones’ internal conflict continues to saturate the second half of the album, at time appearing bipolar. When she finally does leave during the song “Out On The Road,” she concludes that the only way to escape destruction is to remove any trace of her relationship altogether. This includes the original source of her partner’s temptation. His mistress, “Miriam.”
Zoey and Nathan had surgery Monday. It was a simple umbilical hernia repair. Simple being the keyword. And for the most part it went like we thought it would. Well, except the 2 hour over appointment time wait. The sleepy juice not making either child sleepy and let's not forget the little red shovel. More on that later...
But companies don't care about this terminology debate, mostly encouraged by consultants desperate for an extra pseudo-intellectual edge in their battles against each other for slices of corporate budget.
Young kid, scruffy dressed with freckles and glasses on his nose – this is the most popular image of a video gamer. When people hear that someone is spending his free time in front of the tv or computer screen, they consider him a geek and addict with no friends in real life and no actual hobby. Point of view like this is nothing but mistaken and rude for gamers. Video games can be the same hobby as any other one because it is up to individual how he likes to spend his spare time. According to last research an average player in the United States is about 35 years old with family and a stable job so it is just the opposite of what majority of society think. In such circumstances an interesting question might arise ; why people play video games?
Everytime there’s another stupid reason why for you
But before we get into the new products, I need to put out a little notice. I know how everyone loves the Manic Monday Freebies! And I love to do them as well. But....I have noticed several orders coming through the store with more than one of the freebie in the cart. Now, I know it is a freebie, and it is really not a big deal, because I do put it up for free, but if you could please check your cart to make sure that you are only checking out with one freebie, I would greatly appreciate it. I use the invoice to track how many of the freebies go out, and if there are two or three going out in a cart, it throws my data off for that week. I track the freebies because it helps me to determine what kinds of stamps everyone likes so that I know what to put in the store for sale. As you know, I make no money off of the freebies, I do them because I love to do them. I don't want to have to go back to doing a coupon for freebies, just to keep my data in check. I would rather you all just be able to pop in the store and get what you want and check out without using a coupon for freebies. I'm going to see how next week goes and then decide whether to go back to the coupons or not. Help a girl out and double check your carts when you are getting your Manic Monday Freebie! It helps me to give you more of what you want! If you have any questions or concerns or issues about this, please email me and we will get it all sorted out! Please don't think that I am a gripin' or complainin', because I am really not, I just want to make sure my data is right for my store. I know you all will understand!
Next up - on the other side of the spectrum - we have the new #01 FIRST in the edition Lt. Ed. Hand Embellished canvases now available for many of my new paintings!
Overall, I'm very happy with the results. I was lucky enough not to have anything go terribly wrong. The only part that I would like to have done differently is the piping. It's amazing that I've practiced the piping around the cake plate 100 times, and never once did I have so many issues until today. It ended up coming out well, but it's a little frustrating to think that I could have done better.
Especially after I caught a glimpse of the tiny tiny string that pulls the big big elevator....
What about Hollywood.
Never surrender to those you fear.
Carrying her box.
$74.2 Million: Obama Campaign Cash Raised By Bundlers. (Federal Election Commission, FEC.gov, Accessed 4/9/12; "Obama For America And Obama Victory Fund 2012 Volunteer Fundraisers," BarackObama.com, Accessed 4/9/12)
Reyes is an injury liability as he has not made it through an entire season each of the past three seasons. He is not as good defensively as you would think and Reyes’ game, which is built entirely on speed, will go the minute his legs start to go. And according to recent history, ‘speedsters’ legs start to go early.
I should change that title to “Crappy Sunday” if I'm being honest. But that song was in my head when I woke up and chose that lovely pink dress from my closet, and who would have known how the day would go down hill. It started with having to drop my husband at the airport so he could leave on a business trip for a week. Then the pain in my back started hitting pretty hard. I have a recurring back problem and I think all the photo shoots I have been doing lately are just pushing it over the edge. Then I dropped my phone in the toilet. After that I had to staple together 320 fundraising forms, which took forever and I ended up being 50 short, which means more work for me. But complaints aside, I did enjoy a nice lunch with my parents and a trip to the playground for the kids and even slipped in a decent thrifting trip. I’m just going to try and stay positive this week and push through the pain. Send me good thoughts folks!
Also, I've been trying to write a Christmas list this week, but there is genuinely nothing that I want except tickets to The Strokes (not that they're even going on tour), Alex Turner/Harry Styles's hand in marriage and Alexa Chung's legs, wardobe and hair. Somehow I kind of doubt these things will turn up under my tree, so instead I'm just looking forward to eating a ton of chocolate.
It is not bad enough she is wasting all of my inheritance on high priced seeds but now she has added another deluxe feeder plus a hummingbird feeder to her arsenal.
The other lesson I want to stress here is: When something in your foot pops, STOP and do not proceed until you have seen a doctor that has experience diagnosing stress fractures. The general practitioner I saw at first was great, but he didn't know how to manipulate the foot to determine a stress fracture so I was walking around on a broken foot for 2 more weeks (yep, a total of a month walking around on a stress fracture, OUCH!)
Language learning is not about memorising grammar rules and whole dictionaries.
Here lately....God has been providing those little "moments" (if you know what I mean)....that I can share a little light on how it a nice girl should really behave. Sometimes I get a blank stare ......sometimes he shakes his head from side to side.....and sometimes he just laughs out loud! Uhmmmm....I don't know how to take that one. I don't know if he's laughing WITH me or AT me!
Kimmy: Well, Kathy Santoni told me that he likes you!
Birdie... well Birdie is just growing up too dang fast.
“There’s no maintenance, so things break down,” Harry explains, of the many devices that could be fully functional if it weren’t for the impossibility of replacing basic spare parts, or calling out a service engineer to a rural hospital on a regular – or even emergency – basis.
What has been described as one of the most horrifying holocausts in history - the infamous St. Bartholomew's Day Massacre - took place on August 24, 1572 when, beginning in Paris, French soldiers and members of the Roman Catholic clergy fell upon the unarmed Huguenots. It is said that blood ‘flowed like a river’ throughout the entire country, and an estimated 100,100 Protestant men, women and children were killed. Soon, we are told, the rivers of France were filled with so many corpses that, for many months, the fish were inedible. It is ghastly to picture that wolves fed upon the decaying bodies.
Mr. Obama says he wants to help all students—not just the lucky few who receive vouchers. But that’s an argument for offering more vouchers to those in need, not for reducing school choice. Policies ought to be weighed against available alternatives, not some unattainable ideal. The alternative to a voucher for families in D.C. ghettos and elsewhere is too often a substandard public school.
8. N’ SYNC will never hold a candle to the Jackson 5
1) Debbie Macomber's Cedar Cove (I need to read 3)
Blogging for me, is part of a journey, a journey that grants me experience and memory when I grow. I believed this aspect would be seen similarly with the other bloggers around the world. So, my blog’s header for this month is in dedication and honour to the blogging society. It’s not easy to blog actually. You had to have the passion and effort to make it. And so, I appreciate all the hard works by the bloggers out there. Enjoy blogging and one day, you would find yourself contented on what you have written or produced from your blog. That’s a very good feeling.
You know, the demented psychotic blind fools praising the ANC government for supposedly building houses (for illegal immigrants) and supplying electricity (which is never paid for by those “previously disadvantaged”), never care to tell the other side of the story. Like the liberal socialist left, the truth remains a scarce commodity.
On the other side of the coin, those of use who prefer a smoke-free environment should support those who give it to us. Here’s a list of places around Portland that I’ve put together from my interviews for Guest on Tap articles and from the Oregon Brew Crew listserve. Please, if you know of more, chime in!
The family from Carlton bought two pasta salads which were labelled as tuna salads from Morrisons in Netherfield last month.
Stylists-to-the-stars Cristina Ehrlich and Mark Zunino offer tips and tricks for transforming the season’s top trends into everyday wear. L.A. Designer Rachel Pally and actress, television personality and red carpet fashion expert Lisa Rinna, of the huge Botox lips, will be on hand to share their love of fashion and present their debut lines.
Harper is a criminal, and his government was the first to be found in contempt of Parliament – a first among the DOZENS of Commonwealth nations and their collective political history – for hiding what he wants to do with the tax money YOU have paid into running this country. He wants to take away your rights to see the proverbial bank statement; now that he isn’t castrated by holding a minority, he can do just that.
Kalindekafe said in a telephone
His grace and mercy are new every single morning...a fresh new day for new hope and new belief.
She makes me feel about as domesticated as a field mouse.
Tomorrow we will ride to Yreka, CA, via Eureka. 199 to 101, then 299 and 96 back to I-5. A 120 mile trip that will encompass about 350 miles.
29. Cockroaches can live 9 days without their heads before they starve to death.
highly impressive material and way ahead from it's time,
If you don't know Christine, she's the author of America Walks into a Bar: A Spirited History of Taverns and Saloons, Speakeasies and Grog Shops, as well as Mondo Cocktail: A Shaken and Stirred History. She also contributes drink columns for Report on Business and Eye Weekly magazine. She kindly let me toss a few questions her way regarding her upcoming seminar.
If you aren’t, don’t bother, cause I am not putting in any effort, anymore for any artists that will not put that same effort in to themselves and their dreams.
Served in a rose painted vintage teacup, that's how to spoil yourself this Valentine's Day.
Grandpa Reed Haddock Presented the Eagle Pin to Kyle. Grandpa has been involved in Scouts for as long as I can remember. Kyle presented the mentor pin to Grandpa for being a great example to Kyle of Hard Work and Dedication. I think Kyle started working alongside Grandpa ever since he was three years old. I remember looking out the window and grandpa would be leaning on his shovel, and Kyle would be doing whatever grandpa would be doing.
31Then Joshua and all Israel with him went on from Libnah to Lachish, and took up their position against it and made an attack on it,
Chocolate and caffeine–causes stomachache, rapid heartbeat and seizures
I love my field and I love Rudy as well, although most of what he says goes over my head (he’s a good 4 inches taller than me – which is unusual for a pig!!). Rudy & I spend most of our time on the front of cards and gifts, which I really love ‘cos people laugh at them and they make me smile (even though you can’t tell ‘cos my mouth is hidden under my chin……)
When asked why the arrest in such a high-profile murder case was kept so low key, Naidoo said: “We need to protect any investigation, and it would not be to our benefit to talk about some successes for fear of jeopardising investigations.
Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak and Taiwanese President Ma Ying-jeou also conveyed their condolences to the Lee family.
In my hometown of Oakland there is a neighborhood called Temescal. Temescal is one of those transitional neighborhoods that is being infiltrated by highly-educated, under-compensated twenty-somethings.
Soft Hackles too have been doing well, Black, Yellow and Orange Tailwater Soft Hackles are all strong as are Black and Red Butt Anna Ks.
When we got back to the venue it was almost lunchtime. I didn’t mention it to the others but I smelt lunch arrive before they knew it was here. I could taste Domino’s on the breeze. When people eventually went downstairs to fuel up I had to stay upstairs alone for a few minutes eating my value peanut butter sandwich and pondering the big questions in life, which today was “WHY AM I DOING THIS?”
I painted all kinds of shapes to give them a fresh new color. What I thought would take 2 coats of paint actually took 4 coats. I think if I would have sanded the chipboard first the paint would have went on a little thicker the first few times.
Address: Praça Terreiro of Jesus, Salvador de Bahia
After reviewing ail four policies care­fully, she realized that the situation wasn’t quite as clear-cut as his agent would have had him believe. Riders had been included in all policies that tied the pay­ment of lifetime benefits to the claimant’s age at disability. Two policies, however, provided lifetime benefits only if the dis­abilities commenced before age 60, and the remaining two only if the disabilities commenced before age 55.
Purple on white
I normally wouldn't post again about dragons so soon after just finishing a page. But this was a milestone that I'm just so excited about and wanted to share.
One of the first concepts you hear about when you're studying animation is "squash and stretch", which is the idea that living forms (and certain types of inanimate objects) have a certain amount of flexibility and that they change shape as they move around under their own power, react to external forces or change expression.
It seems to me, people are very keen on local beers if the quality is right, they sell. Publicans, please note that provided you can buy them directly, they are often much cheaper too, despite discounting from bigger outfits and they do make a point of difference.
13. The Happening - Diana Ross & The Supremes / 2:55
I knew that when I started Lipman on Monday, it was going to kick off a new phase in which I’d be buried in work. But I had no idea. This week was total culture shock.
There is a saying, “Masada will not fall again.” This is something which I hold on to.
I suppose the new title needs a brief word of explanation. A little over two years ago, I arranged with my employers (who shall remain nameless - not to mention clueless...) to reduce my work commitments from 35 to 30 hours per week. It was agreed that, based on a seven hour working day and using a little jiggery-pokery concerning my taking shorter lunch breaks and alternating those half hours on a bi-weekly basis with my adhering to a ludicrously complex rolling 6 week flexi-time rota in order to make up the remaining 2 hours per week, I would be able to spread those 30 hours over 4 days instead of 5 and thus spare myself the hazardous journey into work for *one* day a week (...well, you try getting a 250 pound blue-fin tuna to Billingsgate market at peak hour, going against the traffic, in high heels - and on roller skates...) Put simply, I now only work 4 days a week and have every Wednesday off.
Then drowns in the heat of ones depths...
there who manage to work on independent newspapers or websites are subjected to
JSB—It’s obviously like a survival tactic.
relations
I bought Chickens for the Back Yard, which for the Chickens was brilliant, they where treated like Queens, for my landscaping and flower garden it was a disaster! they had a great escape mentality but the neighbors warmed to them, especially when I would share the eggs each weekend. Eventually I moved back to North Wales again and this is the time I met my Beautiful wife Alison. The chickens went to a good home which I inspected before letting them go.
“No one wants you Tony!!!!!” she writes. “You are so full of yourself.”
Words weigh much.
While standing in line at the grocery store a few days ago I came across a glass display of Marlboro Lights. Instead of having warm, fuzzy feeling about my favorite cigs, I thought, What a waste.
Love Elsie – Noel – Soft Charms
We get information from Bhagavad-gītā that on every spiritual planet in the spiritual sky there is an expansion of Kṛṣṇa. They are all puruṣa, or persons; they are not impersonal. In Bhagavad-gītā Kṛṣṇa says, puruṣaḥ sa paraḥ pārtha bhaktyā labhyas tv ananyayā: One can approach the Supreme Person only by devotional service—not by challenge, not by philosophical speculation, and not by exercising in this yoga or that yoga. No. It is clearly stated that one can approach Kṛṣṇa only by surrender and devotional service. It is not stated that one can reach Him by philosophical speculation or mental concoction or some physical exercise. One can reach Kṛṣṇa only by practicing devotion, without deviating to fruitive activities, philosophical speculation, or physical exercise. Only by unalloyed devotional service, without any admixture, can we reach the spiritual world.
Chocolate Banana Cake
1. Slice the roll in three parts horizontally. Toast the bread lightly. To freshen store-bought rolls, I sprinkle them liberally with water, then place them in a hot toaster oven for 5-10 minutes. They are as good as new!
It was simply one of those weird looking objects that featured in the fruit and vegetable isle in the grocery stores and which we passed by without a second thought. We never considered buying one; I mean what would we do with the thing?
The truly Christian intelligence is focused on, centered in, and especially governed by “seeing Jesus,” even or especially in the midst of a human situation that by and large escapes human control. And what labor of spiritual insight and intellectual effort is required to form such a vision? Conversely, an intellectual vision unformed by the specific gospel narrative of Jesus (which is our means of “seeing Jesus”) is simply inadequate to the task of Christian hope, for the content of that hope is itself the “grace” of receiving the “apokalypsis of Jesus Christ” (1 Peter 1:13).
“That depends on what a few night’s entertainment is worth to you.”
Close your lashes and go to sleep,
‘It’s a tribal thing, of course. They migrate down to where the money is, the coastal resorts, and take what they can. It’s understandable really, because there’s such dreadful poverty. I suppose they’re only trying to feed their families, and who wouldn’t? But it’s dreadful, all the same.
So that was last week. Here is the week in pictures.
I just didn't want to share it with people I knew. Yeah, that's right, I was afraid to tell anyone. I told Craig when he came home from work and he was very supportive. But I didn't want anyone else to know. I'm not sure if keeping a blog a secret will make it successful...
So, hopefully by this point you have inspected your home for potential hazards and fixed them. You've also created a plan for your family, made a kit, and planned for safety in various earthquake scenarios.
May overcomes fire,
We hope that everyone will settle in comfortably to their plots and enjoy the season as much as possible. This year we will have a group of stewards to try to lead the management of the garden. But as always, the entire garden community will continue to carry out the day to day operations and care of our beautiful garden.
I’ve been conditioned OVER and OVER to be SOMEBODY. Somebody important, to leave a mark in the world. Someone famous, known for some big discovery, an eventual saint or planet-savior. Anyway, making my name a legend.
The target keeps on moving.
As long as I have the idea in my head “I have a relationship” or “I am in a relationship,” no matter with whom, I suffer. This I have learnt.With the concept of “relationship” come expectations, memories of past relationships, and further personally and culturally conditioned mental concepts of what a “relationship” should be like. Then I would try to make reality conform to these concepts. And it never does. And again I suffer. The fact of the matter is: there are no relationships. There is only the present moment, and in the moment there is only relating.How we relate, or rather how well we love, depends on how empty we are of ideas, concepts,expectations.
I would recommend Rochefort in the evening, like a Scotch or port. It's not so heavy or sweet that it couldn't be enjoyed after a modest meal, but perhaps too much if you're stuffed. With its warmth and comforting notes, it's a great winter ale, and you would certainly not regret having it in place of a Wassail this December.
500 S. 84th St
Smartphones like Apple’s iPhone and Google’s Android bring cell phone GPS tracking and applications directly to people’s pockets but with the right software, one can also monitor the activities of their friends and other persons.
2 boneless skinless chicken breasts, cooked and cut
On another note... happy May, considering the last time I blogged was in April (sorry for the lack of posts!) April went by like a breeze, that it can be pretty much declared non-existent. It was filled with projects, finals, and papers. At this point, I can gladly say I only have one more final left!
Edward
The band was writing a lot of original material and their manager John Ertl saw their talent and potential. So he started Streetwise Records with Nick Kuzulka, owner of Madison Street Studios in Waupun, which was 60 miles north of Milwaukee. Right before the newly formed label proposed making a Wigs album, Bob Pachner left the group. So Marty and Jim had to split the bass chores on the recordings. They spent days at a time in the studio, recording well into the night and sleeping on the office floor. The basic tracks themselves were all well-rehearsed and laid down very quickly, but it was the additions, such as backing vocals, piano, and horns that took a long time to complete.
"You had great support from 65,000 South Africans here today, the interviewer said, referring to the capacity of the packed stadium.
Perhaps because they seem to signify the emptiness and futility of lives lost, of love wasted and of senseless hatred.
I wrote often about a man named Buck O'Neil, the grandson of a slave, who grew up loving baseball more than anyone I ever knew. He was probably good enough to have a long career in the Major Leagues … but he played in a time before the Major Leagues were integrated. He was a brilliant manager with all of the charisma and leadership skills that entails … but he thrived in a time when black men were not considered for such jobs in the Majors. He lived a remarkable baseball life -- he won a Negro Leagues batting title, managed Satchel Paige, scouted Ernie Banks and Lou Brock, traveled the country promoting the game -- but when his name was on the Hall of Fame ballot, he was passed over.
As I’m about to go on a date tomorrow, I’d like to visit something that happens every single time I date a girl. (and when I say “Every single time,” I mean “Every single fucking time”). Luckily, this thing hasn’t happened with this woman yet, but it’s only a matter of time.
Case in point, my father called me at 9:45 last night to tell me he was hosting Thanksgiving. Nine-freaken-forty-five. One day before the holiday. Our family plays the holidays like a hand of poker.
matriculate: to enroll in a college or university as a candidate for a degree.
L = n2 r2 / 9r + 10 x
The day will come when I need help the way my loved ones do now. I hope it’s later, rather than sooner. When it does, I hope it doesn’t involve extra-large condoms and training bras.
Vermandel
His answer was that he was feeling depressed. For the first two weeks of January, he only got one day shift. Business is very slow in the restaurant biz this time of year. His X-Box is at the pawn shop, because we wouldn't buy help him to put gas into his V-8 engine Jeep. I've heard addicts say that is' very dangerous to feel boredom. B was broke, had no X-Box and spent day after day at home, watching television. That's when he ran into Miss J. That was his connection, several years ago. He says that Miss J offered him oxy in exchange for hauling her around to do deliveries. (Yes, it has occurred to the danger in just that-- what if they'd been pulled over. That's a felony to possess oxy.)
I was blown away at the difference in experience that we had with our elected officials . . . and that little tangential experience in my life multiplied the schadenfreude when the Duke went down in flames. Currently serving more than 8 years in the Federal pen . . . maybe he can turn one of thos eindustrial prison laundries into a new hot tub.
4 Miss Saturday Night 4:06
The only silver lining I can see is that higher priced stronger craft beer may induce the higher price = higher quality perception in more people.
Towards the end of July, the farmers set to work in their fields.
As if I'm becoming untouchable
The party was outside at a fabulous local park and the perfect setting for our fun filled afternoon. I used the Easter party package from Dimpleprints to create this bright and fun party. I had a short turn around time and put the party together in 2 weeks, but I love how it turned out and the kids had lots of fun! Here are some of the pictures from the party.
Stay warm out there!
Me: No matter what job I'll have, I'll be a poet. 15 years ago I was a caddy and a poet, 10 years I had no job and was a poet, five years ago I was a pizza boy and a poet, right now, as I stand here in this garden holding a shovel, still poet, ten years from now, still poet, on my death bed, poet.
'You'd need a population 75 per cent blonde to get it visibly remaining. You'd probably have to go to Iceland for that result.'
Chers collègues,
“Every calling is great when greatly pursued.” (Oliver Wendell Holmes)
Combine bell pepper, corn, remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 cup Mexican cheese, red onion, cilantro, eggs, and ricotta.
How lucky for us all.
Knit 2, purl 1 for about 1 inch
Maggie got in the car today telling me of a little boy in her class that she is going to tell about God tomorrow on the playground. She is always telling us how she is going to be a missionary when she grows up and go serve somewhere over seas. She plans to be a large animal vet so she is sure God will send her to Africa, after all someone’s got to take care of those elephants.
We went down to Holden Beach this past weekend to visit Caleb's family and introduce them to Lucy!
Part of it might be simple math. Minorities, by definition, represent less than the majority of a population.
Abuhamda, who was unaware of the U.S. criminal charges until his family was contacted for comment, insisted he had the right to take the children. He also said he has offered to pay for his ex-wife to come to Gaza to visit them.
Wergeland E, Strand K, Børdahl PE. Strenuous working conditions and birthweight, Norway 1989. Acta Obst Gynecol Scand 1998; 77: 263-271.
I am seeing a personal trainer twice a week. She used to be the coach/selector for the England Under 16 hockey team. She is tough but fair and she lives across the road so is great motivation.
Pamela Kimball’s birthday present, a 1Night Stand adventure, promises to jump-start her life, put a new man in her bed, and help her forget her past. Unfortunately, movie-buff Pam’s Pirates of the Caribbean fantasy takes an alarming wrong turn when she’s abandoned on a not quite deserted island—with ex-husband Roger Ware.
Here's my shameless pitch. Bloggy best-y friends, would you hop over to the Circle of Moms site and vote for my lil ol' blog for Top 25 So. Ca blogs? Because, I have a blog...and I'm in So. Ca...and I'm a mom, and I'd love to be included with the best... it would almost be as good as chocolate. Okay, I lied, it would actually be better!
-EISNERAMPER LLP-
The inspiration for this recipe comes from this stuffed eggplant recipe on Mahanandi. The original recipe is exquisite. Over time, I've used it as inspiration for a vegetable curry with many variations. From Indira's recipe, I gleaned two things: (a) the peanut sesame spice powder that becomes the base for a creamy curry and (b) the technique of releasing steam after turning off the pressure cooker to keep the vegetables from completely falling apart. Using this method, they get cooked to tender perfection in a matter of minutes without becoming a mushy mess. Of course, the recipe would also work on the stove top if you feel unsure of releasing steam from a pressure cooker in a safe way.
The very next day I was excited to find a hoodless option at Modestly Active. Without even receiving the $90+ back for the former suit (which is still pending, insha'Allah soon!) I ordered the suit shown right for about $110 USD. It shipped from the UK super fast arriving today.
See below for a synopsis from the movie’s production notes:
Before marking any candidates box in the polling booth, please consider the facts that should first be discovered and seek clarity of proof from any various candidates making such comment. Get the proof that any candidate is working for you and get the FACTS. At the moment the BHAFC plans have not changed on the public planning portal. The road IS still coming through Mash Barn Lane to serve the academy and the mystery proposed development to the north. There ARE contractors in the lane and they ARE talking about just taking any persons land in or adjacent the lane.
Design a movie poster, which is based off the series.
But these shoes were so brand-y new and shiny and gorgeous that I did kind of want to steal them.
Tip #4 Check for Ports
The third thing to remember is to not be judgmental. Putting people down in order to make yourself look better to your friends is no way to live.
Where do we pick up our parents of the year reward ?
There is an Islamic devil – in Arabic, the Devil is called Iblis or Satan (Shaytan). Like in the Christian tradition, Iblis is understood as a former angel who was cast out of heaven. In Islamic tradition, Iblis, who was made out of fire, refused to bow down before God’s new creation, Man, because Man was made from dirt/mud. For this, Iblis was cast out.
Rob: "Yeah... that's not the reason."
Nothing makes me more aroused than signing in to WordPress and seeing I have a bunch of new followers! Except guys with beards and Jake Gyllenhaal. (Also, how awkwardly icky is the word “aroused”? Don’t unfollow me just ’cause I used it.)
Well, a new meeting has finally been scheduled, for 6 PM Oct. 25 at Long Island College Hospital, 339 Hicks Street (at Atlantic Ave.). The intervening months have given both side more time to prepare their cases. The developer, which is working with the City, is L&M Equities. Their aim is to create a total of 152 new housing units across three sites: 75 Columbia Street; 86-98 Congress Street and 79 Warren Street; and 104-116 Warren Street and 101-115 Baltic Street. (Why two addresses are considered a "site," I don't know.) One of the buildings that would be torn down is the old Hamberger Christmas ornament factory on Warren (above), which would break the heart of every romantic east and west of the BQE.
13. Pennyroyal Tea
asafoetida powder - 1/2 tspn.
Rondo argued his momentum from tripping over Davis’ foot carried him into the referee’s back, causing the bump. But when reviewing the video, you can see Rondo did in fact trip, but he vividly stuck his chest beyond his explanation of losing momentum.
My agent had been shopping my manuscripts around New York the past few years, but having no luck in the ever-shrinking market. I optimistically kept writing away, and developed a backlog of unpublished material.
Song of the Day: Kid Cudi ft. MGMT -Pursuit of Happiness
Our guide began the tour by showing us a diagram of a dredge and explaining its basic operation—a dredge is a huge floating shoveling device that digs out the ground in front of it, sifts and sorts the sand and gravel to sluice out the gold as the material travels through the dredge on big conveyer belts. The left-over material was dumped out the back end and left strewn in huge snake-like wavy piles of rubble, called “tailings.”
Plimpton
But the one thing that's still causing me a bit of a moral struggle is something I do on a daily basis: Eat Meat.
I cannot emphasize enough the importance of starting to take your work to the next level, and a great deal of that involves adding a second or third dimension. This is not going to require all that much work, but in some cases, a second location and a ‘B’ character can make a huge difference in elevating the quality of the work and its degree of sophistication.
That struts and frets his hour upon the stage
There is definitely travel fever in the air! We have finally booked our flights to Finland where we will have our wedding in June and to France for our honeymoon thereafter! These Provencal tarts are a perfect cure for the time being and the summery ingredients of tomatoes and basil keep me going until I get to taste the real flavours of France.
The ottoman was a freebie, but it was "pleather" and my cats had shredded
USPTO FUNDING ISSUES CONTINUE: At the end of 2010, a temporary funding bill was approved keeping the government running through March 4 2011 at 2010 funding levels. The problem is that the temporary bill does not take into account the PTO's 15% hike on fees and the agency's ability to have full access to its fees. The PTO asked for $2.322 billion for 2011 (up from $2.016B in 2010), but will have to wait until April to receive further funding. The IPO has estimated that this glitch will likely end up costing the USPTO $200M. For more, see here (link).
In case something goes wrong and you cannot startup your computer successfully without a blue screen error message or some other failure follow these next set of instructions. Upon startup tap F8 continuously even when you do not see anything on the screen to open your ‘Advanced Startup’ menu. From this menu you will see the option for safe made, debugging mode, normal mode, and last known good configuration. Select the ‘last known good configuration’ from this menu to start windows in the last configuration that worked. This will fix a problem or error that has just occurred.
As Lent began yesterday so I began my journey to change, turn, knock it off, smarten up. Oops I relent, forgive yourself it's done, be compassionate you are human, don't be so hard on yourself or too severe. Two words that work so well together to remind me that balance is good when making the necessary effort to change. Two words that tie so wonderfully into the reason this Western Christian observes Lent.
Peter Mokaba openly encouraged the murder of innocent South Africans and he influenced the South African Government to deny the existence of HIV/Aids.
Dotterel Press aims to put that right. At the same time we want to help out people less fortunate than those of us who read and write (and publish) books. So once our costs are covered, royalties are donated to a variety of worthy causes.”
"My brothers and sisters loved me like they always had, and despite all the upheavals in my physical and emotional life, they reminded me of the one thing that had always mattered most in my life: what it means to belong to a family."
"Shadow!" I yelled while pushing her away. "Get down!"
Regarding the "Top Ten" Rocket Dockets, the breakdown is as follows, along with the median time-to-trial (in years):
It was a little more than the Burnette, but this machine just felt right to me. So, meet my new machine!
“We looked at search and rescue, oil spill response, maritime domain and maritime safety and security issues,” said Walter Berbrick, assistant research professor in the War Gaming Department at the Center for Naval Warfare Studies. “They were all fictional scenarios.”
1 lifetime
Deiner Liebe Leschek
But, frankly, it's all been said.
French Beans, 5 pcs, cut into 1 inch length
Kevin Macdonald, the director, comes from a background of doing documentaries. That experience paid off hugely in The Eagle, as it feels very, very real. It's just as nitty-gritty as the book. All the scenes beyond Hadrian's Wall are breathtakingly beautiful... sometimes in a rainy, wet, grey way. But it still was so beautiful I wanted to cry. Plus, the music was amazing. In some parts, it was deep-seated cultural British music, sometimes even accompanied by Gaelic singing; in other places it made your heart swell with the epicness as Marcus and Esca gallop around heroically on horses, and still other places got your heart thumping as it upped the tenseness of a battle.
This is a good way to visualize this common sense approach. But in this new and rapidly evolving marketplace, where do you get the data? Perhaps the scarcity of data prompted these pieces of advice also:
vintage military jacket from the Rosebowl
Welcome to day 29, today we are going to look at balance.
PlayHome: E asked for this one when she saw it as we perused the App store. It was free, and sometime, you know, you just need to watch the baby jump on the bed;
Second, by viewing the placement of the clothes, one could deduct the discipline exercised on the washday chore. A prop stick in the middle of the line revealed the woman was short in stature and needed a boost to raise the line after hanging clothes. Doubled-up hangings might mean a shortage of clothespins. A small, lower line to the side meant the small children were meant to hang up socks.
Which penetrates ones will
-Hear hear...replied Horatio..sitting next to Gustave...it is like Gustave just croaked...this can NOT do dearest D...this cannot do....please, promise us that you will be here more often....we need you...!!!
Because companies can no longer solely control their brand image or marketing efforts through the traditional “push” channels of broadcast media, direct mail, advertising, or public relations (to name a few), in order to be successful the focus is going to have to shift to managing and servicing customer wants and needs, employee and stakeholder satisfaction, and inbound marketing methods.
We have ‘character development’ from Ayase as she asks Shu for a hand getting her into her endlave pod, the implication now being that she wants to ride his dick. I have no idea why, really.
oui, oui, c'est terrible. :( mais,
It’s as simple as that, really. To spread heal at the same level as a priest or druid, a shaman must be able to dump their whole mana pool with Riptide/HW and Riptide/GHW twists…and then get it back at the same time by weaving lightning bolts in between casts.
The one and only Kass from "The K is no longer silent" was supposed to join us but must have had RL issues... If you see her, please send her our love. : j
It does do well as a container plant also.
This challenge came at the perfect time. I'm actually away this weekend on my town's annual organic farm tour. The 34 farms that supply my co-op, New Leaf in Tallahassee, FL, are open to allow customers to tour their farms and understand the source of the delicious variety offered in town. It brings in people from all over North Florida and South Georgia with tours all day on Saturday and Sunday, since these farms not only provide product to New Leaf, but to local farmer's market, CSAs, and even Whole Foods.
The book list. Let me know your favorites!
As a little girl I didn't grow up dreaming of my wedding day or becoming a mommy. I'm grateful for that in times like this. I could see how this would be devastating to someone who grew up with that plan. It very well could be a deal breaker for some. Some might choose to end a marriage based on this, but that's not my perspective. That's not my reaction to what has happened. I married Farmie for exactly who he is and how he treats me, not for his ability to give me a child. If I go through life never giving birth to a child I'm okay with that. It doesn't stop me from mothering others or enjoying my pretty damn good life with just my husband.
Sun baking wrinkled skin through frayed pant holes,
Also, GDI Premium gives you an advantage over all other non-Premium affiliates because as a Premium affiliate you receive 3 gift cards per month that you can gift to your prospects which will entitle them to 1 free month to try GDI’s services and income opportunity. How much more attractive do you think your offer sounds when you share an amazing income opportunity and pair it with a 1 month free trial as opposed to the 1 week free trial that all other basic affiliates are out there offering? A week is enough time for anyone to start turning a profit with their GDI business but a month is enough to create a sizeable income before ever even having to pay a cent to GDI. No wonder people are upgrading to GDI Premium every single day.
Happy Friday, everybody!
Well, that's maybe an overstatement, I bought two. I bought one on making wire-wrapped briolette flowers, because I was so inspired by Melissa Meman's gorgeous flower earrings but couldn't figure out how to do it (I don't have the engineering gene), and one on how to make little calla lily-shaped beadcaps out of thin metal sheet. (And then of course I had to buy the metal sheet). And somewhere in there I also acquired a tut on making kidney earwires from Natalie Girard, a Canadian jewelry artist on AtrFire. I've wanted to do those too but didn't have the patience to figure it out on my own. Sometimes I just like to be spoon-fed. Especially about measuring things.
While Alex may be blind, he can still see things other people can’t and that creates the beginning of a thread that twines through every chapter of the book. It’s a wonderfully bound together book, with some spectacular writing that really lets the reader get to know the characters through Alex’s ‘eyes’.
With their third pick, their second in the second round, the Eagles took Curry, a defensive end out of Marshall University. This was a best-player-available pick but Curry should provide some valuable depth. Measuring up at 6’3″, 266 lbs, Curry is a tad undersized but he was a very productive college player, recording 23 sacks in the last two seasons.
For our July event we are planning a Women In Film night and we would now like to encourage entries from women filmmakers or where the central character characters in the film are played by women. Contact us for more details get your films sent in asap.
“I am playing with one of those kaliascopes, they take me back to my childhood196?..something”.
I am very pleased with the Sigma products. Of course, you take a risk with non-Canon products because there is no backward compatibility guarantee when you change your EOS camera. Thumbs up also for my new tripod Velbon CX 560 3D.One day when I will in lottery, I will go and buy that EOS 5D plus some 10 k€ worth of best Canon lenses. Until then, I will enjoy of what I got !
Longtime friend of Kodie Umphenour, Gerald Drozdowski Jr. smiled as the groom scooped up his new bride for family photos.
But the faucet wasn't the only thing that we decided to upgrade. Apparently we were motivated, so we decided to tackle the lighting above the sink as well.
If you are dealing with a traumatic experience, you do not have to show your work to anyone. It is yours alone. But, you may feel compelled to share. That is alright. But even if the purpose is to express your emotions over the loss of mobility due to arthritis or something similar, just create!
Belgium is far more relaxed. Our teenagers drank fruit beers with strengths of 3 to 4% in four different bars in three different town/cities during the week and not one barperson so much as raised an eyebrow never mind enquired of their age. Note that it was one beer per day maximum. I am aware of Belgian commentators pronouncing that weak beer is better for school children than fizzy soft drinks such as Coca Cola.
Martine Ellison-Smith
Lightly flour counter top. Turn out the dough and cut into 8 pieces. Roll each dough piece out to desired shape. (Keep the surfaces of the dough and counter top well-floured, as the dough will have a tendency to become sticky.) Place each on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper and dusted with flour and return to the refrigerator until ready to grill.
Australia will treat these people lightly at its peril - or rather, the Australian government will treat them lightly by making it easier and easier for them to immigrate, backed by the media which will never knowingly put two and two together and come up with four - and ordinary Australians will pay the price.
Do you want to earn extra money from home?
Something I've been wanting to try out every Friday is share a photo!
I am so mad at him for being such a horrible father.
INNs are particularly relevant in the field of pharmaceutical trademarks. In most instances INNs refer to the generic name of a pharmaceutical drug. However INNs can also refer to the common ‘functional group’ or ‘active ingredient’ of a particular class of pharmaceutical drugs. The website of the WHO describes the relevance of INNs as follows:
I have a Kindle. I love it. A voracious reader, it certainly won’t stop me buying books. But on consideration, which is more environmentally-friendly? The book-making process (paper, processing, ink etc) or the plastics and metal within the reading device? The lights needed to read by, the power required to recharge… and ultimately, the words of the author. I am glad the stories continue to be told, by whatever medium. I will listen.
I maintained running, obviously, somehow finding new mental toughness after completing the second of the back to back half marathons in January, resulting in setting some faster times and overall improvement with my endurance. (Can we say FIVE PRs in a row??) I also ventured into the scary, deep, dark world of .... vegetables. Did you know they aren't all gross? Once I finally decided to not be scared and just try them they weren't horrible. And so I tried them again. And again. And now I always have some in my house. I don't eat them as often as I should, but I'm continually getting better at it. Overall I've just made better choices.... but I still have my McDonald's grilled cheese once in a while. Terrible, I know.
The oceans and Heavens -
While the smaller flowers are still slightly damp from your misting, start stacking them onto your brad staggering each flower as you go.
One of the most significant elements in body theology is the actual, physical life, death, and resurrection of Jesus. That’s why Christmas, Holy Week, and Easter Sunday are so pivotal. We Christians are who we are because of who Christ is and what Christ did for us. Sometimes looking at the big picture of the course of biblical history can help us understand what brings us to this moment of Christ’s preparation for death.
One of Max Mosley’s lasting legacies in F1 was the introduction of his vision of a green initiative in F1. As a result KERS (Kinetic Energy Recovery System) was introduced 2009, as part of a greater package of rule changes to change the face of F1.
The raw spirit is further distilled in order to achieve the correct purity. The method used is called continuous distillation; this implies that the spirit is distilled more than a hundred times in order to achieve the highest possible quality. This revolutionary method was introduced in Sweden by “the King of Vodka” Lars Olsson Smith in 1879. The last remnants of the fusel oil and other impurities disappear at this point, and after distillation the spirit is 96%, now called fine spirit. The entire process takes a little longer than three days.
"You will leave me?" Poor Daron. To leave her in this village of death was punishment.The stilted language ("of which she spoke") is supposed to make this feel like olden times, but mostly it just annoys me. And in modern times or old, nobody should have to puzzle out why a woman who just watched her husband, family and friends all killed might be a bit distracted. It's similarly unnecessary to spell out that leaving her in the destroyed village would be a punishment.
& other necessary life lines.
As the scene shifts to Jerusalem, Absalom has entered the city and taken reign. At the advice of Ahithophel, Absalom pitches a tent on the roof and had sex with all of David’s concubines, in full sight of all Israel. Nathan’s prophecy in chapter 12 has been fulfilled!
2 oz candied peel
Take a hobby blade and cut some vertical slits through the middle of the basket. Thread some narrow ribbon through and then tie, it will look like it is woven through the reeds.
In a mix of demons and angels together with God and Satan, the characters turn to tarot card reading and wicker to find solutions. Being a Paranormal Romance, this isn't the regular genre I choose to read, but it is a compelling story and literally couldn't put it down.
would descend over us,
3 offices
Following the presentations, Gwen addressed the group and told us there
Anyway, as I was cutting the potatoes I was focused and soon began to get lost in the process. I could hear Summer in the back round chattering about something that I knew was directed at me but couldn't hear over the other noises that were going on around me. At this same moment the dog was scratching at the door to get back inside. I knew that his feet were full of mud and I would have to stop my meal preparation to go outside and wash his feet off before I could allow him inside.
Totally awesome.
And there you have it. Not hard when the internet is here to guide you! If anyone is still reading, I wish you many chevrons and babies and plenty of time to enjoy them all.
From the documentation, Google parses your blog content and if it is pertinent, it will display a Gadget section on the right side tool bar beneath the Post Sections area. While my earning section indicate that this blog is Eligible for Affiliate Ads, none of my older posts on this Blog have this option available.
All aspects of the project will utilize historic artifacts and documents held by the Brooklyn Historical Society.
Close-up of the button closure gate fold tied with twine...
Likewise, don’t show him getting back into his car and driving home. Just stop the dialogue when his partner points him toward the victim to be questioned. Then show the detective turning to see his wife. That is leaving early (the action will continue without us), so the reader gets a “whoa, what happens next” moment.
Swatched below L-R: Estee Lauder Double wear Light 01, Chanel Beige Clair, Rouge Bunny Rouge Luminous Skin Wand Orionis,YSL Touche Eclat shade 2,
Stir in the finely chopped mushroom stems and rosemary and cook until the mushrooms are brown and soft, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from heat and cool.
You will stand, you'll be silent, and you'll watch the cascade.
I’ve always been writing the highlights of my years in the form of reflective journals. and it’s good. but this posting makes it even more interesting! get ready to start writing yours, after reading mine.
1-1/2 cups spaghetti sauce
Not promoting soda--what Darden is referring to as "carbonated beverages"--is key, Nestle said.
I see your pause menu? What is this? Assembled keyblades for your toy set? (What!?!)
"I do believe he should be tried for treason," she said to applause from the audience.
I gather those of you in the parts of the country where there's this thing called "winter" have been having a mild one, so it has been good weather for being outdoors. Ours has been warm, like 80 most days, but is getting colder tonight. Current forecast is for 33 and 29 tomorrow night.
Still, here are a few of the things that are quite delightful to me and that you will see mentioned on this blog over and over again.
After a two year rest the event is back with a bang and a great line-up featuring: Roger Daltrey (The Who), Zak Starkey (The Who), Don Airey (Deep Purple), Adrian Smith (Iron Maiden) plus members of Marillion, The Earth Band and a host of world class musicians and bands playing for charity.
From the doctor:
So, a resection. Cutting a bit away. I haven't had one of those for 15 years!!! It is Not Good News.
The judiciary colludes with social services and infinitely ingenious lawyers to assert the primacy of the rights of the criminal and aggressor over those of law-abiding citizens, especially if a young offender is involved.
I felt like as if I mentally…and emotionally flatlined for a few days… like SERIOUSLY shut down…
In 1845, the public was fed up with the archaic system of Watchmen and Roundsmen acting as an incompetent and un-industrious quasi-police force. Spurred on by the fury of the press, New York City’s reformers disbanded the Watchmen and Roundsmen system, and replaced it with a functional police department, which was then copied by many cities throughout the United States of America.
I was going to list a series of quotes and reviews, but I want to keep it short so I am summarizing it all with: everyone agree this is one of the best Batman and Commissioner Gordon stories in decades! :)
Bud
Father! Let me laugh last, in Jesus Christ Name I pray! Amen!
There is no set date and time for these events, but they will happen fast whem they do; it could occur tomorrow up to eary summer, but before the Democratic National Convention in North Carolina. A major false flag event is planned for the DNC but will not happen after the arrests and the placementof Dr. Ron Paul as interim President until elections can be properly held.
Legs (make 4):
My blog now is almost half a year old. Even as I say it I cannot believe how much it has grown since then. From grotty pictures and posts which lasted one paragraph to a slightly more sophisticated style of photography and ultra long posts which I sincerely hope entertain you.
Not, I've found, the writing for work that requires I abide by the 'understated' tone of the organisation and get three different approvals for every paragraph posted on the website. I need real writing. The kind that streams from the movie in your head, that sings with emotion, vibrates with your soul. I need to work on my damn book. It's 4:30 am--I've been up since a 3:30 baby feed--but it's taken me this long to psych up for a blog post. Will I even open my manuscript before the baby wakes for the day or I decide to steal a few more minutes sleep? Why do I delay?
With its Therasense decision, the CAFC effectively elevated the fact patterns of older Supreme Court cases to the status of the controlling test for inequitable conduct of any and all types, in disregard of the Supreme Court's most recent statements to the contrary in Precision Instruments. The Therasense ruling would permit ‘working-around’ the uncompromising standard of fully candid disclosure to the Patent Office that was established in Precision Instruments. If the Therasense ruling remains in place, district courts will be impeded from their duty to detect and deter misleading statements to the USPTO.
Come on UK Gov PLC, get your head out of your bottom on science and technology and lets see some kind of cohesive plan for support and business development in the UK, if you're not sure what to do then come and see me, I'm a lot cheaper and more clued up than all those mealy mouthed arts graduates working for you in Whitehall.
They wanted for nothing. They didn't want anything. They only left the house when it was necessary: to go to the store, to run errands. The rest of life was spent at home, reading books in Russian, listening to the radio. I was their connection to the world: the entertainment, the storyteller, the birthday rememberer. God it was hard. It was more than I could handle in the end.
You have permission to reproduce and distribute this article in any format provided you do not alter the wording and that you do not charge a fee beyond the cost of reproduction. For printed copies, as well as web posting, please include the following statement:
"Our local consumers also have a choice to come in to our establishment for beer from the tap. Or they can purchase a glass half gallon growler for their beer. They can drink some of their beer from other brewers bottles. There are many choices and I think the key is balance and moderation in all things. Eating canned soup every day is not really healthy or balanced."
Like a true addict, it's been barely 3 days and I can feel the twinges. You know, those pangs you get inside yourself when you see another photographer posting gorgeous photos of their studio and think to myself, I could use some new chairs in my own studio. Or etsy sellers posting photos of their latest headband creations on Facebook and find myself wistfully dreaming about how perfect they would look on Charlotte or a client.
Hermes Birkin imitation totes are very well-known these totes can be located everywhere on-line. Should you have obtained this sort of wonderful travelling bag, you'll instantly recognize that these Hermes Birkin imitation totes can be extremely manufactured from the best quality material and fine craftsmanship. These hold the just about identical hearings to your legitimate ones. Additionally, they may have many designs because the amounts on the first ones.
an aphrodisiac mixed with fear, spin
Legal Consultant v. Immigration Consultant
“Well,” said Hermel turning to the group as they heaved water left and right as best they could. “The men in the mine are either dead, or alive! No need for us to go down and risk our lives!”
Avoid loud and aggressive persons;
how stunning an iris in a chipped vase looks.
finally my husband agrees to take me.
A) Post the contest details and link on your blog.
the recipe i've written
Anne Elisabeth is also the author of the Tales of Goldstone Wood, a series of fantasy adventure novels told in the classic Fairy Tale style.
11. Always wear the race shirt of your last race at the current race’s pre-race briefing. The more recent the race, the better. This is a good conversation starter. However, avoid the tendency to explain how that it was a training run for this, and this is just a training run for the next, etc. It just sounds like your rationalizing mediocre performances. Sometimes it’s best to live in the here and now.
Now – with great authority – not a request for admission, but a command:
My friend still giving the gift and writing "A gift for you, only the best will do, this is the worst wrapping job, so if you got a problem... screw you." on the card provided... Priceless
A half an hour later the ENT came back to tell us she was done, and that she did great. He said he drained a ton of goo from her ears, and that she would be hearing so much better now. He said things are going to probably sound a little loud to her today, and that she would probably be a little fussy as a result. Fifteen minutes after that they brought her back- she looked soooo cute all groggy and splotchy faced and with cotton in her ears. She was crying, but stopped once they handed her to me, and after hugging me and shuddering a few times (I hate those post-crying little shudders!) she said dadadadyyy and reached for him and melted in his arms. Then she reached for Jason and hugged him for a minute or two, reached for Caleb, reached for Mama, reached for Daddy...it was so cute, she just wanted to be passed around and snuggled by all of her family :)
After lingering on her eyebrows (which are wispy yet sturdy) for a few seconds, Fay and the finger-challenged guy play a game of cat and mouse through the streets of New York City. Is the three-fingered assailant who is chasing Fay the duck-voiced Ripper? I'm not so sure, as I haven't heard him quack once. Nevertheless, after a bizarre sequence at a movie theatre, Fay wakes up in a hospital bed to find her creepy boyfriend hovering over her.
In your content, and in your community spaces, you’ll want to target the elements in the left column: listen­ing, speaking with, collaborative, generates ideas.
In a mixing bowl, mix together flour, yeast, water and salt together. It comes out as a very sticky dough. Cover the bowl with silver foil and keep it at room temperature to rise for 18 hrs.
My friend E, who is simply fabulous came over on Friday to help me with the decorating. Ok, fine... she did basically all of the decorating. She's taken classes and is so good. I can honestly say I don't do much, if any piping and would just have made a mess of the cake!
Nose is yeasty and fruity. Amber and clear wtih 2 finger head. Light wheat beer character on the nose wtih a slight bitterness. Low 3 Star. I had this beer a LOT while I was here, so I recall when I later had it with fries and bread, I got a slight toasty breadiness to it, very pleasant and made for a nice breakfast beer. 3 Star.
To prevent either from happening either have an adult walk or carry the little one down the aisle. If he or she is big enough to walk on his or her own then have a friendly face drop him/her off at the start of the aisle and another friendly face near the altar. This way he or she has someone to walk to.
One email from a friend this week was on behalf of her sixteen year old niece, who will be travelling to Paris in a month's time. She wanted to know the coolest bars and nightclubs in Paris - the places where the cool kids hang.
By the time I arrive at the restaurant the other three are already there and seated. When you walk into this restaurant there is a bar area with some tables along the wall. You walk through this area to get to the main dining area in the back. My party is seated in the frontmost table in the main dining area in the center of the room. In other words, everyone can see our table.
'Orme' is a 4.2% bitter, 500mls bottle, not bottle conditioned.
After a couple rides, I came back into the station and saw that not only was there was no one waiting, but the other six or so people on it with me were getting off. I moved up to the front car and rode it out of the station alone.
sat on it and contemplated my purpose…
earth, in a patch of grass near the Civic Center in downtown Scottsdale. Where is the weirdest place you have ever slept? Okay, this part of the book always cracked me up because the Civic Center is SO busy. There's a library and it's just this huge hubub of activity. Every time I drive by it now I giggle thinking of fictional Atticus sleeping naked there.
The rate of running royalties to be paid
In a small bowl, combine honey and lime juice; set aside.
Myra: Sure it is. That's why you act so funny around each other.
What happens when the fire of God falls?
The only way to avoid the dreaded cookie-cutter wedding is to plan a wedding that reflects you, your groom and your families.
often appearing black.
Over the past few weeks KB and I have had a few ups and downs. Not with our relationship but the outside world. In a strange way it has intensified our love and respect for each other and that is a good thing. In the next nine months things will change for the two of us and of course it is all good.
3) Harriet goes over and rubs herself against a shard of metal.
My reading list is a perpetual work in progress because there are so many books I’ve read in the past that I think others should know about and there are so many books I’ve always wanted to read but never have. Over time this list will continue to grow bit by bit in order to provide the widest range of options for someone looking to find something worth taking the time to read.
he had to
What do you do when a co-worker steals (ahem….I mean: ‘perhaps accidentally takes your lunch’:) from the fridge at work? Rant’n'rave? Send a nasty email? Something else?
come on, you’re young, it’s time to make mistakes
Primary responsibilities include:
Thommy Hutson and some of the crew behind the incredible Never Sleep Again documentary are putting together a retrospective on The Return of the Living Dead 1-3! The trailer they showed was amazing and I can’t WAIT to see it! The trailer’s been pulled from the official website, but definitely keep your eye on it for more information.
YOLO Curve is a lipolaser fat reduction machine that will seriously make you rethink the way you look at lasers and losing fat! LipoLaser Fat Reduction uses an innovative low level lase designed to specifically address problem areas and create a healthier you! Using advances in laser science, this technology can target fat cells and shrink them with no pain, no surgery and no downtime! In relaxing 20-30 minute sessions you can now lose inches in minutes!
Let us make ourselves the pen and the mouth of God, for Jesus Christ, our Master. The whole man in Jesus Christ, for a total love of God: intelligence, will, heart, physical forces. All: nature, grace, vocation and apostolate. A cart that runs on four wheels: sanctity, study, apostolate and poverty.--ALBERIONE
We got to the main entrance and Fil asked about the complimentary tickets left for him. One of the guards whom I shall name Beevis, kept asking us WHO LEFT THE TICKET. Fil was unsure who.. but more importantly, shouldn’t he be asking WHO IT WAS FOR? Later on, the other man whom I shall call Butthead asked Fil for his ID. After giving the ID, Butthead simply said, “Ah walang iniwan na Capul dito!” (Oh, there were no tickets for a “Capul” left here!) without even checking the tickets on hand. Fil asked if Butthead was sure since he was told to pick it up at the main entrance. Butthead ignorantly said, “Oo siguardo ako! Ako mismo gumawa ng listahan na yan at nagsulat ng mga pangalan diyan! Check niyo nalang sa taas!” (Yes I’m sure! I myself made the list and wrote the names! Just check upstairs!)
When we are lost and sick at heart, we remember them.
Kazushi Ono and his orchestra did a very good job without ever being really great. It went crescendo and while I appreciated Kazushi's care for preservation of the 3D texture of the sound, I noted several problems with superposition of various parts of the orchestra in the first act. It all sounded very good in the second act and eventually was magnificent in the third act.
A foot massage
4. Most days start with my special chocolately brew - and yet, I'm not actually a chocolate fiend, despite appearances.
We had to do a project in art class on sexuality and how we see ourselves, and since mine was sort of related to fashion, sharing time!
(Picture is from Wikipedia)
Fulham v Newcastle – 3.00 Saturday
I've been looking for new patterns for my granddaughter, Elise, for a scarf and a hat. It's so cold in the winter when they go to school, I wanted to keep her warm and toasty. When I found this hooded scarf on AllFreeCrochet, I loved it. A scarf and hat in one ~ ﻿﻿
he enjoys full support from Hamas over the statehood bid,
improving public education.
Masombuka said many companies were interested but dropped out when they realised the complexity of this process. "It becomes a very expensive and long process. Eventually many of these companies pull out," he said.
Now, a sane mother would think - great, all I have to do is wash the dress in time.
(c) be set aside exclusively as a smoking area; and
that the person you are talking to
I took this picture in the Conservatory at the Minnesota Arboretum about 2 yrs ago, in the Summer.
The triumph of humanity is our capacity to understand. It is our comprehension of the cosmos, our insight into where we came from, our vision of the place we occupy in the universe, that sets us apart. A by-product of this scientific understanding is the power to harness nature for our benefit or, it is true, to employ it to our detriment. The particular ethical and moral choices people make depend on human nature and human culture. People dropped boulders on their enemies long before they understood the law of gravity. And they spewed filth into the skies long before they understood the thermodynamics of burning coal.
Forever will find you still at it
I live in the smallest town ever, in BC Canada. A beautiful mountain backdrop, one 3 way sign as the 'busy' intersection, a small library, and we even have our own little bank. :) And it blows me away daily that someone across the world emails me about their excitement over some pallet creation I've made.
adults yelling at each other playing games
Before that, though, we were treated to something a little different and something many (if not most) country pub restaurants would be shocked to find on a menu. Mark had taken eight litres of James Squire Pilsner down to his sorbet/ice cream producer and returned with the most luscious, creamy but sharp pilsner sorbet you could imagine. The sorbet shone well enough as a palate cleanser on its own but then the beer just seemed to appear from nowhere as the sharpness and sweetness began to fade. Just the right level of bitterness then washed over the tongue to cleanse leaving the unmistakable memory of fine malted brew.
The big day came, you were anxious to go. We walked to the bus going oh, so slow.
The samples of beer referred to in the accompanying table were obtained, as stated, partly from public houses, and partly from the brewers themselves or from their agents. The results of analysis show that there are considerable differences in the quality of the beer sold retail by publicans at the same price, and that there are also differences between it and the best kinds of beer supplied by the brewers. Thus, for instance, the variation in the ale sold at fourpence per pint is from 4.08 to 7.10 per cent, of alcohol, and from 3.22 to 7.53 per cent, of extract — a variation which corresponds to a difference in the amount of malt used in the brewing as much as 1.58 bushel per barrel.
I intend to do that from now on. We should take life by the-ahem-horns, instead of letting life lead us around by the-ahem-horns. Why bother in a job you hate, or live a life you despise and be miserable every day while you wait for something better to happen. I don’t know if I believe in Karma, but it hasn’t been doing anything for me as of lately! I’m planning on making my own karma and my own destiny, starting with one big change and then on to the rest!
One of her favourite Greek myths is that of the fates which she explores in the story, The Cloth of Life. “The fates sit and weave and spin and work out all the fates of people. It’s my favourite story because it tries to explain why the world is as it is and it is so universal, you find it in many different cultures.”
Maybe it was the time for such questions, given that attendees had spent $35 ($30 + service charge) for tickets to the 80-minute event at the CUNY Graduate Center in Manhattan, and that Gehry has not yet responded to invitations to meet with concerned citizens who live in or around the proposed project footprint. After the event, Krashes--who in his respectful public question noted that he had no position on the arena--got on the long line behind those seeking Gehry autographs and waited his turn. When he approached Gehry, Krashes mentioned that his group had previously sent a letter inviting the architect to a meeting.
She asked if the game would run on her iMac, but she asks that about every game I play. I said it did not, mostly because I am not sure what revisions of hardware and software the Mac version of EverQuest supports these days, and even if it did run on her machine, EverQuest Mac players are banished to their own server and locked in time at the Planes of Power expansion. That probably makes the Mac server closer to “classic” EQ than the progression servers.
ambages n.pl.;windings, roundabout ways, delays. My writing is full of ambages--and they usually take me to interesting intellectual places.
So....the question is....does it look a little better and what more would you suggest I do (other than some color on the windows). I'm open here ladies...give me some suggestions!!
So, when you set up your article, short story or book template, make sure you include double-spaced text. Whilst double-spaced text is no longer required for the publication process, it's what writers have been doing for years and what many publishers continue to ask for today.
Oh joy!
Boy 1 and Boy 2 walk away shaking their heads at me.
Before I did the tanning I took an Exacto blade and gave him his trademark scar on his right eyebrow and cheek. This was my extra Locke I hadn't opened yet because I didn't like the way the eyebrows were painted on this one. So I also removed them with nail polish remover and then painted them on with brown acrylic paint after the dye job was done. I kept the eyebrows in the same place but made them less raised and tried to give a little more character and focus to them. I didn't touch the factory painted stubble. Not sure about that. It's got a light gray color to it and now it's a little lighter than the skin. But I'm loathe to go in with darker paint and possibly make him look like a thug. The pink lips are another issue, but I have left them alone for now. I painted MIB's lips because after the dye job there was such a contrast, but I don't know. It might be smart to try and remove the lip paint altogether, I personally don't think it's necessary in most cases. One major caution: These BBP heads are very thin at the neck plug and will tear easily. So be careful removing the head. I'm used to yanking Mego heads off like a seven year old but these won't take that. John's head is halfway off it's neck post right now.
Now, the posting schedule for the week is going to be a bit strange... Tonight and tomorrow I'll be posting the final 5 reviews from last week. Come Friday, I'll post reviews for, at the very least, Avengers vs X-Men #4 and Vs #2. I wish I could get those two reviews up sooner, but alas, work and my crazy schedule preclude that from occurring. Later on today, I intend on posting a bunch of scans from the comics I read last week... So yeah, lots of stuff coming up this week. Until then though, Vampire X out.
unprincipled rich out-of-touch jerk which
Villiers De L’Isle Adams – The Future Eve
Basic Rules of Texas Hold’em + Test
“Clearly influenced by Monty Python‘s Terry Gilliam and old ghost stories, artist Kevin Weir has discovered a fun way to play with images from the Library of Congress’ Flickr account.
William Levy and Cheryl Burke performed the cha-cha. Because of his schedule, he started a week later than the others. Cheryl is a taskmaster and got him on track. Oh yeah! Sexy! Not quite the footwork he needs but the rest of him moved! Who cares? Score: 8, 8, 8 = 24.
Most of you have probably seen this somewhere. We have a plaque thing hanging in our hallway that I read often.
And he moved the third string from his harp crying out and saying: The royal daughter is all glorious within; her clothing is woven with gold (Ps. 45:13).
I like the REAL fushizzle…..with a lime. Its not very special if every man will take it. If any man is willing to lay down with you …its kinda up to you to tell the difference between a knight and ……..a guy with a sales plan. How hard can that be? ……don’t answer that.
whisk until it thickens (a little thicker than pancake batter) (if it gets too thick, add a little more milk)
I have already had 5 sales and I am so excited! I am adding new items everyday, and in the next few months will be adding custom clothing for children. So, if you get a chance please hop over and see what I have...and feel free to like Creations for Eleanor on Facebook. I love to do custom orders, just let me know what you want. All orders are 10% off until February 29th, use coupon code Feb2012. Here are a couple of pictures of what I have.
Although billed as a writer of young adult novels, and sometimes even as a sports fiction writer (which couldn't be further from the truth), Crutcher fights against categorization. Out of necessity, he defines himself as a writer of "coming of age" novels. "I seem to have gotten into a place that I didn't know existed, " he says. He cautions other writers of "young adult" fiction that sales are "pretty much by word of mouth, school journals and magazines. Early on, you're not going to get into any bookstores. Serious adult lit is going to get in."
Poetry ought to be taught in schools as a game. I mean it. All the way up to high school and beyond.
Buddy: iPhone.
You would be surprised in this day and age how often we still hear this. A couple times a week. So is she? By medical definition...yes she is. By society's definition? No, that would be you. Thanks for playing.
If you were an ant on my backyard patio, this may well be the last thing you'd ever see. It's an ant trap. Kind of like a Hymenoptera mausoleum if you will.
Ultimately, she was caught, however, and the Nazi’s broke both of her legs and arms and beat her severely.
It is even more profound with salvation by grace. It is true that the Lord shed His blood nearly 2,000 years ago but it is not until you accept that payment for your sin that you are saved. Then in the twinkling of an eye something happens. God had to wait for you to be ready and believe.
We do not believe that constructing another coal terminal supporting an expansion of mining in the Hunter Valley is a step in the right direction. We need to reduce our reliance on coal and there will never be a “good” time to do this. We believe the sooner we start this transition the better.
Last week my back started bothering me off and on. Friday it blew up. Okay, not really, but it might as well have. Something was seriously, seriously wrong. I'm still not sure what, but it involved massive pain...to the point where having contractions was a relief.
Build friendships that are strong enough that your close friends will tell you when you’ve shacked up with an idiot. Most of the time, your friends will tell you AFTER you’ve went through said heartache. They’ll say, “Oh, hey, I never liked so and so. He never treated you right.” WELL, WHY THE HELL DIDN’T YOU SAY ANYTHING??! Have at least a few friends around you who will say something PRIOR to the breakup. Have a few friends who are not afraid of confronting you or temporarily hurting your feelings if it will save you a great agony in the future.
1) If the season were to end right now, there would be two Triple Crown winners (Matt Kemp, Josh Hamilton). Considering the last Triple Crown winner was in 1967, that would be a pretty incredible feat if they could keep it up.
11. Who inspired you?
As students, these two are busy enough, but keeping balance in their lives always remains a priority. “I tend to do really well when I organize my weeks according to integrating time for my school work among my other priorities,” said Visser.
May 2010
How to Build a Wardrobe Inspired by Christopher Kane
Uh, Ms. Bennet, perhaps you've heard of a little thing called Women's Suffrage? Yeah, well, according to none other than Susan B. Anthony,
Only go for this option if your work is extraordinarily good.
Deep in my heart, i sowed
Ok, maybe it’s a bit of a stretch to compare a retail shopping experience to the selection process. But the fact remains, too many employers leave candidates with the closing statement, “We’ll let you know.” Perhaps it’s easier to say than, “You didn’t get the job.” This goes back to our previous blog of having some courtesy. Give candidates a specific date. For example, “We’ll let you know by the end of the week,” or “If you don’t hear from us before the end of the week, it means we’ve decided to pursue another candidate.” Note: if you tell a candidate that you will let them know by the end of the week, make sure you let them know by the end of the week. In either case, give your candidates an opportunity for closure on the opportunity. Don’t leave them with that incomplete bathroom reno!
Makes me think of us as Christians. How often do we ride along peacefully in life when, suddenly, we encounter a startling and overwhelming situation? Something happens to jolt our smooth-going wagon of life onto a bumpy, runaway course and we can’t control it.
Clerk- "Good. Can I see some ID?"
At one point, Anna uses the word “irregardless.” Andy calls her out – apparently he thought this was a key point in her argument. Posts are abuzz with people looking the word up, trying to figure out if Anna has grammar on her side.
which means (hopefully)
The Avalon: A mist shrouded lodge, full of mystery.
Here’s the cover copy:
It's hard to go past dessert, especially when there are so many temptations on offer. The bakery offers a mix of standard Western and Argentinian sweets but the lure of dulce de leche always wins out. This milk jam--made by heating sweetened milk until it caramelises--is spread, dolloped and piped on everything you can imagine.
6. Dumbing down the newspaper will not attract younger readers.
Restaurant offer only hoi tod. The only thing that you can choose is the topping. Mainly either oysters or mussel, in early day, Khun Dang had create some difference to his dish and ingredient until he come up with 5 dish for choice as follow. Oysters fried in crispy egg batter, mussel fried in crispy egg batter, oysters and mussel fried in crispy egg batter, Oysters fried in soft egg batter, and mussel fried in soft egg batter.
Gregg J. Froehner, 46, Chester, N.J.
While I was nursing my hurt, the boys were munching and exploring.
Poeta — a Buenos Aires street artist born Christian Riffel and a contributor to the walls of Juanele HQ — had put his initial plan on hold in order to organize Pop Up Galleries, the first in a series of artistic “interventions” in “unconventional” spaces. It was to be, he told me, “something very new” in a “very old house.”
Glad to have you in my life, Arham. And yes, I love you.
Hyoyeon is kind of special.
After using my helpful tips in my second reflection I end up with great result. Here is my consumption for this month as we can see from the below table the total a mount is 93 Kwh!!! Yes its 93 which is the less than the half
Park Güel
My soul is full of wanting, and my heart is full of pain.
Scarborough: what about Mitt Romney
* California State Polytechnic University, Pomona * California State Railroad Museum * California State Science Fair * California State Senate * California State Summer School for Mathematics and Science
- the reasonable price
The wife wears the pants in this family. She's the one with the toolbox, I'm the one making the dinner and cleaning the cat box. I'm good at that.
That's one reason why I'll never marry Newt.
Snow Snow Everywhere
Finally, what does the future hold for Didjelirium?
Unpublished writers commonly ask 'how do I stop a publisher ripping off my idea if I send in an outline/story?' Of course, the answer is 'why would they?' Having ideas is the easy bit - writing the book is work. I have very, very occasionally heard of a publisher stealing an idea. On the whole, it's pointless (as well as unprofessional). They would still need to get someone to write the book, so if they like the idea, why not go with the person who is keen to write it? Unless they can't write for toffee, of course. But if you can't write for toffee, you're never going to get a publishing contract, so don't worry about it.
Brazil hosted a UFC 147 press conference today featuring current Middle Weight champion Anderson Silva, number one contender Chael Sonnen, and President of the UFC Dana White.
What's Peanut eating? The rubber collar of my left iPod earbud.
2/22/11 From The Lord, Our God and Savior - A Letter Given to Timothy, For All Those Who Have Ears to Hear
Goal for today: don't b/p. For once.
1. welcome to Planet Motherfucker/Psychoholic Slag
The federal government's relationship with tribal governments, its obligations under treaty and law, and our values as a nation require that we do more to improve public safety in tribal communities. And this Act will help us achieve that. It will strengthen the relationship between the federal government and tribal governments. It will improve our ability to work with tribal communities in the investigation and prosecution of crime, and it authorizes resources for tribes to fight crime more effectively. While many members helped pass this bill, I especially want to applaud Senators Dorgan, Barrasso and Kyl, and Representatives Herseth Sandlin, Kildee, Cole, Conyers, Scott, Rahall, Simpson and Pastor for their leadership on this issue. I look forward to signing the Act into law.
DARA-san. I think I seem like the strong type so I’d want to protect DARA.
Working with 1 disk at a time, roll out dough to 1/8-inch thickness on a lightly floured surface. Using a gingerbread cookie cutter, cut out shapes. (Return dough to freezer if it softens.) Space dough shapes 1 inch apart on parchment-lined baking sheets. Freeze until firm, about 15 minutes (oops... I forgot to do this, and they turned out fine). Brush off excess flour.
What do you think of Nokia’s decline? Do you still own a Nokia? Are they Finnish-ed? Let us know in the comments below.
Do you have an Etsy store or a web-based business? Do you have a friend who sells online? I would love for you to share the sites here! Together, we can help build and promote these small businesses.
Ceartas Advocacy and the ABI Café are holding an Acquired Brain Injury Seminar on Thursday 17th at McGregor House in Kirkintilloch, between 2 and 4pm. Contact Pam Thomson on 0141 775 0433, or email PThomson@ceartas.org.uk
Our next stop I'd never been to before but had seen photos and videos of it many times. This is the house where Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak created the first Apple HQ in 1976. They started out working in Steve's bedroom but later moved into the garage where the first 50 Apple 1s were built. Imagine that!
happy 20th birthday faisal the awesome *coughwtfcough*
Look out for the cheater
We here at U. and S. find this a fantastic place and time, as any, to dissect the lyrical qualities of the Memph-Clips action from last night. Conley had a terrific night and is one gear away from being better even (maybe a change-time pace-setter or maybe a true-passer). Really, just a young dude hitting shots efficiently and from the heart, a lot of great in-the-moment shots last night, and could have taken more – but the bigs just couldn’t find the ball when need be to lower that stress and heighten that shoot-confidence. The bigs need the ball and to be exact, Gasol was struggling with the contact and find-your-position battle with the unusually tough Clipper dee. And Randolph was having a touch of a clunker evening, not sure if that’s conditioning and the full-on or just the fact he couldn’t get a rhythm going, same as Gasol, but he struggled across several areas. They just didn’t receive the ball when they had the position, or just couldn’t find the sweet spots to my eye, and gave up key rebounds (those damn free throws and Reggie Evans pushing us out of the damn way) and just couldn’t get their inside-out game in lock. A handful of second-guessing paired with missed floaters and jumpers equals a tough half of the battle. The other half? Being a force and stoic. Couldn’t find that. Gay hit some shots and had a nice game, but nothing take-over. Allen looked a touch slow on guarding Paul in the crunch, and Mayo was quiet. The Clips had them shot.
A lot of this hasn't been fun, but I'm very pleased with the boy. He now loves school, "has an excellent vocabulary" (per the head of the school), fully participates in class, and gets in trouble for things like picking his nose. One of his former teachers claims that it's because my husband and I worked with him so much. We did, but I think most of the credit goes to him. He has a good heart, he tried hard, and his brain simply developed some more.
For more inspiration, make sure to check out Friday's Fancies for a little dream getaway. We are hoping to plan ourselves a little vacay this spring for our anniversary, even if it is just a little further South!
I didn’t want to give up, so I caught the fastest train, also here nearly missing the one and only train that would make me catch up with the bus before it enters the shuttle that goes to the continent through the Channel Tunnel. I made it and am also probably one of the few who have ever shuffled in a train under the sea.
Best moment this week: Not sure.
I won't go into the specifics of my craft storage here, because I'm waiting til we've been to the city to access more storage containers and then don't worry, I'll be so excited to show you what I've done!
I’m getting off topic – except that I feel like the dreadful song choices were actually what determined last night’s bottom 2. Child prodigy Astro and Mama wonder Stacey Francis were the bottom 2.
Oh love time
Of course the work of Charlton Heston during the early 70s played its role. Omega Man, inadequately remade by Will Smith as the protagonist in I Am Legend, again highlighted the conflict between Self and Other, as well as presenting the conflict between sustainability and gross consumption in a very graphic manner. World-wide viruses, a mutated humanity and interracial relationships were all themes of this movie. This was nother movie that provided some graphic fodder for later nightmares.
Without doubt, the 'yellows' and the 'blacks' have reaped the greatest rewards from all of this experimentation, if breweries could finally start working that same kind of magic with the 'browns', I might just start doing little leaps of joy. (In fairness, some breweries have already started to do precisely that.)
Anyway, this website will run the same as Family fashion and facts it will just have a different name and look :) Giveaways every Thursday and everything! Thank you all for sticking with me! This was a hard decision but I believe businesses will benefit :) As soon as the website is up and running I will let ya'll know!
I am loving My Minds Eye papers at the moment so I have combined some of their Christmas paper with some of their normal range.
CIOs need to care more about their staff and have to understand and overcome any difficulties that they face in their everyday jobs. Caring managers will always be able to deliver better results.
Treas Bhriogáid Chorcaí I.R.A. iad
It is educational entertainment in a way and many of those professional musicians you look up to for what they do might have some surprising influences that could in turn become new and exciting influences to you and your music.
When he is away I keep to myself, I go to bootcamp, I run, I eat I wait for the weekends.
“In the first place it’s not true that people improve as you know them better: they don’t. That’s why one should only have acquaintances and never make friends. An acquaintance shows you only the best of himself, he’s considerate and polite, he conceals his defects behind a mask of social convention; but we grow so intimate with him that he throws the mask aside, get to know him so well that he doesn’t trouble any longer to pretend; then you’ll discover a being of such meanness, of such trivial nature, of such weakness, of such corruption, that you’d be aghast if you didn’t realize that that was his nature and it was just as stupid to condemn him as to condemn the wolf because he ravens or the cobra because he strikes.”
between cupboards and under tables.
We light a yule log, in our house one that's cut from the trunk of last year's tree (the rest of which is providing habitat and nutrients in the woods out back). Old tales say if it lights on the first try and burns for twelve hours, we'll have good luck...this year, I'm soaking one end in water, first. What? We need all the good fortune we can get...don't you??
Whether the revenue from Poly's air rights would support the engineering school remains unclear. Should it do so, the deal looks better for Poly. If not, the larger school, which has faced little internal controversy over the consolidation decision, may have achieved an ever better deal. But the consolidation is about more than revenue, so, assuming it goes forward, it may take years to assess the true value of the deal.
Huge payout after police bungling
This assertion is unfair I believe. Mr Harris was clearly drawing from the rich source of contemporary slang that would have been readily understood by its intended audience - working class men living in the slums of London. That's not to deny that perhaps Mr Harris was borrowing a bit of underworld cool by using terms that were not entirely respectable or correct, especially in Victorian times, but he was clearly a shrewd businessman who knew how to speak to his market. And he was aware that a more formal approach was a waste of time and expense (handbills cost money to print).
There are of course, plenty of instances where printed books still win over electronic books. For starters, I'd find it hard to plop myself into the bathtub with a Kindle. Electronics and occasional splashes don't mix. And I don't think Kindles are an alternative to children's books, which have a beauty and feeling all their own. Of course, there's also the chance that your Kindle's battery might die while you are unable to plug it in to charge, which is an obvious win for printed books over e-readers.
He reminds me of the late troubadour Siggi Ármann.
Here are pics! -- and in no way, shape, or form are they in ay sort of chronological order. haha)
As with my other obscure skills (I can tell straight away if someone has had their hair cut; I'm very good at writing questions for pub quizzes; I can recognise an East Kilbride accent; and I can quote entire stanzas of poetry I learned at school as well as fragments of quotes from all over the place), one day I'll be able to make money out of this.
My calm question, was answered
May 11 is my court date to affirm the dissolution. At this point, it's a little up in the air what will happen in terms of Nathan's agreement to the dissolution. Not that he wants to back out, but he may or may not still agree to the custody schedule. Who knows...if not, the stress of the divorce will continue one for who knows how much longer :(. Luckily, Rylee is totally kept in the dark about everything, and I believe at this point she doesn't even remember what it was like to have both Nathan and I under the same roof. She's adjusting so well.
it is a risk. and, i know i will have to fight for being relieved.
Finally back home and on my computer. It was interesting posting with my itouch, I have never done that before.
Wether male or female, the rules of the shout are simple. Number of people in the shout must be equal to the number of shouts in the session. Ideally. We are still duty bound to be responsible drinkers and to care for our fellows and The Shout is sympathetic to this. Be sensible and don’t create a shout of fifteen or twenty blokes, all drinking pints or schooners, and then expect to pilot the Commodore home from the city to the outer suburbs. You will be lucky to get it as far as the outer car park. And if you get busted by Johnny Hopper, don’t blame it on The Shout. It’s all your doing.
I recently found your blog through YHL and I LOVE all of your ideas! I love that you are such a DIYer, just like my husband and I. I just wanted to share my recently created blog, ourhumbleabowed.wordpress.com with you. I am very OCD about things having a place. So much so that I have a label maker and used it to identify where bedding and towels should go in our linen closet. My husband thinks I'm a little crazy for it, but he admits it's nice to have things organized. He is the total opposite from me in that regard.
1/4-1/2 cup grated onion (depending on your tastes)
When you find yourself being the one with the balls.
The first time I stopped there, enticed by the fruit boxes outside, I was taken aback by how quickly the young shop assistant popped out and started ogling my every move. I was so nervous I even dropped a tangerine – which he hurried to rescue and assure me it was ok. He then proceeded to explain that the oranges are good and sweet – and only 2 euros for four – would I like some? No, I would not. I felt a bit awkward though – as you feel sometimes when someone is trying to be nice and you give them the cold shoulder. So when I went inside to pay, as he placed my fruit on the scales, I noticed the peculiar photo of him, posing in front of the rows of veggie boxes outside the store.
I was also getting excited in the beginning b/c the baby's heart rate was 176 (OWT says +150 = girl, 150- = boy). But the hr always starts out high and then gradually drops. At my last appt. it was in the 140's and both of my boys were in the 142-145 range. Maybe baby was just sleeping? MIL says that BIL's heart rate was always really high and he's obviously a boy. . . We'll see what it is next Mon. at my next apt.
My suggestion: We could stop treating everyone like crap.
P.S.: You might think that this movie is too short, yeah I think so too. (142 mins) Maybe because you think that why there is so few Avengers member assemble? I bet it was.
But, I wonder what it would be like to form a genuine friendship with someone seemingly so different?
Just live and that is all, race is a fallacy, a construct of evil minds, why there can never be a recognition of difference because that is hate, that or it leads to it and so we each operate, operate within an imposed set of social mores, operate terrified of offending and yes the supposed victim-class becomes the elevated, able to ride out for now the enforcement, able to use it ,exploit it in their own interest or that of their group and the Caucasian, well he or she lives cowed, whilst others hold the very whip-hand, the power to call them to account falsely or not, that then the new freedom ,that then the new order, the new world ,the new creation.
Wisconsin
Mexican food or Japanese food? If you’ve read this blog for even a second, you know what the answer is to this one.
No, I don’t wanna let go
It’s all about grace, folks—all about Him and what He has already done for us. Out of love and gratitude, may we walk in the good works He has called us to today—not to earn anything but because He has already given us everything.
I have been researching heavily, in the name of my new novel, Fags Fighting Alien Overlords From Outer Space, the NWO and the factions who claim to oppose the NWO. The NWO being a group who possess so much money and power that they are literally imploding society. Simply because they wish to kill everyone, almost everyone. Once the smoke has cleared from this cataclysm, they themselves have designed, they will subjugate the remaining humans. Many people throughout the world are legitimately convinced of this reality. The story, legend, myth, conspiracy theory, or theory based on physical evidence, coupled with observations about our rulers past conduct, has a eerily familiar and convincing tone. If you allow yourself to delve into this type of research, any of you, I assure you that if you are diligent you will look in the mirror one day and seriously consider this postulation on the state of our reality.
Mei, a young girl whose memory holds a priceless numerical code, finds herself pursued by the Triads, the Russian mob, and corrupt NYC cops. Coming to her aid is an ex-cage fighter whose life was destroyed by the gangsters on Mei’s trail.
I guess that's just life happenin', right?
But nope, the Friends re-runs continue uninterrupted. Idiots.
Speaking of items for the market… I found this little shelf at a thrift store and I’m guessing it’s around circa 1995.
Fill greased muffin tins or muffin papers till almost full (these don't rise much). Bake for 15-25 mins. Done when peaks are golden brown. Let cool 5 mins prior to enjoying.
Question: This is that scary time of year again, full of ghosts, witches, pumpkins -- and sugary bags of trick-or-treat candy. A fun time for kids and adults can be a disastrous time for pets who share those bags of treats, landing them at the vet's office or emergency clinic. What kind of health emergencies do see most often during the Halloween holiday?
think it's comedy that you do so still....goes to show that you women are sneaky and shady if not more so
upper hand.
GRAVITY by Melissa West (October 2012, Entangled Publishing)
-JGIG
On behalf of Fern, Bruce, Ashley, Mike, Rob, Bob, Joan, Sandy, Marg and Eliese (The Plan Bee Coordinators Committee)
i mean, okay fine, i don’t expect you to actually listen to something this boring.
I feel better that I’ve worked up a comprehensive plan for my wife for after I die. As in most marriages, we have a division of labor. There’re a lot of things I do that will still need to be done. The plan contains the simple and complex tasks, all laid out.
I spent a long time on this, even though it's very simple. Mostly because I was playing around with this feature or that feature so I was moving things around a lot. This is "all me" in that I didn't use a premade sketch or drag-n-drop template. I just placed things and moved things around, changed the colors and the papers several times, added embellishments and deleted them. Wished for a "splatter" but couldn't find one in the items I downloaded (although I'm sure there was one out there somewhere). I settled on the swirly doodle. The best part of the layout? It was a wonderful Inside Out moment for me and working through my residual depression over losing Hunter last March.
Oh, sure, you’ll find profiles on distilleries familiar to modern American drinkers. There’s Tuthilltown, St. George Spirits, Piedmont Distillers, and Celebration Distillation (makers of Old New Orleans Rum). But where are the magisterial brandies of Osocalis? The award-winning peach and pear brandies of Peach Street Distillers? Want to know more about Salvatore Cimino’s game-changing poitin? Look elsewhere. They aren’t here. Clear Creek Distillery, perhaps the original modern American craft distillery, is on page...oh, wait. No. Nevermind. It’s not included. How about the 2012 edition? Nope. Not there, either.
We were not designed to live that way – life feels cursed.
I dare say your the only person who doesn't think i'm weird
servings: 4
This is my dinner shirt. I have to change back into my pie-making shirt.
4. Edward Scissorhands Introduction (Titles) - Danny Elfman
Panil Barriquee
(the senior pastor of the City Gates church, standing in front of the site of the collapsed building)
Oh, who cares? I am on my way home!!!
Picture this.. you’re sitting (or walking) with Jesus and you decide that maybe you’re not going to give Him that time anymore. How do you tell Him that? Can you imagine the look on His face? Can you even look at Him when you say the words?
Anyway, the weather has gotten cold and wet here and this is what I've chosen to do with my time. There are several reasons. It's one of those things that one (or I) can put off for a life time and I no longer have the life time I imagined I would have.
WSC Matches- 13, Wickets- 50, Avg- 24.14, 5W- 1, Best- 6/69
I’m almost done with my board exam application requirement yay~!
11:00 a.m.: I’m posting my own translation of a message posted on Malilink this morning by mathematician Dialla Konaté, a professor at Virginia Tech and a fixture of the Malian intelligentsia. His statement suggests why so many Malians were so frustrated with the government of President Touré and why, despite their ambivalence, they may ultimately support the coup:
Ninety-nine percent of Tahitian pearls are treated to get the 'chocolate' colour; the usual method is to chemically lighten a black pearl. (The treatment should always be disclosed by the vendor, who uses the term "treated" or "enhanced" or a phrase like "treated by a proprietary process".) Freshwater (FW) pearls are dyed in shades that range from deep brown to coppery-gold, and the term "dyed" should be disclosed.
She felt so cold and left alone
If you like Meantime's raspberry beer than M&S have made it easier for you to get hold of.
Mint Julep cups - Ross Simmons
A tapestry of flower becoming the heliographic stars
Go one then
Which jogged my memory, and jolted me into action somewhat.This weekend of lovely home-made creations made me feel annoyed at my recent limited cooking repertoire. When we were given some extra (uncooked) chicken fillets for Monday. I was determined not to cube it and stick it in a curry, or a mexican wrap. We looked through the cupboard, and had a look at some recipes for inspiration, and heres what we came up with:
Master Bedroom
But if the working dogs have had minor roles in the previous books, they get their due in No Mark Upon Her. Finn, a black Lab, and Tosh, a female German shepherd who just happens to look exactly like our Neela, are search and rescue dogs with a volunteer organization I've called Thames Valley SAR in the book. TVSAR is based on a real volunteer group called Berkshire SAR, whose members were extremely helpful when I was researching the book. They allowed me to handle a search dog in training exercises, and to hide and pretend to be a victim. (In the dark, in the mud, I might add. All the more fun.)
Anyways, I think Elizabeth Berg's books are maybe for a generation above me, or at least being over 40 would be helpful. They are very much books about a certain time in your life, and I think I just haven't reached that time yet. I'm just not quiet ready to relate to mothers of middle schoolers, in fact I'm not really ready to admit that I will ever be one. And I'm definitely not able to relate to the fall-out of divorce, which is what this book is all about.
And so, now that the world
usually i give him a picture of what i want...with the store and price it can be bought at..
The sacrifices of animal victims which were imposed on our forefathers by the Holy Trinity itself, the one God of the Old and New Testaments, foreshadowed the most acceptable gift of all.
Down the street from where I grew up, there was a video store. This was perhaps, the first video store chain I had ever been into by the time I reached age 15. Of course, I knew of Blockbuster Video back then, but we didn’t have one in my immediate area. We had mom and pop shoppe’s, busy grocery stores that rented out a hodge podge of tapes, and then, this chain store that went by the name of Mammoth Video. All of these were in bicycle or walking distance from home.
God, who is our Savior, willingly takes our burdens upon Himself, daily, so that we will not be crushed under their weight. All praise be presented to our Lord, who alone, has the power to save.
One must finally face a climb, if he wants to move on
me. This old mill town's not going to hold you back.'
On a sunny day Vondelpark fills up with so many people you might actually begin to wonder if it’s a public holiday. On a day like this buy yourself a disposable BBQ (roughly €4-€6) from most supermarkets and a bottle of red wine and have lunch/dinner in the park. It’s bliss.
‘Cause anyone knows that love is the only road
Can there be such a thing as too much horror?
In 2009, BuzzFlash interviewed Pierce for one of our weekly conversations with authors — and it still offers delightful insight about how so many Americans have entered an alternative universe based on a world view that doesn’t correspond to reality.
Now, almost ninety years later, the erasure of Christians and Jews is proceeding even faster than it did under the Ottoman Empire.
As a Morsel of Mercy represents God’s gifts of undeserved favor throughout our everday, I believe that from time to time, my life has a bag of warm and tasty Bread Bites. Moments that are full of life, saturated with time consuming events, and covered with specks of details. Every Bite is fresh, warm, and lavished with the love of Jesus. I just shared mine ~ find someone who needs some encouragement or a friendly visit and share your Bread Bites.
The town of Cypress Grove, Florida has been besieged by a new type of pest: walking catfish that are just as able to survive on land as in sea. The sheriff, a good ol' boy type, isn't too concerned but he calls in some environmental scientists anyway, just to placate his constituency.
These trees stole the thunder of my blog post.
“It was this particular police officer who was instrumental in getting Utusan the story, I hope the police would look into this angle,” said Ooi.
So I sent them my conditions to settle; my costs, and an apology. They agreed to one or the other. I could have the costs and the matter would be resolved. Or they would print an apology, but offer no financial recompense.
At first, I thought it was dead - its little head was turned sideways, its mouth was hanging open, and its legs were splayed out under its body. I walked back into the house to grab some paper towels so I could pick him up, but when I got back, it had pulled its head up and was staring dazedly at the glass, all WTF?
4. Login using your Shutterfly email/password, as soon as you do you get 1 free photostrip credit
Just last year, I met someone whe said she was going to take the Durango & Silverton train ride that weekend. She did and reported back that it was still as good an experience as when I had gone.
Satellites could be affected, too. NASA spokesman Rob Navias said the space agency isn’t taking any extra precautions to protect astronauts on the International Space Station from added radiation.
Three Floyds Brewing Co. / Brewery & Pub Dreadnaught IPA
But it wasn't just that he was great with kids (I work with a young teacher now who was a pupil of Mike's and the shows he wrote and produced are her most vivid memories of primary school). He was great with grownups, too. Someone who taught in that same school told me the other day that Mike used to wait in the school entrance on a Friday night and say goodbye to every member of staff as they left. Not a lot of people do that.
SECRET BAKERIES:
Now I was going to write another A&R post, but I'm sorting something special out with Siobhan Flynn for that. Oh hoho, boy is it going to be special-icous. Wow, I can't believe I said that. moving on...
In addition, perhaps radical Islamists, as well as ‘mainstream Muslims’, have cottoned on to the increased knowledge of all things Islamic that non-Muslim now have and have therefore changed their behaviour accordingly. Perhaps Islamists, and others, are waiting for this temporary blip to end. This may partly explain why the the immigration official Burke interviewed had not dealt with an ‘Islamic fundamentalist since 2006’.
Have a happy Sunday. I know I will, since I will be at home. Just hope I don't wake up earlier than if I had to work.
My daughter turns 17 next Thursday (I can’t believe it!). This is the card I made for her.
I know I can! Honestly, who couldn't!
young girl fell in love. But the guy came from a poor family. The girl’s parents weren’t too happy.
Brain damage is a common and potentially severe consequence of long-term, heavy alcohol consumption. Even mild-to-moderate drinking can adversely affect cognitive functioning (i.e., mental activities that involve acquiring, storing, retrieving, and using information) (1). Persistent cognitive impairment can contribute to poor job performance in adult alcoholics, and can interfere with learning and academic achievement in adolescents with an established pattern of chronic heavy drinking (2). A small but significant proportion of the heaviest drinkers may develop devastating, irreversible brain-damage syndromes, such as Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome, a disorder in which the patient is incapable of remembering new information for more than a few seconds (3).
The second doctor visit was actually just a nurse's visit at the pulmonologist's office. I have to get Lucy throat culture done to be able to attend the CFRI conference at the end of July. If it were just me going to the conference, there is no risk of cross infection because I do not have CF. Lucy, however, will be on site, and she must be cultured for b. cepacia and MRSA before she can even enter the hotel lobby where the conference is being held. She will not be attending the sessions and groups with me, but even just being on the premises could be a risk to other CFers if she did have any of these germs in her lungs. She will be hanging out with my mom during the day while I'm filling my brain with more CF knowledge and meeting new people in the CF community. I just couldn't bear (and neither could she) going 72 hours without being together, so she is coming with me. As the conference quickly approaches, I become more and more excited! Now we just wait for the culture results for the green light....
EXAMPLES: See if you don’t find each second version more compelling.
What I love about this is that the Large Oval fits into the oval of the Textured Impressions Designer Frames embossing set. This was done using our Brushed Silver Cardstock.
I've used this needle just about every week since then. Before I was a knitting teacher, I used him for hats and scarves and sweaters and blankets. He's the perfect needle for me to knit worsted weight - my favourite weight of yarn (other than sock, of course). Since I started teaching almost ten years ago, he has lived in my knitting toolkit as my sample needle. Whenever I've needed to do a demo of a technique - of a cast on, a decrease, an increase, a cast off. When designing a range of hats, I used him. I used him to knit some of the samples for my book.
4/28
Because of its striking appearance, Liatris gracilis is extremely popular to use in bouquets and floral arrangements. The slender gayfeather also produces nectar to attract butterflies, and for this reason they are common in butterfly gardens. Why not try growing one too?
I've been trying to write a blog post for a couple weeks now. The most pertinent and only thing I could think about writing was the experience that my band mates, friends and I had in Japan. I even titled it My Earthquake Day, pulled out of the Harvey Pekar library.
I did not use any stamp on them but use alphabet sticker instead.
Much more info from (512):
